350
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.'
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
throughout Christendom. Nothing else can produce
war; and this is the reason why I am so anxious for
the passage of a bill which will carry our laws into
Oregon. "Such a bill will be the messenger of peace,
and not the torch of discord. My voice is not for
war. My desire—my earnest desire is for peace;
and I sincerely believe that the course which we, on
this side of the house, are anxious to pursue, is
the only one to insure peace, and, at the same time,
to preserve the honor of both nations.
The senator from New Jersey [Mr. Miller] be-
lieves that an hundred years must roll round before
the valley of the Mississippi will have a population
equal in density to that of some of the older States
of the Union; and that for fifty years at least our peo-
ple should not pass beyond their present limits.
And in this connexion, he has introduced the Texas
question. In regard to that question, all I have now
to say is, "that sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof." 1 have no opinion to express at this time
on the subject. But this I believe: Providence has
given to the American people a great and glorious
mission to perform, even that of extending the bless-
ings of Christianity and of civil and religious liber-
ty over the whole North American continent.
Within less than fifty years from this moment,
there will exist one hundred millions of free Ameri-
cans between the Atlantic and the Pacific oceans.
This will be a glorious spectacle to behold;—the
distant contemplation of it warms and expands the
bosom. The honorable senator seems to suppose
that it is impossible to love our country with the
same ardor, when its limits are so widely extended.
I cannot agree with him in this opinion. I believe
an American citizen will, if possible, more ardently
love his country, and be more proud of its power
and its glory, when it shall be stretched out from
sea to sea, than when it was confined to a narrow
strip between the Atlantic and the Alleghanies. I
believe that the system of liberty, of law, and of
social order which we now enjoy, is destined to be
the inheritance of the North American continent.
For this reason it is, that the Almighty has im-
planted in the very nature of our people that spirit
of progress, and that desire to roam abroad and seek
new homes and new fields of enterprise, which char-
acterizes them above all other nations, ancient or
modern, which have ever existed. This spirit can-
not be repressed. It is idle to talk of it. You might
as well attempt to arrest the stars in their courses
through heaven. The same Divine power has
given impulse to both. AVhat, sir! prevent the
American people from crossing the Rocky moun-
tains? You might as well command Niagara not to
flow. We must fulfil our destiny. The question
presented by the senator from New Jersey is, wheth-
er we shall vainly attempt to interpose obstacles to
our own progress, and passively yield up the exer-
cise of our rights beyond the mountains on the con-
sideration that is impolitic for us ever to colonize
Oregon. To such a question I shall give no answer.
But, says he, it will be expensive to the treasury to
extend to Oregon a territorial government. No mat-
ter what ftiay be the expense, the thing will eventu-
ally be done; and it cannot be prevented, though it
may be delayed for a season.
But again: Oregon, says the senator from New
Jersey, can never become a State of this Union.
God only knows. I cannot see far enough into the
future to' form a decided opinion. This, however,
I do know; that the extension of our Union thus for
has not weakened its strength; on the contrary, this
very extension has bound us together by still
stronger bonds of mutual interest and mutual de-
pendence. Our internal commerce lias grown to he
worth ten times all our foreign trade. We shall
soon become a world within ourselves. Although
our people are widely scattered, all parts of the
Union must know and feel how dependent each is
upon the other. Thus the people of the vast valley
of the Mississippi are dependent upon the northern
Atlantic States for a naval power necessary to keep
the mouth of the Mississippi open, through which
their surplus produce must seek a market. In like
manner, the commercial marine of the Eastern States
is dependent upon the South and the \Vest for the
very productions, the transportation of which all
over the earth affords it employment. Besides, the
Southern and Southwestern States are protected by
the strength of the Union from the invasion of that
fanatical spirit which would excite a servile war,
and cover their fair land with blood. This mutual
dependence of all the parts upon the whole, is our
aggregate strength, t say, then, let us go on whith-
frsoeyer our destiny may lead us. I entertain no
fears for the consequences, even should Oregon be-
come a State. I do not pretend to predict whether
it ever will or not; but if, in a manly and temper-
ate tone, we adhere to our rights, we shall at least
spread over her mountains and valleys a population
identified with ourselves in religion, liberty and law.
We shall at least bestow upon them the blessing of
our own free institutions. They will be kindred spirits
of our own; and I feel no apprehension that they
will ever excite the Indians of Oregon to attack our
remote and defenceless frontiers. They and their
fathers have suffered too severely from such a
policy on the part of the British government to per-
mit them to pursue a similar policy. They will at
least be good neighbors.
Has it never occurred to the senator from Mas-
sachusetts how inconsistent his arguments are with
each other? In one breath, he tells the Senate that
Great Britain will go to war for Oregon; and in the
next that the Hudson Bay company will voluntari-
ly retreat before the advancing tide of our agricul-
tural population, and abandon it without a struggle.
Rest assured, sir, England is too wise to risk a war for
such a possession, valuable as it may be, on such a
claim of title as she presents. She is wise as she is
powerful. Look at her position in regard to Ire-
land. What is that island at this hour but a maga-
zine of gunpowder, ready to explode at any instant?
A single spark may light in a moment the flames of
a civil war. Look at the discontents which so ex-
tensively prevail throughout the island of Great
Britain itself, springing from the want and misery
of millions of her subjects, and from other danger-
ous causes which I shall not now enumerate. Al-
though in profound peace with all the world, in ad-
dition to all the other taxes on her subjects, she has
been compelled to resort to a heavy income tax to
support her government. She is dependent upon
us for the most valuable foreign trade which she
enjoys with any civilized nation; nor cpn she sup-
ply the demands of China for her cotton fabrics,
and thus realize the visions of wealth which she
sees m the perspective, without first obtaining the
law material from our fertile fields. England, as I
have already said, is wise as well as great and pow-
erful; and she will never go to war with us unless
upon a question in which her honor is involved. It is a
moral impossibility tlist, at this day, in the nine-
teenth century of the Christian era, Great Britain
will go to war for Oregon; when the facts and argu-
ments in favor of our title are so clear, that they
would prove at once to be conclusive before any
impartial, independent, and enlightened tribunal.
There is 110 danger of a war, unless it may be from
our own pitiful and pusillanimous course—unless,
without making any serious effort to adjust our con-
flicting claims, we timidly stand by and suffer her
to settle the territory to such an extent that it will
be out of her power to abandon her subjects there,
without violating her faith to them. The present
is the propitious moment to settle the whole ques-
tion; and I conscientiously believe that the mode
proposed by my friends and myself would prove the
best means of attaining the object.
I admit, with regret, that some very dangerous
symptoms exist in both countries at the present mo-
ment. The whole press of Great Britain—her maga-
zines and quarterlies, and all, without distinction of
sect or party—for the last two years, has teemed
with abuse of America, and all that is American.
Our institutions, our literature, and everything con-
nected with us, have been :■ ubjects of perpetual
vituperation. Such abuse is unexampled at any
former period of her history. Tints the minds of
the British people have been inflamed into national
hostility against us.
And. on the other hand, what is the state of pub-
lic feeling among ourselves? Although there are
many, especially m our large cities, who entertain
an affectionate feeling towards England, (insomuch
that, on a srreat public oc-astoti in the largest of
these cities, the health of "the President of the
United States" was drunk in silence, whilst that of
"Queen Victoria" was received with thunders of
applause,) yet, among the great mass of our people,
a very different feeling prevails. They still remem-
ber the wrongs they have endured in days past; they
remember these, perhaps, with too deep a sensibili-
ty. And although senators on this floor may please
their cars with terms of mutual endearment by styl-
ing the two nations "the mother" and "the
daughter," yet a vast majority of our countrymen
are penetrated with the conviction that, towards us,
England has ever actpd the part of a cruel step-
mother. It is this deep-wrought conviction, these
associations of former scenes with the universal
abuse at present poured out upon us by the British
press and people, which lie at the foundation of the
national enmity which now too extensively pre-
vails. It is these injuries on the one side, and their
remembrance 011 the other, which keeps up the ill
blood between the two countries. There is surely
nothing in the existing relations between them
which will cause our people to forget that there is
one calamity still worse than war itself, and that is
the sacrifice of national honor.
I repeat the declaration, that, for myself, I am
deeply anxious to preserve peace. There is noth-
ing like blustering m my nature; and the use of lan-
guage of such a character would be unworthy ot
ourselves. Besides, it could produce no possible
effect upon the power with whom we have this con-
troversy, and would injure rather than advance our
cause. I am, notwithstanding, in favor of asserting
our rights in a manly tone, and in a fearless manner.
The time has, I believe, come, when it is dangerous
any longer to tamper with the Oi eg on question. So
far as my voice majr go, I shall refuse longer to de-
lay the settlement of this question. I shall not con-
sent to its postponement. 1 would send our people
west of the Rocky mountains whenever they may
choose to go; but' I would send them there under
the protection and restraint of law; and if I did not
in my heart believe this to be the best mode of in-
suring to us the possession of our own territory,
and preserving the national peace in company with
the national honor, I should not so long have de-
tained the Senate m presenting my views on this
important subject.
I v St:\ati:, March 20, 1844.
Extract fmm the remarks of Mr. Buchanan in reply to
Mr. Rives, on the subject of the map of George III.
After (at the request of Mr. Buchanan) extracts
from the speeches of Sir Robert Peel and Lord
Brougham had been read by the secretary from
Hansard's Parliamentary Debates, containing all
they had said on the subject of this map—which will
he found in the appendix—Mr. Buchnnan proceeded
to say, that after the reading of these extracts, it would
require but few observations from him to establish
his first position; which was, that the British gov-
ernment, at the time when they sent Lord Ashburton
here to negotiate a treaty, were in possession of a
map of such high authority, and such undoubted
authenticity, that in the opinion both of Sir Robert
Peel, the prime minister of England, and Lord
Brougham, its production would have settled the
northeastern boundary question, beyond all further
controversy, in favor of the United States. In order
to illustrate the conclusive character of this map, it
might be necessary to make a very few observa-
tions.
Richard Oswald was the sole negotiator, on the
part of Great Britain, of the provisional articles of
the treaty of peace, concluded with the United States
at Paris, on the 30th November, 1782. He, Mr. B.,
had carefully compared the article of this treaty de-
fining the boundaries of the United States, with the
corresponding article in the definitive treaty of peace
concluded on the 3d September, 1783, and found
them to be identically the same,—word for word.
It was clear, therefore, that Mr. Oswald's treaty had
fixed the boundaries of the United States; and that,
in this respect, the subsequent treaty of 1783, nego-
tiated by David Hartley, on the part of Great Brit-
ain, was but a -mere copy and ratification of the
treaty of 1782.
it was well known that George the Third prized
his North American colonies as the most precious
je\wl in his crown. He had adhered to thein with
the grasp of fctte; ■ 1.1 c! even when, at one time, Lord
North w<is willing to bring the war to a conclusion
bv acknowledging their independence, the King,
still hoping ngainst hope, that he might ultimately
he able to subdue them, insisted on its continuance,
a little longer. Jt was notorious to the whole world
that he felt the deepest interest in the question. Was
it not, then, highly probable—nay, was it not abso-
lutely certain, that when ?>dr. Oswald returned from
Paris, after concluding the provisional treaty, the
very first inquiry of his sovereign would be,—
where is the boundary line of my dominions m
America' Show me on the map what portion of
them the treaty has retained, and what portion it
has surrendered. Besides, such an inquiry would
fell m with one of the King's peculiar tastes, for he
"was (says Sir Robert Peel) particularly curious in
respect to geographical inquiries."
George the Third, as history represented him,
