March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
28th Cong.....*1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
was probably, to a certain extent, a man of narrow
prejudices; but he was a sovereign of sound judg-
ment, and incorruptible personal integrity. 'Those
best calculated to judge of his abilities had spoken
of them in the most favorable terms. Mr. B. here
referred to the account which had been given by
Mr. Wesley and Dr. Johnson of their interviews
with him. When Mr. Adams, our first minister to
Great Britain, after the treaty of peace, was pre-
sented to the Iving, his declaration was character-
istic and honorable: "I have been the last man in
niy dominions to accede to this peace which sepa-
rates America from my kingdom: I will be the first
man, now it is made, to resist any attempt to in-
fringe it." It now appeared that there had been
found in his private library a map, on which was
marked a boundary line between his North Ameri-
can provinces and the United States, which gave us
the whole of the disputed territory; and if this had
been all, the fact might possibly have been explain-
ed consistently with the claims of Great Britain,
s But, according to the testimony of Sir Robert Peel,
on this "broad red line" there was marked, in four
different places, not merely the "words "boundary of
the United States," nor yet "boundary of Mr. Os-
wald's treaty;" but these emphatic word—"Boun-
dary, a3 described by our negotiator, Mr. Oswald."
Was not this convincing—conclusive proof, that
either Mr. Oswald had marked this boundary line,
or that it had been done by some person under his
direction, at the request of George ill himself5 But
even this was not all: Lord Brougham had express-
ed the opimen in the House of Lords, from the in-
formation he had received, that the words, "Boun-
dary, as described by our negotiator, Mr. Oswald,"
was in the proper hand-writing of that sovereign.
After all ihis, well might Sir Robert Peel declare
that he did not believe "that that claim of Greet
Britain was well founded; that it is a claim which
the negotiators intended to ratify;" and well might
Lord Brougham say, in his characteristic manner,
that the production of this map by Lord Ashburton
would have shown "that he had not a leg to stand
upon," and that it "entirely destroys all our conten-
tion, and gives all to the Americans."
Here, then, was the highest and most conclusive
evidence against the British claim. Here was the
acknowledgment of the British sovereign himself,
under his own hand, from whose kingdom the
American colonics had been wrested, that the boun-
dary described by his own negotiator m the trea-
ty of peace gave the whole of the disputed territo-
ry to the United States. Here was the confession
against himself, of the individual interested, above
all others, in the question, and made long before
any controversy had arisen on the subject. It was
highly probable—nay, almost certain—that this map,
found in the library of George III, was the very
map from which Mr. Faden, the British royal ge-
ographer, drew his map of 1783, mentioned by Sir
Robert Peel, which also gave to the United States
all the territory m dispute.
But the Senator from Virginia had contended
that there was no evidence to prove that Lord Ash-
burton, when he concluded his treaty, had any
knowledge of the existence of this map; had declared
that if it were in his possession, when he assured
Mr. Webster, in the most solemn manner, that it
was his belief that the negotiators of the tieaty of
1782 meant to throw all the waters which were,
tributary to the river St. John within the British
territory, it was impossible he could, with honor,
have made such an asseveration; and that, admit-
ting the map to be as he (Mr. B.) had described it,
"no epithet in the language would be strong enough
to express the infamy which must brand any gov-
ernment which could conduct its high diplomatic
intercourse in such a manner."
Now, sir, let me, in the first place, do justice to
myself, as well as to Lord Ashburton." After a
careful examination of the debate as reported by
Hansard, the highest authority, and which he had
never before seen, he most cheerfully admitted that
the reference in the, following sentence of Sir Robert
Peel, was to Loid Palmerston and not to Lord Ash-
burton: "That man was m possession of the late
King, and it was also in possession of ike noble lord;
but he did not communicate its contents to Mr.
Webster." From the newspaper reports of the de-
bate which he had read, he ha'd never doubted—he
had never heard it doubted by any person, but that
the reference was to Lord Ashburton. He had
been convinced of his error, however, by Hansard s
report of the debate, and it afforded him great plea-
gyre to retract it.
But, did it not require a mantle of charity broader
than had ever been cast over any individual, to be-
lieve that the British government, being in posses-
sion of such a map—a map with such marks of au-
thenticity and such claims to the most conclusive
authority—would have sent out Lord Ashburton to
negotiate a treaty in relation to the very boundary'
which it described, and yet have left him in igno-
rance of its existence? Would they not, at, least,
have furnished him a copy of it? for he supposed the
original was too precious to be suffered to leave the
Foreign Office. It was possible Lord Ashburton's
character stood so high, as a man of honor and in-
tegrity, that the British ministry might have deemed
it unsafe to intrust him with such a secret, so fatal
to their claims, from an apprehension that he might
prove unwilling to exert himself in a cause which
he would then have known to be so bad. A4r. B.
hoped this might prove to be the fact; and declared
that if it should be made clcarly to appear, or if
Lord Ashburton himself would disclaim that he had
any knowledge of the existence of such a map, his
opinion of that gentleman was so high he would rise
instantly iu his place and do him justice.
There 'rus one sentence in Sir Robert Peel's
speech, in which he observed that Lord Ashburton
"had a rig ht to presume that he was sent abroad in
possession of all the elements of information on
which a satisfactory conclusion could he come to "
Undoubtedly he had a right thus to presume; and
if this map had been concealed from him, he
would have had just cause of complaint. If
Lord Ashburton was not present at the debate,
(and gentlemen informed him that he was not,) he was
undoubtedly one of the first persons who read the
report of it the next morning in the London jour-
nals. Now, if I he government had left him in igno-
rance of the existence of a document so important
in relation to his mission—a map from the King's
own library—should we not have heard some
explanation from him? Would he not, at once,
on the floor of the House of Lords, have in-
dignantly denounced the conceal) unit from him of
such a proof of the justice of our claims—a. con-
cealment which had caused him erroneously to give
to Mr. Webster the most solemn personal assu-
rances of his deep conviction of the justice of the
British claim* Would not the speeches of Sir Rob-
ert Peel and Lord Brougham, and the factof the ex-
istence of this map which they disclosed, have so
nearly touched his sense of honor, that he could not
have remained silent? Would he not at once have
explained to us and to the whole world the position
in which he had been left by the British ministry?
Mr. B. said, it miqht be that he did not know of the
existence of the map; but he was greatly afraid that
Lord Ashburton entertained the same views of the
duty of a ffegotiator which had been avowed by Sir
Robert Peel in the House of Commons, and Lord
Brougham m the. House of Lords—that he was no
more bound to produce any evidence which might
operate against the interest of his own government,
no matter how unfounded their claim might be, than
a lawyer was hound to disclose testimony which
might injure his chent. It was for this reason that,
in referring to Lord Ashburton's conduct, he hod
studiously confined himself to the facts alone, and
hod avoided the use of all epithets.
But the senator from Virginia had gone further,
and expressed his doubts as to whether the present
British ministers themselves had any knowledge of
the existence of this map of George the Thud, when
they sent Lord Ashhurron upon hi*-9 minion. He
would examine this position for a few moments.
How had this map been removed from the King's
library* It was stated that the entire library of his
father had been given by the munificence of George
IV to the British Museum. From Uunee it was re-
moved to the Foreign Office during the time when
Lord Palmerston was Secretary for Foreign Affairs,
and placed among the archives of that department.
Could it then be possible that the present British
ministry were not aware of its existence? A
map of such high importance, transferred fiom the
British Museum, where it was public, (aoubtless lest
the eye of smne prying American might rest upon it,)
to the Foreign Office, and yet the successor of Lord
Palmerston remain ignorant of its existence! A doc-
ument the most important of any 011 the face of the
earth for its bearing on the proposed treaty with
this country, and yet the British Minister for For-
eign Affairs know nothing concerning ir while pre-
paring the instructions for Lord Ashburton! It
was impossible to imagine that some one of the offi-
cials in the Foreign Office, when Lord Aberdeen was
investigating the subject, should not have brought
this all-important document to his notice, even if we
bould suppose he had before been ignorant of its ex-
istence. if Lord Palmerston had removed it from
the Foreign Office on his own retirement, this fact
would heve been stated by Sir Robert Peel, and he
would have declared that it had never come to his
knowledge. Yet, throughout his remarks, he spoke
of it as he would have done of any other well known
document, without the slightest intimation that the
present ministry had been ignorant of its existence.
Now, in the face of all that had transpired, both
in the House of Commons and the House of Lords,
the senator from Virginia had produced an anony-
mous note appended to a pamphlet containing Mr,
Gallatin's memoir on the northeastern boundary, in
which the unknown author says: "We have author-
ity for stating that Lord Aberdeen has said that he
was not personally aware of the existence of this
map till after the conclusion of the treaty; and that
Lord Ashburton was equally ignorant of it till his
return to England."
This was said; but by whom* Not by Lord Ab-
erdeen—not by Lord Ashburton. Neither of them
had ever made such a declaration in the House of
Lords. Had any person ever disputed the fact that
this map was in the Foreign Office when Sir Robert
Peel and Lord Aberdeen came into power, more
than a year before the date of Lord Ashburton*s
mission? It was impossible that this map should
have escaped the notice of Lord Aberdeen, unless it
had been criminally kept a profound secret from him,
for some mysterious and unaccountable reason, by
the officials whose duty it was to place in his hands
all the information relative to this most important ne-
gotiation. Lord Aberdeen had never accused them
of any such concealment. The time to have dis-
claimed all knowledge of the existence of the map
was when the whole subject was under debate in
Parliament, and when Sir Robert Peel acknowledged
before the world that the claim which the British
government had set up against us for a portion of
our territory was unfounded. The assertion in that
note might he true: it was possible; but it was
scarcely within the limits of the most remote proba
bility.
But this anonymous writer had gone still further,
and had even castdoubts upon the correctness of Han
sard's report of the debate in the House of Commons
—stating that, according to another report, Sir Rob-
ert Peel, instead of asserting that he did not believe
the British claim was well-founded, had stated his
belief that it was well-founded. What report this
could have been, was not stated. But could such
an assertion in an anonymous note weigh a feather
against the report in Hansard's Parliamentary De-
bates? A mail writing under no responsibility,
might make any assertion he pleased. Air. B. did
not know whether these speeches in Hansard were or
were not revised by the speakers themselves; but he
knew that they were considered the most authentic
reports of any that were published.
The senator from Virginia, impelled by his own
high sense of honor, had declared that no epithet in
our language could be strong enough to express the
infamy of any government which conducted the
high intercourse of its diplomacy in such a manner
as would justly he inferred from the concealment of
a map like this by the British ministry. But can
doubt longer remain as to the fact of concealment on
then- part; In the House of Lords, Lord Aberdeen
had been sitting by Lord Brougham when he made
the speech from which extracts had been read to the
Senate, and when he had ridiculed the idea with
scorn That the British government were under any
obligation to produce this map. Nay, more: Lord
Aberdeen had several times been appealed to by
Lord Brougham in the course of his address; and
yet he e?:pves«ed no dissent, but sat in silence.
Now Mr. B., whilst lie agreed with the senator
from Virginia as to the immorality of such conduct,
could not think that it descried such severe censure
as had been applied to it. But did not the honora-
ble senator perceive that all the severity of his lan-
guage now applied, in its fullest force—in all its
length and breadth—to the present British ministry?
He agreed with the senator that diplomacy was
now conducted in a fairer and franker manner than
it had been in ancient times; and he could never con-
cur in the doctrine put forth by Lord Brougham, as
to the lawfulness of concealing all evidence which
made against our own side of the question in a na-
tional dispute. According to the maxims of the
ancient diplomacy and the doctrine of Lord Brough-
am; a negotiator bound to act for bin country
