354
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st
The Tariff—Mr. Evans.
Senate.'
Experience proves this. What do the tobacco
growers of this country now complain of, but that
the high duties imposed on that article by other
nations, operate to reduce their profits? that a part,
and no small part, of the fruits of their industry goes
into the exchequers of foreign governments? X shall
recur to this illustration hereatter. ,
The honorable senator, in the next place, pro-
ceeded to discuss the character of the act of 1842,
by which additional duties were imposed on foreign
merchandise. Asa revenue measure, he says it has
"fraud and deception stamped on the very face of
it"—"that it was not designed for purposes of rev-
enue, but for purposes of plunder"—"that it is de-
structive of commerce"—"that it is a foul and faith-
less violation of the compromise act"—"that it is
iniquitous, oppressive, and unjust"—and "that it is
a monster which only requires to be. stripped of
the veil which conceals it, to be universally execra-
ted."
I propose, Mr. President, notwithstanding the
warmth of these denunciations, to say something in
dcfence of this act, and to examine it in the various
aspects in which the senator has preseiited it; and
first, as regards its effect upon the revenue. The
honorable senator has founded his argument on this
head, upon a very few facts. He furnishes a sched-
ule of a small number of dutiable articles, the rev-
enue from which, under any rate of duty, has al-
ways been quite inconsiderable. Finding that the
rate of duty upon them is very high, he infers or as-
serts that the importation of them is nearly, if not
wholly prohibited, and that no act which has this
effect, in any instance, can be called a revenue act.
The principle which the senator thinks should be
observed, in framing a revenue law, is to take each
article by itself, and to assess on it such a rate of
duty as will admit of the largest importation, and
yield the most to the treasury. I submit, sir,
whether this be the true rule. Every article has rela-
tion to every other article. The free importation of
some may occasion a very diminished importation of
others. A diminished import or a total prohibition
of some, may render necessary or profitable a large
import of others, yielding a larger amount of rev-
enue. An act laying duties, therefore, must be re-
garded as a whole, and not in insulated and detached
parts. The true rule would seem to be, so to gradu-
ate and adjust the duties upon the various descrip-
tions of articles imported, that upon the whole mass,
and not upon each separate parcel, the largest
amount of revenue may be derived. You are to
look to the aggregate of the duties received, in order
to judge of the character of the law. Does the hon-
orable senator suppose that his bill, if it should be-
come a law, will yield a larger amount of revenue
than fche act of 18-12 yields? He appears to take it for
proven that such will be the case, when he has
shown that, under its provisions, some ot the articles,
separately considered, will furnish more than they
do now. Possibly, under his bill, several descrip-
tions of merchandise may be imported more exten-
sively than they are at present, and may yield more
revenue than they now yield. But might they not
exclude oilier importations, which yield us more
null? Might they not dimmish consumption, by di-
minishing the ability of the people to buy? Reve-
nue is not derived from importation merely. There
must be consumption also. If not consumed, for-
eign fabrics will cease to be imported, and thru reve-
nue must cease also. Whatever stimulates consump-
tion, or, which is the same thing, whatever adds to
the ability of the people of the country to purchase,
adds to the importations, and adds to the revenue!
Suppose, that by reason of high duties, or by direct
prohibition, you exclude foreign fabrics from the
country, winch under a moderate duty would yield
five or ten thousand dollars to the revenue: do you
necessarily impair the revenue to that extent? Not if,
by reason of inch exclusion, you call into exercise
American industry for the supply of the article,
to such all extent as to enable hundreds or thou-
sands of our people, by the profitable employ-
ment they obtain, to become purchasers and
consumers of other commodities, necessaries,
and luxuries, which they could riot otherwise have
enjoyed, and upon which an equal or greater amount
of levenue is collected, than there would have been
upon the articles thus excluded. The entire prohi-
bition of one commodity, or of several, which would
furnish some revenue, may, indeed, be ultimately
beneficial to the treasury This is the case when-
ever the exclusion of it s;ives occasion or creates a
a.-mand for an enlarged importation of other com-
modities, upon which a higher duty js exacted.
This, sir, is experience. Gentlemen are often
quite at a loss to comprehend how it is that we ex-
pect foreign imports to increase, when additional
duties have been imposed upon them. It is because
we look to the aggregate of the merchandise im-
ported. Particular descriptions of goods may fall
off, some may be prohibited entirely, but the whole
mass is increased. The consumption of the coun-
try will always be in proportion to its ability to pur-
chase. • Whenever you advance industry, and give
labor employment which it had not before, when
you enable laborers to clothe themselves and their
families better than they did before, and obtain more
of the necessaries and comforts of life, and especially
to become consumers of luxuries to which they were
strangers, you enlarge the number of consumers of
dutiable imports, you make a new class which did
not exist before, and you necessarily increase the
imports and increase the revenue.
It is now, Mr. President, something over two
hundred years, I believe, since a great revolution
was accomplished in the intellectual and philosophi-
cal world, by one of the most distinguished men that
has ever lived in the annals of English history. A
man so proudly eminent for his intellect and his ge-
nius, but so notorious for humiliating defects of char-
acter, that one of the greatest of England's poets de-
scribed him as the "greatest, wisest, meanest of man-
kind." However that may have been, it is certain
he achieved a very great intellectual revolution; and
discovered, or applied if he did not discover, a new
process of reasoning—a new mode for the ascertain-
ment of truth—a new avenue to knowledge. The
system of reasoning which he established, has been
called the inductive process; and that which it super-
seded, and overthrew, may be denominated the syl-
logistic, or scholastic. The great difference between
the old and the new philosophy was this: the old
adopted some pre-established theory—abstract spec-
ulations—by which it endeavored to explain all facts,
and with which it labored to make them consistent.
The new consisted in a careful observation of facts
and events, and from them, and from experience, de-
ducing truths, and principles, and applying them to
the daily concerns of life. Now, with great respect,
for the honorable senator from South Carolina, I
must say, that he seems to have gone back to the
old and exploded system of reasoning. He adopts
theories—speculations; and, however opposed to
them are daily occurring facts, the theories must
nevertheless stand.
The honorable senator asserts that the imposition
of additional duties by the act of 1842 has been de-
structive of the revenue—has largely impaired our
commerce—and has produced grievous burdens by
enhancing prices. He asserts this, because his pre-
established theory is, that all duties are restraints on
commerce—that the higher the duties the greater
are the restraints—and the greater the restaints the
smaller the revenue. According to these fixed prin-
ciples, he contends that the act of 1842 has produced
these disastrous effects. But what is our ex-
perience on this head? How are the facts? He can-
not but admit that the revenue has not actually
declined, but has increased. He cannot deny
that prices of foreign merchandise have generally
declined. These are notorious facts, but he will
say they are facts consistent with his theory. He
will say this has taken place not in consequence of
that act, but in spite of it. That was very much the
way in which the old logicians got rid of obstinate
facts which came in conflict with their theories, and
a very easy and convenient way it was. Now, sir,
T propose to examine this matter, not by the. rigid
rules of any speculative theory, but accordingto
facts and experience. I propose to examine the
practical operations of this act—its workings and its
hearings upon all the interests which the honorable
senator says have been so deeply affected by it.
There is no difficulty in observing them. The
sources of information are at Land, and open to us
if we will lint explore them. And in the first place!
I desire to examine this act, so reprobated, in its ef-
fects upon the treasury—as a revenue measure
merely.
I observe it stated every now and then in some of
the daily newspapers, that the revenue of the gov-
vernment, under the pressure of this act, is rapidly
declining—that the public debt is increasing, and
that unless the, iunll of duties be reduced, so as to
yield more revenue, a resort to other modes of taxa-
tion will be necessary. When the honorable sena-
tor from South Carolina brought in the bill which is
now before us, modifying that act, he seemed, as
did also his friend near him, to indulge the same ap-
prehension. Something must be done, they said,
to supply the treasury—something to enlarge our
means of carrying on the government, and to save
the public credit. Now, sir, what are the facts in
regard to this? How does the revenue of 1843, ob-
tained under the act, compare with that of 1842,
prior to the act? The whole receipts from the im-
ports of 1842, into the treasury, were about thirteen
millions of dollars, the rate of duty upon dutia-
ble commodities being about twenty-three per cent.
The whole receipt from the imports of 1843, were
about seventeen millions of dollars, the average rate
of duty being something over 34 per cent. What
is the result of the comparison? We have added
over four millions to the revenue. How does it
bear on the honorable senator's doctrine, that low
duties increase the revenue? A rate of 23 per cent.,
which is somewhat above the point aimed at by the
senator, yielded but thirteen millions; while a rate of
34 per cent, yielded seventeen millions: which is the
revenue point? Can any thing be plainer, than that
the act of 1842 has occasioned no actual dimin-
ution of revenue? And, in my judgment, it is
equally plain that it has added four millions to it.
Now, as to the relative imports in the two years:
we have a recent report from the Treasury Depart-
ment, showing that the amount of imports for the
commercial year ending September 30, 1843, was
about eighty-eight millions; being a falling off, I ad-
mit, of ten or twelve millions from the year ending
September, 1842. But this does not present a fair
comparison, by which the effect of the act of 1842 is
to be estimated. That act went into operation about
the first of September in that year. The imports of
the last quarter of 1842 and the first quarter of 1843,
were very light, occasioned not at all by the passage
of that act, but by the general prostration of busi-
ness, and the uncertainty which hung over the legis-
lation of Congress. At the last session of Congress
this subject was discussed in this body, and the
honorable senator then referred to the falling off ill
the imports in the last quarter of 1842, as evidence
of the prohibitory character of the act. I replied
then, as I reply now, that the decline was not in con-
secquence of the law; and I ventured to predict that
the imports would largely increase in the third and
fourth quarters of the year. That prediction has been
fulfilled. He then assumed that the revenue of the
year would not exceed ten or twelve millions. I
expressed a confident conviction that it would be
fully seventeen millions. The result confirms my
anticipations. While the law was in agitation, and
uncertainty hung over its final passage—while mer-
chants and importers could not foresee what rates of
duty would be imposed, and how prices abroad
might be affected by it, they abstained from giving
orders for foreign merchandise.
Such orders are generally given several months
before the goods are wantedf, or expected to arrive.
The spring importations are ordered in the preceding
autumn—and the fall importations in the spring.
Six months, I presume, may fairly be considered as
the average period of orders in advance. During
the spring and summer of 1842, while the tariff act
was under consideration, few orders went forward.
We anticipated the falling off which happened in
the two following quarters; but we also anticipated,
what has happened, that as soon as the law should
become understood, and its effects on business and
on prices, at home and abroad, should be seen,
commercial operations would recommence, imports
would increase, and a wholesome revival in all the
pursuits and branches of industry would take place.
We have not been disappointed in these expecta-
tions. Compare the imports of the second ana third
quarters of 1843, after the law had gone into full
operation, after time had been given to observe its
effects, with the imports of the previous quarters.
Tn the last quarter of 1842, immediately succeeding
the passage of the law, the amount of dutiable arti-
cles imported was about seven and a quarther mil-
lions. In the next quarter, about ten and a quarter.
In the second quarter of 1843, they amounted to
eleven and a half millions; a great increase,
when you consider that, generally, the larger
portion of the spring importations are made
m the first quarter. 1 doubt whether another
instance can be found, for many yeais past, where,
as in tills case, the imports of the second quarter
exceeded those of the first. It is attributable to the
fact, that immediately upon the enactment of the
law of 1842, when the policy of the government was
seen and understood, importers transmitted their
orders, which began to be supplied in the second
quarter of this year. These orders had been pre-
