340
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill granting a pension to George Wliit-
ten; which was read, and ordered to a second read-
ing, and, with the report accompanying, ordered to
be printed.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of the widow of George B. Mc-
Culloch, late an officer in the navy, for a restoration
of pension; and it was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. E., from the same committee, made an adverse
report on the petition of Josiah Barto for a pension;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
DEW-ROTTED HEMP.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that, a few days ago, he
gave notice of his intention to introduce a joint, reso-
lution on the subject of dew-rotted hemp. It had
been discovered that the American farmers could
raise hemp, and dew-rot it, so as to make it much
superior in some respects to the water-rotted hemp
of Russia. The process was so simple, that any
farmer.could raise it on his land, and prepare it for
use. With a view to test the quality of the dew-
rotted hemp, (and, if found as good for the purposes
of the United States as the foieignhemp, to encour-
age its culture,) he had prepared a joint resolution.
It was introduced, read twiee, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
[The resolution proposes to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Navy to cause a sloop-of-war to be rigged
with cords made of American dew-rotted hemp by
Ren wick and Graves, of the city of Buffalo; and after
the same has been in servicg,one year, to report to
Congress its character and quality; the price to be
paid per pound for which, is not to exceed thirteen
cents. The Secretary is also authorized to purchase
tiomthcma quantity not exceeding ten ton, pre-
pared for spinning, and cause the same to be manu-
factured into cords.]
The repoit accompanying was ordered to be
printed.
.STEREOTYPE EDITION OF THE LAWS OF THE
UNITED STATES.
Mr. CHOATE, from the Joint Committee 011 the
Library, reported a joint resolution authorizing the
Attorney General to contract for copies of a pro-
posed sleieotype edition of the laws and treaties of
the United States; which was read, and ordeied to
a second reading; and, with the report accompanying,
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims was discharged from the
following subjects, and they were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, viz: The memorial of
Josiah Garland, praying that a patent may issue to
lnm for a tract of land; and the petition of a number
of settlers on the public lands, in the State of Louis-
iana, praying to be secured in their rights of pre-
emption.
IMPROVEMENT OF RIVERS.
The bill to grant a certain quantity of land to aid
in the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
livers, and to connect the same by a canal in the
Teiritory of Wisconsin, c;nne up in its order 011 the
calendai—the question pending being, Shall the bill
be engrossed for a third reading?
Mr. HAYWOOD moved to amend the bill by
adding, as an additional section, the following, viz:
"That the lands appropriated by the bill shall be
taken by Wisconsin, in part of the 500,000 acres se-
cured 01* pledged to said Territory when it shall be-
come a State, by force of the 8th section of the act
of 4th September, 1841, entitled, "An act to appropri-
ate the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, and
to grant pre-emption rights.' "
M r, TALLMA DGE said he did not deem it neces-
saiy to add another word in addition to what he had
heretofore said 111 support of the bill. It contem-
plated the construction of a great national work,
without cost to the federal government. With ref-
erence to the amendment, lie would only say that
the 500,000 acres, from which it was proposed to
deduct the quantity granted by this bill, was 500,000
acres granted to every State and Territory in the
Union. It was granted to the Territories to put
them on a footing with the new States. He trusted
the amendment would not receive the sanction of the
Senate.
Mr. HAYWOOD trusted the Senate would be-
stow on this bill a small portion of its time. The
proposition to make over three or four hundred i
thousand dollars should at least claim a few mo-
ments' attention on the part of the Senate of the
United States. The last Congress passed a law
providing for the distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands—to all the peculiar circumstances of
which he need not allude; and in the eighth section
of that law was a provision which granted to all the
States in which there were public lands, 500,000
acres of land; and that part of the law was not sus-
pended. It further provided that the Territories
should be entitled to a like donation of500,000 acres,
upon being admitted as States; and under the opera-
tion of that section, upon Wisconsin becoming a
State of this Union, the government of the United
States was pledged to pay that State, as such,
500,000 acres of the public domain. Anticipating
the period when this was to occur, might not this
donation of 500,000 acres of land be made to the
Territory of Wisconsin, for the pnrpose of carry-
ing into effect the proposed improvement, and be
deemed, upon that Territory becoming a State, a dis-
charge of the pledge heretofore made by the general
government'. He appealed to those who professed
themselves friends of the doctrine of an equal dis-
tribution of the public domain, and wished to know
why that course should not be pursued?
The law was equitable, or it was not. If not, it
was an imposition on the public. If it was equita-
ble, he asked the Senate what reason could be given,
consistent with those which had been urged previ-
ous to the pledge, for granting now 350,000 acres of
land to the Territory of Wisconsin, and not have it
deducted from the donation to which she would be
entitled upon becoming a State, under the operation
of the distribution law? Before bestowing that much
land, all he asked of the advocates of the measure
was, that the .350,000 acres proposed to be granted
should be considered as part of that donation which
Congress, at the last session, had pledged itself to
give. To that portion of the Senate who were in
favor of this policy, he made this appeal; and to
those who were opposed to it, it was not neceseary
to make an appeal, since an appeal presented itself
without argument or statement.
Mr. TALLMADGE said that, in regard to the
500,000 acres granted to the Territory of Wisconsin,
he had some instrumentality in procuring the grant,
during the period of the passage of the distribution
law. As that bill came from the House, it provided
that 500,000 acres should be given to each of the
new States. He (Mr. T.) got an amendment in-
serted in the bill, granting to such of the Territories
as might come into the Union 500,000 acres, to be
selected within their own borders. This was only
putting them on an equality with the new States.
That was the purpose for which the grant was made
—to restore them, at the time of their admission in-
to the Union, to an equality with the new States-al-
ready admitted. It was granted for the purpose of
being disposed of by the legislatures of those States,
when they become States, and not by the federal
legislatures now, to be disposed of by their own le-
gislatures, not for the benefit of the whole country,
but for the peculiar benefit of the States. The sena-
tor from North Carolina now wanted to take from
that Territory that which puts her on an equality
with the other States, in order to make an improve-
ment for the benefit of the general government—an
improvement, too, which would so increase the val-
ue of the public land, where the grant Vas proposed
to be located, as would save the government from
any loss in consequence of such grant.
Mr. TAPPAN was understood to say that the
bill should be so amended as to declare either that
the grant proposed to be made should 1* inclusive
or exclusive of the 500,000 acres of land granted to
the Territories by the distribution bill. He was not
willing to make the grant without some such declar-
ation was inseitedin the bill.
Mr. PORTER read from the 8th section of the
distribution bill the condition on which the 500,600
acres were granted to the Territories; which was,
that the grant should include such quantity of land
as may be granted to them before they come into
the Union as States. He did not, therefore, deem
the amendment of the senator from North Carolina
necessary.
Mr. ALLEN said he desired to vote understand-
ing^ upon this bill and the several amendments
which had been offered; but he could not do so with-
out knowing precisely what its present form was.
He would suggest, therefore, to the gentleman hav-
ing charge of the bill, if it would not be advisable to
let it lie on the table for the present, with a view of
having the amendments printed. He made this sug-
gestion because he did not believe that iOne senator
out of three knew precisely what the form of the
bill now was. They heard about grants; but there
was no talk about grantees. They did notkr. ow who
was take those grants, or who was to have ti ie dis-
semination of the funds which were to be derives from
the sales of the lands. If he understood the m, itter
rightly, there was something incongruous in talk uig
about making grants of lands to the Territory- .of
Wisconsin, and trusting the disbursement of the pro--
ceeds arising from the sale ot these lands to the ofii--
cers of the federal government. For this reason, and
in order that the Senate might know precisely how
to act upon the several propositions, he said, in jus-
tice to the friends of this measure—for he was not
yet aware that he was its enemy—the best plan wass
to let it lie on the table, that the amendments might
be printed. He therefore made a motion to that
effect.
Mr. WALKER remarked that he would have no
objection to the postponement of the bill till to-mor-
row; but really it had been so repeatedly postponed,
and the session was now so far advanced, that, if it
was not speedily acted upon, it would be destroyed
merely for want of time. He believed this wasi
about the sixth or seventh time that the bill had
been called up for consideration, and laid upon the,
table. It had been debated at considerable length;,
and, unless speedy action could be had upon it,
there would be no time left for it to pass through
the two Houses of Congress. He was in favor of
this measure. He believed the improvement pro-
posed to be carried into effect was of great import-
ance, as well to the United States as to the Territory
of Wisconsin. Both would be benefited by it; and
there would be no loss occasioned by it to the pub-
lic treasury: on the contrary, there would be a;
gain. For all these reasons, being deeply interested.
111 the performance of the work, he would object to
laying it again on the table, unless his friend front
Ohio [Mr. Allen] felt disposed to call it up to-mor-
row morning.
Mr. ALLEN observed that he would state the.
object of his motion. It was to enable him to under-
stand what the terms of the bill were, and not for
the purpose of delaying it. He was not aware how
he should vote upon this subject, and could not be
aware until he saw precisely the form which it had
assumed. With regard to calling it up, that would
not properly be his province. It should be dona
by some gentleman a member of the committee.
When the motion to call it up should be made, he
would most cheerfully acquiesce in it.
Mr. TAPPAN said he had prepared an amend-
ment, which he would submit, should the amend-
ment proposed by the senator from North Carolina
fail. It was read, as follows: "That the land hereby
appropriated shall not be included in the quantity of
land to which Wisconsin will be entitled under the
eighth section of the act of September 4,1841, entitled
'An act to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands, and to grant pre-emption rights,'
when the said Territory shall form a State govern-
ment, to be admitted into the Union."
The bill was then ordered to lie on the table till
to-morrow, and to be printed, with the amendments
adopted and the amendments proposed.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTORS.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
bill to afford relief to certain contractors with the
government.
Mr. BAYARD said, when the bill was last before
the Senate, he had proposed several amendments to
it; he wished to withdraw those, and substitute the
following as an additional section:
"Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to
extend the time for performing a certain contract
within the 20th day of July 1842, with the Tredagar
Iron Company of Richmond, in the State of Virginia,
for furnishing 100 thirty-two pounder cannon, with
100 solid shot to each, upon such terms as he shall
deem equitable and just, in his opinion, if the same
can be done without injury or inconvenience to the
public interest.
Mr. HAYWOOD rose to express the anxiety he
felt, that the Senate should understandv precisely
what they were about to vote for. Certain persons
having existing contracts with the United States for
furnishing the navy with guns, ammunitions, provi-
sions, and every other article required by law, had
failed to' comply with the agreement made between
them and the government. The failure had on-
