Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi,
355
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
$7,228,502
10,441,567
11,491,228
19,634,059
viously withheld, for the reasons I have already
suggested. Look how at tho imports of the third
quarter of 1843. Generally, the amount of imports
in that quarter is nearly the same as that of the first
quarter of the year; but the dutiable imports of the
third quarter of 1843 amounted to the sum of nine-
teen millions six hundred thousand dollars. 1 regret
that I have not been able to obtain the precise
amount of those of the fourth quarter; but enough
is already ascertained, to show that they will greatly
exceed those of the second, with which they may
usually be compared. It is evident, sir, from this
examination, that since the act of 1842 has gone
into fair operation, the imports have been increas-
ing, and, consequently, the revenue has been im-
proving. The improvement has been steady and
constant. I repeat the amounts in the different
quarters:
Dutiable imports.
4th quarter of 1842
1st quarter of 1843
2d quarter of 1843
3d quarter of 1843
The accruing duties have kept pace with the im-
provement in the imports:
Gross duties.
4th quarter of 1842 - $2,566,438
1st quarter of 1843 - 3,391,876
2d quarter of 1843 - 4,376,356
3d quarter of 1843 - - - 6,659,357
With these undeniable facts before us, how can
the honorable senator say, or how can it anywhere
be supposed, ihat the revenue of the government is
declining, and the treasury m danger of bankruptcy?
There is another fact worth mentioning, which runs
directly counter to the theory of the senator from
South Carolina. The free articles imported in the
third quarter of 1843 amounted to $4,896,514 only
—the aggregate of the four quarters to that time be-
ing $40,470,755. The average of the four quarters
was something over ten millions; but the quarter
which had much the largest imports of dutiable ar-
ticles had not half the average of imports of the
free articles. How could this happen, if the act of
1842 had such disastrous operation upon the reve-
nue, and upon the imports from which the revenue
is derived?—the free list diminishing, the dutiable in-
creasing. .
When the senator brought in the bill which is be-
fore us, proposing to modify and reduce, very es-
sentially, the duties imposed by that act, I took oc-
casion to say, in answer to suggestions from the
other side, that the revenue derived from the cus-
toms, with the other inconsiderable sources of in-
come, would be fully equal to all the expenditures
of the government for ordinary purposes, and I
pledged myself to vindicate that opinion, on any
suitable occasion. The present discussion furnishes
such an opportunity, if it does not even demand
the fulfilment of it on my part. An impression
seems to be entertained here, and probably more
extensively abroad, that the treasury is embarrass-
ed—on the eve of bankruptcy. No such thing,
sir. The treasury, in my opinion, is in a very sound
and good condition. There need be no apprehen-
sion of bankruptcy or embarrassment—nothing
of the kind. The Secretary of the Treasury, I am
aware, anticipates that there may be a deficit of two
and a half millions at the end of the fiscal year. In
this opinion I arn constrined to differ froiYi hiro. 1
said a year ago, and 1 now repeat it, that if the rev-
enue act of 1842 is permitted to stand—if the sub-
ject is not again agitated—if there be disturbing cause
'operating on it—it will produce enougu, with the
other means of the treasury, for all the ordinaiy ex-
penditures of the government. I know it is in the
power of Congress, olid perhaps of leading gentle-
men, to falsify this piediction. They may renew
the agitation and apprehensions which are fUways
attendant upon any attempt to modify the tariff acts.
They may introduce uncertainty and distrust m the
community, and thus check business and impaii tne
revenue. But, without some such disturbing causes,
the result I have ventured to anticipate will happen.
The Secretary of the Treasury anticipates, as 1
have said, n deficiency of two and a half millions
for current expenses, on the 30th June next, to
whicli he supposes should be added one and a halt
million more for contingencies and new appropna-
tions. He estimates the expenditures of the last
three quarters of the fiscal year at $19,263,39.'),
which, added to the ascertained expenditure of t ie
first quarter, $6,312,357, makes a total for the
year of $25,580,752. I am aware the secretary is
not responsible for the proposed expenditures, if
Congress makes the appropriation. The heads of the
other departments, the War and the Navy, through
which almost three-quarters of the disbursements
are made, adopt their own measures, independent
of the Treasury Department, and furnish the es-
timates of the sums which may be. required for any
given period. But I must say, that the sum pro-
posed to be expended, from whatever department
the proposition has come, seems to me somewhat
extravagant. The appropriations made by the last
Congress for the half calendar year ending June
30, 1843, and for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1844, were but $24,668,384, exclusive of the amount
for the Post Office Department. The total appro-
priations for the fiscal year were $17,440,862. A
pretty uniform rule has obtained at the departments,
of expending in the year an amount, as nearly as
practicable, equal to the appropriations for it—leav-
ing as much of it unexpended at the end as there
was at the commencement of former appropriations.
This rule, if now observed, would limit the dis-
bursements of the present fiscal year to seventeen or
eighteen millions, instead of twenty-five and a half,
as appears to be contemplated by the executive de-
partments. Sometimes, undoubtedly, an extraordi-
nary exigency may arise, rendering it expedient
and necessary to expend within the year, not only
all the outstanding appropriations, but also all which
may be made for the service of the year, leaving
nothing outstanding at the close of it. I do not
know that such an exigency does not now exist, or
that it may not arise in the current year; and I do
not, therefore, call in question the propriety of the
expenditures which the secretary anticipates will be
made. My purpose is to show that, notwithstand-
ing so heavy a disbursement as is expected, the or-
dinary revenues of the year will still be sufficient to
meet its expenditures. And, in the first place, if
there should be a deficiency of two and a half mil-
lions, as is anticipated, it will have been occasioned
in part by expenditures for other than ordinary pur-
poses. A considerable portion of it will be attribu-
table to the redemption of treasury notes. The
amount of outstanding notes on 3d March, 1843,
when I expressed the opinion as to the sufficiency of
the revenue already adverted to, was $11,656,387.
The amount now outstanding is $2,607,123—show-
ing that over nine millions have since been re-
deemed. Of these, seven millions were taken up
by the proceeds of the loan then authorized, leaving
over two millions which have fallen upon the ordi-
nary receipts of the treasury. This alone nearly
balances the anticipated deficiency, and this amount
may be reissued, if necessary, to supply it to that
extent. Authority was given at the last session to
redeem all the treasury notes then out, by a new
loan, expressly with the view of freeing the treasury
from embarrassment, and leaving the current re-
ceipts to meet the current expenses. If the means
of the treasury have enabled the Secretary to re-
deem any portion of them, without the aid of a
further loan, he has made a very vavorable opera-
tion by doing so; nor do I complain of it. But if
the result has been, or shall be, to occasion a de-
ficiency, then I have to say, that it is a deficiency
not caused by any excess of expenditures over re-
ceipts for ordinary purposes.
Congress intended that these treasury notes should
not be a charge on the revenue of the year, unless
it was able to bear the charge. If it has been able,
it only strengthens the opinion I then e^nre^sed;
and if it has'not, it does not invalidate it. It" this
amount of treasury notes thus redeemed should be
now funded or otherwise piovided for, it would re-
duce the estimated deficiency to about half a million.
That can be accounted for, also. The secretary
computes all the outstanding warrants, or which
were outstanding at the date of his report, as charge-
able on the revenue, and liable to be called for at
any moment. So they are; but as fast a$ these
warrants come in, in the ordinary course of busi-
ness, others are thrown out, and become also out-
standing for longer or shorter periods. They aie
not necessarily paid immediately on being issued;
some are transmitted ta great distances; so that pro-
bably there never is a day when there is not a con-
siderable amount of outstanding warrants, which do
not come m till some time has elapsed. The. sec-
retaiy considers all these immediately chargeable on
the treasury. They are so; but credit ought to be
o-iven for whatever amount, large or small, shall be
outstanding at the end of the year. They do not
fall exclusively on the revenue of the year, hut on
whatever is received into the treasury, up to the
day of their payment. What amounts may be out-
standing at the close of the year, we cannot, of
course, say; for, no doubt, it may often happen that
the amount outstanding at the end of one year dif-
fers very considerably from that of the preceding
year. The treasury is not always ill a condition to
meet all the outstanding warrants, if they should be
suddenly presented, and still it is not insolvent.
Thus, according to the report of the secretary, the
outstanding warrants at the close of 1841 amounted
to over $800,000, which were not paid until in 1842
—falling upon the revenue of the latter year. If
they had been presented in 1841, they could not
have been met by the means then in the treasury.
They were thus thrown forward upon the succeed-
ing year, and their payment has of course absorbed
so much of the revenue of the succeeding year. I
have not the means of showing what amount was
outstanding at the commencement of the present fis-
cal year, which are in like manner a charge upon
the revenue of the year. If it was as much as at
the end of 184], it more than extinguishes the re-
maining half million of the anticipated deficit. I
have little doubt that the deficiency, if one should
occur, may be fully accounted for on these grounds,
still leaving my position firm, that the ordinary
revenues of the year will meet its disbursements.
But, besides this, I am constrained to differ from
the Secretary in his estimate of probable rev-
enue for the residue of the year. He estimates
the receipts from customs, for the quarter just
closed, at $3,100,000; for the present quar-
ter, at $4,600,000; and for the last quarter, at
$3,600,000. As to the quarter just closed, I
have endeavored to ascertain the precise amount re-
ceived in it, but without success. Enough, how-
ever is know to show that it will considerably ex-
ceed the estimate. The present quarter generally
yields an amount not very different from that ending
in September. The receipts for that quarter last
year exceeded six millions. Looking to the large and
increasing importations now coming in, I see no
reason to doubt that the revenue of this quarter will
quite, if not fully come up to that. This would add
nearly a million and a half to the estimate. But
call it only a million. For the last quarter, nearly
as much more must be added. The receipts of the
corresponding quarter last year exceeded four mil-
lions, more by half a million than is estimated for
this year. Is there any reason to expect a falling
off? On the contrary, is there not every indication
of increased business? My information from New
York is, that the receipts at that port are unusually
large. The estimate for this quarter at that single
port is about three and a half millions. Formerly,
it was deemed a safe calculation that about two-
thirds of the revenue was received at New York.
The proportion since has been somewhat changed,
and perhaps not much over one-lialf is now collect-
ed there. If only half, this would give a revenue
for the quarter, from all the ports, of seven millions;
or if two-thirds, a revenue of $5,200,000. Laying
out of view the quarter just closed, I am very
strongly of the opinion that the receipts of the pres-
ent and the next will exceed, by between two and
three millions, the estimates of the secretary. This
alone would meet the anticipated deficiency, and
would show an excess of receipts over expendi-
tures by the amount of treasury notes redeemed and
outstanding warrants paid, notwithstanding the dis-
bursements should be kept up to the amount con-
templated by the department. I am aware of the
hazards which one neces-ary encounters in ven-
turinir upon prophecy, especially where so shorta
time will test its fulfilment or its failure; but I wil-
lingly incur these hazards, deeming it, as I do, of
much importance that the country should see, and
our creditors should see, that wo have the means of
carrying on the government, (without additional
debt o? taxes,) and of fulfilling all our engage-
ments.
I proceed now to consider tho probable condition
of the treasury at the end of the fiscal year, June
30, 1845. The Secretary of the Treasury antici-
pates a deficiency at that time, also, of about foui
millions and a half. Acting upon the information
derived from the other departments, he estimates
the expenditures of that year at $26,8{(,059, which
includes about one million for the interest of the
public debt, leaving the expenditures for ordinary
purposes at twenty-five millions and three quarters,
nearly. The estunotes of appropriations of the
year are, in round numbers, twenty-two millions.
To this is to be added the balance of forme appro-
priations which will be on hand, July | iextj
