542
CQ^QRESSIONAL QjLQffB.
voting on the amendment, because, as he understood
the matter, this was intended to be a general law,
from the effects of which one contractor was to be
excepted. .
Mr. BAYARD observed it was a private, more
than a general law; but it referred to certain con-
tractors. It was not a general iaw, affecting the
whole community. . ,
Mr. "WRIGHT supposed, then, that it was a mod-
ification of a general law already existing; and ex-
ceptions were to be made in favor of particular con-
tractors. It appeared, however, that there were
other contractors at lower prices, the exception be-
ing in fiivor of one at the highest price. The ap-
plication of this rule would be unequal. Suppose
no exception were made: would not the Secretary
of the Navy advertise for new proposals, leaving
the whole open for bids, the Richmond foundry in-
cluded? He had not yet heard anything to justify
the exception of this company from the general
liw.
Mr. HAYWOOD called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted—yeas 19, nays
17, as follows:
VKAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Clayton, Fvans,
Francis, Jamagin, Johnpon, M-in.-u, Miller, Morehead,
Peaice, Phelps,'Porter, Rives, Tallmadge, Upham, Walker,
and Woodbury—10
NAYS—Messrs.. Allen, Atchison, Bagby, Breese, Bu-
chanan Colquitt, Fairfield, Hannegan, Ha; wood, Hender-
son, King, McDnftie, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, and
Wright-'-17.
So Mr. Bayard's amendment was adopted.
Mr. PEARCE moved to strike out the latter part
of the third section.
The third section provides that where, by exist-
ing contracts at higher prices than articles can be
procured for, the contractors apply for indulgence,
it shall not be granted, unless the Secretary believes
it to be for the advantage of the government, and
the contractor agrees to an abatement to the rates
offered at the time of asking indulgence, [the price
in such new agreement never to exceed the low-
est of those agreed to be paid by the department on
contracts made since the applicant's original con-
tract.!
The motion of Mr. Pf.arce being to strike out
the part in brackets.
On this motion Mr. HAYWOOD called for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and resulted—
yeas 23, nays 13, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Clay-
ton, Kvans, Francis, Hannegan, Henderson, Johnson, King,
McDnftie, Miliar, Pearcc, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Sturgeon,
Tallmadge, Upham, "Walker, White, and "VVoodbnry—'iy.
NAYS—Mos?is. Allen, Atchison, Bagby, Breese, Bu-
chanan, Colquitt, Fairfield, Haywood, Mangum, Semple,
Sevier, Taypan, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was adopted.
No other amendment being offered, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The calendar was then called over, and several
bills were passed by informally, till Senate bill No.
7 was placed under consideration, as in committee of
the whole.
It, was entitled "A bill in relation to the office of
surveyor general for the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Michigan."
Mr. PORTER, who had introduced this bill,
moved to fill the blank 111 the fifth line with the
words "first of September;" and to strike out the
void Jive, and insert Jour, in the sixth line.
These amendments were adopted; and the bill was
reported back to the Senate—the question being on
concurring m those amendments.
Mr. TAPPAN wished to have some information
as to the necessity for moving the office of surveyor
general of the land district from Cincinnati, where
now located, to Detroit—an extreme point.
Mr. PORTER explained that this was the only
land district of the West that consisted of three
States. In one of those Suites (Ohio) there were
now but 100,000 .'teres of public lands to be survey-
ed; in another (Indiana) there were but 450,000;
whereas, m Michigan, there were between fifteen
and sixteen miilions of acres unsurveyed. He con-
ceived it manliest that the surveyor general's office
ought to be near the great body of land to which the
office bore relation.
Mr. TAPPAN thought the duty of the office, so
far as Michigan was concerned, being to make con-
tracts with the surveyors, that could be done in
Cincinnati as well as in Detroit. It was the only
duty of the office important to the people awaiting
the survey of the lands in Michigan; but, in Ohio,
there was another duty of greater importance that
it should remain in Cincinnati. The largest popula-
tion of the district was in that "portion of it, and
their interests were concerned in the records of the
office, to Which they should have easy access.
Mr. PORTER pointed out many inconveniences
resulting from having the office so far from the main
body of lands to be surveyed.
The subject was further debated by Messrs. AL-
LEN, PORTER, and WHITE, until, it being evi-
-dent (at the usual hour of adjournment) that discus-
sion would be protracted,
Mr. PHELPS moved that the Senate adjourn.
Before putting the question,
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Treasury Department, (in obedience
to the act respecting public contracts,) transmitting
a statement of the contracts made by the department
in the year 1843, in relation to light-houses. It was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 5, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill providing for the ap-
pointment of certain officers in the navy-yards;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and made the order of the day for to-mor-
row, and the bill and accompanying report were or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS rose, and said he desired to call up
the motion for reconsideration of the vote by which
the report of the Committee on Rules was laid upon
the table.
The SPEAKER said he was not aware that there
was any motion for reconsideration pending.
Mr. ADAMS said it would be found, by refer-
ence to the journal, that a motion to reconsider had
been made, and that motion was laid upon the table;
and it was that motion which he now desired to call
up.
The SPEAKER remarked that the proposition
could not now be called up, out of its order, except
by a vote of two-thirds.
Mr. ADAMS asked if it was not a privileged
question; and if, being a privileged question, by be-
ing laid upon the table, it lost its privileged character.
The SPEAKER said that the motion having been
laid upon the table, in the opinion of the Chair it
now stood as being disposed of, and could only be
reached as all other subjects were—in the ordinary
course of business.
Mr. ADAMS then asked that the motion of which
he had given notice—that the rule which requires a
vote of two-thirds to take up a subject for considera-
tion be rescinded—be taken up for consideration.
Though he by no means admitted that the decision
of the Speaker was correct—that the motion for re-
consideration lost its privileged character by being
laid upon the table—yet, as he had so decided, he
would yield to the decision. He did not think
that the Speaker could produce any precedent to
sustain his decision, because it would give an op-
portunity, at all times, to a bare majority, to take
away its privileged character from any privileged
question.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired if the gentleman had
taken an appeal from the decision of the Speaker;
because, otherwise, the subject,.he believed, was not
susceptible of debate.
Mr. ADAMS said he would now make the mo-
tion (of which he had given notice) to rescind the
rule which requires a vote of two-thirds to take up a
subject for consideration.
1 he SPEAKER remarked that the rule to which
the gentleman referred could only be rescinded up-
on a motion, introduced in pursuance of notice of
motion for a change of the rules, previously given.
Mr. ADAMS. I gave such notice.
The SPEAKER remarked that the notice was
not given at a time when it could be received, and
it had not, therefore, been entered upon the journal.
Mr. WELLER called for the orders of the day.
Mr. ADAMS inquired of the Chair when it would
be in order to give the notice, or to make the mo-
tion.
The SPEAKER replied that the proper time
would be when resolutions were called for.
Mr. ADAMS. That is what the Chair now
states.
The SPEAKER. It is what he stated at the
time the gentleman offered to give his notice.
Mr. WELLER repeated the call for the orders
of the day.
And the House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the first business in order—being the reso-
lutions reported from the Committee on Accounts,
respecting the officers of the House.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to amend the resolutions
so as to prevent the officers of the House from re-
quiring the pages to work after the adjournment
each day. They were the only persons in the em-
ployment of the House who were required to work
night and day. They had cut off, and very proper-
ly, a heavy extra compensation, formerly paid to
these boys at the end of each session of Congress.
Their pay, as it stood, was enough; but he did not
think that they ought to be made to work while
others were enjoying their rest.
Mr. HALE said he was opposed to the whole re-
port—not because lie was not in favor of retrench-
ment, for he was in favor of it; but he was opposed
to beginning the work of retrenchment with such
small matters as this, when they had instances
enough of the, waste of money by millions. He
was opposed to commencing a pitiful warfare upon
these poor little boys. With all due deference to
the committee, he thought it was too small a busi-
ness, He moved that the report be laid upsn the
table.
Upon this motion, the yeas and nays were order-
ed; and being taken, resulted—yeas 75, nays 99, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Barnard, Belser, Bower, Bowhn,
Boyd, W. J. Brown, Buftington, Campbell, Oatlin, Chappell,
C hilton, Clinch, Clmgman, Cobb, Coilamer, Cranston, Cul-
lom, Garrett Davis, John W. Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey,
Dillingham, Diomgoole, F.lmer, fish, Foster, liiddings,
"Willis Green, Gnnnell, Kale, Haralson, Hardin, Harper,
Hopkins, Hilbbell, Hudson, Hughes, Jameson, Jenks, John
i'. Kennedy, Labranche, Leonard, Lumpkin, McConnell,
Mellvaine, Moore, F.dwaul .J. Morris, Moseley, Newton,
Pettit, Elisha It. Potter, Preston, Charles M. Reed, Ritte-r,
Roberts, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Thomas H. Seymour,
Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart,
John Stewart, Stiles, Summers. Sykes, Thomasson, Tlb-
batts, Ty ler, Wheaton, "White, Winthrop, and Joseph A.
Wright—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Anderson, Ashe, Baker, Barrin-
ger, Benton, Blackwell, Bossier, J. BrinkerhofI, Aaron V.
Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Cary, Car-
roll, Causin, R. Chapman, Clinton, Cross, Dana, R. D. Dans
Dean, Dickinson, Duncan, Dunlap, Kills. Farlee, Foot,
French, Byram Green, Grider, Hamlin, Henley, Herrick,
Hoge, Houston, Hubard, Hungerford, Washington Hunt,
James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. IngersoU,
Cave Johnson, Pcrley B Johnson, George VV. Jones, Ar-
drew Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Lewis, Lu-
cas, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, MeClernnnd,
McDowell, McKay, Morse, Murphy, Nes, Korris, Owen,
Parmenter, Payne, Peyton, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy,
Rathbun, Rayner, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Pohinsor,
Rockwell, Rodney, Russell, St. John, Senter, Severance,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, John T. Smith, Rot.
ert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, Stone, Taylor, Thompson,
Tilden, Tucker, Vance, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, and Woodward—99.
Mr. SAMPLE submitted an amendment, striking
out the last resolution, which provides that no pages
under twelve years of age should be employed. He
considered the pages under twelve years of age to be
the best pages in the Honse.
Mr. HOPKINS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. McDOWELL wished to remark to the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire that he was mistaken
entirely as to the motives which governed the com-
mittee in making this report. We did not (said he)
design it as a matter of retrenchment, because, un-
der the arrangement proposed, the expense will be
precisely what it is now; the objcct is to make the
corps, under the direction of the door-keeper, more
efficient and useful.
He was the last man in the House to make war
on the boys, as the gentleman from New Hampshire
expressed it, and felt no disposition to take a dollar
from their pockets; but he wished to make them
more efficient, and to give them a compensation com
mensurate with the value of their services The
door-keeper desired the amendment, and he thought
it a proper one, or he would not have proposed it.
He believed $1 50 per day to be a fair compensation
for a boy of 12 or 14 years of age, and he thought
none. under that age competent to perform the duties
required of the pages. In the country he came
from, $1 50 per day would be considered a fair com-
pensation for grown men employed m making rails.
He hoped that the gentleman from New Hampshire
before he made another such attack on a committee
of the House, would ascertain to a certainty that
they were disposed to make war on the little bovs
or on anybody, for purposes of economy. '
The gentleman was the last man in the House he
expected such charges to come from; because he had'
on all occasions, opposed appropriations for the bene-
fit of the widow and orphan. He was glad now to
