APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844-
■28th Gong 1st
The Tariff—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
$92,608,026, and permanent appropriations by for-
mer laws, of #3,318,189—giving a total of $26,877,-
059, as I have iusfstated. It is evident that the
expenditures of the year must depend almost en-
tirely upon the amount of appropriations made by
Congress. The whole matter is in our hands. I
see very little reason to believe that this amount
will come near twenty-two millions, as anticipated.
Looking at the estimates, 1 notice a million and a
half for improvements of rivers and harbors. Now,
although I have no desire and no purpose to aban-
don these improvements, I am very sure that no
such amount as that will be appropriated this session.
If it reach half a million, it will be as much as I ex-
pect at the present time. That will reduce a mil-
lion. The estimates for the naval service are little
short of nine millions. Strongly as I have supported,
hitherto, appropriations for that branch of the ser-
vice, I have no belief that it it is proper or necessa-
ry to appropriate so large an amount now. But I
forbear going minutely into the estimates. Pretty
distinct intimations from the other House render it
quite evident that the appropriations will fall short of
the estimates several millions. I believe it is contem
plated by gentlemen in that branch, who have a
leading control over the matter, to keep ths appro-
priations down to fifteen or sixteen millions at most;
six or seven millions short of the estimates. In my
judgment, they may be very safely limited to eigh-
teen millions—four millions below the amount esti-
mated by the departmeut, and very nearly meeting
the whole deficiency expected by the Secretary.
But independent of this, it will be observed that the
estimate of the Secretary is founded upon the as-
sumption that the whole amount of the appropria-
tions will be expended within the year. This never
happens, and I might almost say, never or rarely
can happen. It is generally the case, and I believe
is found very convenient and desirable in practice,
that as large an unexpended balance of appropiia-
tions will remain at the end of the year, as there
was at the beginning of it, of previous appropria-
tions. At the commencement of the next fiscal
year, the amount unexpended of appropriations of
former years, will be about two millions and a half.
Is there any reason to suppose that it will not be as
large at the end of it? This amount ought, then, to
be deducted from the estimated expenditure, and
also the amount which will probably be carried to
the surplus fund of former appropriations. At the
close of the present fiscal year, this sum is compu-
ted at over half a million. If it should be as much
next yeur, there would be three millions from these
two sources to be deducted from the proposed ex-
penditure; which, added to the four millions of di-
minished appropriations, shows a deduction of seven
millions from the estimate; thus, instead of a defi-
ciency of lour and a half millions, leaving a surplus
of two and a half.
All this is independent of the probable receipts of
the year in question. Upon that subject, of course,
much uncertainty must exist. The secretary esti-
mates the revenues from the customs for that year
at twenty millions. For myself, I shall be greatly
surprised if they fall short of twenty-three millions.
Practical and intelligent merchants, [ am informed,
m some of the cities, estimate them still higher—as
high even as twenty-five or twenty-six millions.
Their opinions on questions of this sort are entitled
to much weight. From the nature of their business,
they have means of information, not generally pos-
sessed by us. Looking to the present condition of
affairs—to the advancing prosperity of the country
as exhibited in increasing commerce, in the appre-
ciating value of real estate m the commercial cities,
i'i the formation of new mercantile firms, m the re-
siored confidence which now exists, in the stimulus
given to enterprise and industry,—looking at all these
evidences of general improvement, I do not know
that their expectations are very extravagant. We
have not, at the present moment, as full information
on these subjects as is desirable. Two or three
days will probably put us m possession of facts and
the condition of trade abroad, having a most import-
ant bearing on these questions; and I should have
greatly preferred a postponement of these remarks
until that tune. I have very little doubt that intel-
ligence Wiil be received by the next steamer fiom
England, now hourly expected, which
creased siuiikimi to business, and
crease of imports.
A peculiar state of things now exists. Notwith-
"'andui!! the large amou.it, of imports coming in, the
f reat staple of our expos t, cotton, is not going abroad.
1 lie exp! st, ol it lu.ve be.-n ^intc fmall—unsually
give in-
consequent in-
so; and at the same time exchange is low. Holders
of cotton on this side of the Atlantic are waiting for
higher prices in Liverpool: while purchasers there
are delaying operations, in the expectation of large
supplies to be received. If the intelligence by the
Britannia should show an advance in the price,
which, I think, may be anticipated, undoubtedly
large shipments will be made, outward freights will
rise,and increased importations must necessarily fol-
low. If, on the other hand, the price abroad has
declined, or remains stationary, so that holders can-
not ship it without danger of overstocking the for-
eign market and producing a fall, then, as cotton
will not go forward, exchange will rise, specie will
be in demand for export, the banks will curtail
their discounts, the currency will become contract-
ed, and business brought to a pause. Imports may
fall off, and the revenue consequently decline. All
these contingencies are to be kept in view. How
long the present state of things is to continue we
cannot foresee; nor what is to be the change which
shall next happen. If, however, none of these contin-
gencies occur, if there be no decline, none of these
disturbing causes, (and I see no ground to antici-
pate them to any considerable extent,) I shall not be
surprised if the opinion of very intelligent mer-
chants, to which I have adverted, shall be realized.
In that event, instead of a deficiency, we shall have
enough for all the purposes of the government and
to redeem that portion of the public debt falling
due next year. That-, however, I will not calculate
upon. But if the expenditures are reduced in the
manner I have suggested, and if the imports of the
year are not materially obstructed from the causes
suggested, the revenue of the fiscal year will
meet all the expenditures of it, and leave a sur-
plus of some millions in the treasury. To give
a revenue of twenty-three millions, it is only neces-
sary to import sixty-four or sixty-five millions
of dutiable merchandise. We have often im-
ported much more than that, when the rate of
duties was higher than at present. And now, when
there is increased prosperity, when money is abund-
ant, confidence restored, enterprises enlarged, all
branches of business starting into fresh life and
vigor—what reason is there to expect we shall not
be able to import from sixty to seventy millions as
well as in times past' Indeed, I think we may very
safely expect the imports of the year, calendar or
fiscal, whether commencing in January or July, will
amount to one hundred millions. The proportion
of dutiable imports, as indicated in the returns of the
third quarter of last year, is something over four-
fifths of the whole; and if the same proportion should
continue, (which I hardly expect,) it would give an
import of over eighty millions dutiable, yielding a
revenue of twenty-eight millions of dollars. Thus,
it will be seen, sir, in any view which can be taken
of it, I make a very liberal allowance in estimating
the receipts from the customs, for the fiscal year, at
twenty-three millions only.
I have deemed it necesaary to say so much upon the
state and prospects of the treasury, with a view as
well to vindicate the act of 1842 from the reproach of
having destroyed the revenue of the country, as to
allay any apprehension of a deficiency in our'means;
and I now return to other topics discussed by the
senator from South Carolina.
The honorable senator takes strong exceptions to
the principle of discrimination, which has so long
prevailed in all our laws relating to duties. He would
make discriminations only for two purposes ; first,
for revenue; and next, in favor of the poor, lie
would make none in favor of manufactures, or of
industry at home. I do not object to discriminating
for purposes of revenue, though I strongly ob-
ject to the mode by which he would accomplish
it. He proposes to lay the lightest duties on those
articles of import winch come in competition with
domestic, productions, and the heaviest upon those
of which we produce none. He would not give the
slightest protection to American labor, by any dis-
crimination in us favor. On the other hand, he dis-
criminates against it; and this for purposes of rev-
enue. He regards the two as incompatible; I think
otherwise. I think discrimination in fuor of our
own industry is entiiely compatible with revenue.
What is the first and most important thing to be
done to raise revenue from imports5 Is it not to fa-
vor consumption' Is it not to foster and promote
the ability of the, people to buy dutiable articles'
Give them the ability to become consumers, and
they do become consumers. Discrimination, look-
ing to revenue, should be that which tends to favor
consumption. The people of our country, and of
all countries, consume according to their means. If
these are little, they consume little; if increased,
they become consumers to an increased extent. If
rendered easy and affluent in circumstances, they
become consumers in a still greater degree, and of
luxuries they never enjoyed before. Discrimina-
tion, to help revenue, must help consumption.
Bvt the senator would discriminate for the poor
—the mass of the people—to relieve them. That is
a very humane and very just object, undoubtedly.
But how does he propose to do it? By imposing
low duties on articles of general use. Now, with
great submission, I think there is an object much
more humane, more just, and far more statesman-
like, than merely to relieve the poor—and that is, to
have no poor; to abolish poverty. Instead of legis-
lating to lighten the burdens of the poor, I say le-
gislate to do away with poverty, by removing the
causes of it. Improve the condition of your people;
give them that with which to go to work; give them
employment; stimulate and protect their industry;
let them acquire competency and wealth. That
is the only relief necessary or desirable to give
them. Merely to relieve them from' a bur-
den, is like indiscriminate charity—their wants
are perpetually returning. How much better
is it to enable them to relieve themselves by
their own industry? Charity is not what the people
of this country want, or ought to want. They want
their legislation adapted to their habits of enterprise,
industry, and independence. There is no want of
proneness in our people to indulge in extravagance
and luxury, whenever they are able to do so, and
often when they are not. Give them the ability to
purchase articles yielding revenue, and they will as-
suredly purchase them. Every one must have wit-
nessed this in his own neighborhood. I have my-
self known a family suffering from want, desirous
of employment, but obtaining none, and, conse-
quently, having very little-Kbility to consume. Since
the revival of manufacturing industry, under the act
of 1842, they have obtained employment at reasona-
ble prices. Their condition is greatly improved;
they live better, consume more, clothe better, and
partake of luxuries even wholly unattainable by
them before. They buy imported articles, and pay
revenue, very far beyond what they ever did before.
They were in indigence and want; now they obtain
comfort and competence. Who does not see that not
only are they vastly better off, taxed and oppressed
as they are, but that the revenue is improved by the
change in their condition. Oppressively taxed! No,
sir; they are relieved from the oppression and taxa-
tion of wretched poverty, and what is true of them,
is true of thousands of others. Thousands are lifted
up to become consumers, and to pay revenue, to add
to your imports, to increase your commerce, who
were in want and penury before. What relief would
it have been to them to reduce duties. They had
no means of purchasing, even at the lowest
prices. They could pay no revenue, for they had
nothing to pay with. But, having given them em-
ployment, you have given them real, substantial,
enduring relief. These are the discriminations,
therefore, which I would make, not only for reve-
nue, but for the benefit of the poor; by rewarding,
promoting, fostering their industry, and not by pros-
trating it, whereby their ability to pay duties is de-
stroyed, and penury is inflicted upon them.
The next topic which the honorable senator dis-
cussed, was the bearing of the act of 1842 upon the
commerce of the country. He spoke of commerce
as rapidly declining. One-half of it had already
been destroyed, and the other half was destined
speedily to follow. The honorable senator undoubt-
edly had reference to foreign commerce, and spoke
very justly and very eloquently of its value as a
bond of harmony, a means of civilization and Chris-
tianity, among nations. 1 agree to all he has said
upon that subject. But the, question is, whether
there is any danger that the commerce, which effects
such desirable results, is to be destroyed or impair-
ed' None whatever, in my judgment; especially if
the act of 1842 is permitted to remain unmolested.
Leave it to work out all the good it is calculated to
do, and there will be no occasion to mourn ovei the
decay of our foreign commerce. Much that I have
already said in regard to the revenue, is also an an-
swer to this portion of the senator's argument. But,
before answering it further, allow me to ask, is there
no other commerce but foreign commerce? Does
our internal commerce deserve no encomium as a
bond of union and harmony—as the promoter of
civilization and religion nmon°; ourselves? Our for-
eign commerce, exports and imports together,
