Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX JO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35T
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Evons.
Senate.
amount to about two hundred millions annually.
The value of our internal commerce can hardly be
estimated with accuracy. We know, however, that
it employs a larger amount of shipping than does
the foreign, besides the vast transportation on the
turnpikes and railroads, and by boats on the ca-
nals and rivers, not appearing in the statistics of
navigation; all of which are in active em-
ployment, from one extremity of the Union to the
Other. Is all this of no aecount? Probably the in-
ternal commerce of the country is not far short of
one thousand millions, and much of it greatly de-
pendent on the policy of fostering our own labor,
and exchanging with each other the products of our
own industry.
Does the senator from South Carolina see in all
this nothing worthy of securing and protecting? He
speaks of the importance of strengthening our bonds
of amity and peace with other nations, by a sedu-
lous cultivation of foreign commerce. Is it of no
importance to strengthen the bonds of our Union,
our domestic ties, our harmony, by the cultivation
and extension of our domestic commerce? How can
we better do it than by an interchange of our various
commodities and productions between the remote
extremities of this extended Union? It seems to me
that this is an exceedingly desirable object. It
seems to me as desirable to cultivate the relations of
amity and peace, and mutual interest and mutual
dependence, among ourselves, a3 to enlarge foreign
commerce, for the sake of keeping the peace of the
world.
But the senator says the act of 1842 lias struck
down one-half of the foreign commerce of the coun-
try. Where is the evidence of this? From what
quarter do we hear any complaint upon this subject?
From our importing merchants? From our shipping
interests? From our extensive mercantile houses?
Not one of these. If half the commerce of the coun-
try has been lost, surely we should hear something
about it from those most interested in its preserva-
tion. So far from that, we hear of directly the re-
veise. We hear of renewed enterprise in trade with
other countries—of new ships being built—of im-
proving freights—of great activity in commercial
pursuits. I am aware that a memorial was pre-
sented to the Senate, some days ago, from a number
of importers of hardware and iron manufactures,
in the city of New York, representing that the rate
of duty upon the articles in which they deal is very
high, and complaining of a falling off in their busi-
ness. This may, perhaps, be true. That their
profits have greatly declined, I do not doubt. Whe-
ther the country has suffered, or will suffer, from
that cause, remains to be seen. An honorable
member of the other House [Mr. Irving, of Penn-
sylvania] has since then forwarded a copy of that
memorial to New York, and also to Philadelphia,
and has received replies, for the use of which I am
greatly-indebted to him. From New York, he lias
a counter memorial much more numerously signed,
and by highly respectable persons, which I will
read. It is in these words:
Your memorialists, merchants ani others, of the city,
couiitv, and State of New York, respectfully represent,
that having been several years engaged in business in this
citv and having had abundant opportunity to oDseivethc
relative advantages of the present tariff, as passed by the
last Congress, do 1'ully and decidedly testify to the great
advantages the people as a whole are reaping from its el-
iects. The market has arisen from its depression—manu-
tacturers ale being employ ed. A decided preference is be-
]i)°" given to Ameiican goods, many of which are cheaper
and better than the foreign goods lormerly sold here, and a
healthy state of feeling is prevalent. That theoppobers to
our tariff are chiefly loreigneis, importer*, and the like, and
with whom patriotism and the general good of our country
are apparently lost sight of by personal interest*.
Youi memorialists aidently pia) that the tann may he
permitted to remain as it now stands, and that this commu-
nity may not be subject to the disappointment and derange-
ment ol business consequent on such a change.
The memorial, it will be observed, does not say
anything in regard to particular articles, as does that
to which it is a reply, but speaks in general of the
operations of the act. The signatures to it were ob-
tained, as I learn, in one or two streets, in a space
of two hours, and there was no time or opportunity
to enter into details. But the memorial from Plnla-
delohia is more specific, showing most conclusively
the fallacy of the statements in that to which I first
alluded, aftd especially in regard to the effect of the
act of 1842 upon the prices of the articles named. It
is evident, from these papers, that the profit upon
the importation of these articles has hitherto been
very large. Since the act, these profits have been
very greatly reduced; and it is little to be wondered
at that complaint should now be made by those who
are affeeted by such reduction. The prices of these
articles have very much declined. Gentlemen seem
to suppose that foreign commodities, when import-
ed, are sold at the lowest cost and charges. But this
is not so. They are sold for the highest price which
the importer can obtain for them; and that price is
regulated by the supply of the article in the market,
and the demand which exists for it. Profits—and
often,enormous profits—are made. The memorials
which I have referred to, show that the reduction In
price has been chiefly effected by the diminution of
these profits.
[Mr. Woodbury asked if the signers to the me-
morials were not employed in the sale of the Amer-
ican articles as commission merchants or con-
signees.]
How that is I do not know. Probably i)i some
instances such is the'ease; but that only gives credit
to their statements, because it shows they have a
full knowledge of the matter on which they speak.
The memorial of the hardware dealers in New York
is the only evidence of which I have any knowl-
edge, to which the honorable senator could appeal
to sustain his position, that the act of 1842 had de-
stroyed one half of the commerce of the country.
He said, to be sure, that the imports last year weie
only forty millions in value. Notso. Theamountfor
the year ending September 30,1843, was over eighty-
eight millions. The senator probably intended to
speak only of the amount dutiable; but they amount-
ed to forty-eight millions, instead of foity, as he
supposed.
[Mr. McDuffie. Eight millions were re-export-
ed, leaving only forty paying duty.]
That is so. Such is the course of business. A
portion of every year's import is, and ever has been
re-exported. But that does not alter the case; we
go by comparison. The total imports last year
were eighty-eight or eighty-nine millions, only 10 or
12 per cent, short of a fair average of several years.
This falling off may in part be accounted for by the
decline in prices generally. Our tables are made up
on values, and not on quantities. If we had a table
of quantity, who knows how it would compare
with former years? Our imports have lately exceed-
ed one hundred millions in value annually, and in
some years of high prices and enormous specula-
tions, have gone up to one hundred and sixty or
one hundred and seventy millions. Everybody
knows the consequences. Embarrassment, bank-
ruptcy, and universal distress, followed.
The honorable senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Woodbury] when he presided over the Treasu-
ry Department, attributed, in one of his annua] re-
ports, much of the distress of the country to those
excessive importations. In the present state of af-
fairs it is not desirable—indeed, it would be attended
with danger—if our imports should much exceed
one hundred millions. Anything much beyond
that—possibly one hundred and twenty might be
borne—should not be regarded as a sign of prosper-
ity, but as a dangerous stimulant, beyond the ability
of the country to consume. The imports will of
themselves naturally increase with our population
and ability to consume; and beyond that they ought
tot to be expected or desired to increase.
I do not know that there is reason to expect any
very considerable improvement in the condition of
the people of Europe as consumers of our exports.
It is their improved capacity to consume our pro-
ductions that we are to depend upon for an aug-
mentation of our exports, and not upon an exces-
sive importation of their productions which we are
in some way to pay for.
If our exports, then, are not likely to be much
increased, from any improvement m the ability of
other nations to consume them, there seems to me
no sufficient reason to expect an import much ex-
ceeding one hundred millions annually. Any in-
ducement to import more than that, will be a stimu-
lus to import more than we can well pay for, and
must be followed by embarrassment and distress.
The honorable senator, however, supposes that this
amount may be much increased, and would be in-
creased, if our duties upon imports were less. High
duties, he argues, prevent imports. Our past expe-
rience does not confirm this position. The report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, submitted at the com-
mencement of this session, contains a table of im-
ports in each year, running back to 1821,di\idodmto
several periods, separated from each other by alter-
ations in the rate of duties. From that table it ap-
pears that the amount of dutiable imports from 1821
to 1824, inclusive, was $264,960,000, being an aver-
age of sixty-six millions annually. The average
rate of fluty during that term was about thirty-four
per cent., yielding a revenue of ovQr ninety millions.
Since that time our population has nearly doubled,
having increased about eighty per cent, adding 'as
many more to the consumers of foreign productions.
Can itbe doubted, then, that we arenowable to import
an equal amount, under nearly an equal rate of duty,
and yielding sufficient revenue? But that is not the
point I am now considering. I am examining the
question, whether an increase of duties tends- to the
destruction of commerce or not. In 1824 a new
tariff act was passed, increasing duties to an average
of thirty-eight per cent.; and, in the four years next
following, the imports of dutiable goods amounted
to §301,550,000, being an average of over seventy-
five millions a year. Thus, notwithstanding the
enhanced duties, there was a considerable increase of
imports. Then came another change in the tariff,
and duties were increased to average about forty-one
per cent., and the amount of imports for the four
following years was $297,330,000, an average of
$74,330,000—very nearly- the averages of the pre-
ceding period. Then comes a period of nine years,
1833 to 1841 inclusive, during which the average
rate of duty was about thirty-one per cent., being a
considerable reduction from that of the preceding
period. Did the imports increase in consequence
of this reduction, or did they increase at all from
any cause? Population had increased, and it will
be recollected, also, that during this period, imports
were much enlarged by extravagant speculations—
by a redundant currency, and by vast loans con-
tracted abroad, much of which came to us in
foreign manufactures. The aggregate of duti-
able imports for this period was six hundred
and thirty-one millions, giving an average of only
seventy-one millions annually against seventy-
four millions, when duties were ten per cent,
higher. If the imports of 1835, 1836, and 1837, had
not, from the causes stated, been swelled far beyond
the natural wants of the country, and our capacity
to buy, the average would have sunk down to near-
ly sixty millions. Then comes the year 1842,
when the average rate of duty was about twenty-
three percent.—quite low enough, I am sure, to sat-
isfy the honorable senator, and to test his theory,
that as duties decline, imports increase. The im-
ports of that year amounted to sixty-nine millions,
falling off two millions from the average of the pie-
ceding nine years, and less by five millions than
the average of the period (1828 to 1832) when du-
ties were forty-one per cent.—a rate nearly double.
Consumers, too, had increased about forty per cent.,
and still, with increased consumers and diminshed
duties, imports declined. If there is any inferensc
to be drawn from these facts, it certainly is, that the
honorable senator's doctrine is not well founded.
Our experience is altogether against it.
If the senator, relies on a comparison of the two
years 1842 and 1843, he will find his theory equally
unfortunate; the facts will not bear out his argu-
ments. For, although there was a falling off of
something like 29 per cent, in dutiable goods, was
there not also a falling off^in free goods? It will not
be contended that the act of 1842 had any effect on
free goods, and yet they fell off something like 36
per cent. There was a very large difference in the
imports of the two years, I admit. The dutiable
imports were, for 1842, 69] millions, and for 1843,
48| millions, a falling off of nearly 29 percent. How
was that occasioned? Not by the act, but for the
reasons I have already explained. The same
causes operated on the free goods, and still more
disastrously. They fell off 34 per cent. It is admit-
ted the act of 1842 could not have any such opera-
tion on them. Indeed, the effect is directly other-
wise; for it general happens, that when you increase
duties, or enact any other law which tends to keep
out a portion of dwtiable goods, the importation of
free goods increases: that is to say, the capital and
shipping before employed in importing and trans-
porting dutiable goods will be likely to to be diverte I
to a commerce in free goods. But no such result
has been experienced since the act of 1842; v, hicli
shows, as fully as any argument can show, that to
whatever this dimunition may be owing, it is not
to that act. The same cause has operated as well
on dutiable as on free goods, and that was, the agi-
tation of the subject so long in 1842, and the un?er-
tainty of the action of Oongrefs in relation to it, at
the time orders for inrpoitations in the ordinary v ay
would have gone abroad.
But, sir, 1 perceive that I weary the Senate w, b
these dry details, and I will proceed to other consul-
«rations presented by the honorable Senator.
