Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
nerrly, perhaps quite, to forty. If, howeter, the
forty millions were not adequate to the demand, and
ten millions more are brought in to supply it, then,
instead of advancing the price of the forty, the ef-
fect is to prevent the advance. The supply is now
equal to the demand. The holders of the forty mil-
lions are deprived of the opportunity of raising the
price at their own will, as they could have done if
the supply had been short. Burden your ten mil-
lions imported as you will, when they come into the
market they keep down the price of the forty al-
ready there. They must sink to the level of that
price, and cannot by possibility raise it. It would
be an extraordinary fact, indeed, if the addition of
ten millions to the stock already in the market,
could enhance the price of the whole. What is the
holder of the new supply to do with it? He comes
to sell. He seeks a market. Can he say to pur-
chasers, these commodities, originally ten millions
in value, have been raised to fourteen by the duty I
have paid on them, and you must therefore pay me
fourteen millions? They would answer at once, we
can buy of our own producers the same quantity
for ten millions, equally good : why should we pay
you fourteen? They would not purchase at all of
him, until hey could purchase as cheap or cheaper
than elsewhere. Meanwhile, the holders of the
forty millions perceive there is an addition of 20 per
cent, to the supply in market. They are anxious to
sell. They fear the effect of this increased supply.
More active competition takes place, and in order to
secure the sale of their forty millions, they reduce
prices. These things are of daily experience and
daily observation. I have seen somewhere a good
illustration of it ill this way: Suppose there is a vil-
lage in which there are nine stores, being sufficient
for all the business of the place, and they rent
for $100 each a year. A new one is erected, not
wanted for the trade of the village. What is to
be done with it? It cannot be rented for $100,
as the others have been. There is no use for it.
The owner, wishing to have it rented, finally otfers
it for $90, and the occupant of one of the others
takes it, thereby saving $ 10 in his rent. That leaves
another vacant, .which in like manner is rented for
§90, and so on until the whole go down to $90.
One falls to $80, and this process of reduction is
continued until the rents get so low that one of the
buildings can be better applied to some other pur-
pose, or until a new dealer, stimulated by low rents,
deems it advisable to open a new place of trade.
So it is with merchandise. Whenever an increase
of supply takes place greater than the increase of
demand, prices fall, and continue to fall, until they
reach so low a point that the increased consump-
tion occasioned by their cheapness takes them all up.
So much, siiyl have deemed it proper to say in
answer to the argument of the senator, that the ef-
fect of imposing duties on foreign imports is to add
an equal amount to the price of the domestic pro-
duction; and 1 suppose 1 shall be answered by the
inquiry, if this be not so, why does the domes-
tic manufacturer require any protection? Why does
he ask for higher duties, unless it be to increase the
price of his fabrics? Especially if the tendency and
the ultimate effect of high duties is to reduce prices,
why does he desire them? Is it any benefit to him?
Certainly it is; and in this way: he obtains the sup-
ply of the market; he sells his commodities in pref-
erence to the foreign manufacture; his goods are
taken for consumption when otherwise they would
not be, except at prices for which they could not be
afforded. Take, for instance, the coarse cotton
cloths, upon which it is supposed our manufacturers
need no protection. They can furnish them at prices
as low as foreign manufacturers can. Why, then,
do they need protection? Because foreign manufac-
turers can furnish them as low as they can; and
the question is, who shall do it? Who shall have
the profits of the manufacture? Suppose the con-
sumption Of the country requires 100,000 bales,
or any other given quantity. We can supply the
whole of it at a certain price, say five cents the
yard. England can do it for the same. If our
manufacturers send their 100,000 bales into market,
and the English send their 100,000 also, it is evident
you have double the quantity which is wanted.
The price must decline to four cents or three cents
a yard. It is a losing business as well to them as
to us. Who can endure this state of things longest?
A country where labor is cheap or where it is
dear? Where money and capital abounds, or where
it is comparatively scarce? Where the rate of in-
terest is 2 per cent., or where it is 6 or 7 per cent.?
The result is inevitable. Our manufacturers cannot
stand the competition, and must be destroyed.
What happens then? The foreign producer has the
market exclusively to himself. Prices advance, and
he takes good care to indemnify himself for the
losses he has sustained, while engaged in the pro-
cess of breaking down our establishments. Our
laborers cannot stand the competition, unless they
are content to live as the laborers of Europe live—
poorly fed, poorly clad, in miserable habitations,
scantily furnished. This they will not do, and ought
not to do. They have been accustomed to partake
more largely of the comforts, and in a moderate de-
gree of the luxuries of civilized society; and how
is it to be expected that they can reduce the
price of their labor to the level of those who
have never enjoyed these advantages, and are con-
tented to dispense with them? Wo, sir; they cannot
do it, and ought not to do it. They ought not to be
compelled to sell at less than fair remunerating
prices. The effect of the competition, for a short
period, I admit, would be to reduce prices very
considerably—far below what either producer could
afford. But is this just or desirablel? This effect is
temporary. The ultimate one is to restore if not to
enhance the original price. What our manufac-
turers desire, therefore, is, the privilege of supplying
the consumption of the country, not at exagge-
rated and inflated prices, but at prices as low as
can be afforded by other nations. I have used the
article of coarse cottons as an illustration. The
same argument applies to other commodities, and,
indeed, to all other which we have the skill, capa-
city, and capital to manufacture. But in regard to
cotton goods, what would be the effect of obtaining
all our supplies from England, in another point of
view? The English fabric, I have said, can be af-
forded here as cheap, perhaps a little cheaper than
our own. This is owing to the fact that it is an in-
ferior article—made in part of a cheaper and inferior
cotton, grown in India. Our fabrics are made of
American cotton, of a dearer and better quality. If,
then, you displace the American article, to make
way for the foieign, you diminish to that extent the
consumption of the American raw material. You
not only employ foreign labor, to the exclusion of
our own, but you employ it on a foreign grown ma-
terial.
Let us look now to the inevitable and final result
of all this. The senator says, our imports may be
increased forty millions. He admits, however, that
these forty millions are to take the place of forty
millions of the manufactures of our own country.
What are the American manufacturers, thus thrown
out of employment, to do? How are they to live?
What are they to turn to for subsistence? Where
is the capital liberated by the operation, if you have
not wholly destroyed it, to be emp'oyed? But,
above all, where is the labor to go? I apprehend it
would be very undesirable to employ it m raising
cotton; that would never do, as I shall attempt to
show by and by. Wo, sir; it will be driven to in-
crease the already excessive productions of agri-
culture, which are now so largely beyond the de-
mand for tli^n, that prices are exceedingly
depressed. Agricultural products are aheady
abundant. We need more and better markets, and
not more producers. Nothing, in my mind, unless
it be opening such markets, would more improve
the agriculture of our country, than the diversion
of a portion of the labor now employed in it, to
other pursuits. Who is to consume the additional
forty millions of imports? Those who had pre-
viously consumed the same amount of American
production? How are they to pay for them? A
large number of laborers have been thrown out of
employment; their consumption must, of course,
greatly diminish. The farmer, who formerly sup-
plied them, has lost the market for his products.
He must diminish his consumption. There is a
surpus of labor thrown upon the country; wages
must fall: idleness will prevail; poverty must in-
crease. It is not evident that your forty millions
eannet be consumed by those who consumed before,
because they cannot pay for them? The honorable
senator urges us to import foity millions more, be-
cause, he says, it adds so much to the ability of
Europe to take and consume our cotton. That is
to say, increase the comfort, the capacity, the
wealth, the means of buying, of the foreign manu-
facturer, though you thereby diminish those of your
own citizens. The honorable senator signifies his
dissent to this statement. He does not seem to ad-
mit it as a just consequence of his argument. But
how does the matter stand? We now employ a cer-
tain number of our own countrymen in manufac-
tures? This gives them the means of living and of
consuming foreign and domestic articles. A portion of
these means is employed in the consumption of cot-
cotton goods, made of American cotton. So far as
this consumption goes, it promotes the growth of
American cotton. Now, the honorable senator says,
import forty millons more from abroad, and for-
eigners will take forty millions more of our cotton
to pay for it. He supposes that all their increased
capacity to consume will be exhausted in the con-
sumption of cotton. But is this so? A very small
part of the consumption of any people is composed
of cotton fabrics. Look to the manufacturers of
England, whom the honorable senator proposes to
employ. How will they expend the additional
wages which they earn in manufacturing forty mil,
lions more? In wearing cotton fabrics? -No, sir.
A very large part of their wages is expended in the
means of living—in purchasing the agricultural
products of England. The necessity for consuming
cotton is comparatively small. Wearing apparel is
the least of their expenses. They are not going to
spend all their wages on cotton or cotton goods, but
in buying more of the necessaries of life produced
by their own soil, such as grain and meat and every
species of food, or in articles brought from other
countries—coffee, tea, sugar, and wines. Employ
them, and you undoubtedly enable them to live
better, have better habitations and clothing, and to
become consumers, to a larger extent, of their own
agricultural products; but you do it at the expense
of our own laborers, who are thereby thrown out
of employment. Those now engaged in manufac-
turing these forty millions for home consumption,
would be impoverished for the benefit of laborers
abroad; adding very little to the ability of the latter
to become consumers of our raw cotton, but very
much to their means of buying the productions of
their own country. All the advantage would enure
to the foreign manufacturers and laborers, and not
to the cotton planters, as the senator from South
Carolina imagines.
The honorable senator does not seem to contem-
plate the extent to which this destruction of Amer-
ican labor would be carried. He speaks of a few
manufacturers as the only persons interested. He
confines himself to the owners of buildings and
machinery, and of the capital employed, as if they
alone reaped the benefit of the home market, and of
the protective policy, as if the laborers in their em-
ployment share no part of its advantages and bless-
ings The senator appeals to the enormous profits
supposed to be made by them, and denounces them
as plunderers and monopolists. The tendency of
this, I am aware, is to stir up prejudice and resent-
ment against capitalists, and against manufacturing
establishments. It is the old and stale hai-angue of
taxing the many for the benefit of the few. All thin
is grossly fallacious. Is there nobody but the few
wealthy capitalists interested in this policy? How
can capital earn anything except by giving employ-
ment to labor? How many hundreds and thou-
sands of persons do these capitalists employ in con-
ducting their operations? From the time the first
spade is struck into the earth, from the moment the
first brick is made, to the time when the finished
fabric is sold, it is all labor—labor which would
otherwise want employment. How many agricul-
turists are engaged in raising food for these labor-
ers' how many machinists, in their vocation? how
many seamen and cartmen, in transportation? But
besides the numbers employed m large incorporated
manufacturing establishments, how many thou-
sands and tens of thousands are at work in then-
houses and shops, in fabricating articles which
would otherwise be supplied from abroad? The
workers m iron, and copper, and brass, and the
other metals; the makers of nails, and scythes, and
cutlery of every description; the manufacturers
of hats, and shoes, and clothes, and harnesses,
and of all the articles connected with them; of but-
tons, and buckles, and of the innumerable vari-
ety of commodities which enter into daily con-
sumption: all these compose a vast multitude who
are interested in this policy. Go into the
great cities—New York, Philadelphia, Boston,
Baltimore; great as they are as commercial empo-
ria, they are also great, if not greater, regarding the
numbers employed, as manufacturing cities. Visit
the shops of the artisans in all the various trades;
see industry busy at the bench, and the vice, and
the anvil; see the lathe in motion, and hear the
sound of the hammer, ringing from sun to sun. Are
these the wealthy few, whom alone this policy is
designed to favor? Are the widowed seamstresses
