CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
tended that, when it was attempted to arrest in-
dividuals without legal warrant, they were at lib-
erty to defend themselves. The individuals attempt-
ed to be arrested in this case were men, and he who
interfered with them did so at his own peril. The
government lent him no shield, and he trusted it
never would afford assistance to any individual in
his attempt to control the locomotion of his fellow
citizens.
Mr. PETTIT thought that, as there was no ne-
cessity for requesting the President of the United
States to annul the 10th article of the British treaty,
there was still less necessity for printing the mes-
sage. He was of opinion that there was no just
cause of complaint against the British government
for not surrendering the fugitives referred to in the
message, because the evidence was not sufficient, ac-
cording to English laws, to warrant it. He objected
strongly to annulling this article of the treaty, con-
sidering it the most valuable article in it, and by vir-
ture of which wc -should be hereafter able to re-
claim many criminals, such as those who had here-
tofore, by fleeing to foreign countries, set the justice
of the country at defiance. He regretted that
such a provision was not in force some years since,
when certain great plunderers of the treasury, to the
amount of millions, fled into England, and thus es-
caped the punishment due to their crimes. He
would not annul this article of the treaty till Eng-
land herself violated it.
Mr. ADAMS made some remarks, the first part
of which were not distinctly heard; but in conclusion
he deprecated these appeals to the passions and
prejudices ofthe country, which he said were so con-
tinually made for the purpose of getting up an ex-
citement against England. He had witnessed, with
much pain, the same thing in England for the pur-
pose of producing ill feelings against this country.
What, he asked, would be the consequences of a
collision between tire two countries? No man, if
asked the question, would avow his determination
to go to war with England; and yet a course of re-
marks was indulged in, calculated to stir up the most
rancorous passions. Here was the question of run-
away slaves taken up: and connect it with the ques-
tion of Oregon, and then with the glorious question
of the annexation of Texas, and what was to be
the result?
Mr. WELLER here moved the previous ques-
tion; which being seconded, and the main question
ordered, it was put, and decided in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a commu-
nication from the Treasury Department, in relation
to payments made on claims not otherwise provided
for by law, under the act of 2d March, 1809: laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same, containing
the annual statement of receipts and expenditures
of the United States for the year 1843: laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
PENSIONS.
On motion by Mr. MeKAY, the bill making ap-
propriations for the revolutionary and other pen-
sioners of the United States for the year 1844, on
which the previous question had been moved, was
taken up.
Mr. HAMLIN withdrew his call for the previous
question, being satisfied, as he said, that the bill
ought not to pass without amendment.
The SPEAKER stated the question to lie on the
amendment, providing that no officer of the army
or navy, while receiving pay as such, shall draw a
pension.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved the previous question-
The SPEAKER put the question on seconding
the demand for the previous question, and 58 voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. McKAY called for tellers: and Messrs. Jf.nk".
and Tucker were appointed; and, having taken the
vote, they reported 70 in the affirmative and 50 in
the negative. So there was a second.
The mam question was oidered to be put; the
amendment of the Committee of the Whole was
concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be engross-
ed for a third reading "now."
The bill was read a third time, and the question
recurred on its passage.
Mr. WRIGHT of Indiana moved to recommit
the bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, with
instructions to strike out the following proviso:
"That no pension shall hereafter commence before
the day on which the application of the person
claiming it shall have been -filed with the commis-
sioner."
He said if gentleman wanted to change the pen-
sion laws, let them do it by bill; let the subject go
before the appropriate committee, and then let the
judgment of the House be passed upon it, as one of
the laws of the land, and not slick it on a bill for the
appropriation of money.
If we were commencing a system of pensions,
this would be right; but in this case, we are discrimi-
nating upon the most worthy class of pensioners.
All the pension laws heretofore passed, with but one
exception, have fixed a time at which all those who
come under it shall commence drawing their pen-
sions. The pension act of 1832, the acts granting
pensions to widows, of 1836 and 1838—all fix a date
at which the pensions shall commence. Now,
you propose to say that no pensioner shall receive
any money that hereafter applies, only from the
date of his application. More than nine-tenths who
have obtained their pensions, have drawn back
from the time that the law fixed for the commence-
ment of pensions, and those who have been sup-
ported by friends and relatives—those who have not
asked for the munificence of their government, some
in the decline of life—the more needy—are to be de-
nied this right, which you have heretofore given
to the active, and no doubt the least worthy. He
said he felt anxious that the proviso m the biil would
be stricken out.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. VINTON moved an adjoursment.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and, be-
ing ordered, they resulted thus: Yeas 79, nays 80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Messrs. Winthrop and Tucker were appointed
tellers on the question of seconding the demand for
the previous question; and they reported 64 in the
affirmative and 53 m the negative. So there was a
a second.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
which was on the passage of the bill; (the previous
question cutting off the motion to recommit;) and
the bill was passed.
EMPLOYMENT OF FOLDERS.
Mr. JAMESON said there were 50,000 docu-
ments in the folding room, which were accumula-
ting there in consequence of a deficiency of persons
employed in that department; he wished, therefore,
to introduce a resolution to authorize the superin-
tendent of that room to employ four assistants at a
compensation of $2 per diem.
There were objections made in different parts of
the House.
Mr. WELLER moved a suspension of the rules
for its introduction.
The motion was agreed to, and the resolution
was introduced.
Mr. C. JOHNSON suggested that it should be
limited to the present session of Congress; and it
was so modified.
Mr. JAMESON moved the previoxis question;
having amended the resolution, on the suggestion of
Mr. Dromooolf., by substituting "door-keeper" for
superintendent.
The question was then propounded on second-
ing the demand for the previous question; but, on
"Mr. DICKEY'S motion, the House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. McCLERNARD: Petitions of numerous
citizens of the States of Kentucky and Illinois, pray-
ing Congress to establish a two-horse post coach
from Paduca, in the first named State, via Metropo-
lis city, in Monroe, Vienna, in Johnson, and Frank-
fort, m Franklin counties, to Mount Vernon, m
Jefferson county, in said last named State: refeired
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roods.
Also, a petition from the citizens of Pope and Mon-
roe counties, praying Congress to establish a post
route from Golconda to Metropolis city,"in the State
of Illinois: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By CHARLES M. READ: Memorial of John
L. Kimberly and 79 others, ship owners and ship-
ping merchants, of the city of Buffalo, praying that
the commerce, shipping,"and navigation of the lakes,
from Lake Ontario to Lake Michigan, be placed
under and regulated by the maritime-law of the
United States. Also, the petition of C. A. Derick-
son and 78 citizcns of Meadville, asking Congress
to extend the national road from some point at the
base of Laurel Hill to the city of Pittsburg, and
from thence, by Meadville, to the harbor at Erie.
By Mr. BURKE: Petition of Charles Wilkes
and others, praying for remuneration for losses sus-
tained by the officers and crew of the United States
ship Peacock, wrecked at the mouth of the Colum-
bia river, in the service of the exploring expedition.
By Mr. BOYD: Two petitions for the establish-
ment of a two-horse line of post coaches from Padu-
cah, Kentucky, to Mount Vernon, Illinois.
By Mr. MURPHY: Petition of Lieutenant James
Glynn, for an appropriation to defray the expenses
of certain coast surveys therein mentioned: referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. DROMGOOLE: Petition of Samuel
' Jones, heretofore presented: referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. SAMPLE: Petition of Willys Peck and
71 others, citizens of the ninth congressional dis-
trict of the State of Indiana, praying an amendment
of the constitution, Tso that the third clause of the
second section of the first article shall read in the
following words: "Representatives and direct taxes
shall be apportioned among the several States,
which are or may be included within this Union,
according to their respective numbers of free per-
sons, including Indians, not taxed."
By Mr BYRAM GREEN: Petition of one hun-
dred and fifty-eight citizens of the county ofWayne,
New York, asking for a reduction of the rate of
postage.
By Mr. A. V. BROWN: The petition of the as-
signees of Williamson Smith, praying indemnity
under a certain contract for the removal of the
Cherokee Indians; which was referred the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of Turner Chamblin, of Tennes-
see, praying compensation for a horse, turned over
to the United States, and the loss of equipage in the
Florida campaign; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
By Mr. HUGHES: The petition of sundry citi-
zcns of Daviess and Clinton counties, Missouri,
asking Congress to allow Levi Baldock additional
compensation for carrying the mail from Gallatin,
in Daviess county, to Sandville, in Clinton county.
By Mr. ANDERSON: The petition of Thomas
J. Wilcox and forty-five other persons, residents of
Rockland county, New York, asking Congress to
amend the present, naturalization laws, and prohibit
the admission of paupers or convicts into the United
States, from any foreign country whatever: referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. STILES: The memorial of the Savannah
Chamber of Commerce, praying a reduction of
postage: referred to the Committee on the Post Office,
and Post Roads.
By Mr. TYLER: The petition of Laban Hos-
kins and others, of Cayuga county, New York,
praying for a reduction of the rates of' postage and
for the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. A. SMITH: The petition of George
W. Wright and 60 others, citizens of Genesee coun-
ty, New York, praying for a reduction of postage
and abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BOSSIER: The petition of Alfred Flour-
noy and one hundred and twenty-five others, citizens
of the parish of Caddo, Louisiana, praying for the
annexation of Texas to the United States: referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Also, the
petition of one hundred and sixty citizens of the
parishes of Ouachita and Union, Louisiana, and of
Union county, in Arkansas, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail-route from Monroe, Louisana, by
Jonesborough, in Union parish, thence to the court
house, in Union county, in Aikansas: referred to
the Cmnnuttee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mi. JOHN W. DAVIS: The petition of
Richard Merrill and twenty-two other citizens of
Knox county, Indiana, asking a donation of land to
complete the Wabash and Erie Conal to the Ohio
river. Also, the petition of Alfred Davis and forty-
eight other citizens of Davies county, Indiana, pray-
ing the same object. Also, the petition of William
Bradford and one hundred and six other citizens of
Davies county, Indiana, asking the same object.
Also, the petition of Jesse Harbin and ninety-two
other citizens of Knox county, Indiana, asking the
same object.
By Mr. BUFFINGTON: The petition of M. P.
White and one hundred and two other citizens of
Butler county, Pennsylvania, praying for the con-
struction of a national Macadamized road from the
Cumberland road, by way of the arsenals of Pitts-
burg and Meadville, to the harbor of Erie. Abo,
