Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,361
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Evans.
Senaie.
the act, but to the true cause—the increase in the
price of cotton. The same is true, also, though not
to so great an extent, in regard to tobacco.
[Mr. E. read the prices at New Orleans, in Jan-
uary, 1843, and January, 1844.]
The advance is small, to be sure, but it is sonic-
thing—four or five per cent.; enough at all events to
show there has been no such falling off as the hon-
orable senator supposes.
Now, if these facts be so, (and I do not see how
they can be controverted,) how can be said
that the act of 1842 has been ruinous to the South?
They buy cheaper; they sell dearer. Is that inju-
rious? The senator no doubt will say, so far as
this result lias been brought about, it is very good;
but it is not the consequence of your act; if that act had
not passed, we should have done better still; it has
prevented us from buying still lower, and selling
still higher. That can never be known. It is a
mere speculation. I must be, alio wed, however,
very strongly to doubt it. The honorable senator's
theory, to be sure, leads that way; but I know of
no facts, no experience, to justify such a conclusion.
They are ail the other way.
The honorable senator's great purpose is to in-
crease the price of cotton, and to diminish the price
of manufactures. These are what he desires. Does
the honorable senator suppose that if he can enhance
the price of cotton, other things are not to rise also?
Are they to decline while cotton goes up? In the
first place, it is evident that manufactures of cotton
must rise. The fabrics with which cotton manu-
factures come in competition will rise also; wool-
lens, silks, linens, and other manufactured articles.
What does the honorable senator gain by that' He
Bells higher, but he pays higher. How is the con-
sumer benefited? In the honorable senator's theory,
these commodities are chiefly to come from abroad.
Our own producers are to have none of the benefit
of this improvement in prices, because if they sup-
ply the demand the additional forty millions will
not be imported; and if not imported, cotton will
not advance. That is to be effected only by in-
creased importations, taking the place of domestic
productions.
The honorable senator argues that the southern
States are the great exporting States, and hence that
the burden fall upon them. He assumes that
there is no difference between levying the duty
upon the exported and the imported article; in
either case, it falls upon the exporter. 1 luudly know
whether it is worth while to stop to considei the
argument that the South is the great exporting sec-
tion of the country. That it produces upon its soil,
and beneath its genial skies, much the largest por-
tion of our exported productions, I freely admit. It
furnishes the articles of export, but who exports
them' At whose risk? For whose profit? Wo in-
considerable proportion is purchased and paid for
and exported by agents of foreign manufacturers
and foreign houses themselves. If every bale is
shipwrecked on the voyage, does the South lose it?
But I omit that matter. The honorable senator says,
practically the exports of the South pay the duties;
that there is no difference between taxing the ex-
ports, and taxing the imports which arc returned for
tliein. Well, sir, if this be so, I do not know, upon
the senator's own argument, that there is any ground
of complaint. He contends, as a universal princi-
ple, if a duty be levied upon any article, its price is
raised exactly by that amount. What is it to the
planter or the exporter, then, if you do levy a tax
upon his export' When it reaches Liverpool or
Manchester, it goes into market enhanced in price.
The purchaser pays the duty, and nobody but he
can complain. So of the imports; if you levy a du-
ty of forty per cent., according to the senator, you
enhance their price forty per cent. What "can the
importer complain of' Nobody but the person who
purchases of the nnpoiter is taxed, if the honorable
senator's doctrine be sound. In other words, the
burden falls on the consumer. If so, does the burden
of "our icvenue fall on the South? Do they consume
beyond their proportion of the dutiable imports of
the country? Certainly not, sii, and consideringthe
character and wants of a considerable part of its
population, probably the South does not consume
an equal proportion according to its numbers.
I admit, sir, if the South were the exporters of
all that we send abroad, and were the importers of
all that we bring home, and were morever the con-
sumers of all that is imported, the burden would
fall upon them, and it would make very little dif-
ference whether the revenue was raised by a duty
on exports or on imports. There is still, however,
some difference. The article upon which the duty
is laid, goes to market burdened with that duty,
and naturally sinks in price; and it is better that
the article which you buy should sink, than that
which you sell. If the honorable senator exports
cotton, and imports cloths in exchange, it is far bet-
ter for him to sell his cotton at prices not depressed
by duties, and to purchase cloths which are thus
depressed, than to sell low and pay high. It would
be easy to illustrate the difference to the exporter,
whether the duty is laid upon one or the other, but
I have not time to pursue it. The question is,
whether the South pays an undue proportion of
the revenue derived from the customs. Let it be
granted, if the senator pleases, that the South does
actually make all the imports. What becomes of
them? The South does not consume the whole. A
large portion is sold and consumed in other sections
If then, by imposing duties on them, you add to their
cost, as the senator contends, when they are sold
the South obtains full indemnity in the enhanced
price which she receives. The senator says, if he
imports one hundred bales of merchandise, and you
stop twenty of them at the custom-house for du-
ties, you leave him but eighty for his consumption.
So you do; but if this eighty will sell for as much in
the market as the one hundred would, where is the
injury to him? None, unless he intends to consume
the whole himself; in that case, his consumption
will, of course, be diminished. But the South does
not consume the whole. The eighty bales go to
market, and, upon the senator's own showing, are
worth as much as the one hundred would have
been.
[Mr. McDuffie. We consume more than we im-
port.]
That may be so. So does every other section of
the country. The foreign imports enteriag into the
general consumption of the country, area mere frac-
tion of the whole. Do not the North and the West
consumc more than they import, and far beyond the
the value of all their exports? If any such test as
this be applied, it will be found that the South pays
much less than its proportion of the revenue.
The honorable senator has said that the imports,
which are the returns of our exports, are as really
and truly the products of American labor, as the
same amount and description of articles which are
manufactured in this country; and hence that it is
altogether a fallacious idea that there is any com-
petition between American labor and foreign labor
in the production of them. Theic can be, he says,
no competition between the manufacturers of Man-
chester and the manufacturers of Lowell. The com-
petition takes place only when the foreign fabric has
become American property by being exchanged for
American productions, and that it is a competition
entirely between American labor employed in manu-
factures and American labor employed in planting—
between one kind of industry and another kind.
This is more specious than solid. In order to ob-
tain eighty bales of foreign merchandise, the hon-
orable senator is obliged to employ a considciable
amount of foreign labor. He hires and pays the
laborers of another country, instead of his own. It
is true they take the fruits of his industry, which
they want, in exchange. The operation is highly
beneficial to them. But if he would obtain the same
amount of American productions, in exchange for
the fruits of his industry—if he would hire and
pay American laborers for the same work,
would he not benefit them instead of the
foreigner? Is not the competition really be-
tween the manufacturers of Lowell and the manu-
facturers of Manchester, who shall do the labor
which is required, and who shall be paid for it? If 1
employ a tailor in London to make my coat, or a
boot-maker in Paris to make my boots, instead of
the mechanics of my own village, do I not really and
truly give them employment in preference to my
neighbors? Do they not feci the inconveniences of
that preference? I may answer them, indeed, as the
honorable senator has answeied . these clothes and
boots are my own—the fruit of my own industry.
They are really and truly American productions, be-
cause they have been recenedm exchange for Amer-
ican productions; there is no competition, therefore,
between you and the foreign mechanic. It is be-
tween you and me. They would be quite likely to
reply to this: we do not dispute that the coat and
the boots are your own property, but you hired
strangers to make them instead of us. You paid
them in articles which we needed for ourselves and
our families, and should have been glad to have ob-
tained in exchange for our work,; we wanted the
employment and the profits of it, but you have given
it to others; and notwithstanding all you say, we
cannot help feeling that it is foreign labor, and not
American, which has come in competition with our
own. I think, Mr. President, they would hive
rather the best of the argument.
The honorable senator, I will suppose, sends
abroad one hundred bales of cotton to oe manufac-
tured, and the value of it is to be returned in the
fabric which is made from it. Is he aware of die
immense amount of human labor which must be
employed, before it is returned in the finished
form? It is increased in value ten fold, twenty fold,
and in some instances one hundred fold or
more. Now, if the senator, instead of sending it
in a raw state, had employed the laborers in his
neighborhood in advancing it only one stage in this
process of increase—if he had hired it spun into
yarn, and exported it in that state, he would have
added greatly to its value—he would have incorpo-
porated with the value of the raw material, the value
of the labor of hundreds of his neighbors, giving
them employment, remunerating them for their
labor, enabling them to buy and consume more and
better, instead of bestowing these advantages upon
the laborers of other nations. Between whom is
the competition? Is it not between the spinners in
South Carolina; and the spinners in Manchester? He
exports the raw material, the very smallest part of
the value of the manufactured article. It is returned,
increased in value ten fold. His labor is but one-
tenth, and foreign labor nine-tenths of its present
value. If the work had been done at home instead
of abroad, the whole would have been the produce
of American labor, American spinning wheels,
American shuttles and looms, and the whole profit
would have gone into American pockets. Pray
where is the competition? Take another illustration.
Suppose 1 am residing upon a farm. In order to
gather my crops, I want to employ ten laborers in
addition to those I have already. X can obtain them
among my neighbors, or I can obtain them abroad.
I choose to employ the foreigners.
[Mr. McDuffie. Because you can get them at
half price.]
Not so. The matter of price I have already con-
sidered. I employ the foreigners, pay them their
wages, which they carry home , to expend in ad-
vancing their comforts. In the mean time, my
neighbors have been idle. They have earned nothing;
and if they complain to me, I say to them, there
has been no competition between your labor
and foreign labor. These crops are my property,
paid for by my industry, and the only competition
is between you and me. If the foreigners have car-
ried off my money, I have got their labor in ex-
change. 1 doubt whether they would be perfectly
satisfied, that they were just as well off as if they
had done the labor and obtained the money, or that
they would believe there was no competition when
they were starving, and the foreigner was feasting.
If there be no competition, why are foi-eign nations
so anxious to do our work? Is it not because it is
valuable to them? Does it not add to the comforts,
the advantages, the gains of their laborers, and the
wealth of the nation? But a word or two more in
regard to the effect of the act of 1842 on the price of
cotton. How does that act diminish the demand for
this staple, or, what is the same thing, the consump-
tion of cotton fabrics in all the countries of the
world? The price of cotton, like everything else,
is governed by the demand which exists for the
manufactured article, and the supply of the raw
material. So far as the policy of that act promotes
our own industry, and rewards our own laborers, it
adds to their ability to consume, as I have already
shown, and a portion of this increased capacity will
be exercised in the consumption of cotton. This
country consumes already, I think, about one-quar-
ter of all the production of the planting States—or
nearly so. The annual product is about two mil-
lions of bales.
[Mi. Shier said,sometimes it has been 9,400,000
bales.]
Perhaps so. The average, however, of a few
years past, is not far from two millions. The ex-
ports last year were 1,600,000 bales. If the senator
from Arkansas is right as to the quantity produced,
it would leave for home consumption 800,000 bales,
which is not probable. We probably consume from
400,000 to 500,000 bales—from one-fifth to one-
quarter of the whole product. Now, the senator
from South Carolina proposes, instead of retaining
this quantity to be manufactured here, to send it
abroad, to Liverpool and Manchester. What is to
