362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
be the effect on prices there? Does he not see that
an export of 1,600,000 bales has very fully supplied,
if not over supplied, the foreign demand.'' Any con-
siderable addition to that supply must inevitably
reduce the price, unless the increased demand for the
manufactured article keep pace with the supply.
What has reduced the price in Liverpool so low at
the last dates, but an over supply, and the expecta-
tion of a large crop in this country , yet to be re-
ceived there? The price in New York is quite as
high, and I believe higher, in fact, than it was in
Liverpool at the last dates from England.
Now, Although they anticipated a crop of 1,800,-
000 bales only, yet they did not expect much in-
crease in the price, from the fact that so large a sup-
ply was still on hand, equal to near four months'
consumption. The stock in Liverpool in Decem-
ber, was 450,000 bales, against 230,000 bales, the
corresponding period of the preceding year. If the
honorable senator wishes to raise the price of cotton
in Europe, the best mode of doing so is to keep back
a portion of the crops, instead of sending more. Let
him diminish the supply there, and he will do some-
ting towards enhancing the price. But if the honor-
able senator should be successful, if the price of cot-
ton could be enhanced to what it was in 1835 and
1836, how is the South to be permanently benefited?
.What will be the final result? In the first place, pro-
duction would be largely stimulated; price of lands
and laborers would rise, as well as the prices of
every thing else necessary in the cultivation of cot-
ton. The planter might obtain more, but he would
be compelled to pay more. . He would buy his lands
and negroes at greatly augmented prices. The fexces-
sive production would soon over supply the wants of
the world, and rapid decline would be inevitable; and
while his productions are thus falling, he will be
obliged to retain his lands and slaves at the aggrava-
ted price which he paid for them. His capital re-
mains fixed. There can be no permanent benefit or
security in increasing the price of cotton, unless at
the same time you can increase the demand and con-
sumption of the fabrics made from it; for unless
these be increased, any advance in it will be tempo-
rary, and will be followed by a disastrous decline.
The honorable senator says that all the South de-
sires m this matter is, to be let alone; to be allowed
to manage their own affairs, in their own way; to
seek their natural markets, and carry on their natu-
ral trade, unobstructed. However desirable that
may be to the South, whether fortunately or unfor-
tunately for her, it cannot be done. That is not the
basis upon which South Carolina, and the other
States composing this Union, erected this general
government as one government, and established this
constitution as one constitution, for the whole.
South Carolina has shared largely in the securities
of this constitution, and participated in no small de-
gree in shaping the policy which the government
has pursued. Sir, it is too late now to repine: she
cannot be let alone, to pursue her own separate pol-
icy, in relation to matters which she has confided to
the general government. The very object and pur-
pose of forming this constitution was, that no State
should be left alone to pursue a system of measures
injurious to other States. She came into the Union
for weal or for wo. She came into it to share in
the administration of the government of the whole
Union, She has that right; but she must submit to
the restraint, voluntarily assumed, as others submit,
also, for the common good. The interests of the
whole are leagued; and the stability, the happiness,
and the renown of each are interwoven with those
of the others. The establishment of this govern-
ment was with a view to prevent the very thing
which the senator says he seeks to accomplish. It
was to prevent that State, or any other State, from
admitting foreign commodities on terms different
from the other States. It was to establish one uni-
form policy, one system, one regulation of trade,
binding on thewhole.^ The want of this general
controlling power had been attended with the most
miechievous consequences. Therefore it was, sir,
that no State was to be left alone, as the honorable
senator now desires. Great Britain, at that day,
\vas not regarded as natural market of South Caro-
lina. A different feeling then existed in the bosoms
of her patriotic citizens—a feeling of union and at-
tachment towards their brethren of other sections—
fellow-laborers and fellow-sufferers with them in the
great cause of freedom and independence.
No, sir; if South Carolina, and the other planting
States, are laboring under oppression and grievances
there are abundant causes for it independent of the
act of 1842, or the policy of protection upon which
it is supposed to be founded. I have already alluded
to one of them—to over-production of cotton. That
was occasioned, in a great degree, by the very state
of things which the honorable senator wants to bring
about again—a large increase in its price. New and
more fertile lands were brought into cultivation, and
sold for enormous prices. Speculation ran high;
credit was stretched to the utmost. The production
of cotton was immensely increased. This was a
state of things which could not last; and in calmly
surveying the wrecks which it left- behind, who can
perceive that the South has been, in the smallest
degree, benefited by the high prices which cotton at-
tained in those years of enormous speculation? Who
does not see that it is infinitely worse off? But,
besides this cause, which applies to the South, gen-
erally, South Carolina, and the older of the cotton-
growing regions, labor under another grievance
peculiar to themselves; and that is, that they
cannot come in competition, in growing cotton, with
the more productive and fertile soils of Alabama and
Mississippi. These latter States, by reason of
fresher fields, and a more genial climate, can raise
this great staple very considerably cheaper than
South Carolina or Georgia can; and of course South
Carolina and Georgia must sell their productions,
not at their own cost, but at the cost of growing
them in more favored spots. At the present prices
of cotton, Alabama and Mississippi would be most
prosperous and flourishing States, if it were not for
the heavy indebtedness which they'incurred for
lands and labor during the period of excessive prices
in 1835 and 1836. If they had obtained their lands
and laborers at anything like reasonable rates, com-
pared with present prices, they would now be accu-
mulating wealth, even when South Carolina and the
older States are scarcely sustaining themselves. And
how far is this process of increasing the production
to be carried? What new regions are to be opened
for its cultivation? If the United States are to stretch
their boundaries, not only to the Pacific, but, for
anything I know, to the equator, in this growing
lust for dominion and territory, what boundless re-
gions for the growth of cotton will be opened? Does
South Carolina expect then to be able to compete
with these more fertile fields? No, sir; she will be
obliged to do what the senator supposes she may
soon be driven to do from other causes-—to become
a manufacturing State herself. Her planters will be
compelled to emigrate to more productive soils, or to
apply their labor to other and better pursuits. They
can no more raise cotton in competition with their
southern neighbors than the northern States can now
raise it in competition with them. These, sir, are
the true causes of the depression of industry in
South Carolina, if industry is depressed there, as
the honorable senator affirms. Anything which he
can do to stimulate the production of more cotton,
will only add to the depression which it now suffers.
Tile honoiable senator complains of the act of
1842, as a violation of the "compromise" act.
What is the "compromise" act? Is there any law
on the statute book by that title? Is there any law
purporting to be a law of compromise? None what-
ever. The word occurs in no act whatever. The
law referred to is, precisely like any other, and
every other enacted by Congress, to be amended,
repealed, or modified, whenever it becomes neces-
sary, from a proper regard to public interest, to re-
peal, modify, or amend it. Now, sir, what was the
last Congress to do? What ought it to have done?
It found the revenue of the country far short of its
expenditures, and rapidly declining—public credit
prostrate—business everywhere at a stand—distress
spreading far and wide—and general consternation
pervading the community. What were we to do?
Something was imperiously required of us. Were
we to stop on the very \ erge of national ruin? Were
we to see all the interests of the country perilled,
rather than to touch a law enacted in 1832, (which
had been the cause, as we believed, of much of the
mischief,) because it had been denominated a com-
pf oitsiVlaw? No, sir; it was the duty of Congress,
in some way, to accomplish what has, in fact, been
accomplished. Whether it is attributable to the act
of 1842 or not, the revenue of the government has
restored—commeice has revived—public credit has
been placed on a firm foundation—the value of labor
and of property has been enhanced—confidence pre-
vails—and the cloud of dismay which overshadowed
the land, has been dispersed. These things have
been done, and done in some way since the act of
1842 passed. We attribute it mainly to the passage
of that act. We predicted such would be the con-
sequences. We enacted the law with a view to
such results. And we now say, leave it undis-
turbed—let it work out its fUll effects—test it by
still further experience; "and if it fail to justify our
confident anticipations, it will be early enough to
repeal it when that failure shall become manifest.
The honorable senator from South Carolina ad-
monishes the manufacturers not to pursue this poli-
cy too far. They will become, he says, the victims
of their own destructive system if they persevere in
it any longer. He addresses himself to the manu-
facturers. He supposes that they have had the
adroitness to force this measure upon Congress—
that they dictated the provisions of the act. No, sir;
no such thing. It was forced upon us by the prostrate
condition of the country—by the ruin of the public
credit—by the bankruptcy of the treasury. The
manufacturers indeed! they responsible for the mon-
strous features of the bill—for the ingenuity of the
minimum principle! That principle, if I recollect
aright, was first introduced in the act of 1816, which
passed under the lead of the late colleague of the
honorable senator, [Mr. Calhoun,] and, as I have al-
ways supposed, was in no small degree attributable
to his agency. But the honorable senator says it is
time this question was settled, and he admonishes
the manufacturers not to press it any further. Sir,
they wish it settled as much as the senator or any
body else can. They suppose it is settled. Who
disturbs it? Who renews agitation? It is settled,
and it will remain settled if the honorable senator
and those who act with him will allow him to re-
main. If he and they will allow it the benefit of two
or three years' experience, he will find it settled to
general acceptance and satisfaction. Prove it, bat
do not obstruct it. Look to results. Look to ex-
perience. If it be hot settled now, let it be settled
by the new lights to be gained from these sources.
It can never be settled by agitation—by controversy
—by theory; but by facts—by experience—by
knowledge.
The honorable senator inquires what New Eng-
land will do if South Carolina or the South should
become manufacturing States, and should refuse to
sell us their cotton? I doubt whether South Caro-
lina will ever find it for her interest to refuse selling
her cotton to any body who will pay for it, (and I
believe New England has hitherto contrived to do
that;) she will piobably always be willing to sell it
where she finds the readiest market and best price.
But what will New England do? Why, sir, she
will do the best she can. She has been able, so far,
to meet all the difficulties which have beset her, and
to surmount them. New England, sir, had ac-
quired some little place among the nations of the
earth, a great while before South Carolina raised
one pound of cotton. She had some population m
1776, and some wealth. She had commerce and
navigation of no inconsiderable extent, which drew
from one of the most elegant and philosophical
statesmen of Great Britain a high and deserved eu-
logium. She began her navigation at a very early
period. It was not twenty years from the landing
of the pilgrims on the rock of Plymouth, notwith-
standing all the disasters attending their settlement.,
before that infant colony had forty sail of vessels
afloat. There was no cotton in South Carolina then.
New England increased ill population and wealth
without manufacturing the cotton of South Caro-
lina, and was able not only to sustain herself, but
to fight the battles of the mother country against
her ancient enemy, and to conquer for her no in-
considerable possessions on this continent. The
blood of New England was poured out on the
heights of Mount A braham, and on many a battle
fielil besides, in the war of 1756, between France
and England. Considering all that she did in her
infancy, and contrasting her ability now in her
maturity, I do not know but she might survive the
great calamity which the senator supposes would
overtake her, if South Carolina should become a
rival in manufacturing.
Sir, 1 believe it would add considerably to .the
wealth and prosperity of New England, if by manu-
facturing or by any other means the prosperity and
population of South Carolina could be increased. If
you can add to her capacity of producing cotton the
capacity of manufacturing it, you add to her popu-
lation, and thereby to her ability to become consu-
mers of the productions of the North. In that way
you add to the prosperity of New England. The
more one is advanced, the more the other will be
advanced. I have seen the cotton manufactures of
Petersburg, in Virginia, 3old in Boston, and even in
the village in which I reside. New England mer-
chants buy them, and New England vessels bring
