3JS
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the report now made by the Committee on Ac-
counts.
[Mr. S. then read the resolution.]
The House would perceive that this resolution
placed at the disposal pf the doorkeeper of the
House, the appointment of ten messengers and
eight pages, whose salaries were fixed. The Com-
mittee on Accounts recommended a change of the
entire number, viz: thirteen messengers, and six
pages. This change was asked on the ground that
some difficulty had occurred in regard to the fold-
ing of the documents by the boys who were em-
ployed as pages; and upon the further ground that
the doorkeeper ought to have the control of this
labor. But it appeared to him that there could be rio
necessity for a change on this ground, because the
doorkeeper now had the control, both over the ap-
pointment, and the distribution of the labor, of the
messengers and the pages. It was equally unneces-
sary, he thought, to reduce the number of pages, and
increase that of the messengers, for he would un-
undertake to say that the pages, if active boys were
selected, would be found to be better folders than
men. If any difficulties had occurred, they must
have arisen from a defect in the administration of
the existing regulations, and not from any defect of
those regulations themselves. If additional service
was actually required, it would only be necessary
to introduce a resolution for the employment of an
additional messenger; but he was altogether op-
posed to the diminution of the number of pages;
and by way of testing the sense of the House upon
this subject, he would again move that the whole
subject be laid upon the table.
Mr. JAMESON inquired whether that motion
was in order.
The SPEAKER applied in the affirmative.
Mr. M. BROWN called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. PAYNE desired the gentleman from Virgin-
ia [Mr. Summers] to withdraw his motion for a
moment, to enable him to offer an amendment,
promising to renew the motion if the gentleman
desired it, after he had stated to the House the ad-
ditional resolution which he proposed to offer.
Mr. SUMMERS accordingly withdrew his mo-
tion, and
Mr. PAYNE sent to the Clerk's table the following
resolution, which was read:
Be it further resolved, That hereafter, no document
or other paper shall lie folded by any of the clerks,
or folders for this House, except public documents,
newspapers, or speeches delivered in Congress by
the members thereof.
Mr. PAYNE said his own impression was, that
the practice that had grown up of late years, of fold-
ing all sorts of documents in the offices and folding
rooms of the Capitol, to be sent abroad, was an evil
which ought to be arrested. He did not speak
from personal knowledge, but he was informed that
the system had been carried to a horrid extent, of
sending out through the mails, from the rooms of the
Capitol, party documents for the purpose of produ-
cing party results. This evil was so great and man-
ifest during the last Congress, that it occurred to him
something ought to be done to prevent its recurrence.
He was informed that the system had been ;igain
commenced; that certain Junius tracts were folded
and disseminated throughout the country from this
Capitol. Independently of this, he understood there
was a new series of Tippecanoe song books dedica-
ted to Mr. Clay, which were being folded and sent
abroad from the folding rooms of the Capitol. Be-
sides this, the fifty-two reasons why Mr. Van Buren
should not be elected, were now being folded.
He did not make this statement from an intimate
knowledge of the facts, but he understood it was
so; and, without intending to impute anything im-
proper to those gentlemen who were engaged in this
system of electioneering, he must be permitted to
say, that the employment of the officers of this
House, and the stationery belonging to Congress,
for these purposes, was a fraud upon the govern-
ment. It was for the purpose of checking this
abuse in its incipient stage, that he offered the re.-'o-
lutions which he had now submitted. He would
renew the motion to lay the subject upon the table,
being bound to do so; but he hoped it would not be
laid upon the table, but that the resolution he had
offered would be adopted.
Mr. SUMMERS requested the gentleman from
Alabama to withdraw the motion again; which was
consented to, and accordingly withdrawn; when
Mr. DROMGOOLE, rose and renewed the motion
to lay the subject upon the table.
The yeas and nays were then ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 98, nay3 71, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Benton, Blackwell,
Bossier, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhofi", William
J. Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chap-
man, Cobb, Cullom, Dana, John W. Davis, Dickey, Dil-
lingham, Duncan, Dunlap, Farlee, Ficklin, French, Gid-
dings, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammett, Henley,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hun-
gerford, James B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Perley
B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George "W. Jones, Andrew
Kennedy, Preston King, Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lump-
kin, McCauslen, McClelland, McClernand, McConnefl,
McDowell, Mathews, Mot)re, Norris, Owen, Parmenter,
Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Hitter,
Roberts, Robinson, Russell, Senter, T. H. Seymour, David
L. Seymour, Simons, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson,
John Stewart, Stone, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker,
Weller, Wentworth, "Wheaton, "Williams, Woodward, Jo-
seph A. Wright, and Yost—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer, Belser,
Milton Brown, Buffington, Campbell, Carroll, Chilton,
Clinch, Clingman, Clinton, Coles, Cranston, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, R. D. Davis, Deberry, Dickinson, Dromgoole, Elmer,
Fish, Foot, "Willis Green, Harper, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll. Joseph R. lngcrsoll, Jenks, John
P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Lyon. Maclay, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, Morse, Moseley. Murphy, Nes, Newton. Patterson,
Payne, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt,
Rayner, Charles M. Reed, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers,
Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Severance, Caleb B. Smith,
Andrew Stewart, Summers, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler,
Yance, Vinton, Wethered, "White, and Winthrop—71.
Mr. SCHENCK asked if a motion to reconsider
would be debatable.
The SPEAKER said that it would not.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill making appropria-
tions of certain moneys in the treasury for the
naval service; which was read twice, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LYON, who voted with the majority, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill to repave
the Pennsylvania avenue was yesterday laid on the
table.
Mr. SAUNDERS observed that he voted to lay
the bill on the table, but he would now vote for the
reconsideration, with a view of having the bill re-
committed to the committee with instructions to re-
port, as a substitute for it, a bill of the Senate of
the last session, appropriating $28,000.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the ques-
tion of reconsideration on the table; and the yeas
and nays having been called, resulted m yeas DO,
nays G9.
LEAD MINES.
Mr. HOGE, on leave, introduced a bill to author-
ize the President of the United States to cause the
icserved lead mines in the State of Illinois* and Ter-
ritories of Iowa and Wisconsin, to be sold; which
was twice read, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
RESIGNATION OF MR. BEARDSLEY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Hon. Samuel Beardsley, stating that he
had transmitted to the Governor of the State of
New York his resignation of his seat in Congress
as a representative from that State; and taking leave
of the House with expressions of respect and es-
teem: laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. INGERSOLL, the Speaker
was authorized to fill the vacancy m the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, occasioned by the resignation of
Mr. Beardsley.
VIRGINIA RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DROMGOOLE presented the following re-
solutions of the legislature of the State of Virginia:
PREAMBLE AND RESOLUTIONS.
The governor oftliis Common wealth having, in his
last annual message, communicated to the general
assembly the resolutions of the general assembly of
the State of Massachusetts, adopted March 23,
1843, and having this day communicated the reso-
lutions of the same body, passed on the 15th and 16th
of January, 1844, all of said resolutions proposing to
amend the constitution of the United States so as to
apportion representation and taxation among the
several States according to their respective number
of free persons, excluding Indians not taxed; of
which resolutions it is proper that this assembly
should take some notice:
It is well known that the recognition and protec-
tion of the peculiar interests of the slaveholding
States, by making the slaves a part of the basis of
representation ana taxation in the federal govern-
ment, was a compromise upon which the federal
union of the States was formed, was acknowledged
by Massachusetts in convention as the language of
all America, adopted in the federal convention by a
vote almost unanimous, and is essential to the peace,
welfare, and continuance of the slaveholding States
of this Union: therefore,
Resolved unanimously by the general assembly of Vir-
ginia, 1. That we cannot regard these resolutions as
in truth a proposition to amend the federal constitu-
tion, but virtually one to dissolve the Union.
2. That, whilst we have forborne the expression
of complaint at the disturbance of the peace and
safety of the South, by the agitation of the subject
of our peculiar domestic institutions by individuals
and voluntary societies at the North, we regard this
attack, by the highest constitutional authority of a
sister State, as in the highest degree unjust, unkind
faithless to the compromises of the constitution, and
meriting the deepest condemnation of every patriot
and friend of the Union.
3. That when we look back to those periods of
our history when Massachusetts and Virginia co-
operated so cordially, zealously, and effectively, in
achieving our independence, and securing it by the
adoption of our federal constitution, we cannot but
regard this attack with increased regret and ab-
horence.
4. That the governor of this Commonwealth be,
and he is hereby, requested to communicate copies
of the foregoing preamble and resolutions to the
governors of the several States, with the request that
they may be laid before their respective legislatures;
to the senators and representatives in Congress from
Virginia, and especially to return the original reso-
lutions to the governor of Massachusetts.
Adopted by the general ^assembly, February 15,
1844.
The resolutions having been read,
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to refer them to a se-
lect committee of nine.
Mr. BELSER asked permission to offer certain
resolutions of the legislature of Alabama, on the
same subject.
Mr. WINTHROP asked if it would be in order
to call up the resolutions of the Massachusetts le-
gislature, some time since offered by his colleague,
[Mr. Adams.] He should be willing that all such
resolutions should come in under the same general
permission, otherwise he should object to any.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER put the question on seconding
the demand for the previous question; and 51 voted
in the affirmative, which was not a sufficient num-
ber.
Mr. SLIDELL and others called for tellers, and
they were ordered; and Messrs. Haralson and
Clinch having been appointed, they reported 72 in
the affirmative, and 36 in the negative, which was
less than a quorum.
The SPEAKER remarked that there was evident-
ly a quorum in the House. He therefore request-
ed gentlemen to vote either one way or the other.
The tellers again took the vote, and reported 83
in the affirmative, and 40 in the negative. So there
was a second.
The SPEAK1JR then put the question, "Shall
the main question be now put?1'
Mr. WINTHROP called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
thus- yeas 128, nays 34. So the main question
was ordered to be put.
The question then recurred on the motion to re-
fer to a select committee of nine; which was agreed
to.
Mr. BELSER again asked permission to present
the resolutions of the legislature of Alabma.
Mr. ADAMS also asked the permission of
the House to call up the resolutions of the legisla-
ture of Massachusetts, on the same subject.
Mr. DUNCAN, who had the floor on the special
order for this day, was unwilling at this time to
yield; and the permission asked for was, in conse-
quence, not granted.
ELECTION OF ELECTORS FOR PRESIDENT
AND VICE PRESIDENT.
The special order for this day was Mr. Duncan's
bill entitled "A bill to amend an act entitled 'an act
relative to the election of a President and Vice Pres-
ident of the United States, and declaring the officer
who shall act as President in vacancies in
the offices both of President a d Vic '• President "
approved March 1st, 1792. '
This bill proposes that the time of choosing the
