April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Bowlin.
H. of Reps,
before us, that that bill will be acted upon and passed
before the closc of the session.
But why, Mr. Chairman, this allusion to the
Georgia claims? Is it an appeal to the avarice of
her people? Are they, too, to be blinded by the af-
fected sympathy of a party who wholly neglectcd
them when they had ample power to relieve? In
power, they were deaf to the voice of justice; out of
power, they set up a whining sympathy over the
evils resulting from their own negligence, to induce
the people to trust them again. But the veil is too
thin to conceal the design. While you are pouring
out your invective upon a former administration for
neglect of claimants, the people will ask you, why-
did you not, in the plentitude of your power, repair
the evil? But, aside from these hypocritical wait-
ings over neglected claimants, what have these
claims to do with the business before the House?
Has the gentleman himself no regard for the proper
economy and administration of the time of the
House, and the money of the people, that he and
his friends should thus waste hour after hour, and
day after day, in making and provoking party
speeches? The gentleman manifested a predetermi-
nation to inflict upon the House a party speech on
this question, even should it be at the hazard of the
rich internal commerce of the West, and the lives
of her people. Strange infatuation of party malig-
nity, when it has usurped the great considerations
of humanity, justice, national prosperity, and na-
tional pride. 1 could almost wish the gentleman
could have been a witness of the wreck of the
Shepherdess, that he might have heard those start-
ling shrieks across the midnight waters, of helpless
women and children lingering in the jaws of death—-
that he might have heard those fearful groans of
the strong man sinking beneath the wave, within
view of the gleaming lights of St. Louis, the harbor
of his hopes—that he could have beheld the scores
of our fellow-creatures within sight of port, dream-
ing not of danger, but of home and its endearments,
severed in a moment from kindred and from friends,
from earth and all its bright associations forever.
Yes, sir, I could almost wish that the gentleman
had been a spectator of this fearful and dreadful
scene. Such a sight could not but have awakened
in him strong feelings of natural sympathy for those
who are constantly exposed to like calamities.
Such a scene would have induced him, if he could
not have yielded his hearty support to the appro-
priations in this bill, to at least restrain the manifes-
tations of opposition in a manner so unfair, but yet
so potent ill its effects.
But, sir, what is the gentleman's real position on
this question? May not his course this day, serve to
illustrate that position, and at the same time account
for the recent indications of hostility from Mr.
Clay to the improvements of the West' I know
not whether this change of sentiment in the great
whig leader has been the result of premeditated
vengeance towards the western States, for refusing
to adopt his political creed. It is notorious, that
amongst the last acts of his political career
here, he manifested a change of opinion on
some of the western improvements. Was it the
fact of the profession and popularity of political
principles predominant in Indiana, Illinois, and
Missouri, in opposition to the political creed of Mr.
Clay that effected the change? Or was it a convic-
tion that his former policy had been radically wrong?
Whatever may have been the cause, the course of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. G. Davis,] in
carrying out this new creed of their chief, by war-
ring from a masked battery against this bill, has
been too apparent to delude the most credulous.
The veil thrown around the true object is so trans-
parent, that even the blind might read it. He has
given the measure that ought to have received his
hearty and zealous co-operation, a mortal thrust;
and I care not what the gentleman's vote may be,
01- what he may hereafter say in vindication of the
justice and necessity of these appropriations, he has
excited a spirit of distrust, and awakened an acri-
mony of hostility, by an appeal to paity and sec-
tional prejudices, to which, if the bill shall be lost,
we may attribute the sacrifice of the measure. To
raise a'storm is one thing; to direct it is another.
I have before observed, that the course of the
gentleman to day was m conformity with the
change of policy which has been betrayed latteilv
by the great leader of his party. Mr. Clay himself,
in'the session of 1840, voted against an appropria-
tion for the Cumberland road, the darling idol of his
earlier political life; and h is faithful friend seems to
be emulating his example, by bestowing on this
bill, so trifling in amount, and so important in its
application, a side blow more deadly than the thrusts
of an open enemy. It is passing strange that the
gentleman should have fallen upon so suicidal a
course of opposition, considering his relations to the
West, leaving alike the lives of her people and their
rich commerce to the hazards of a perilous naviga-
tion, without an etfort for their rescue.
Following the gentleman as nearly as possible in
his denunciations, his next point, Mr. Chairman, in
his speech upon this improvement bill, was an ex
parte commentary upon the condition of the finances
under the administration of Mr. Van Buren and
others, and the whig administration of the govern-
ment since 1840, respectively and comparatively.
He has gone into a very labored detail to show that
every Congress which had assembled in this Capitol
for many years past, (always excepting the glorious
and immortal 97th Congress,) was composed of men
distinguished only for their reckless and culpable ex-
travagance. All, or nearly all, for a series of years,
(exceptingtlie immaculate 27th,) had been composed
of a most notorious set of squanderers of the public
funds, according to the gentleman's summing up of
his political statistics.
As it regards these charges upon former adminis-
trations, they have been made so frequently and so
clamorously by the whig party, by way of directing
public attention from their own reckless and wanton
extravagance, that they have lost their point. The
peoplehave been amused with thecry of'stop thief!"
until they have learned to look amongst the most
boisterous for the true offender. They are sick of
this clamor from a party peculiarly distinguished
for squandering the public money; and the adminis-
trations assailed need no defence on my part.
But in what, sir, does the glory of the late 27th
Congress consist? In the shortness of its sessions'
in the despatch of important business beneficial to
the people.'or in the economy effected in the savings
of the government' Let u's for a moment examine;
and, without going into detail, I shall present only
some of its most glaring features. It is admitted by
the gentleman himself (and though disputed, will
be assumed for the sake of the argument) that the
wings came into power with a debt upon the federal
treasury of eight millions of dollars; and the records
will exhibit the fact, that, at the expiration of two
years from the installation of the whig party into
power, this debt was run up to the enormous sum of
thirty millions, being an augmentation of eleven
millions per annum.
We shall perhaps be told that it was not a whig
but a Tyler administration, that is to be held respon-
sible for this most extraordinary increase of the na-
tional debt. I deny the justice of this apology.
The expenditures and pecuniary liabilities of the
government arise from the acts of Congress, and not
from those of the executive; and, as far as regards
the national appropriations from the public treasu-
ry, the whig party alone are justly responsible the
country. It was a whig Congress which, through
excessive appropriations, almost interminable ses-
sions, and reckless expenditures upon favorites, so
speedily raised the public debt up to thirty millions
of dollars. Mr. Tyler had 110 power to appropriate
a single dollar, or to expend a dollar appropriated,
bu^ as the whig Congress, the glorious 97th had
prescribed. The whig party—the universal whig
party, from Mr. Clay at the head, to the humblest
follower in his train, are therefore alone responsible
for this unprecedented acccssion to the public debt
of twenty-two millions m two years: and this, too,
at a time of profound peace—peace with all nations
—peace even with the Indian tribes around the
whole western and southern frontier; and at a time,
too, when there were no difficulty and expensive
removals of Indian tribes—no construction of ma-
jestic and costly public buildings, or national works
of any kind, in which to find a justification.
What were the first acts of the glorious 27 th Con-
gress, for the relief of the people, suffering from the
frauds of bank peculations, and jobbers in paper
promises? What were their first steps to glory
What were among the first acts of the piebald ad-
ministration they brought into power' The very
first act of the administration of 1840—saving
and excepting at all times "the proscribing of
proscription" upon victims by the thousand—
was to saddle the country with the expense
of an extra session of Congress. I know I
may be answered that it was the first step in Mr.
Van Bureu's administration; but in his case the
reason was clear and satisfactory, and the necessity
immediate and imperative. Your political allies, the
s, by a wide-spread conspiracy against that ad-
itration, basely embezzled the public funds,
banks
ministration,
closed their vaults upon the public money, depriving
the new administration, then justcomeinto power, of
all means'to carry on the government. Their mana-
gers robbed the people of their treasure wrung
from their sinews and their sweat, by an act.of con-
federate daring criminality, unexampled in the his-
tory of this country, and one which, if they had
their just dues, they would now be expiating in the
penitentiaries of the country. Where was the im-
maculate, moral, honesty-loving,glorious whig party
then found? They were—and I say it in shame—
shouting hozannas to the deed. By- this process,
the business of the country and its monetary con-
cerns were in a state of total prostration and de-
rangement, arising from the villanous [frauds of the
banks; to which is also chargeable, asan inevitable
result, the derangement of the national finances in
the advent of Mr. Yan Buren's administration.- It
was this that rendered it imperative that Mr. Van
Buren should call upon Congress for means to ad-
minister the government. Here, then, was the justi-
fication of the extra session of 1837. But where is
the apology, or the authority from necessity, for-the
extra session of 1841? We were at perfect peace,
and on friendly relations of amity and commerce,
with the whole, world. There were no aggressions
upon our flag to be punished from abroad, and no
sufficient national distress, or local derangement of
the finances of the federal government, to warrant
this extraordinary call of Congress. Our affairs
were going on smoothly; trade and exchanges, un-
der the laws which regulated them, independent of
the interference of government, were improving; the
currency was assuming a uniform value, and order
was rising out of the chaos and confusion which
followed the explosion of the inflated banks. What,
then, sir, was the purpose to be achieved in calling
an extra session? Was it a national or a party pur-
pose? Perhaps it was necessary as a party measure,
without delay, in consideration of the multifarious
elements of which the great whig party was com-
posed, that the leader should at length lay down the
principles of his party, that he should dictate, not
only tli e whig creed, but prescribe the rules of action
to his followers. It was incumbent on him, while
the fragments were in some shape blended into a
great homogeneous assemblage, that.they should be
brought into regular discipline and party drill, and
that the refractory, before they were entirely un-
manageable, should be whipped into the traces.
Every one, Mr. Chairman, must recollect the six
celebrated resolutions of Mr. Clay, introduced as one
of the first measures into the Senate at the extra
session of 1841, and there passed. They were
adopted as the declaration of the party principles
for the public eye. An emanation from the
embodiment of whig principles—who dared
gainsay them? If this was not the ob-
ject of the extra session, for what pur-
pose, then, was it convoked? Why, one gentle-
man had talked something about an appropriation
for some little debt of a million and a half of dollars,
but surely, sir, the absolute necessity for this extra
session was not pretended to be found there. Ko,
sir; it was not to meet the unsettled obligations of the
government; it was not to provide for its more eco-
nomical and efficient administration; but, sir—and
the gentleman from Kentucky cannot successfully
controvert the declaration—it was to establish a par-
ty discipline, and a party policy, before the people
could have time to give an expression of their opin-
ions. It was to forestall the judgment of the popu-
lar voice, and establish over the country a system of
government which might dictate thereafter its poli-
cy to the people, and bid defiance to their displea-
sure. Amongst other great and characteristic pur-
poses, the extra session of 1841 was convened for
the inglorious purpose of establishing a debt-ex-
punging system, under the title ofa bankrupt law—
that demoralising and unjusl measure for sponging
out the debts of speculators, land jobbers, brokers,
shavers, and defaulters of every description, with-
out regard to justice or the recognised rights of the
creditors—an act of federal repudiation which was
a burlesque upon the very name of a bankrupt law.
This was one of the great measures that were des-
tined to restore the country to its prosperity, and to
revive the depressed business interests of the na-
tion in every department. This was one of the
glorious achievements of the 27th Congress. And
how, I would ask the gentleman, was that act re-
ceived by the great body of the people? Was it not
righteously and indignantly condemned by them?
