96«
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1841.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Bowlin.
H. of Reps.
The repeal of their own- act at the last session of that
glorious whig Congress was sufficiently expressive
of its reception before the sovereign authority of the
republic. Yet the bankrupt law (so called) was not,
during its Brief existence, a dead letter upon the stat-
ute books of the country. It was not avoided and un-
touched; as if inapplicable to the ends for which it
was enacted; but as^one of the magnificeht results of
that extra session, the honest creditors 'of the country
were tricked out of the round sum of two hundred
millions of dollars. This was truly a measure of
relief; thousands of speculators, who had been lux-
uriating upon paper promises^until the day of set-
tlement exposed their accountability, came up un-
der the ample mask of the bankrupt law, and re-
ceived a discharge from their obligations. This
measure of whig relief had worked to incredible ad-
vantage; it had settled, without payment of a dollar,
an aggregate of individual debts, almost entirely
arising from excesses in speculation, nearly equal to
the sum total of the State debts. But the moral, the
undismayed, the faithful of the people, repudiated,
however, this license for repudiation, and their in-
dignation was not to be longer resisted. The con-
fession was extorted from the party, that the glori-
ous bankrupt law was working a demoralizing in-
fluence upon the honest portion of the commu-
nity, or that it ■ would inevitably do so, having
exhausted the baser materials; and for the benevo-
lent object of rescuing the morals of the country
from utter extinction, the demoralizing law was it-
self extinguised. But it was time to throw away
the sponge, after it had been saturated with the ink
of the bills it had obliterated.
Another object of the extra session was the re-es-
tablishment of a national bank—a question which
the great whig party had discarded as an "obsolete
idea" in the presidential canvass, or evaded, and
which they are evading again. The fiscal bank
bill was accordingly introduced into the Senate by
Mr. Clay, and passed; but failed before the execu-
tive; ana then succeeded from the House of Rep-
resentatives the fiscal corporation, the fate of which
is equally notorious.
Another act of the called session of 1841 was the
over-hasty repeal of the independent treasury act,
which had been in successful operation for some time
without loss to the government or the people. It
could not be used to make panics, even in their pos-
session, and the decree went forth for itsimmediate
destruction. It was with an indecent haste repealed;
and the first institution that had honestly ana faith-
fully discharged all its duties in relation to the finan-
ces, fell a victim to whig vengeance. What, Mr.
Chairman, was the alternative in this condition of
things? Recourse was again had to those very
banks which had so much embarrassed the govern-
ment, and the business interests of the country, and
which had brought themselves, by their graceless
conduct, into the irretrievable dilemma of a lasting
disgrace. And this act of repeal, with other mea-
sures in the chain of federal re-organization, were
hurried through the forms of legislation; the party
adopting them fearing, doubtless, the expression of
popular opinion, and the public estimate of their de
signs, if time were given for reflection. The gag, the
caucus, the suppression of debate, were used upon
these measures, to an extent unprecedented in le-
gislative proceedings. All respect for the rights of the
minority was abandoned, ana they were contemned
and scouted as under the ban of public condemna-
tion.
But, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman has told us of
the evil consequences of a restoration. He has con-
jured up a dreadful picture of prospective evils to re-
sult from the restoration of the measures and policy
of the last democratic administration, in the le-
election of Mr. Van Buren. Admitting the force of
the proposition for the sake of the argument, where-
in, upon this objection, is the difference between the
candidates of the two opposing parties? The demo-
cratic candidate has been, it is true, President, in
name and in fact; he was fairly elected, and ably ful-
filled the duties of the office. The candidate of the
whig party has been Piesident all but in name, and
the formality of an election and inauguration. This
fact, to any acquainted with the opening of the new
state of things in 1841, and to another period some
twelve years anterior to that, is notorious to all.
What evils are there in a restoration which do not
apply with equal, if not greater, force to Mr. Clay
than Mr. Van Buren' Does he fear a restoration o"f
cast-oft'and embittered partisans' Mr. Clay has his
partisans of two presidential terms to restore. Does
he fear the restoration of old measures? Mr, Clay
has the measures of two administrations, alike dis-
tinguished for high federal notion#, to restore.
Hence the gentleman's dissertation on the evils of a
restoration, if an argument against any candidate, is
peculiarly and particularly an argument against his
own. And what, more dreadful restoration could
there be than a restoration of that centralizing sys-
tem which seeks to swallow up the independence of
the States in the powers of the federal government.
But again, sir: the gentleman from Kentucky, to
amuse the western people, has affected to complain
that the Cumberland road was neglected under the
administration of Mr. Van Buren. How can the
gentleman, I ask in the name of honor, charge this
dereliction to Mr. Van Buren? Perhaps the gentle-
man found it very convenient to forget that his
friends were the faithless stewards in this work.
Does he not recollect that his own party, in 1840,
voted against the improvement and extension of the
national road? Mr. Van Buren readily gave his ex-
ecutive sanction to all measures of national im-
portance, consistent with the constitution and the
democratic policy. If gentlemen will assail us,
or our principles, or our candidate, with any effect,
let their attacks be consistent with themselves; let
them not raise objections, under which, if they were
brought to the test of examination, they would be
most liable to impeachment. It is a tedious and ir-
regular proceeding to follow the charges o-f the gen-
tleman, not upon the expediency of the bill, but up-
on mere party charges of party politics. It is, I
know, an unprofitable business to the committee;
but justice requires that the allegations of our op-
ponents should here, as well as elsewhere, be met
and refuted.
The next point in the gentleman's remarks was
to entertain the committee with a high-wrought eu-
logy upon the tariff act of 1842. In this the gentle-
man was consistent with himself, consistent with
his party, and its usages, to oppress the poor with
excessive burdens of taxation, and call it protection
to labor—by way of gilding the bitter pill. That
bill, which is the subject of the gentleman's eulogy,
is most adroitly framed to oppress the poor, to the
exemption and protection of the rich.
By the system of taxation by impost duties, in
the very nature of things the burden never can be
just and equal, because you cannot, under the sys-
tem, rate men according to the value of their prop-
erty, but by the amount of consumption; and the
poor man will consume as much as the rich, and,
consequently, bears an equal portion of the bur-
dens; which, in itself, is unequal, unjust, and op-
pressive. Such are the inevitable consequences of
the system, under the best' administration of it.
But when you attempt to discriminate, laying the
heaviest burdens upon articles that enter most large-
ly into the consumption of the poor, as in the tariff
act of 1842, it becomes odious, oppressive, and tyran-
nical in the extreme.
I am not desirous, Mr. Chairman—God forbid I
should be—of exciting unkind feelings in the minds
of one class of the people towards another. No,
sir, I had rather strive to allay and to dissipate -all
unfounded social prejudices from social distinctions.
i had rather seek to conciliate and harmonize con-
flicting interests of the rich and the poor. I had
rather labor to remove than widen the breach be-
tween them. But, sir, I will, at the same time, tell
them the truth. Wheu I see a party claiming par
excellence to be the poor man's friend, the protectors
of his labor, wringing from him unjustly and op-
pressively the fruits of his toil, and blinding him to his
wrongs by catch phrases and ingenious sophistries,
I will proclaim it to him—I'll ring it into his cars,
until I open his eyes to his wrongs. And, sir,
the truth compels me to denounce the tariff of 1842,
as a cunningly devised scheme to oppress the noor
for the benefit of the rich in generol, and the pro-
tection of a few monopolists That act, in all its
specifications, seeks to wring the taxes out of the
poor man's pocket to support and enrich the pam-
pered aristocrats of a few monoplies. It is the
blood, pulse, and muscle of the poor man that is
taxed, to drive the machinery of a few exclusive
home manufactories. Never was there a tissue of
more unfair and unequal impositions presented to
the people and fastened upon them. J ask the gen-
tleman to review, for one moment, the specific and
minimum duties of the act of 1842. How is the
scale of the burden of taxation regulated? Upon
whose shoulders does the great weight of the bur-
den fall? Let us examine a few of the items as a
specimen of the whole system. The duties range
from 30 to 160 per cent.; the lower duties always
upon articles more generally consumed by the rich,
and the higher upon that class of articles which
enter most largely into the consumption of
the poor. The poor man clothes himself and
his family, to a great extent, in the cheaper ar-
ticles; and yet, upon these fabrics, the tax increases
as the cost, of the article diminishes. For instance,
you levy an impost tax of 30 per cent, upon cotton
goods, and your fraudulent system of minimums;
you assume they must cost a specific price—say 20
cents yer yard—when in point of fact they do not
cost beyond four cents. Then the man who uses
the lowest priced article pays 150 per cent., and
those who use the highest article, worth twenty
cents per yard, pay 30 per cent. This is given
merely to illustrate the ingenious, fraudulent, and
deceptive system by which you oppress the poor,
and exempt the rich from the burdens, and confer
benefits upor splendid manufacturing monopolists.
Take, as an illustration of your system, the srticle
of flannels. A piece of forty-six yards, costing
twenty shillings sterling, pays four dollars and eigh-
ty-three cents duty, or exactly 100 per cent.; a piece
of like quantity, but finer and more costly, costing
fifty-nine shillings sterling, pays a duty of five dol-
lars and seventy-five cents, equal to 40 per cent.
And these are but a few of the samples of the act of
1842, one of the measures of the glorious 27th Con-
gress, so eminently calculated to relieve the people
and equalize the burdens of government. These
distinctions run, sir, through the whole catalogue
of the bill. The uniformity .is so well sustained in
all the impositions upon imported articles, to the
detriment of the poor and the advantage of the rich,
that it is unnecessary, and especially now, to pre-
sent additional examples.
Yet, in the face of all these startling facts, the gen-
tleman and his parly assume to be the,peculiar pio-
tectors of the laboring classes and defenders of the
rights of the poor, deceiving the victims they are
plucking by shouting hozannas in their praise. I
am the natural friend of the poor—yes, sir, I mean
exactly what I say—and yet 1 would scorn to at-
tempt to rival their oppressors in singing paeans in
their praise; and yet, sir, I would equally scorn to
deceive them. You may enjoy that monopoly. I
will proclaim to them the truth; and though you
may mislead them by your sophistries for a time,
remember, the day of reckoning will come, when the
universal whig party will have to answer for the un-
just tariff of 1842 at the bar of public opinion.
Again: the gentleman, as though he delighted
most to glory in the measures of his party, which
have been, since their enactment, rebuked by the
voice of the people, or defeated through the ballot-
boxes, and which are so directly opposed to the
well-understood principles of the democratic party,
turns from his glorification of the whig tariff to a
eulogy upon the distribution scheme.
How, Mr. Chairman, is this federal measure for
the distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
to enure to the advantage of the laboring men, whom
the wliigs so vauntingly boast of protecting? How
are this great class of our countrymen to be benefited
from the operation of this act? They must be taxed
to replace it in the treasury; and yet the gentleman
would scarcely hazard the assertion, that they were
even to be the recipients of a dollar—ay, a cent. No,
sir. I tell you the operation of this scheme, which is
but another cunningly invented trap, to gull and
ensnare those you profess to love with such devo-
tion—the laboring people—and you know it. The
actors behind the scenes understood the plot by
which, the audience Are to be deceived, and amused.
One of the operations of this profligate scheme of
legislation, is to squander some three millions per
annum to corrupt the States, replace it by an addi-
tional levy upon the people of some nine millions,
six millions of which goes by tiiis operation into
the pockets of your political allies, the manufac-
turing monopolists, not the labors at, but the lords of
the loom. For instance: you take from the treasury
the land fund about three millions per annum, which
has to be restored by duties on importations. Now
we do not imnoit mote than a third of the consump-
tions of the country, and manufacture the other two-
thirds. The duties being levied upon articles of im-
portation coming in competition with the manu-
factured articles of the countiy, all are raised on the,
consumer alike-; so that while you get back the
three millions on the imprrts, yuu sie, iti point ef
fact, voting six millions to your manufacturing mo-
nopolists. Or ae^-un—suppose we imported fifty mil-
lions worth of goods coming in competition with
articles manufactured here, and the manufactories
