CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
prevalent throughout the country already; and, to
say the least of it, there should be no legislation to
encourage its stronger development.
There was a vast difference between this spirit of
adventure, carrying part of our population to Oregon,
and the emigration from the old States to the new
and more fertile States of the West. This emigra-
tion to the West has been an advance of civilization,
connected by a regular chain of gradation with the
old States; but the emigration to Oregon would be
a cutting off, by an intervening desert of thousands
of miles, the civilization of the United States from
its distant colony.
What had been the effect of the sort of emigra-
tion induced by the spirit of adventure? What but
to throw those who indulged in it out of the juris-
diction of the United States, as in the instance of
Texas, thereto waste their energies in conflicts with
territorial borderers, as with Mexico. At best, even
if successful, it was but raising up a new interest, at
some future day to come in competition with this
Union. Texas, it was repoited even already, felt
the weakness of its isolated position, and if its most
anxious desire of being united with us could not be
gratified, contemplated offering itself to any nation
able to protect it.
This avarice for the accession of territory might
be pushed to embrace all the country between the
Gulf of Mexico and the North pole; but what could
result from this but to weaken tine Union, and sow the
seeds of future discords? Oregon, indeed, if organ
ized and occupied by us, might remain united to
this country as long as it received protection and
appropriations from the general government; but the
moment it found itself strong enough it would sep-
arate from the Union, forming a distinct interest,
hostile to ours, and calculated, as her star became
the morning star, to make ours the evening star.
Mr. M. next considered the question of finance
connected with the occupation of Oregon. The first
outlay for military posts, &c., would be very great;
but there were other expenses to follow, year after
year, increasing as they progressed, much greater
and onerous; but all these expenses were trifling in
comparison with the expenses sure to follow of
Indian wais. If it cost $40,000,000 to remove two
thousand Indians fiom Florida, what would it cost to
exterminate between two and three hundred thousand
Indians, infesting the border of Oregon and this
country5 The expense would be enormous. To
support a sufficient standing army to oppose those
Indians, would require more revenue and taxation
than ever could be raised from duties on imports.
The Indian had rights, which ought to be con-
sidered and respected. Mr. M. hoped the same
policy pursued for eight or ten years by this gov-
ernment towards the Indians, would be continued.
Humanity demanded it. There had been removed
from this side of the Mississippi ninety thousand
Indians; and there remained yet to be removed
about twenty thousand. He thought this year
would witness the removal of the last of the red men
west of the Mississippi. When their history is
written, it will not be the brightest page in the an-
nals of this country. Within a few years, he ac-
knowledged, a more kind and considerate policy
towards them had been pursued.
Beyond the Mississippi there are between two and
three hundred thousand Indians, who have never felt
the action of this government for good or foi evil. To
these, ninety thousand have been added by removal.
What is to be done with them* There is no farther
west to send them to. [f Oregon must be occupied
by us, they will have to be either exterminated, or
removed from between that territory and us. Emi-
grants to Oregon will, otherwise, have to meet them,
and dispute their footing step by .step.
When the time comes that our people have not
territory enough at home, and they shall be forced
to look out for more space, it will be time enough
to dispute the possession of Oiegon with the In-
dians, who now have no other foothold left to them.
A good deal had been said about western couragc
and spirit, as if in contradistinction to eastern cour-
age and spirit. He admitted that the West was en-
titled to the utmost praise for these qualities. They
had been conspicuous, whenever occasion called for
their exercise. But where did the West get these
qualities? From the same fathers, the same blood,
which were displayed at Bunker Hill and York-
town. It is of the same stock. The scion was ta-
ken from the same old tree which struck its roots
deep into the banks of James river, and into the
crevices of Plymouth rock. Whenever the occasion
occura for a retort to arms, it will be found that
courage and spirit were not sectional in this Union.
They emanate from-the same blood, the same sires
who achieved the country's glory-—its independ-
ence.
Mr. BUCHANAN next obtained the floor, and
observed that, understanding it was the disposition
of the Senate to go into executive business to-mor-
row, and being himself desirous of submitting lus
views on this question, he would move to postpone
the further consideration of the subject to Monday
next.
On his motion, the subjcct was postponed to
Monday.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the bill for the relief
of Daniel G. Skinner of Alabama was taken up,
read a third time, and passed.
The bill to repeal so much of the act of 23d Au-
gust, 3842, as requires the second regiment of dra-
goons to be converted into a regiment of riflemen
after the 4th of March, 1843, was also read a third
time, and passed.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a communica-
tion from the War Department.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 7, 1844.
The journal having been read—
On motion of Mr. BURKE, (by leave,)
Resolved, That the clerk be instructed to ascertain
and report to this House the reason why the docu-
ments of the second and third sessions of the 27th
Congress have not been bound and distributed ac-
cording to law; and, also, whether the printers of
the last Congress have received full compensation
for said documents.
On motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, the Com-
mittee on Indian Affaiis was authorized to summon
Major John II. Eaton to testify before them.
(>n motion of Mr. FOSTER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of placing George Singley, u revolutionary soldier,
on the pension roll, under the act of June, 1832,
and that his papers be referred to that committee.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER said that reports of committees
were the first business in order; when
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims, made
a report on the petition of the heirs of John For-
syth, accompanied by a bill for their relief; which
were referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOS. SMITH, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Conrad
Hairc; which was laid on the table.
Mr. P. KING, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide for the better secuiity
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam," approved Ju-
ly 9, 1838, together with sundry memorials upon
the same" subject, reported nn amendatorv bill;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
GENERALS SCOTT AND GAINES.
Mr. MILTON BROWN submitted a resolution
instructing the Committee on Military Affairs, to
whom was referred the bill to divide the United
States into two military districts, to leport to the
House, when they should make a report on said
bill, a communication received from Major General
Scott on the same subject.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution could
only be received by general consent.
Mr. HARALSON objected.
Mr. MILTON BROWN moved to suspend the
rules, to enable him to offer the resolution; but the
motion was rejected.
Mr. ELM&R presented resolutions of the legis-
lature of the State of New Jersey, requesting the
senators and representatives from said State in the
Congress of the United States to use their exertions
to obtain, during the present session, an appropria-
tion for the commencement of a breakwater harbor
at Cape May: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. PRESTON KING, from the Committee on
Commerce, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Lovel G. Mickles and F. J. Soutiiworth: laid on
the table.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee ou
ConAierce, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate, entitled An act to authorize a .survey of the
mouth of Red river, and for other purposed reported
the same without amendment.
WYANDOTT LANDS.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS, from the Committee on-
the Public Lands, made an unfavorable report upon
the resolutions of the legislature of the State of Ohio,
in relation to the occupants of the lands recently ac-
quired from the Wyandott Indians: laid on the table.
UNITED STATES COURTS FOR THE DISTRICT
OF NEW JERSEY.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee 011 the
Judiciary, to which was referred the petition of in-
habitants of New Jersey for a change of place for
holding district couits, reported a bill to alter the
places of |holding the district courts of the United
States for New Jersey: agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER,
Ordered, That the Committee 011 Naval Affairs be
discharged from the consideration of the petition of
Peter Van Schmidt, in relation to a dry-dock; and
that it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affaiis be
discharged from the consideration of the petition of
citizens of Ohio, in relation to the captme of slavers
by private armed vessels, and that it lie on the table.
CODE FOR THE NAVY.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER,
Resolved, That the letters of the Secretary of the
Navy to the House of Representatives, of January
13, 1843, with the accompanying code of rules and
regulations for the navy, be taken from the files in the
Clerk's office, and refened to the Committee 011 Na-
val Affairs.
PENSION AGENCIES.
Mr. RATHBUN, from the Committee 011 Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill to authorize tlm
transfer of the names of pensioners from the agen-
cies in the State of Kentucky to the agency of Cin-
cinnati, in the State of Ohio: passed.
Mr. STEENROD, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made a repoit upon the case of
Elizabeth Greshom, accompanied by a bill for her
relief; which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. HUNGERFORD, from the Committee 011
Revolutionary Pensions, repoited bills of the fol-
lowing titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of Sarah Blackemore, widow
of George Blacltemore; and a bill for the lehtf of
James Crawford; which were severally read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. J. A. "WRIGHT, from the Committee 011
Revolutionary Pensions, to which was refeired the
bill to extend the provisions of an act entitled "An
act supplementary to the act for the relief of certain
surviving officers and soldiers of the revolution,"
approved 7th June, 1832, reported the same without
amendment: read twice, and lefcrred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, made adverse reports upon the
petitions of Fielding G. Brown and Jacob Liben-
good; which were ordered to lie oil the table.
Ou motion by Mr. BRINKERHOFF,
Ordered, That the Committee 011 Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of Fabius Whiting, of the United States army, and
that said petition lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. BRINKERHOFF,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from the consideration of the petition
of Lot Davis, and that it he on the table.
Mr. NES, from the Committee 011 Invalid Pen-
sions, made a report upon the petition of Lathrop
Foster, accompanied by a hill for his relief; which
was twice read, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House.
On motion by Mr. NES,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be discharged from 1he consideration of the petition
of Joiflis D. Pratt, William Irwin, Nathaniel Shif-
lett, and Christian Boorman.
Mr. CROSS, from the Committee of Claims, made
a report on the case of Captain Ira Baldwin, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was road
