CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35t
tleman from New York had, therefore, no right to
interpose, unless he rose to a question of order.
Mr. RATHBUN said he did rise to a question of
order; for he objected to this foisting of amendments
on pending bills, simply for the purpose of giving
any gentleman a second hour to speak to-day.
Mr. CLINGMAN did not yield the floor; and
the amendment was not received. He then pro-
ceeded with his remarks to the expiration of his
hour.
Mr. HAMLIN obtained the floor; but, as the
hour for which the rules were suspended had ex-
pired, he could not proceed.
Mr. McKAY calied for the orders of the day.
Mr. DICKINSON moved a suspension of the
rules, so that the House could proceed with the con-
sideration of the subject which has been under dis-
cussion to-day.
The motion was negatived.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS,
Tke SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing executive communications:
1. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting a statement showing what midshipmen have
been allowed to rate as masters' mates, persons
who have been entered as landsmen, or boys, &c.:
referred to the Committes on Naval Affairs.
2. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a report m relation to affixing, opposite the
name of each person published in the Army and
Navy Register, the amount of his annua! pay, and
the amount of pay for rations, servants, forage,
&c., accompanied by 223 copies of the Register.
3. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a report upon the subject of the survey of the
St. Louis harbor, and the amount of the separate
estimates for the improvement of the Mississippi,
Arkansas, and Missouri rivers: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in order,
as the election bill wns now the order of the day.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rules for
the purpose he had indicated.
Mr. SHCENIC, Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, and
others, called for tellers, and Messrs. Green and C.
Johnson were appointed; and they repo~ted 76 hi
the affirmative, and 58 in the negative; which being
less than two-thirds, the rules were not suspended.
Mr. HOPKINS mo\ed a postponement of the
orders of the day until to-morrow.
Mr. SUMMERS and others called for the yeas
and nays, and being taken, they resulted thus: yeas
99, nays 67. So the further consideration of the
election bill was postponod.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Ok. motion of Mr. McKAY, the House then re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Dromgoole in the chair,)
and took up for consideration the bill (No. 30) ma-
king appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy.
Mr. McKAY proposed some verbal alterations,
not affecting the substance, which were concurred
in.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to amend the bill
by adding certain provisions; which, at the sugges-
tion of Mr. HARALSON, were considered sepa-
rately; the first being to cut off the allowance now
paid to military professors.
Mr. HARALSON said he would remark, for the
information of the House, that the subject of a re-
duction of the expenditures of the Military Academy
had been brought to the notice of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and was now under consideration.
He was not authorized to speak in detail; but he was
justified in saying that a proposition was before the
committee, which would be submitted to the House,
that would, if adopted, save thousands ahnually to
the government. A considerable saving would be
proposed not only in regard to the expenditures for
the professors, but for the cadets. He would just
mention one saving it was proposed to make, and
that was to reduce the pay of the cadets from sixteen
to eleven dollars per month. The committee believ-
ed that a great reduction of expenditure could be
made without any injury either to the academy or to
the Qgdets. It was also proposed to reduce the ex-
penses of this institution in various other ways; and
lie would, therefore, submit to the gentleman who
offered the amendment that the right time to make
the reduction he proposed, would be when the re-
port of the committee came in. If the gentleman
should then find that the committee had not gone as
far as he thought necessary, he might move to
amend their report. We are now (said Mr. H.) ap-
propriating money to keep the academy in exist-
ence, and the subject of its reform was not properly
before the House. Let this appropriation be made;
and if the House should hereafter think proper to
cut down the academy, the appropriation would not
be used, but would be retained in the treasury to ap-
ply to other objects.
The question was then taken, and the amendment
was lost.
The next amendment was a proviso that no al-
lowances should be made to the French teacher, re-
drawing master, for servants. This was adopted.
The next was a proviso that no extra allowances
should be made to the cadeis above their pay. Re-
jected.
The next amendment was a proviso that no al-
lowance shall be made for forage,and that no horses
shall be kept at the academy. Rejected.
The last amendment of Mr. H. was a proviso that
all supernumerary second lieutenants of the army,
who have graduated at the Military Academy, shall
be disbanded.
Mr. McKAY observed that the gentleman had
better offer this amendment when the army bill
came up, which would be in a few days. No" part
of this appropriation, he said, would be applied to
the pay of these supernumerary second lieutenants.
Mr. HUNGERFORD then withdrew the amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE submitted an amendment-striking
out all after the enacting clause, and submitting a bill
repealing the laws authorizing the appointment of
cadets, and disbanding tke corps.
Mr. H. said he offered this amendment in obe-
dience to the instructions of the legislature of his
State; and he must be permitted to say that no legis-
lature ever devolved on a representative a more
willing duty, and one more in accordance with all
the convictions of his understanding, as well as his
sense of propriety and justice. The reasons which
induced the legislature of New Hampshire to give
such instructions were fully set forth in the pream-
ble and resolutions he had some days since the honor
of offering to the House. The legislature said that,
though this institution had been m existence up-
wards of forty years, and was kept up at an expense
of $200,000 annually, it failed to furnish officers for
the defence of the country, except in times of peace.
Of their inefficiency in the Florida war he (Mr.
H.) was fully satisfied. There was a gentleman
here, the delegate from that Territory, [Mr. Lew,]
who informed him that the most effectual service in
that war was tendered by the citizen soldiers. The
legislature of New Hampshire went on to say that
the Military Academy was not deserving of further
support; and their representatives in Congress were
directed to vote for its abolishment. The legislature
of Connecticut, also, as well as the legislatures of
several e^her States, had passed similar resolutions.
Mr. H. tjjien gave a history of the rise and progress
of the Military Academy; showing that it commenced
from the small beginning of an appiopriation to pro-
vide four teachers for a corps of artillery and engineers.
It had now, he said, increased to such an extent that
the army, consisting of only 7,000 men, had officers
enough for an army of 100,000 men, while the acad-
emy was annually furnishing forty or fifty more.
Mr. H. contended that there was no more reason
and justice in the government educating, gratuitous-
ly, young men for the military profession, than for
any of the civil employments of the country.
It was desirable that we should have learned judges
on the supreme bench, able and skilftil diplomatists
to represent us at foreign courts, and accomplished
statesman to serve the country in Congress; and it
would be just as proper for the government to edu-
cate young men to till these stations as to educate
them for the army.
Mr. J BRINKERHOFF hoped neither the
amendment nor the substitute would be adopted.
He believed something in the character of West
Point Academy was necessary and proper; and m
this he believed he was sustained by high authority.
A message was here received from the Senate,
accompanied by various bills passed by that body.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF resumed. It must be in
the recollection of every member that this institu-
tion or a military academy of some sort, had been rec-
ommended by nearly all our distinguished citizen
soldiers since the days of the revolution. If he
mistook not, it was recommended by the father c/f
his country, and likewise by General Jackson.
Our distinguished citizen soldier®, though formed
by nature to become successful generals, felt the ne-
cessity of science; and there was one general com-
plaint, in the earlier portion of our history, of the
lmcompetency of our engineers, and the consequent
necessity there was to employ foreign adventurers,
on their coming on this country with professions
that could only be tested by experience. The cap-
ture of Forts Montgomery and Clinton was, he
believed, attributed to the unskilful manner in which
they had been projected and constructed by foreign
adventurers calling themselves engineers.
There were, he knew, many prejudices existing
against West Point, which should be removed. It was
a common impression abroad, that the. youth ap-
pointed to that institution were the sons of the rich
and powerful, and the aristocratic; hut that was not
true. There was, however, a growing ill-will to-
wards that institution; and its friends (of which he
professed to be one) should apply needful reforms,
and thereby restore it to popular favor. lie spoke,
of the large number of supernumerary second, lieu-
tenants, who were supported at a large annual cost,
for no earthly reason, .and said they should be.
turned out, to take care of themselves now that
the nation had fitted them by education to follow
any profession by which they might not only
live, but benefit the country which had done so
much for them. He further contended that it was
not necessary that all the officers of our army should
be scientific men: no great amount of service was
required to teach an awkward squad, how to "shoul-
der arms;" and yet, by keeping up West Point
Academy at its present state, no young men from
civil life, whatever might be their qualifications,
could obtain a commission in our army. And
further, there could, for the same reason, be no pro-
motions from the ranks; and thus that which
so advantageously gave superior efficiency to
the French army, was not operative, with
us; while, if there was a republican prin-
ciple, that was one. He deemed it only neces-
sary that the engineers and the officers of artillery
should be graduates of the academy, and that the
other commissions should be open to well-qualified
men from civil life, or to operate as a stimulus to the
rank and file. Such reforms as these would remove
many existing objections to the institution, and yet
secure all the benefits which it was designed to pro-
duce; but to abolish the institution, he could not
not agree, nor did he believe that the country
would.
Mr. DANA rose to give the reasons which
would induce him to vote, for the abolition of the
Military Academy. He was opposed lo it because it
was an aristocratic institution. It gave to a few ex-
clusive privileges which it denied to the many. Af-
ter illustrating that position, he proceeded to con-
tend that the'eadets were an annual charge on the
national treasury, without any equivalent being giv-
en to the nation for all that expense, and all the ex-
tra privileges which were conferred. He farther ob-
jected to the manner of their selection. The ap-
pointment of cadets had become an appendage to
the membership of Congress, and he objected to the
bestowal of these privileges and this patronage on
the members of this House, whereby they were en-
abled to provide for relatives or proteges.
He objected to it further, ou the ground of the
influence which such power was calculated to exert
in their legislation, judging by the list of the names
of eadets, they were appointed from the families of
members of Congress.
Mr. G1DDINGS interposed, and said that, four
years ago, being applied to to nominate a cadet tor
his distiict, and having at that time a son of the
proper age, he wrote to many of the prominent men
of his district to send him the name of a candidate;
but he could not obtain one.
Mr. DANA said the district of the gentleman
from Ohio appeared to be peculiar in many respects.
[Laughter.] He then pursued the course of hi's re-
marks in opposition to the Military Academy; ob-
serving, as he proceeded, that if any youth were to
be educated at all at the public expense, he prefer-
red that they should be the children of the pour.
But he objected to this mode of educating young
men, because of the feelings which it produced
amongst those who were its objects. They deemed
themselves the exclusive favorites of the nation, and
they looked down, in consequence, with no little con-
tempt on the rest of their fellow-citizens by whose
bounty they were fed and taught: they also deente^
