3§d
themselves indispensable to the. nation; and for. their
justification, they had the exclusive legisla- ■
tion of Congress in' their favor; for they might
ask, if they were not of indispensable import-
ance to the nation, why this exclusive
lation, and the conferring of advantages which
were denied to others.' But he would ask whether
this nation received advantages which were com-
mensurate with the expenditures which were made
for this institution? He referred to its cost as set
forth in a report made to this House by the Secreta-
ry of War during the present session, ana saia that
since the year 1815 it was upwards of four millions
of dollars. In that sum was included about $710,000
for fixtures, which was not absolutely wasted,
though they were of little value in any other respect
than as connected with this institution. The current
expenses, then, of educating the cadets since the
year 1815, was $3,291,500; being an annual average
of about $130,000, and an expense for each cadet of
something like $2,373. He went through other sta-
tistical statements, showing the number of cadets
educated annually, the number that graduated each
year, and the respective proportions of the graduates
that were placed in the army, and that became a
burden on the nation as supernumerary second lieu-
tenants, without any good resulting to the country.
He next proceeded to show the positive evils that
arose in the army itself by such a system—the jeal-
ousies, contempts, tyrannies, controversies, ending
in courts of inquiry and courts martial, and other
evils of considerable magnitude.
On motion of Mr. HUNT, the committee rose and
reported progress; and
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of J. W. Gray
and 535 others, citizens of Ohio, praying the pass-
age of a joint resolution to terminate Great Britain's
occupation of Oregon; and also the passage of a bill
extending jurisdiction over that territory, similar to
that whicli passed the Senate last session. Also, the
memorial ofA. T. Whightand 31 others, citizens of
Indiana, praying the armed occupation of Oregon.
By Mr. JACOB BRINKERHOFF: The memo-
rial of sundry citizens of Loraine county, Ohio,
praying an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor at Black river, on Lake Erie. I
By Mr ROBINSON: The petition of 1,200 citi- |
7.ensof Fulton, Oswego county, New York, praying
for the reduction of the rates of postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Also, the petition of 100 citizens of
the town of Richland, Oswego county, New York,
piaying for the same object.
Uy Mr. JAMESON: The petition of Francis
Yeast, praying that a law may be passed permitting
linn to relinquish to the government a tract of land
filtered by linn by mistake, and enter elsewhere, in
lieu thereof, the same quantity. Also, the petition
•of John Pas;o, to the same eflect. Also, a petition
wignod by F. Weideimeyer, postmaster, and 118
others, praying that a mail route be established from
Wumaw to Oceola, and from thence to Bolivar; all
of which were appropriately referred.
By Mr. KQWLIN: The memorial of the citizens
of St. Lotus, Missouri, praying an appropriation
for removing the obstructions to the navigation of
the western rivers; for the improvement of the St.
Louis harbor, and for other purposes: referred to
the Committee of the Whole House on the, state of
the Union, to whom was leferred the bill reported
by the Committee on Commerce, (iN'o. 136,) enti-
tled ''A bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain rivers and harbors.1'
By Mr. BLACKWELL- The memorial of Jas.
Mitchell, asking pay for losses sustained by his fa-
fher during the revolutionary war: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. WEI EATON: The petition of Elislia F.
Richards, of the county of Onondaga, New York,
for relief.
By Mr, G, W. JONES: The petition ofThos. J.
Williams and others, for a mail route from Fayette-
viHe, Tennessee, to Salem, Tennessee: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr TYLER: The petition of Morris Noiton
and others, of Chatauque county, New York
praying for a reduction of the rates of postage.
By Mr. H. St. JOHN: The petition of James
Rankin, asking extra allowance for his services as
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
interpreter for the United States to the Wyandot In-
dians in Ohio.
By Mr. A. KENNEDY: Petition of John Moore
and other citizens of Northern Indiana, praying the
establishment of a mail route from Maumee city,
Ohio, to White Pigeon, Michigan: referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
By Mr OWEN: The memorial of John D. Wil-
liamson and 27 others; the memorial of Thomas
Carpenter and 104 others; the memorial of Abel
Ray and 95 others; the memorial of T. L. Langdon
ana 140 others; the memorial of Larken Burchfteld
and 97 others; the memorial of B. H. Criswell and
135 others; the memorial of E. G. Clarke and 48
others; the memorial of Moses P. Condict and 81
others; the memorial of Elijah D. Janett and 149
others; the memorial of P. C. Hammond and 94
others; the memorial of Henry Gray and 163 others;
the memorial of James Cross and 43 others; the me-
morial of Daniel Hunt and 82 others; the memorial
of D. H. Roberts and "76 others; the memorial of
Robert Wood and 30 others; the memorial of Henry
Lovely and 34 others; the memorial of John Baker
and 57 others; the memorial of W. Barr and 132
others; the memorial of John M. Anderson and 37
others; the memorial of George Fortney and 122
others;—all praying a grant of certain lands in the
Vincennes land district, Indiana, for the purpose of
extending and completing the Wabash and Erie
canal, from Terre Haute, on the Wabash, to Evans-
ville, on the Ohio.
By Mr. HENLEY: Petition of Leonard Barns
and others, praying the establishment of a new post
route, from Paris to said Barns's residence, in Jen-
nings county, Indiana: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 8, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of 16th January last, information m relation
to the appointment of acting midshipmen since the
4th of August, 1844; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented to the Senate a letter
from the clerk of the common council of the city of
New York, enclosing a memorial from that board,
praying Congress to pass a law authorizing a survey
of the coast and harbor of that city, with a view to
a new location of the improvements of the navy
yard there, and the erection of a dry dock: referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a petition from
upwards 100 inhabitants of Kentucky, praying
Congress to pass such a law as will place the Ore-
gon Territory under the armed protection of the
government of the United States: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. BATES, it was ordered that
the petition of James H. Bradford for a pension, be
taken from the files, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions
Mr. WHITE presented a memorial from sundry
inhabitants of Troy, New York, praying Congress
to grant to the State of Indiana the unsold lands in
the Vincennes land district, for the purpose of com-
pleting the Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio
river; also a memorial from sundry citizens of In-
diana on the same subject; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also presented a memorial from the treasurer of
Indiana, praying Congiess to pass a law ordering
the eleik of the United States court to enter satis-
faction on a judgment which the United States ob-
tained against Indiana for duties on certain railroad
iron, which was not laid dov. n in the time prescribed
by law for allowing such iron to be imported free of
duty, upon the payment of the costs by the said
State: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Edward Needles and otheis, citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, respectfully asking Congress to take measures
for so amending the constitution and laws of the
United States as to embrace in them the substance
of the provisions of the. Mosaic law which are
found in the 15th and 16th verses of the 23d chap-
ter of Deuteronomy.
[The following aie the verses to which the memo-
rial refers:
"Verse 15 Thou "halt not deliver unto his mas-
ter the servant which is escaped from his master
unto thee. .
"16. He shall dwell with thee in that place which
he shall choose in one of thy gates, where it liketh
him best: thou shalt not oppress him."]
On motion by Mr. KING, the question of recep-
tion on the memorial was laid on the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN also presented a memorial from
a number of citizens of Pennsylvania stating that it
was most manifest that an extraordinary beneficial
result had flowed from the tariff of 1842, and re-
questing that it may not be changed in any manner
until ascertained from facts that such change would
be for the better: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Committee on
Naval Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Charles W. Dennison
for an increase of appropriation to the naval hospi-
tal fund; and the petition of citizens of Maine, pray-
ing: tiat the spirit ration in the navy may be discon-
tinued.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from James N.
Cooper and others, citizens of Maine, asking for an
appropriation of $10,000 for the purpose of remov-
ing the obstructions in the navigation of the Kenne-
beck river: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BREESE gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill providing for
the sale of the reserved lands in Illinois, Wisconsin,
and Iowa, supposed to contain lead ore. _
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the papers of Thomas J.
Stone. They were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from Ste-
phen Snow for a pension: referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from the
citizens of St. Louis, Missouri, praying for an ap-
propriation for the removal of the obstructions m
the navigation of the western rivers, and for the im-
provement of the St, Louis harbor, and for other pur-
poses: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BAY'ARD presented a memorial from Lieut.
G. T. St. Clair, of the United States navy, asking
for compensation for the performance of duties of a
higher grade: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial from Capt.
N. P. Brittingham, asking indemnity for the seizure
of his brig in the port of Vera Cruz by the Mexican
govern ment, in 1826, and the destruction of the
property 011 board: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, it was ordered
that the memorial of certain citizens of Washington,
praying for an act of incorporation for a company to
light this city with gas, be taken from the files, and
referred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Mary Reeside,
administratrix of the late will and testament of James
Reeside, deceased; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Committee on
the Judiciary was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petitions of James Roberston,
Robert H. Bayard, and others, assignees of the late
bank of the United States, chartered by the State of
Pennsylvania, praying the repayment of a sum of
money advanced by that bank to Williamson Smith,
a contractor of the government for the removal of
the Cherokee. Indian4*, and allowed by the account-
ing officer in the settlement of his accounts; and it
wa« referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharsed from the fur-
ther consideration of certain documents from the
Treasury Department, embracing contracts for 184.3
for building light-houses, &c; and they were refei-
red to the Committee on Finance
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, by direc-
tion of the Committee on Commerce, certain docn-
men s relating to expenditures for the hospital fund
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen v,cre or-
dcrcd to be printed. '
Mr HANNEGAN, on leave, introduced a bill
to confirm to the State of Indiana ceitam land se-
lected by that State to aid m the construction of the
Wabash and Erie canal, and for other purposes;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
