It 4
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
The Tariff—Mr. Colquitt.
Senate.
not to understand how this happens; and since they
seem prepared to outrage reason by ascribing the
low prices to the tariff, I must be permitted to sub-
mit some facts to account for it, which will better
comport with reason and common sense, than to as-
cribe the fall of prices to taxation. I have col-
lected a history of the progress of manufactures, and
the regular and rapid decline of prices, by reason of
continued improvements. I will present only a brief
account of the decline of cotton goods to illustrate
the whole. Handicraft labor was, in the course of
twelve years after the invention of Arkwright's ma-
chinery, almost destroyed. In the year 1782, Ark-
wright charged one "pound sterling for spinning a
pound of cotton twist No". 60. In the year 1830, it
was spun for nine pence—a proportion of 27 to 1.
Upon the basis of spinning alone, the great abridg-
ments of labor, and the consequent cheapness of cot-
ton manufacture, exhibit astonishing results. Take
from 1812 to 1830—a period of eighteen years. I
have made a tabic, from Mr. Kennedy's Statistics,
as presented to a committee of Parliament in 1830.
This table presents the prices for each year of all
the numbers, from 40 to 250. I will give you only
the general result. No. 40, in 1812, was I|d. per
hank; in 1830, it was Jd. per hank; and the same
ratio continues-through the other numbers at the
two periods. This is from the improvements in
spinning alone. Very important discoveries, in the
same time, were made in weaving, dying, printing,
bleaching, &c., which reduced greatly the prices of
their cloths of every kind. From Mr. Everett's
statement of cotton goods, which he shipped from
England to Canton in American traders, from 1820
to 1829, inclusive, the depreciation of the cost of
cotton longcloths stand with the following ratios:
Depreciation in 1821, from to 5 per cent.; in
1822, from 5 to 8 j per cent.; in 1823, from 10 to 15
per cent.; m 1824, from 20 to 25 per cent., and so on,
continually decreasing, until, in the year 1829, the
depreciation was from 45 to 50 per cent; so that
double the quantity of long-cloths might be bought
in 1830 for the same money as in 1820; which he de-
scribes entirely to the improvement in machinery.
Take but one other instance in illustration—bobbinet
lace manufacture:
Such (--ays Dr. Urc) has been the progress of mechanical
improvements, that the com oflabor in making a rark, which
twenty years ago was worth -!2d, is now only Id. The
prices of tins beautiful fabric ha^ e fallen m an equally re-
markable manner. In 1820, a twentv-four rack piccc five-
quarters broad, fetched £17 sterling'in the wholesale mar-
ket; it brought, in 1836, but 7s. Such are the wonderful
eil'ects of machinery.
I should detain the Senate too long in exhibiting
these results; it would be a subject of some interest
to notice, in the rapid improvements which have
been made, how many bankrupts in England have
been the consequence of heavy investments in ma-
chinery, which were soon left in the distance, and
superseded by new inventions. These inventions
are still going on, and every year diminishing the
cost of manufactured fabrics. I have noticed a ta-
ble of as many as one hundred and sixty-nine differ-
ent patents issued for improvements within two
years. Do yon not think, sir, that these facts ac-
cord better with human reason, in accounting for
the decline in prices, than by ascribing their fa1! to
taxing them? Still, still the sound "protect Ameri-
can labor-' falls on my ear. I inquire, How? I am
pointed to the various manufacturing establishments
m the different States; 1 am told how many hun-
dreds of thousands of men, women, and children
find employment and support; and that, unless this
system of protection be continued, the factories
must cease, and this immense number of dependent
citizens perish. 1 rejoice, sir, that I have a heart
that sympathizes with suffering everywhere; and I
now aver, in the presence of the Senate, and in the
face of the world, that f feel more deeply for the ope-
ratives m the manufacturing districts than most of
their pretended friends. Who believes that the cap-
italists engaged in manufacturing have the interest
of the laborers at hear!? "Who believes that the feel-
ings of benevolence or philanthropy prompt them to
employ these hard-working and suffering people? Let
their dependence after years of toil, their indigence,
their complaints, their cries, and their outbreaks,
tell the truth, and the whole truth to the world,
that they arc not the beneficiaries of this hot-bed
system of legislation. It is not for them that pro-
tective tar.fi-, are enacted; their wages have been
often diminished, and rarely increased under the
highest scale of impost duties. Every year we see
notices testifying that these laborers have but few
pi the attributes of freemen; and that their very sub-
sistence is subject to the caprice of their employers.
Since Congress has been sitting, the newspapers
have furnished the same testimony. The Lowell
Patriot says of wages:
We learn from the Essex Banner that the Amesbury
manufacturing company last week, reduced the wages of
their laborers fifteen to twenty per cent. Thus, while their
business is more profitable than ever, and daily growing
more so, they are reducing the already low wages of their
operatives, taking a cruel and heartless advantage of their
necessities; for they well know that, at this season of the
year, the operatives would rather work for a subsistence
than to change their residence. The Banner is deservedly
severe upon the pampered aristocrats who thus, while rev-
elling in luxury, are oppressing those from whose daily
toil they are reaping rich harvest in their monstrous divi-
dends.
I have seen several other accounts speaking of
the reductions going on in different factories, and
efforts to supply the situations of American opera-
tives, by introducing laborers from Canada and other
er places. I know it would be distressing to sud-
denly throw these poor people out of employment.
They have been kept too indigent to have the means
of removal, and they would necessarily suffer,
while they sought different occupations. This the
proprietors of these institutions know, and the very
necessities of these operatives are made instruments
to wring from their brows the last mite to swell
their profits.
I should have no fear for the ultimate success of
the laborers, if every factory in the country tottered
from its foundations in an hour. They would soon
find more independent and healthful employments.
Torn loose from those haunts, where parents and
children have been taught alike to feel that there
alone a mere livelihood could be made, where a
hateful spirit of servility has been engendered, they
would go forth, in the spirit of life, manhood, and
independence. Our western mountains would open
to afford them passage; the forest wave would give
back before them; and in every valley they would
rear verdant altars to agriculture and to peace. By
the energy of native talent and industry, with every
servile shackle torn off, hundreds of them would
rise to wealth, honor, and distinction. Oh ! no, sir;
it is not for love of these poor laborers and their
families that this hateful system is fastened upon
the country. The man who gets his bread by the
sweat of his brow, will always succeed under a sys-
tem of equal legislation. In any government where
industry and economy continue impoverished, and
idleness and luxury command wealth and influence,
you neod not examine their code of jurisprudence,
to determine that their laws are partial or partially
administered.
Go on—continue your protective system a few
years longer, and the cry for protection against the
pauper labor of Europe will be hushed. You will
have paupers enough in the precincts of your fac-
tories, begging "the crumbs that fall from the tables"
of those who "fare sumptuously every day."
I should deeply regret that, under an equal
and fair system of legislation, the manufacturers
should be unable to sustain themselves. To them
and their success, I have no unkind feeling; but
against a partial system of legislation, for their pe-
culiar benefit, 1 most solemnly protest.
But, sa, the assertion that their factories must
fail, unless we continue this system of bounties is
not sustained by the history of the past. I will not
trouble the Senate with the annua! increase of man-
ufacturing capital, when it was afforded little or no
protection. But I will say that, during; the exist-
ence of the compromise act, when duties were pro-
gressing to the lowest point, up to 1840, these es-
tablishments were enlarging their foundations and
increasing their stock. And this, too, when the
inflated state of the currency fully counteracted the
advantages they derived from the tariff. I will
however, detain thc_ Senate a moment by calling
theii attention to the iron lactones. This important
article was manufactured in this country, prior to
the revolution- besides what was sold and used at
home, we exported more than 7,001} tons annually.
After the revolution, from 1784 to 1794, when duty-
was scarcely known on imports, the capital invested
in manufacturing iron continually increased, and its
production was extended vigorously every year. In
the year 1794, Mr. Coxe published his views of the
Lniteu States, and says there were in Massachu-
setts alone 76 iron works; Virginia made above
tons of iion; in Pennsylvania there were 16
furnaecs and 37 large forges, besides slitting and
rolling mills, that cut and rolled 1,500 tons of iron;
in Jew Jersey there were 79 forges and 8 furnaces;
m Maryland, and most of the other States there
were many iron works in operation. Mr. Coxe
then estimated the quantity of iron then consumed
in nails and spikes at 4,000,000 pounds; of which
1,800,000 only were imported, the rest were made
at home.
According to a report made by a committee ap-
pointed at the free trade convention, held in Phila-
delphia, they state that, according to the census of
1810, "there were in the United States 153 iron fur-
naces and 330 forges, the former making 53,908 tons
of metal, and the latter 24,501 tons of bar iron.
The duties imposed upon all descriptions of import-
ed iron, up to the year 1810, had not gone beyond
15 per cent, ad valorem, with the exception of the 2j
per cent, duty, known as the Meditenanean fund,
which continued during and some time subsequent to
the war with Tripoli. This increase of duties had
been progressive. The act of July 4, 1789, com-
menced with 7i per cent, ad valorem; it was in-
creased to 10 per cent, ad valorem in 1792. Under
this scale of revenue duties, the manufacture of
American iron had grown up to the extent stated,
and the capital employed in the establishments,
necessary for its production, it is well known, yield-
ed fair and liberal profits. Some of the largest for-
tunes in Pennsylvania, Maryland, and New Jersey,
were acquired by iron masters during that period.
The history of the manufactures shows that these
high specific duties are not necessary to their exis-
tence. That their profits are thereby increased, no
one questions; but that they will be discontinued, is
a tale told to alarm their neighbors and operatives,
I have no doubt. It is argued by its friends that
the effect of a protective tariff is to distribute labor,
and thereby benefits the agriculturist. Can you be
at all certain that you will make a wise distribution?
"Will you assume the right to direct the citizen how
his labor shall be employed? If you admit the
theory of our government, that the people are wise
enough to govern themselves, and can conceive the
idea that your citizens are capable of choosing their
vocations, and distributing labor for themselves,
you will be saved a vast amount of painful labor in
legislation. The farmer is to be told, however, that
he does not understand his interest, and fine spun
arguments are turned from the spindles of spinning
jennies; and woven into a web with so much ingenui-
ty, that a plain man is troubled to tell which is the
right side. How does it happen that manufacturers,
and those who represent manufacturing interests,
have alone become so wise, that all other interests
must sit at their feet, to catch lessons of instruction
from their lips? It is amusing to hear manufactu-
rers expressing their fears that agriculturalists
would find no market, but for their establishments;
and urging upon Congress the propriety of foster-
ing and protecting their operations, in order that
they may be enabled to purchase agricultural prod-
ucts. Supply and demand will regulate itself in
all the departments oflabor; and whenever one spe-
cies of agricultural interest, for any cause, becomes
unprofitable, it does not require a law by Congress
to instruct the people to change their labor; they
have sufficient sagacity to do so without the inter-
position of the legislature. If you make your laws
equal and just, the talent and enterprise of the coun-
try will engage in and prosecute such business as
prudence shall divcct. You might not have as
many manufacturing establishments in the country;
but your mechanics would multiply, your naviga-
tion would increase, and the. sails of commerce
would whiten the azure surface of the ocean. Cou-
pled with this fear, it is argued that, by this protec-
tive system, you increase consumption by affording
ability to consume. And how is it accomplished*1
Not by multiplying the inhabitants of the world;
not by sharpening the appetites of consumers; but
by giving them the ability to purchase a greater
quantity of comforts and luxuries. Give to whom
a greater ability? 'Iothe manufacturers surely. If
this government gives to them the means with
which to increase their capacity to purchase, from
whom musl the government procure it' The gov-
ernment may transfer, but cannot create this ability;
and it follows from necessity, that whateier in-
creased ability the manufacturers may derive from
legislation, must be by lessening the ability of some
other class of its citizens. I beg gentlemen to make
the argument plain, and tell the farmers, the me-
chanics, the importing merchants, the navigators,
and all other ("lasses, that they must each contribute
of their substance, in order that manufacturers may
be enabled to consume more, and live in greater
luxury. This is the argument, stripped of its soph-
istry. This is the cry of the manufacturer. So
