April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Colquitt.
Senate.
arrange your laws's that I may employ more capital,
hire more people to serve me, anil that I may be
enabled to purchase more extensively, all life's com-
forts and luxuiies. What an argument in a gov-
ernment like ours! In other governments, they are
reaping the reward of this system. England pre-
sents a spectacle replete with admonition to every
lover of.human rights. Already the sweat, the toil
and tears of her laborers, have been moulded into
money, filling the coffers of less than one twentieth
of her population; while ten millions of her destitute
laborers are famishing for bread, and taking refuge
in charity hospitals, lingering out lives of misery
and want, enabling capitalists to enlarge their
ability to consume. The army and navy of Eng-
land will not be enabled to save that ancient and re-
nowned kingdom, unless her restrictive laws are re-
laxed. She has temporized and yielded to the influ-
ence of wealth, until Hviag masses, urged on by the
gnawings of hunger and despair, are prepared to sell
their lives to purchase bread. The agitation of the
public mind, like a troubled sea which has been put
m motion by the whirlwind, is rolling on, wave af-
ter wave, mounting higher and more high, until the
whole element presents a scene of threatened desola-
tion.
I will ask your indulgence to a few of the many
facts that I find collected on the subject of this ex-
citement in an anti-corn law newspaper, published
at Manchester. In an appeal for support to extend
their operations, they say:
The time has now arr!\ ed when wo rrmst enlarge the cir-
cle of our supporters, to enable us to extend the field of our
operation?. We ask for the pecuniary assistance of all a\ ho
believe in the justice and paramount importance of the abo-
lition of the food monopoly. We have entered upon the
herculean labor of educating' an entire nation To inform
twenty-seven millions of people upon all the evils ofmonop-
oly and all the advantages of free trade, will require an ex-
penditure of money proportionate to the gieatness ofthe un-
dertaking. "We ask—nay, we claim the prompt pecuniary
aid of the bread-eaters of the kingdom, of whatever class,
sect, sex, age, or calling We call 011 all to contribute to-
wards the glorious object of untaxing the bread of the peo-
ple, and striking the letters from the industry of a great na-
tion.
Vour miserable manufacturers, starving without resist-
ance, or dying at the point of your bayonets;—that is the
futuritj which awaits you. But there are other prospects
in the distance—a ruined gentry, decayed farm-houses,
neglected fields, a dismembered and fallen empire—the
fruits of w hat7 'I he grinding covctonsness of the landed in-
terests.— l.ondon Morning Chronicle.
A clergyman of Manchester writes thus to a
friend in Boston:
I am just now full-handed with meetings for the relief of
the poor and destitute. They pray to be transported'. They
say by thousands, '-send us to Sou'h Australia, &c. Throw
us ashore, and we will trust in God to get food by our la-
bor." We are in a fearful state in Manchester. Unless
some effectual relief be afforded by government before the
winter, we shall be in danger of a dreadful commotion.
As late as the third of January last, the corres-
£ondent of the Journal of Commerce, writing from
•ondon, says:
Incendiarism still continues its frightful excesses, whilst
the torch is held by haggard u ant, or gaunt despair. The
most awful distress prevails, in the metropolis as well as in
the provinces; and it is to be feared that its increase is as
certain as it wjII be rapid Every day and every new spaper
bring additional details of the most horrible destitution-, and
all accounts agree that there i« no remedy for such awful
calamities. Private benevolence has d^ne its duty, and
there have been more largesses bestowed during this Christ-
mas than have been remembered for half a century. The
public charities, too, have extended their boons, and ex-
pended their philanthropy; but the cry is heard, "give—
give—give." and the plaintive wail of the widow and
maiden thrills upon the heart, as she ceases from her weari-
some toil of making shirts for one farthing each. Deaths
from hunger have furnished the coroners \v ith inquests; but
"died ®f atrophy" is the high-sounding name gi%en to de-
mises in the bills of mortality.
How is it possible that such a system, unequal as
it is, can contribute to the. general wealth and pros-
perity of a nation! Look not only to Great Britain,
to Spain, and to Holland, but to every other country
that has long adopted the protective system, and
you will find that it has transferred immense for-
tunes into the hands ofthe few, at the expense of a
nation of paupers. The work is often gradual, but
it is sure. To render this system popular, the
farmers are told that they are greatly benefited bv it:
first, by furnishing them an additional home market,
and secondly, by lessening their numbers, and, con-
sequently, lessening the quantity of their products.
The farmers have not been clamoring and asking
Congress to reduce their numbers! They fear no
competition; they would gladly see every family in-
vesting a part of its capital, and bestowing part of
its labors, in this most necessary and useful occupa-
tion. With an abundance, and to spare, of the
fruits of the soil, we shall never mourn over a starv-
ing population, nor see the nation otherwise than
free, prosperous and happy. Agricultural pursuits
suit the genius of our government, and the habits
of her people. It is the most important branch of
our labor; and that legisladbn is foul which depress-
es it for the protection and aid of manufactories.
And I beseech the special friends of the manufac-
turers in the Senate not to imagine, for a moment,
that their guardianship is necessary to the success of
agriculturists. Permit the people to follow their
own vocations, and do not seek to lessen the num-
ber of farfners by increasing their burdens, so that
they must be driven from the pursuits of their choice.
Let them alone; let them alone; and require them to
pay no more than an equitable share of taxes. But
you insist that an additional home market is fur-
nished for agriculturists, by building up and sup-
porting these factories. If these establishments are
not sufficiently profitable to enable their proprietors
to carry them on without assistance, since they are
now making large dividends, it is very certain that
the tariff of 1842 must plunder other interests for
the benefit What equivalent do they render t > the
other interests5 The answer I shall now notice is,
that they furnish a home market! What do gen-
tlemen mean by a "home market?" They do not
define! it is one of the charm-words that they use
without defining, as they do "home industry" and
"independent of foreign nations." When nature
opens a place of ti ide, where one man exchanges
his surplus products for the surplus products for an
other, or where one nation exchanges her surplus
for the surplus of another, such places are markets,
where articles, made merchandise, are bought and
sold. A home market would therefore seem to he a
place of trade springing up at our doors for mutual
advantage. This is very convenient and desirable.
But will such markets be wanting unless you make
a tariff for protection? Your tariff law builds up a
market at the expense of agriculture, compelling
them to pay more for the privilege of the market
than the sale of his products in it are worth; and
this you christen a "home market." You make
this market by restraining your citizens from selling
any where else or buying any where else, for the
preciom privilege of a "home market." By this
principle of restraint alone is the "home market" kept
alive. It amounts, then, to this, and no more: that
the other interests of the country furnish manufac-
turers with money to purchase their own produce.
Or, in other words, the former sell just as much prod-
uce to the manufacturer as gets him back a part of
his money which the, tariff had transferred from his
to the pockets of the manufacturer; so that, by the
process of furnishing this market, the farmer would
be gainer if he gave away a sufficiency of his labor
to furnish the manufacturers their bread stuffs, and
retained the residue. I take the argument of the
friends to a protective tariff to enforce this. They
say, that unless this protective system be continued,
the manufacturing interests will be destroyed.
Wherefore? Because, without it, they cannot make
a support. By the aid of the tariff of 1842, they
not only make a support, but large profits, as their
dividends prove. It cannot be denied, therefore,
that, by the operations of the tariff, their existence
arid profits are derived from the labor of others.
Without a protective tariff, the manufactories can-
not form a market to purchase agricultural products;
because they will be destitute of the means with
which puichases can be made. By thctanff of 1842,
they are well able to purchase, and therefore consti-
tute a good market. The question recurs, from
whom is this means derived? Not from thi* gov-
ernment, for it derives all its revenue from its citi-
zens. There is but one answer; they derive this
ability from the productive labor of others. So
that the tariff takes from the agriculturists a part
of the products of their labor, and gives it to man-
ufacturers, with which to purchase agricultural la-
bor. And this market, thus formed, is lauded for
its usefulness to the farming interests of the country.
They constitute just such a customer to the farmers
as the Yankee foot pedler did to the keeper of a
western grocery. The itinerant merchant, with hi<*
stick and wallet, entered the shop, and seemed
greatly perplexed whether he would spend a six-
pence for beer or cake, not feeling able or willing to
pay for either. After «i moment's pause he seemed
decided, and agreed for a cake, which was handed
him; again he paused, and concluded he would take
the beer. The beer having been drawn and present-
ed, he gave the shop-keeper the cake; after drinking
his beverage he w~as about to ictirc, when the shop-
keeper demanded pay, The Yankee inquired for
what? For the beer that you bought, was the an-
swer. I paid you for it, certainly; did I not give
you that cake for the beer? Yes; then pay me for
the cake. Oh, no! you cannot require that, for you
have the cake. So he made the beer by his wits.
The tariff of 1842 takes the farmer's money and
gives it to the manufacturer, and the manufacturer
then gives a part of the money for his produce, and
all is settled. A few such customers would impover-
ish agriculture. The impression, however, necessa-
ry to be made, is, that because the neighboring1
farmers can sell their produce to those employed in
manufactories, they would find no purchasers at
home but for the factories. This is not true, unless
it can be demonstrated that the number of con-
sumers are increased, or that their appetites are
sharpened and their digestive organs improved.
The protective policy does not multiply the popula-
tion of the earth, and consequently the number of
consumers is not increased by it. It does no more
than inflict an injury upon other employments,
making it necessary to abandon them, ana, as a mat-
ter of interest, go to manufacturing. * Consumers
are therefore transferred by law from navigation,
from commerce, from mechanism, and from other
pursuits, to this more lucrative business. The mar-
ket is only a little changed, as from Boston to Low-
ell. The senator from Massachusetts said that this
system was forced on them at a time when the peo-
ple of that State were largely engaged in navigation
and commerce; or, to use his more eloquent lan-
guage, when her enterprising citizens were plough-
ing the ocean's deep, and riding upon her mountain
waves. By fettering and restricting commerce, that
State has fewer citizens engaged in other pursuits
than she would otherwise have had, and more em-
ployed in manufacturing. Commerce and naviga-
tion have built our cities, and increased our
towns, in which we have a far better home
market for agricultural products than the fac-
tories can ever furnish, particularly if we must
continue to furnish the means with which
to make purchases. But, so far as the citizens of
the State of Georgia are concerned, there is no pre-
text for saying they furnish us a market for bread-
stuffs. Every farmer there, who makes more than
is necessary for family consumption, finds for it a
market at home. Our chief surplus is cotton,
which we have a right to exchange wherever it can
be done with most profit to the citizens. It is con-
tended that these manufactories in the United States
furnish the cotton-growing States an important
market for the raw material, and benefit them by
an additional market, and by keeping up competi-
tion. The same argument is applicable that I used
when discussing the value of these establishments
as a market for breadstuff's. They constitute poor
markets if we have first to make them able to pur-
chase. The price of cotton, or cotton fabrics, does
not depend upon any particular market, or upon
the placc where made. To the cotton grower, it
can make no difference whether he sells in or out of
the United States. His object is to obtain the best
return. The superior quality of his cotton forbids
the idea of any successful competition from any re-
gion of the earth. The immense fortunes possessed
by the nobility of England, the low price of labor,
and the cheapness of the ordinary materials for
conducting manufactories, have hitherto enabled
them to manufacture cotton fabrics for a less pr.eo
than they could be made anywhere else. Fortius
reason, the most of the cotton raised m this coun-
ti v has been sent to England; she has furnished the
best market, because other countries were not able
to compete with her m manufacturing the article.
Do the manufactories in the United States furnish
cotton planters with an additional market? Unless
the advocates of this system can prove that in Great
Britain, where money among the wealthy is plenty
and cheap, sufficient factories would not ha---e been
established to supply the demand for manufactured
fabrics, this position must utterly fail. The supply
of the raw material, and the demand for its manu-
factured fabrics, must always regulate prices m the
market; and he who apprehends that the number
of manufactories will fail to be coextensive with
the demands of the world, reflects but little upon
the laws which regulate the actions of jnen.
Wherever thev can be erected, either in the United
States or out of them, so that they can make a profit
unon the capital employed, interest and necessity
will force them into existence, in numbers sufficient
to keep pace with the wants of society. If the cot-
ton factories in the United States can manufacture
as cheap as it can be done in England, you need nofc
