§?6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Colquitt.
Senate.
pass a protective tariff in order to furnish a home
market; for very soon, without any protection, save
the necessary cost attending transportation, our
own factories will purchase a sufficiency to furnish
us at home, and every other market nearer to them
than to England. But so long as Great Britain can
make the fabrics sufficiently, cheap to pay the ex
pense of cost and freight to and from her market,
and still undersell our manufactories, there can be
no doubt that she furnishes the best market for our
cotton, and will always continue to furnish it so
long as that advantage exists. For this very
reason, the friends to a " protective tariff" ask
for a law to protect them against the pauper
labor of England. They say they cannot compete,
and will be ruined. How shall we aid them? By
passing such a law as will enable them to compete.
At whose expense will this aid be rendered? At
the cost of the cotton planter, by cutting him off
from a better market, and at the cost of the con-
sumer, who must pay a higher price for his neces-
saries.
The cotton planter must be a heavy loser,if he has
to pay an annual income to home manufactories, in
order to build up a home market. The distance,
the perils of the ocean, the expense, together with
duty imposed on cotton abroad, afford all the ad-
vantages which ought to be allowed our home in-
stitutions; and it is iniquitous to tax the cotton
planter for their benefit. It is a fallacy to suppose,
that because a rickety factory springs into exist-
ence, requiring annual supplies from the farmers to
keet. it alive—that because they have this additional
market for their product,—that therefore they have a
more ample and oetter market. I may now be per-
mitted to repeat, that our manufactories require no
such unjust legislation, in order to prosper, besides
what I have heretofore said, I ask you to examine
t/he official tables for the year 1842, when the tariff
was at its lowest maximum, under the compromise act,
and you will find that the aggregate value of articles
manufactured in the United States, was $427,784,-
923, and the whole amount of imported manufac-
tures was but $62,405,940—being little over one-
seventh of the whole, made in other countries. Sir,
I am impatient at the continued attempts to impose
such a system upon the country. It has no claims
upon our justice, our humanity, our patriotism, or
our religion. These cries "for help," "for protec-
tion," are but the incessant wails of monopolizing
cupidity. This tenacious hold upon the arm of le-
gislation, is the right grasp of avarice, whose
spirit is unrelenting as the angel of death, and whose
maw iw as insatiate as the grave. Every effort made
in the cause of constitutional liberty is thwarted by
. the love of party and of power; the statute book is
searched to find precedents which justify the op-
pression; and wrongs, because they have been in-
flicted and endured before, must be inflicted and en-
dured again. Because, at an early period of our
political existence, the most numerous and produc-
tive classes bore, without complaint, slight bur-
dens for the encouragement of employments then
less lucrative, the precedent is urged, as demonstrating
the propriety of bearing burdens greatly more
onerous, to favor a class of citizcns whose profits
are far greater than their own. The argument is
this: wise and patriotic men first brought forward
this policy; we then conceived it wrong; but the
farmers have submitted to it for twenty-five years,
and we now think they should not complain to bear
it twenty-five years longer. Against such doctrine,
I protest. A bad precedent had best be abandoned,
no matter by whom introduced or advocated; and I
shall never be a convert to the doctrine that wrongs
endured is a justifiable cause for continuing and
increasing them. To make palatable this scheme
of fraud, an attempt is made to stir up national
pride, and excite the public mind against the same
system of legislation in other countries. "We have
the right, and must have countervailing duties," is
the cry ! "Other nations tax our produce, and we
must tax theirs, by way of retaliation !"—"There
is nonsuch thing as free trade,"—are the repeated dec-
larations of the advocates for protection. Are the
manufacturers in earnest, when they press retaliation
upon the consideration of Congress? Are they re-
ally provoked because England taxes American
produce5 Do they desire countervailing duties, in
order to force other countries to adopt a more liberal
policy?
Sir, I must be permitted to say that there is no sound-
ness in the argument; and I have no confidence in
the sincerity of those who urge it. The foreign tax
imposed upon our agricultural products is a benefit
to the home manufacturers. The English corn
laws, by prohibiting our breadstuffs from entering
their ports, enable the manufacturers here to
purchase their provision supplies with greater cheap-
ness. If their ports were open and free to our farm-
ers, they would have a better market for their sur-
plus, and our manufacturers would be forced to pay
an additional price for their provisions. The "pro-
tective system" here, and in England, is alike—op-
erating for the exclusive benefit of monopolized cap-
ital in both countries. In England, the lordly land
proprietors have corn laws for their benefit; in the
United States, the wealthy proprietors of manufac-
turing capital have the tariff for theirs. If there ex-
isted a combination between the owners of wealth
here and there, the laws of both countries could not
be made moie beneficial to each. The corn laws of
England benefit landlords there, enabling them to re-
ceive higher rents from their tenants; and the same
laws benefit manufacturers here, enabling them to
purchase their supplies at cheaper rates. The tariff
here shuts out a large amount of the manufactures
from England, lessening the competition in our home
market, and enabling the manufacturer to make a
larger profit upon his capital. The same law bene-
fits the English landlord by lessening, in England,
the amount of manufacturing labor, and consequent-
ly increasing the number of tenants who must live
by agriculture. I therefore conclude that it is nei-
ther the wish nor the interests of the two classes, in
either England or America, to have the system
changed in either country. It is a combination of
the wealth and capital of each against the labor and
industry ofboth. The object, and the only justifi-
able object, which this government can have in im-
posing retaliatory duties,is to compel England to relax
her impost laws; and that object is utterly destroy-
ed, when it is manifest that the controlling moneyed
interest of that country is not injured, but benefited
by it.
If, then, the object which this government has in
imposing countervailing duties is defeated, it ought
to be abandoned, unless it can be shown to be bene-
ficial to the great mass of American citizens. I have
already said that it adds to the profits of manufac-
turing capitalists; and I now aver that it operates in-
juriously to all other classes of citizens. England,
by her laws, deprives our farmers of a market for a
part of their products; and our government, to retal-
iate upon her for tins act of unkmdness, cuts off the
market for the balance. England refuses to take
our breadstuffs; and therefore we will cripple the
farmers' market for the residue of his surplus. Re-
taliation may sound well in American ears, but it
operates destructively to exporting interests. The idea
of our taxing foreign goods might have some force,
if they belonged to British subjects; hut when ex-
changed, or about to be exchanged, for the surplus
products of our own citizens, it is a tax upon our
own people, and their labor. Whatever products
raised by the farmers of this country, are ex-
ported for sale, are surplus products, for which they
find a better market abroad than at home; and what-
ever is received for this surplus belongs, bona fide,
to our farmers; and the tax imposed upon these
goods, received by them in exchange for their pro-
ducts, is a tax imposed upon the labor of the Amer-
ican farmer, and not a tax upon foreigners.
This saying, (which has grown so popular in a
few years,) "that there is no free trade;" "that other
nations tax our produce, and we must retaliate by
taxing theirs," when understood, amount only to
this: that other nations injure our agriculturists at
least one-fourth of their surplus, and this country
must retaliate by injuring them at least as much
more. England taxes our agricultural products,
for instance, 30 per cent.; the residue is exchanged
for supplies, and brought home; upon reaching our
ports, it is met by this law of retaliation, in the
hands of a custom-house officer, requiring 30 per
cent, more; the agriculturists pay it, and march
home, consoled with the reflection that it was a
countervailing duty—a duty on foreign goods.
These catchwords—"protection," "home labor,"
and "taxing foreign goods"—addressed to the popu-
lar ear, operating upon national prejudice, have been
made the mighty shield to defend a system of legal-
ized plunder from the blighting curse of honest in-
dignation. _ Suppose that, in the nature of things,
countervailing duties could be made to benefit such
interests ^ as pay high duties in foreign coun-
tries (which is impossible') how must it aftbet the in
terests of Georgia' The surplus product which we
export is cotton, which finds almost a lree market in
Great Britain. For what should tho citizens of my own
State desire countervailing duties f The ports oi the 'world
are open to the only article of importance which they send
abroad. The only fetters forged lor the articles of their in-
dustry are forged by this government. The only tax upon
their labor is the tax you impose and justify as an act of re-
taliation. Your favorite system of "protection" cannot filch
capital fast enough from the pockets of the people to furnish
a market for our staple. The British market purchases
seven-eighths of the cotton raised in this country; and the
effect of a protective tarilf upon the cotton planter, is to
cripple or destroy his market, and diminish the "net gains of
his labor. No matter how necessary statesmen may some-
times deem the imposing of retaliatory duties, to force other
nations to abandon their restrictions, there'can be no ques-
tion that, during the period of their existence, the exporting
interests are injured. 1
I have noticed the effect of the counteracting duties upon
the farming interests, for the reason that, of late, it has been
presented in the State of Georgia as a very proper method
of taking revenge upon other nations for exercising the
same policy. Its withering and destructive results were, in
that State, once fully comprehended, and unsparingly de-
nounced. Five years ago there was not, within the length
and breadth of the State, one single voice which clamored
in favor of the "American system," seeking to build up a
party at the expense of private rights. I have seen the
people assembled, when indignant fire flashed from eveiy
eye, kindling the mass to active flame—when the sword of
justice hung suspended to guard the constitution's sacred
code, and defend those rights held inviolate by all.
My colleague yesterday seemed ignorant of what was
meant by free trade; and charged those who use the term as
being guilty of imposing upon the people. Sir, what ex-
cuse shall be made for him when we read his free trade ad-
dress, and compare it with this part of his speech yesterday.
It is humiliating, I confess, to contemplate one w ho "has Hied
so Ions, oiid to so much purpose,y presenting himself in such
an attitude to the world. He yesterday inquired, "What is
this free trade, and where does it exist^ I* it mEngland"?
Is it here? Can it be tolerated by either country'" I should
suppose, by reading his free trade address, that he would
have been quite competent to have explained to the Senate
what was understood by "fire trade." I should ha^ e con-
cluded that he could we.ll nave defined the distinction be-
tween what is called the free-trade party and the protective-
tariff party! I call jour attention to a quotation or two
from his address. He says:
"We are the advocates of free trade. The argument which
sustains it rests upon a proposition which may not be de-
nied. It is the unquestionable right of every individual to
apply his labor and capital in the mode which he may con-
ceive best calculated to piomote his own interest. It is the
interest of the public that he should so apply it. He un-
derstands better than it can be understood by the govern-
ment what will conduce to his own benefit, and since the ma-
jority of individuals will, if properly protected, be disposed
to follow their interests, such an application of their indus-
try and capital must produce in the result, the greatest
amount of public good. Let it be remembered that the
question relates exclusively to the application of capital. It
cannot be generated by an act of legislation. The power of
the government is limited to its transfer from one employ-
ment to another. It takes from some less favored interest
what it bestows on the one it professes to protect. It is
equally untrue that such a system gives greater employ-
ment to labor. Its operation is confined to the simple change
of its application. Laws which protect by bounty any pe-
culiar species of labor, cannotbe said to encourage Ameri-
can indust) /—-that is directed to various objects. These
laws favor only a single class; and since the bountv is not
supplied by the government, but taken from the pocket of
the individual, the protection which is given to one speeies
of labor, is so given at the expense of every other. That
course of legislation which leaves American capital and la-
bor to the unfettered discretion of those who possess the
one, and apply to the other, can alone be denominated the
lJlmei Lean system.1"
The senator [Mr. Berriev] uses the term free trade re-
peatedly in his address; and, as you have just noticed, says:
"IPe are the advocates offree trade.'''' With what propiiety
could he charge the opponents of a protective tariff, in
speaking of free trade, as using terms calculated to deceive >
To my mind, he places himseli in this dilemma: that, when
he penned the free-trade address, he used an expression
which he knew was calculated to deceit e, or he was in«in
cere in the remarks made j e-terday upon this subject.
The President of the Senate here remarked that it was
out of order to impugn a senator's motives ]
Is it not in order to compare expressions used bv the sen-
ator on a former occasion with those used ) ebterday, and
show, by the comparison, that he w as not sincere on yester-
day in the remarks he made, or that he used words on
a former occasion which he knew were calculated to de-
ceive '
[The President replied it was not in order]
I have no disposition to contest a point of order with the
presiding officci, though I had supposed the argument was
strict!} legitimate The senator drew a lively picture of
the grow ing prospects of the United States, anticipating the
period when liftv millions of the people, pursuing anous
vocations, would inhabit them, and inquires, "Can it le
that they are destined to be dependent on the workshops of
burope for tiie necessaries or comemences of hie5"' Here
sir. he adapts another magic idea, derived from his new vn.
Iitioal allies It would he well to undi-rUand wh;it they
mean by dependence upon foreign work-hops, and w hat l>v
independence of foieiyn nations We are certainly inde-
pendent of all the nations of the earth, so fai as independ-
ence is a bWmg The declaration of inder endence w as
published on the ith of July, 177G; and after a bloody war
our independence w as achieved. From that time until now'
those States have been free and independent. The senator
then, has no allusion to national independence but to com-
mercial dependence. He surely does not desire a wall of
foreign prohibition built up around these fifty wilhom of
freemen. It is a little peculiai th u the monopolists of Eu-
rope are making speeches of tho same character, and talk-
ing of independence. \\ ho is it that desires positive com-
mercial independence of foreign nations' ttno is it, I in-
quire, with the heart of an American and feelings of a
