Mi
Congressional globe.
used in the composition of painters' colors, dry or
ground in oil; on sulphate of barytes; on linseed,
rapeseed, and hempseed oil; and on putty,—there
shall be levied a duty of thirty per centum, instead
of the various duties imposed by the said act.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the first day of September, in the year afore-
said, the duties imposed by the said act upon the ar-
iicles hereinafter mentioned shall be changed, modi-
fied, and reduced, in the manner following—that is
to say:
On bank, folio, quarto-pest of all kinds, and letter
and bank-note paper; on antiquarian, deftly, draw-
ing, elephant, double-elephant, foolscap, imperial,
medium, pot, pith, royal, super-royal, and writing
paper; on copper-plate, blotting, copying, colored
for labels, colored for needles, marble or fancy-col-
ored, glass paper, morocco paper, pasteboard, press-
ing-board, sand paper, tissue paper, and on all gold
or silver paper, whether in sheets or strips; on col-
ored copper-plate, printing, and stainers' paper; and
on binders' boards, box boards, mill boards, paper-
makers' boards, sheathing, wrapping, and cartridge
paper,—there shall be levied a duty of thirty per
centum ad valorem, instead of the various dfuties
imposed by the said act. On all paper-hanging's, on
paper for screens or fire-boards, there shall be levied
a duty of thirty per centum ad valorem, instead of
the duty of thirty-five per centum imposed by the
said act. On all blank books bound, there shall be
levied a duty of thirty per centum ad valorem, in-
stead of the duty of twenty cents per pound im-
posed by the said act. And on all other paper not
enumerated, there shall be levied a duty of thirty
per centum ad valorem, instead of the duty of fif-
teen cents per pound imposed by the said act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the said first day of September, in the year
aforesaid, the duties imposed by the said act upon
the articles hereinafter mentioned, shall be changed,
modified, and reduced in the manner following—that
is to say:
First. On raw sugar (commonly called brown
sugar) not advanced beyond its raw state, by clay-
ing, boiling, clarifying, or other process, and on
brown claycd sugar, there shall be levied a duty of
two cents per, pound, instead of the duty of two and
a half cents per pound imposed by the said act; 011
sirup of sugar or of sugar cane there shall be levied
a duty of one and a half cent per pound instead of
the duty of two and a half cents per pound imposed
by the said act; on all other sugars, when advanced
beyond the raw state, by claying, boiling, clarifying,
or other process, and not yet refined, there shall tie
levied a duty of three cents per pound, instead of the
duty of four cents per pound imposed by the said
act; on refined sugars (whether loaf, lump, crushed,
or pulverized, and where, after being refined, they
have been tinctured, colored, 01- in any way adulter-
ated) and on sugar candy, there shall be levied a
duty of four cents per pound, instead of the duty of
six cents per pound imposed by the said act; and on
molasses there shall be levied a duty of three mills
per pound, instead of the duty of four and a half
mills per pound imposed by the said act.
Second. On cocoa, chocolate, cinnamon, oil of
cloves, crude camphor, mdigo, ivory or bone black,
oil of vitriol, and sulphuric acid, there shall be levied
a duty of fifteen pel centum ad valorem, instead of
the various duties imposed by the said act, on gin-
ger ground and ginger in the root, when not pre-
served, wond or pastil, alum, and copperas, and
green vitriol, there shall be leued a duty of twenty
per centum ad valorem, instead of the various duties
imposed by the said act; and 011 mace, nutmegs,
cloves, Chinese cassia, pimento, black pepper, cam-
phor refined, opium, glue, gunpowder, blue or Ro-
man vitriol or sulphate of copper, almonds, prunes,
sweet oil of almonds, dates, currants, tigs, all nuts
not specified, except those used for dying, Muscatel
and bloom laisms, either in boxes or jars, and on
all other raisms, there shall be levied aduty of thirty
per centum ad valorem, instead of the various duties
imposed by the said act.
Third. On olive oil in casks, spermaceti oil of
foreign fisheries, whale or other fish oil not sperm,
of foreign fisheries, spermaceti or wax candles, and
candles of spermaceti and wax combined, tallow
candles, all hard soap except Windsor shaving
and all other perfumed or fancy soaps, and wash
balls and Castile soap, on starch and pearl or hulled
barley, there shall be levied a duty of thirty per
centum ad valorem, instead of the various duties im-
posed by the said act.
Fourth. On salt there shall be levied a duty of twen-
ty per centum, instead of the duty of eight cents per
bushel imposed by the said act; and on vinegar,
beef, pork, hams, bacon, cheese, butter, lard, wheat,
barley, rye, oats, Indian corn or maize, wheat flour,
Indian meal and potatoes, there shall be levied a
duty of twenty-five per centum'ad valorem, instead
of the various duties imposed by the said act; and
on foreign fish, namely, dried or smoked, on mac-
kerel and herrings, pickled or salted, on pickled
salmon, and all other fish pickled in barrels, there
shall be levied a duty of twenty-five per centum ad
valorem, instead of the various duties imposed by
the said act.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That from" and
after the first day of September, in the year afore-
said, the duties imposed by the said act upon the
articles herinafter mentioned, shall be changed, mod-
ified, and reduced in the manner following—that is
to say:
First. On spirits from grain, of first proof, forty-
two cents per gallon; of second proof, forty-five
cents per gallon; of third proof, forty-eight cents per
gallon; of fourth proof, fifty-two cents per gallon; of
fifth proof, sixty cents per gallon; above fifth proof,
seventy-five cents per gallon;- on spirits from other
materials than grain, of first and second proof, thirty-
eight cents per gallon; of third proof, forty-two
cents per gallon; of fourth proof, forty-eight cents
per gallon; of fifth proof, fifty-seven cents per gal-
lon; above fifth proof, seventy cents per gallon, in-
stead of the various duties imposed by the said
act.
Second. On wines of all sorts there shall be levied
a duty of thirty per centum ad valorem, instead of
the various duties imposed by the said act.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the. first day of September, in the year afore-
said, the following articles, viz. Unmanufactured
cotton, guano, and sulphate of quinine, shall be ex-
empt from duty.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the first day of September, in the year afore-
said, so much of the sixteenth section of the act
entitled "an act to provide revenue frrtm imports,
and to change and modify existing laws imposing
duties 011 imports and for other purposes," approved
011 the thirteenth day of August one thousand eight
hundred and forty-two, which directs the manner in
which the market value or wholesale price of goods,
wares and meicliandise, imported into the United
States, and subject to ad valorem duties, or duties
bused upon the value of the square yard, or any
specified quantity or parcel of such goods, shall be
ascertained, be and the same is hereby so far modi-
fied, that to said value or price to be ascertained as
provided for in said section, shall be added only the
costs and charges, which shall have been incurred to
and at the place of exportation.
Sf.c. 12. And be. it further enacted, That all ad
valorem duties authorized to be levied under this
act, or of the act of which this is amendatory, which
shall exceed twenty-five per centum ad valorem,
shall, 011 the first day of September, 1845, be reduced
to that rate.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That all du-
ties imposed by the said act, hereby amended, which
are not hereinbefore changed, increased, altered, mod-
ified, or reduced, shall be and remain, and shall be
levied and collected m the same manner as other
duties upon imports; and all clauses, provisos, and
other provisions of the said act not hereby altered,
amended, or expressly repealed, shall be and remain
in as full force and effect as if the same had been
re-enacted 111 tins act.
St-.c. 14. And be it further enacted, That the twelfth
section ot the said act shall be, and the same is
hereby, so far modified, that all goods imported from
within, or this side of the Cape of Good Hope may
remain in the public stores foi the teirn of one hun-
dred and twenty days, instead of the teim of sixty
days, prescribed in the said section; and that all
goods imported from beyond the Cape of Good
Hope may remain 111 the public stores for the term
of one hundred and fifty days, instead of the term
of ninety days, prescribed in the said section : Pro-
vided, That, at the time of the payment of duties of
all such goods, whether the same, or any portion
thereof, be sold for the payment of such duties or
not, interest, at the rate of six per centum per an-
num, upon the duties payable from the time of the
entry to the time of payment, shall also be paid as a
part of the duties chargeable upon such goods.
The bill was read twice and committed; and, on
motion of Mr. McKAY, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. McK. also intimated that, to-morrow or on
Monday, the committee would make a report on
the same subject, accompanied by illustrative tabu-
lar statistics.
REPORTS.
On the motion of Mr. VANCE, the House agreed
that the standing committees should be called for
reports, and the following were presented:
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the petition of True Putney and
Hugh Riddle, accompanied by a bill for their relief;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House to-morrow.
Mr. V., from the Committee of Claims, made ad-
verse reports upon the cases of John Elwin and
Roxanna Evans; which was laid on the table.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee of Claims, made
a report upon the petition of Pacificus Ord, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief: referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the petition of John Frazer and
George A. Trenholm, accompanied by a bill for their
relief: referred to the Committee of the Whole House
to-morrow.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill from
the Senate, entitled "An act for the relief of George
Davenport, of Rock Island, in the State of Illinois,"
reported the same, without amendment: referred to
the Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. J. W. DAVIS,
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be re-
quired to report, as early as possible, why the print-
ing of the report of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is delayed.
O11 motion of Mr. J. W. DAVIS,
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the report
of the Committee on Public Lands, made to accom-
pany bill No. 2, for providing for the reduction and
graduation of the public lands, be printed for the
use of the members of this House.
Mr. MARSH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported the following joint resolution; which
was read three times, and passed:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United Slates of America in Congress assembled,
That the President of the United States be requested
to communicate to the British government, 111 such
manner as he may deem proper, the high sense enter-
tained by Congress of the generous zeal displayed by
the British authorities at Gibraltar; and the command-
er, officers, and crew of her Britannic Majesty's ship
Malabar, in endeavoring to save from destruction the
American steam frigate Missouri, and in preserving
the lives of her officers and crew, as well as of the
kindness and hospitality which characterized their
treatment of the ship's company of that vessel after
her destruction by fire.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, it was ordered
that the Committee on Public Lands be discharged
from the consideration of the memorial of the legis-
lative council of Iowa for a new land district, the
office for which to be £it Iowa city.
On motion of Mr. ROBINSON, it was ordered
that the Committee for the District of Columbia be
discharged from the consideration of the petition of
Wm. Wheatley. v
On motion of Mr. FRENCH, it was ordered that
the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from
*,C°™-rel^i°n of the Petition °f Sarah B. Stith.
Mr. COLES, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, made an adverse report on the resolution of
the House of the 5th of January last, 111 relation to
claims for horses lost in the service of the United
Nates: laid on the table.
Mr. MURPHY, from the Committee 011 Naval
Affairs, made a report upon the petition of Enoch
Hidden accompanied by a bill for his farther relief:
referred to the Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow.
T„Mi1\rp)B?RT smiTH, from the Committee on
with-, T?si<illa' made a rePort uPon die petition of
YVilliam R. Jaynes accompanied by a bill for his
relief, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House to-morrow.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, made a re-
bv n hill flei°nse Akersou, accompanied
Sl wfl n referred to the Committee of
the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, made an
laid?nethePtaWe!P°n ^ °f W',!ia™ Sc0 :
