April, 1844.
I 28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfifi.
St*
The Tariff—Mr. Owen.
H. of Reps.
Chirstian, that wishes our commerce with foreign nations
destroyed* Sir, I apprehend that not a single senator here
desires such an occurrence. You all value our intercourse
with the nations of the earth too highly. You all estimate
too much the advance oi science, religion,- and national
wealth, to desire no trade between us and tho rest of the
world. Positive independence of other nations is not meant
- is not desired. In a relati\e point of view, we are quite
as independent as contributes to either our interest 01 our
happiness; and we have the most independent nation on
earth. Great Britain is, and always will be, more depend-
ent on us for cotton wool, than we on her for the manulac-
tured fabrics. Mutual v\ ants keep up the commerce of the
world, and add to the wealth and happiness of mankind.
But i mu^t ask your attention 03ice more to the free-trade
address written "by the senator, [Mr. Bkrrien,] and con-
curred m by the entire State-rights party The address
reads:
"it is said that a dependence upon other nations for those
manulactures which are essential to our wants, is incon-
sistent w ith our character as a nation, and in this view that
the tarifl is essential to national independence. To us the
term seems to be strangely misapplied. It is agreed that a
system of free trade among all the nations of the world, by
securing the application ol the highest energies of each to
those objects which it was best qualified to produce, would
enlarge the amount of production and mciease the sum of
human comfort But such a «.tate of things would, accord-
ing to the argument which is urged, bo a state of universal
dependence, and precisely the same consequence would
follow in relation to the commercial intercourse of any
given nation with the other nations of the world, to the ex-
tent of that intercouse, whether a system of lice trade or of
partial restrictions should prevail. Thnt intercourse consists
in the mutual interchange ofcommodities, and it is impossible
to conceive the idea of a dependence on the one side, with-
out recognising the fact of a corresponding dependence on
the other. But such a state of mutual dependence is a
source of gratulation rather than of regret, since it gives to
each nation an increased facility for the development of its
highest energies, enlarges the sum of its enjoyments, and
aftords the surest guaranty for the peace and harmony of
the world."
The senator [Mr. Bfrrtfn] once seemed to comprehend
the necessity of mutual intercourse with other nations, and
did not shudder at the prospect of being dependent upon
European workshops. Sir, I was peculiarly attracted by
his remarks on yesterday, m attaching his individual inter-
est with the interest o( the South not certainly lor the
purpose of giving force to his remarks here, but to make an
impression at home. The senator makes a great sacrifice
for his partv. He has alvvavs opposed Air Clay and this
protective policy. He has stood m the front rank, upon the
chartered rights of the State; he has harangued public
meetings; written addresses; sat in con\entions, and de-
nounced tho whole "American system"1'—and now , renounc-
ing all. he makes the farther sacrifice of his i ice prospects,
in an effort to carry the State if, after all these sacrifices
of consistency, pimciples, his own interest, <md that of the
State he represents, 7%Ir ( h) should be elected, lie mtwt be
forgiven the old hole and be rewarded i must notice the
frequent allusions made to the thriving and nourishing con-
dition of the counliy, vvlnoh gentlemen seem desirous
should be attributed to the tanli of isu. My colleague
[Mr BiRUiix] does not go quite so far as to soj that it has
been produced by that act, but he ur° es it as a reason why
tho tariff should not be modified ('anno better reason be
assigned for the reviving condition of the countrj than the
imposition of heavy taxes' Can no better reason be
given for the unproved state of commorce than having in-
creased its fetters? Sir, the vvhigs must be pressed when
they seel: to give the credit of ihese improvements to the
tariff law. 11 the United States .Bank had been chartered,
the present advancement towards prosperity would have
been attributed to the great i emulator; if the proceeds of the
public lands had gone on among the States, it would have
been ascribed to that; but mjicc the tariff act of is the
onlvwluu; measure of geneiai nnpoit thnt stands on the
statute book, wh) , forsooth, we must know thnt mrreastd
titration h;^ put e\ i rything m motion; nt an> late, the tonff
mu^t not be modiiied, inasmuch as these tiimgp have hop-
pern .1 since its passage. Would not all thesr prospeious
times, of which gentlemen speak, be quite as justly at-
txibuted to President Tjler? Ought the} not to bay, w e
must have no change o'i presidency 1 'ihiru^s aie getting
on extremely well,'credit is icstored, commerc. levned,
the treasury replenished under Ins administration, and we
had best p.msc, distnib nothing, try him a little longer par-
ticularly nt this critical moment, *iu the condition of our
foreign relations' lb not the argument a-> strong, and much
more reasonable, thrft the condition ol the < ouiitiy hds been
improved by the President th n by ttnatu-,:' Avvny with
such reasoning, the people ol the C in ted i* tales are not all
children, thot'they can be deceived by such logic. 'ibe
country was prostrated by bank paper, by cxtravacrunt
speculations; by hu ildinc town° b\ puichafing land* . and
by erecting railroads andconls In thi^ condition, the people
went to work, and bought but little, and, m a few \ eat*, by
industjy and economy, tho condiiiou ol the coujitiy has
improved. A circumstance which hns added much to a
heilthlui improvement 1ms berm the uturn to a sound cur-
rency. Your bank bubbles—the United States Bank, Pnd
hundreds ol othois--have bnr-1- and, while ruui nmiked
their explosion, it left a cleai ^k\ laloi is rew irded w irh
wen.'V-and not with pio/mus. The taiili ^act oi has
been'm operation but liUlemoie than twelvemonth^, and
y et y ou insist the taiill has j.roduced the c hauu e or. to say
the least, must be let alone, lor peihap^ it ha:, i have mat.o
some calculations, and p.epiied .some tubh showmg the
deceptive character of the tari'i ol H12 by imposing mri-
imam and .vp'Vi'K duties; but 1 will not detain the Senate by
reading them.' But this f will say: if we make no chancre
in the present duties, let us phice them so that our con-
stituents niav understand w hat they do pay "W h( n tne biil
of 1^ 11 was 'passed, it was snd In its frtonds to be nrp'T-
leet; and that, at the present session there would be time
enough to alter and amend it. V\'t ere row told it will be a
sad mnovaTon, and a dangetous experiment to touch it.
1 will not longer trespass upon the patience of the Senate:
and. j1 1 have said aught too harsh foi the place or occas.on}
I beg you, sir, to remember that, as a son of Georgia, my
filial heart beats high, looking on amother's wrongs; that 1
stand m this body alone, to urge the language ofher solemn
protest, which you have heard read; that we have been told
that this unjust system of taxation is to become the fixed
and settled policy of the land, that the die is cast; that the
father of the sy stem w ill be elected the chief magisti ate of
the nation, and his policy be fastened upon the country for-
ever. All this may happen; but, unlike my friend' from
South Carolina, [Mr. McDuffic,] I will not on that accownt
abandon my post; but will be found, at home or abroad, in
or out of public life, standing where many of the gallant
and the biave of my own State stood tw elve yeais ago—upon
the outer wall of the country's constitution, battling down
a party whose leading policy tends to wrench the hist beg-
garly doit from the clutch of poverty, to swell the fortunes
of milhonary capitalists. But, as sanguinely as they
speak of Mr. Clay's success, J hope better things for the
country. "Mhlta cadere inter caHcem ct labia." 'Ilie cry of
"fiee trade and sailors' rights—though now professed not to
be understood—-which was once sounded' through every
farm-yard, calling to arms the peaceful tenants of the cot-
tage, will again fte sounded through the length and breadth
of the land—will be inscribed upon every banner, and, at
the polls, an army of freemen will be found to rescue their
ancient motto fiom rum and disgrace. 1 rely upon men who
will not crouch to the lash of tyranny, or kiss the foot that
treads them to the earth. Patriotism and religion have
united interests, in breaking the fetters from commerce—in
spreading wide her saris, and sending her forth, freighted
with the products of American labor, arid beai ing aloft the
"itripes and stars" of a free people, and the biiglit, peaceful
banner of the cospel. The cause of truth, justice, patrio-
tism, and religion, must and w ill prevail.
THEORY OF TARIFF PROTECTION.
SPEECH OF MR. OWEN,
OF INDIANA.
In the House of Representatives, Jlpril 22, 1844—
[The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having taken up the
tariff bill recently reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means,]
Mr. OWEN said:
On the 30th of August, in the year 1842, a certain
bill received the presidential approval, and became
a law. It was called "An Act to provide Revenue
from Imports." On its face, and by name, it was a
revenue bill. In effect, and as a necessary and cal-
culated lesult of its provisions, it was much more.
It contained the legal machinery of a system, cen-
turies old in other countries, bat modern in this, a
singular system, and founded on a singular idea;
the idea, that taxes, so they be indirect and be paid
m a custom house, are, not a necessary evil, but a
positive good, to the people taxed. The advocates
of this system, which they have strangely chosen to
call Jlmerican, contend, that industry is best fostered,
and skill most effectually encouraged, by taxation.
In the days of the Boston tea party, and for quarter
of a century thereafter, such a doctrine found small
favor ill the eyes of republicans. It remained for
modern ingenuity to discover, that it benefits a nation
to tax it, after any fashion, beyond the limit of the
revenue necessary for its government. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of this House, dissent-
ing from that theory, have repoited a bill, now under
discussion, framed so as to effect a gradual return to
the old revenue principles of Washington and Jeffer-
son's times. 1 rise, at the risk of repeating what
may have been often and better said before; but
truth will bear repetition, and sometimes requires it
—I me biiefly to debate the claims and merits of
the syslem it is thus proposed to abandon.
It is important to call things by their proper
names. A false epithet lies i omi^ionly at the bot-
tom of a false theory; and it is matter of marvel how
vast and goodly a superstructure may be erected, by
human ingenuity, on the frail and narrow basis of
one false word.
Protection is the chief duty which a free govern-
ment owes to its citizens; piotcction, as the gentleman
beside me from New York [Mr. Slymour] in his
minoiity report, truly says, not to life and limb
and liberty alone, but to property and to the just
means of acquiring property, labor. In feudal times,
when the serf was called off from his plough, to
waste his time in fighting as often as it pleased his
liege lord to quarrel, that serfs industry grievously
lackcd protection. Or when a caravan of merchant
adventurers was waylaid by the troops of some pred-
atory baron, who levied contribution to any amount
his rapacity might suggest, then there was imper-
ative demand for the interposing shield of the law.
Such outrages have ceased; yet, in our day,
much is still said, on both sides of the Atlantic,
about the necessity of affording protection to do-
mestic industry and commercial enterprise.
In England, the proprietors of land are the chief
claimants. Their statement of grievance is after
this wise: "We have invested much capital in land;
we employ many hands in tilling it. We claim
protection for our capital, and for their labor." And
if they are asked how and by whom they are in-
jured, and against what aggressors they require pro-
tection, they reply: "We are injured by the wheat-
growers on the continent of Europe and in the
United States of America. We demand protection
against them. If we have the English gram-market
to ourselves, we can obtain eight shillings a bushel
for our wheat; but if they are permitted freely to
compete with us, the price may fall to five shillings
a bushel. We ask Parliament to interpose and pro-
tect our home industry against this threatened
loss."
For nearly two centuries, the land-owners who
compose the British Parliament, listening to such
representations, have decided, that domestic industry
—and especially that most useful branch of it, agri-
culture—must be fostered and protected, by heavy
duties, against such impending injury. (Note 1.)
Thus the corn laws have remained, year after year;
and the British land-owner, favored by their influ-
ence, has pocketed two dollars a bushel for his
wheat.
It so happens, however, that wheat is consumed
as well as produced; that there are bread-eaters as
well as bread-raisers. The grain grown on one
landlord's estate becomes the food, perhaps, of five
hundred laborers' families. These laborers take
their scanty earnings, and go into market, whence
the protecting arm of Parliament has excluded Ger-
man and Prussian and American cheap wheat; and
there, one week's ordinary wages buys a bushel of
wheat. If there were free trade in corn, four days'
earnings would purchase the same quantity, and
two days' wages would remain in the laborer's
purse. But Parliament, the guardian of hoijne
industry, will not permit this. So the landlord gets
liis two dollars a bushel, and the five hundred labor-
ers pay it. This policy is called patriotic; and this
robbery goes by the name of protection.
In these United States, the class of claimants is
different, but the nature of the claim is the same.
Our farmers, though worse paid for their labor than
men in any other trade or profession, do not, like
the Biitish land-owners, ask for laws to raise the
price of corn or pork. Almost the only protection
for farm labor tliev have ever demanded from Con-
gress is a pre-emption law; by which, when a man
expends long years of toil in clearing and rendering
valuable a piece of land, he shall be protected from
the chance of a speculator seizing upon the fruits
of that labor, and appropriating it, without payment
for it, to himself. And, be it remembered! when
this measure of true protection—this law to prevent
the unjust appropriation by one man of the labor of
another—when this righteous pre-emption bill was
efove the National Legislature, he, the very father
of the American Proteeuve System, (I mean Henry
Clay,) from his place in the Senate, declared, that
the entire pre-emption system was a violation of all
law; that the pie-empters—squatters was the word
he used—were a lawless rabble; and that when a
man settled and improved a piece of government
land, he committed an act of robbery as criminal as
to break into the public treasury and steal from it
the dollars it contains. (./Vote 2.)
But, though the land-owners of the United States,
with an exception in the South, ask little, or no
governmental protection m market, there are other
classes of men among us, chiefly manufacturing
capitalists, many of whom adopt the principles, and
employ the very words, of the landed aristocracy
of Great Britain. The Ameiican manufacturer
feels himself to be, as he truly is, a highly useful
member of society. He likes good prices and fair
profits, as it is natural he should. VV hen these fail
him, as in hard times they fail all classes, he has
been tempted to cast about for relief to himself, as
he justly may: but at the expense of others, and
that he justly may not. He sees the favors granted
to privileged orders in other nations, and is led to
covet them. Like the English landlord, he com-
plains to his government, that he is an injured suf-
ferer; injured, by foreign competition; a sufferer, by
the cheap goods which the manufacturers of Eng-
land and France and Germany bi ing into the market,
that would otherwise be all his own. Like the
British wheat-raiser, he would like to have the bur-
den shifted to other shoulders than his; he demands,
that the Southern Planter and the Western Mer-
chant and his own hosne customers shall be road's
