§82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Preston King.
April, 1844.
H. of .Reps.
Among the first acts of the last Congress, with a
large and decided whig majority in both" the Senate
and the House of Representatives, was the passage
ef a law to authorize a funded debt of twelve mil-
lions of dollars; and they sent an agent to their
friends in England to negotiate the loan. .That such
a law was entirely unnecessary, except for the pur-
pose of extravagant appropriations-and expenditure
ty that Congress, is evident from the fact, that on
the fourth day of March, 1841, when that party
came into power, the entire amount of all the actual
debt and liabilities due, or to become'due, from
the United States government did not much, if at
all, exceed half that amount, and the debt that did
exist was chiefly in treasury notes, not having more
than one year to run, and designed to be paid and
extinguished by the current annual revenue. This
permanent funded debt of twelve millions of dollars
•was projected by Mr. Clay, was supported and vo-
ted for by him, and was fastened upon the country
by the last-whig Congress. That debt, under whig
management, and by the authority of whig laws,
had swelled, in one form and another, to more than
twenty-five millions of dollars before the first Mon-
day of December last, when this Congress assem-
bled. This sufficiently proves the debt-loving poli-
cy of the whig party, without charging to the ac-
count, as might justly be done, the great scheme of
assuming two hundred millions of State debts,
brought into and entertained by the last Congress,
in the voluminous report, of the Hon. Wm. Cost
Johnson, from a committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, which had that subject under considera-
tion. That monstrous scheme failed in its accom-
plishment, in the disruption and dispersion of that
whig majority by causes to which it is unnecessary
to allude.
That the whig party is in favor of a great cen-
tral bank, to be incorporated by the federal govern-
ment, is evident from the fact that a bill to incorpo-
rate a company by the name of a United States
bank, was passed by the whig majority
through both Houses of the last Congress;
was supported and voted for by Mr. Clay; and
when this bill failed to receive the approval of the
President, another bill to incorporate a company by
the name of the "fiscal corporation," with all the
essential and obnoxious attributes of a great monster
bank, was passed through both branches of the
last Congress, by the whig majorities—was sup-
ported and voted for by Mr. Clay, and only failed
Of obtaining the authority of law by the veto of
a President, who came into office by their votes, and
from whom they separated, denouncing him as a
traitor, because he refused to violate his pledges to
the public of hostility to the existence of a corpo-
ration so powerful for evil, so useless and dange-
rous as a national bank. These facts, from the
record, prove that the whig party—or perhaps 1
should say the leaders of the whig party—arc in favor
of a great central bank; as a political machine
through which the aristocracy established in power
beyond the record of the popular vote, may control
the destines of the republic, under the pretence of
making paper money, and regulating the currency.
But in addition to these facts, it is known that Mr.
Clay has long since openly and notoriously aban-
doned his once cherished opinions against a nation-
al bank—opinions entertained m his younger and
purer days, because of the danger from such an in-
stitution to the liberties of the country.
In 1824, he separated from the republican party in
his hot haste to reach, or in the hope to secure for
himself, at some future day, the presidential chair
He then gave his iniliience and his vote, in the ca-
pacity of a representative, to make the second
Adams President, against the preference of his own
State, (Kentucky,) expressed in favor of General
Jackson; and so ga\c his influence and vote under
circumstances that produced imputations upon the
conduct and motives of Mr. Clay, from which he
can never acquit himself in the eyes of the Ameri-
can people. After having made Mr. Adams Presi-
dent, he received from him the office of Secretary of
State—the stepping stone—the then supposed posi-
tion of safe precedent—to become the successor of
Mi-. Adams. Mr. Clay was, for years after this,
the feed attorney, and, for most of the twenty years
that he has been an unsuccessful candidate and dis-
appointed aspirant for the presidency, he was the
constant and persevering advocate, of Mr. Biddle's
bank, with all its corruptions. Among his last pub-
lic acts in the United States Senate, in the last Con-
gress, was the declaration of his adherence to such
a bank, and his determination yet to have, in the
language of himself or some of his friends in that
Congress, an old-fashioned United States bank, with,
i suppose, another Nicholas Biddle, if they could
find one, at the head of it.
Large and extravagant appropriations, so far as I
have known anything of the whig party, are always
and everywhere the practice of that party: whenever
they attain power they appropriate all they can
raise, by any means, of revenue, and all they can
borrow. In the State where I reside—New York—
the whig party obtained a popular majority in 1837;
and they went on borrowing and appropriating until
they -reduced the credit of the State twenty per cent,
below par, and were finally unable to borrow at §11, at
any rate of discount. In that State, the whigs were,
driven from power in 1841; and a generation must
pass away there before the memory of their blunders
and their extravagance and their public debt can be
obliterated. During the last whig Congress, (if my
memory is correct,) they authorized the issue of
United States bonds, or stock, that went begging,
and could not be sold at par. Under their debt-cre-
atmg policy, the credit of this government was so far
prostrated, that, for a time, it could not borrow
money. The whig party always borrows when it
can; but it never pays. It is a good party to prom-
ise, but it does not perform. In all the debt-creating
policy of the whig credit system; in all'their hatred
of an honest currency of gold and silver; and in all
their love of paper money, large bills arid small bills,
bills redeemable and bills irredeemable, post-notes
and corporation shinplasters, even when they have
talked and resolved most boisterously against repu-
diation, they have never made provision for the
liquidation or payment of debts except by the bank-
rupt law. The bankrupt law, supported and voted
for by Mr. Clay, and passed by the las Congress,
was the grand whig specific for the payment and
liquidation of debts, and for the restoration of con-
fidence and the credit system from the depression
and embarrassments caused by the disastrous failure
and insolvency of the United States Bank and other
banks and bankers. And a very easy new way it
was to pay old debts. A few affidavits, a brief
hearing before a judge, and this whig specific to pay
debts produced a discharge in bankruptcy that was
a receipt in full against all debts, dues, and demands;
and the happy holder was ready to run a new race,
and sing a new song to the beauties of the credit
system.
But I have been led away from the question be-
fore the House—the proposition to amend the tariff
law of 184:2, and the present motion to raise the
duty upon common or coarse wool. There are
three rates of duty before the House—one, 5 per
cent, ad valorem, as it stands in the law of 1812;
one, 15 per cent, ad valorem, as it is proposed by
the bill brought in by the Committee of Ways and
Means; and a third, 30 per cent, ad valorem, as it is
proposed by the motion of my colleague, [Mr. D.
t. Seymouk.] To decide which of these rates of
duty for this article should be approved, it will be
proper to consider the question in two consequences
that result from any law raising a revenue by a tar-
iff. One of these is the amount of money the duty
will bring into the Ueasury; the other is the effect
the duly"niay have upon the production and price
of the article—which effect upon the production and
price is the protection given to the domestic pro-
ducer, as against the foreign producer and competi-
tor, in our markets; for it is m our own markets on-
lv, and in sales to our own citizens, that prices are
affected by the protection that a tariff gives. And I
use the word "protection,'" because, independent of
the revenue to the treasury, "protection" is the
word used to designate the effect upon the price of
any given article upon which a duty is laid; and
the duty, whatever it may be, is necessarily and in-
evitably piotective, in proportion to the amount of
the duty that admits importations, whether that
amount is 1 per cent., 20 per cent., or 100 per cent.
The fnst question then, it seems to me, to be
solved is, what is the effect of the tariff upon the
price of the article—for the production or the abil-
ity to make and sell must depend upon the price.
Does the tariff increase the price, or does it dimm-
ish the price? This question, after all the experi-
ence of this and other countries upon this subject,
ought to be one of easy solution. But the learned
advocates of high and ' low duties differ as to its ef-
fect upon prices. The advocates of a high protect-
ive tariff tell us that such a tariff reduces the price
of the commodities protected, and that this is the
real benefit that results from the protective system.
Although this has not beenmy opinion, and I cannot
say that it is now, yet I must confess I felt the facts
presented the other day by the gentleman from the
Baltimore district in Maryland, entitled to the most
serious attention. That gentleman, who is said to
be himself an extensive manufacturer, advocated a
high protective tariff; and he tells us that its effect is
to reduce the prices of the protected articles. And
he gave us the proof, practical to himself, in the
clothing which he wore. He told us that the shirt
he wore cost him a shilling a yard; that formerly the
same goods would have- been worth from twenty-
five to thirty cents the yard; that the cloth of his
coat was four dollars a yard; and that his panta-
loons had cost him at the rate of one dollar and fif-
.ty oents a yard; that the hat which he wore cost
him five dollars; that it would have cost him eight
dollars but for the protective tariff of 1842; that the
boots he wore cost him three dollars; and the same
article, of the same quality, he would have had to
Eay six dollars for, but for that tariff. Now, if this
e so, (and I have no reason or disposition to ques-
tion the facts of the purchases and the prices in the
cases mentioned by the gentleman from Maryland,)
one thing is very clear. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland has been benefited by that tariff of 1842, to
the amount of six dollars in the purchase of the
single hat and pair of boots that lie now wears, and
has saved the sum of six dollars in his own pocket.
But, to examine the workings of his system fur-
ther, we must inquire, How does this reduc-
tion of price affect the hatter and shoemaker? Are
they benefited? The first thought would be, that
the hatter and shoemaker must be the losers, unless
the wages of thei^journeymen, and the price of the
flour, and beef, and pork, and butter, and cheese, and
the various articles required for their support, were
correspondingly reduced m price. But the gentle-
man from Maryland, who has studied this subject,
tells us that the hatter and the shoemaker do better,
and make more money, at these rcduced priccs, than
they would at the higher, because they now sell a
much gieater number of hats and boots than they
could before the tariff of 1843. "Well, sir, it is not
for me to deny the facts which that gentleman's ex-
perience enables him to state; but I cannot avoid in-
ferring certain consequences from such a state of
facts that, in my judgment, must follow. The in-
evitable consequence of such a state of things must
be greatly to depress, if it does not actually break
down, that large,most worthy, and most valuable class
of citizens, the great body of the mechanics of this
country, who are scattered in large numbers through-
out the cities and country towns, who have served
their apprenticeships, and learned their various
trades, but who do not possess the capital to set up
laige establishments, and do an extensive business.
The honest, hard-working mechanic, who does not
possess capital, must, by the facts and arguments of
the gentleman from Maryland, be driven from hiv
humble, but independent shop, because he cannot
stand the reduced prices, and the competition of his
immediate neighbor, or more distant and wealthy
competitor, who drives a laige and extensive busi-
ness. The merchant purchasing his supplies from
these large establishments, is already undermining
the village mechanic. Should we not ask ourselves
whether such a system docs not increase the advan-
tages of capital at the expense of labor? Does hon-
est industry possess, under this system, all the ad-
vantages that merit, under equal laws, will always
command at the hands of the public? Special legis-
lation does not increase the strength or ^kill of the
mechanic. If it diminishes the price of the pioduct
of his labor, how can it be said that he is benefited?
The law does not enable the shoemaker to make
more shoes, or the hatter to make more hats, in a
day or a week, than he could make without the law.
Improvements in tools, in machinery, or in the man-
ner of manufacturing, may do this; but a mere act of
Congress will not. Does the system, then, give
monopoly to capital? Does it diminish the ability
and the chance of the mechanic to rise, without he
has the aid of capital? Must a nmn forever remain a
journeyman, or must he take the name which they
apply alike to a man and to a machine, and forever
remain an operative m a factory, unless he has prop-
erty to commence life with? It is said very few men
in England rise above the condition of life in which
they are born. We have not yet come to that state
of things in this country; and surely it cannot be de-
sired that we ever should. A view of the subject in
this direction", as well as in other directions, is, I
think, well worth serious consideration.
But, sir, in my judgment, those who take extreme
grounds on cither side of the reasoning on this
