April, 1844.
appendix to the congressional globe.
385
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Bidlack.
H. of Reps.
sessions of Congress, and when passed, was made
to take effect at a distant day.
This was wisely and deliberately enacted, and
there is little reason to apprehend any legislation
counteracting the policy then adopted. But the
subject having agam come up for consideration, it
might appropriately be inquired upon what princi-
ples, and with what right, so important a production
of several of the States as railroad iron should be
excluded from that protection (whether it be inci-
dental or direct) -which is accorded to all other do-
mestic products, at the same time that those States
are acquiescing in and supporting a general system
of revenue and protection for the national industry
in all its branches. If the duty increases the price,
as is contended, (but which is often found not to be
the case,) why make the farmer pay it upon his
plough and his hoe, and exempt the incorporated
company? There is neither reason nor justice in any
such policy, and I most earnestly hope it will not be
adopted. In addition to the bill now under consid-
eration, providing for the reduction of duties to $10
per ton, there is a bill reported, I believe, in the Sen-
ate, to make it entirely free of duty; which, if*
adopted, will put out the fires of our furnaces, both
anthracite and charcoal, and extinguish our hopes of
prosperity.
REMARKS OF MR. BIDLACK,
OP PENNSYLVANIA.
In the House of Representatives, Jipril 30, 1840—In
opposition to the proposed change of the tariff.
Mr. BIDLACK commenced by referring to the
fact that he had voted for the tariff law of 1842,
for reasons which he then gave; and although in
the last canvass, he had refused tit pledge himself
against a modification, it was now his intention to
do so. He had reserved to himself the right to act
as he should deem advisable, when called upon to
vote after a full investigation of the practical op-
erations of the law. He felt satisfied m sustaining
it, in preference to the bill upon the table. Sir, (said
Mr. B.,) before proceeding to state the reasons
which induce me sustain the present law, permit
me to say a few words in defence of the legislature
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, whose res-
olutions have been sent here; and m defence of my
own constituents, who have made me the humble
instrument of presenting their memorials and pro-
ceedings, without distinction of party, in opposi-
tion to this bill proposing to alter the present tariff.
Now, sir, notwithstanding all the denunciations we
have heard in heated declamation against the meas-
ure they recommended, I boldly maintain before
this House and the country, that they have not
transcended their lawful rights.
It is their right to make known their wishes, and
it is my duty to endeavor to represent them with
fidelity. Sir, the democratic portion of the delega-
tion from Pennsylvania have found themselves, on
this occasion, as on some others, standing between
two fires, and have been treated with equal want of
magnanimity by both parties; while on the one
hand, our southern democratic friends are willing
to have our votes on the abolition question, and the
whigs on the tariff, both friend and foe seem
equSly unwilling to give us credit for either. There
is, however, one consolation, and it is that which
always arises from a conscientious and fearless
discharge of duty. Mr. B. here referred to, arid
commented upon, the remarks of Mr. Ramsey, of
Pennsylvania, and Mr. Kennedy, of Maryland, on
this point., contending that the views expressed by
Mr. Van Buren, in his letter, were quite as consistent
with the interests of Pennsylvania, as the remarks
of Mr. Clay, in his speech in the Senate.
I desire an opportunity (said Mr. B.) to speak
on matters and things in general, and politics in
particular, but will not be drawn into it now. This
subject should be acted on in the true spirit of en-
larged patriotism, not as mere president-making pol-
iticians, bat as statesmen; yet there are not wanting
those who desire to make it subservient alone to
party purposes. But the people have too much dis-
cernment, and too much acquaintance with the his-
tory of the matter, to permit either party to claim
to be the peculiar originators or advocates of either
system. The Union has never had a President,
and Pennsylvania has never had a Governor, who
has not recommended discriminating duties. With
few exceptions, our Presidents have been democrats,
and the same may be said of the governors of Penn-
sylvania. They have been elected by the democrat-
(25)
ic party, and, having recommended this policy, it
must be presumed to be a democratic measure; and
the Pennsylvania delegation in Congress claim no
merit for introducing it; and, for one, I disregard any
denunciations for supporting it, let them come from
what quarter they may. I acknowledge no right of
dictation, except in ray constituents. When I think
they ask what is reasonable, it will always be a
pleasure to me to faithfully represent their wishes;
and when I differ with them in opinion, they will
choose some one to represent them who does not. I
have referred, sir, to the recorded opinions of the
Presidents of the United States, but will not stop to
read them, or to advert to them further than to call
to your recollection that portion of one of General
Jackson's messages, in which he says "the general
rule to be applied in graduating the duties upon the
articles of foreign growth or manufacture, is that
which will place our own in fair competition with
those of other countries." Ay, sir, he does not
stop here. He continues: "And the induce-
ments to advance even a step beyond these points
are controlling in regard to those articles which are
of primary necessity in time of war."
These were the sentiments of General Jackson,
and I suppose he was almost as good a democrat as
any of those new converts to the faith who want to
read him and those who think with him out of the
democratic church.
Sir, the democratic doctrine is, the admission of
necessaries of life, such as we neither raise, mine,
or manufacture, free of duty; discriminating duties
upon such articles as come into injurious competi-
tion with our own productions; and any deficiency
of revenue made up by imports upon the luxuries
of life. In determining the amount of revenue, I
would go for raising only the current expenses of
an economical administration of government; we
must have an army, but I have gone for a reduction
of that; also a navy, to protect the commerce of the
anti-protection cotton-growers.
Now I wish you to take notice, Mr. Chairman,
that we make no complaint, because it is so expen-
sive protecting the commerce of the country, which,
so far as it regards exportation, is confined compar-
atively to the productions of the South; neither do
we condemn the western gentlemen for faithfully
urging the wishes of their constituents in favor of
the improvement of the western waters.
No, sir, no; far be that from me. My rule is,
that the representative who carries out most fully
the wishes of those who have delegated him, gives
the most conclusive evidence of the purity of his re-
publican principles. I make no imputations against
others, and refer to these matters only in self-defence,
in hopes that hereafter we shall have less fault found
with the people of our unassuming Commonwealth,
or her representatives. They do not pretend to
have so much magnanimity as to misrepresent, or
to be willing to sacrifice, her interests. Neither will
they ask to sacrifice the interests or rights of others.
Sir, we have one country and one destiny, and we
should look in sorrow, rather than in anger, upon
the peculiar notions of each other, and exercise a be-
coming spirit of forbearance. I am sorry some gen-
tlemen here in debate, and out of doors, have not
adopted the following sentiment of the committee.
In the sixth page of their report, they say, in speak-
ing of free trade and prohibitory duties—
It is by no means intended to be asserted that all the
citizens of either ol' these sections of the country entertain
opinion?., or take positions, as extreme as those hero stated.
On the contrary, it is believed that if any, in fact, do, a very
small minority in either section, whether as a matter of
principle or Ot expediency, w uuhl w ish to see the legisla-
tion of < ecs l.ike either of these ( xtreme. forms: and
this reference is made to the manner ot advocating these
supposed claims and rights sometimes resorted to, for the
purpose of drawing the palpable inference that any decree
of earnestness in pushing Mich extremes, even in debate,
cannot tie likely to hasten an approach to that mean upon
which alone wise and )ust let^hiuon can be ba^ed, w iien
interests realh conllietin^ are to tie aflee.ted.
It is not to he doubted that the opinions entertained m
every section of the conntr\ , as to the form and policy of a
propel taut! law, are hom>-tl\ belie\edtobe Mich at. the
true interests ol the section where they prevail naturally
dictate, nor that those inteic^ts are intended to tie faithfully
maintained and defendedby every lepresentaliv e of I he in
The committe who reported this bill have here set
ail example of candor and magnanimity to be com-
mended and adopted.
We would not ask the imposition of a duty upon
any articles beyond the revenue amount, if we did
not believe it would have a tendency to increase our
market, without, in the end and in the aggregate, en-
hancing the price to the consumer.
Duties may be so graded as to enable the domes-
tic producer to come into a fair competition with the
foreign manufacturer, and thereby; prevent the con-
sumer from being imposed on by either. But, sir, I
deny that the duties on the articles in which Penn-
sylvania is most interested have been fixed above
the revenue standard in the law of 1842. The gen-
tleman fi-om Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] has had the
candor to admit this with regard to iron, in a note to
his published speech. This increase of duties on
iron, he admits, has not lessened the revenue on its
importation; why, then, reduce the duty?
Sir, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Weller,] and
from Virginia, [Mr. Steerod,] have contended, es-
pecially the latter, in favor of returning to an aver-
age duty of 20 per cent., and this upon the articles
now paying duty; for, he says, he would as soon
think of taxing the light and air of heaven, as taxing
tea and coffee and other necessaries not raised in this
country. Therein I agree with him; but where, sir,
are we, with this rate of duty, upon the present list,
to get more than half revenue sufficient to bear the
current expenses of the government? It is out of the
question entirely; and yet, sir, those gentlemen are
strong advocates of the irimrovement of the western
waters, the continuance of the national road, and a
bridge across the Ohio! This seems to me a strange
inconsistency. I could not vote for their log-rolling
bill, but would, I think, vote a reasonable sum to
protect the lives and property of those engaged upon
the waters of the Mississippi, upon the same princi-
ple that I would build a light-house. The difference
between us is, they go all lengths in spending reve-
nue, and only half way in raising; and I am for
raising all that the absolute wants of an economical
administration of our affairs may require. They
place themselves very much in the condition of the
good-hearted gentleman who bequeathed in his
will large amounts to all his friends, but had
made no provision for the payment of any
of them, remarking that it was his will they should
have something, but it was their business to get it.
Let us inquire for a moment into the operations of
these 20 per cent, duties. What was our condition
in 1842, and under the operations of the compromise,
as compared with our present condition.
The credit of the government was prostrate, and
it has been redeemed. Its bills were protested.
Its treasury notes were below par. It sought a loan,
and could not obtain it, either here or in Europe, but
upon terms which were humiliating to-agreat nation.
All this has been changed. Its stock is above par.
The government has ample means to meet its cur-
rent expenditures.
The treasury was empty. It is now replenished,
has an increasing income probably adequate to its
wants, and the means, if need be, of adding to it.
The price of agricultural production has advanced;
business appears to be reviving; the countenances of
all classes of men look more cheerful. The tariff of
1842 is speaking for itself with more effective force
in its healthful operations than all the eloquence of
its most able advocates. Then why disturb its course?
But some will say this state of things follows the
tariff, but is not on account of it. Be that as it may,
why try another experiment?
The committee who have reported this bill admit
that—
The sudden and heavy reductions of duty on the 31st of
December, 1841, and the 30th of June, 1842, (being the last
under that act,) were well calculated to alarm the fears of
the manufacturing interests, if not to press severely upon
their business; and, in the face of an unsupplied treasury,
and a rapidly-increasing public debt, it was to have been ex-
pected that they would make a further eflort for renewed
protection.
They also admit that—
No complaint has? been more universal, or, as the commit'
toe believe, better founded in fact, than that which comps
from the manufacturers, the merchants, and all other classes
of business men interested in the matter, and relates to the
Irequent and extreme changes and fluctuations so constantly
exju rienced in the legislation of Congress upon ihe subject
of the tarifi
Yet, sir, we were told, yesterday and to-day, in
the course of debate, that gentlemen were going for
this bill, not for the purpose of settling something
like a permanent law, but merely as an entering
wedge to effect a further change! This I was most
reluctant to hear, and against it I most solemnly
protest. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Bel-
ser] declared he went for this bill, not because lie
was in favor of it, but merely for the purpose of
preparing the way for future action, and in order
hereafter to be able, to "untariff the tariffI" This
being the case,, what encouragement have we to
make any concessions, even if we were warranted
in doing it by our constituents, under the imprr-s-
