§7=2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
effect—of leaving ns at this moment perfecctly free
from any obligation that these proposals could imply.
We now went for our rights, and with less we would
not be satisfied; and that these rights extended to
54° 40' the senator from Massachusetts would not
deny.
lie thought there was abundant evidence to prove,
although he could not be certain of it, that the offer
of giving to England from 49° north latitude, was
renewed to Lord Ashburfon. He could not say so
positively, as unfortunately, the negotiations entered
into at th.e time, left no trace behind, more indelible
than those marked on the sand, to be washed away
for ever by the next tide water. What occurred on
the subject was no doubt known in England, but,
until such time as that power thought fit to pub-
lish Lord Ashburton's despatches, wc ni'ust remain in
ignorancc of the particulars. But not knowing what
did then actually transpire,—we did know that the
senator from Massachusetts, in reply to- the senator
from Missouri, "assured that senator, and the Sen-
nte, that any report of any portion of the territory
south of 49" being offered to Great Britain on that
occasion, was utterly unfounded." This declara-
tion—based, as it no doubt was, on the best author-
ity—he (Mr. B.) was, at the time, glad to hear; but
it was not absurd to suppose that, as the declaration
was carefully worded, so as to show that no offer
was made south, yet that an offer or negotiation
might have been contemplated at 49°, and north of
49°.
Mr. CHOATE was understood to say that lie
was ready to explain.
Mr. BUCHANAN. The honorable senator bad
stated that England had no more intention of colo-
nizing the territory than she had of colonizing the
dome of St. Paul's. On what argument did he base
this assertion? That, since the year 1826, he had
carefully read all her projects of colonization. She
had colonized in the East, West, North, unci South,
but manifested no disposition to colonize the Ore-
gon. It was strange if that honorable senator did
not perceive how easily this argument could be an-
swered. Great Britain could not openly express an in-
tention of colonizing the Oregon,without violating the
charter granted by her to the Hudson Bay company.
In the year 1821, she granted a charter to that com-
pany for ten years, and in May, 1838, she gave to
the same company a new license for twenty-one
years; and in the correspondence which took place
before the granting of this license, between the
officers of the company and the British government,
there were to be found some things as remarkable as
any that could be pointed out in the eventful history
of this negotiation. This license, and the matters so
discussed, were all new to him, nor could he give
them credit until he applied to the senator from
Massachusetts, from whom he learned their au-
thenticity.
The correspondence to which he alluded, took
place between Lord Glenelg, then secretary for the
colonies, and Mr. Simpson, agent for the Hudson
Bay company. The latter, in applying for, and
urging the necessity of grant ing to the company a new
charter or license, went on fo inform the government
what the company had done for them: they had driven
all the Americans from the coast; they had increased
commerce, and encouraged agriculture, by holding
out a bonus to their decayed servants and British
emigrants to settle on faims. They had established
twenty-two factories—six of them on the coast, and
sixteen in the interior; and those twenty-two facto-
ries he (Mr. B.) believed to be also stockaded forts.
They had six armed vessels carrying on their trade
with East Asia. Their attention was also turned to
agricultural exports on a large scale; and they had
e\ ery prospect of increasing their exports to a great
amount in wool, cotton, hides, and tobacco. In
speaking of the country between the north branch
of the Columbia and 49° north latitude, this Mr.
Simpson describes it to Lord Glenelg as a remark-
ably salubrious climate, with a rich and fertile soil,
ana having on the coast some of the best harbois in
the world; the possession of which, he suggests,
may become important hereafter, remarking that
there is not a good harbor to the south nearer than
37° north latitude; and winds up by impressing on
his lordship the important service done by the com-
pany in forming the nucleus of a colony, by settling
down their retired officers and decayed servants on
farms in the territory. This communication was
favorably received by Lord Glenelg; but, in
his reply, after acknowledging the services
of the company, he states distinctly that
jio new license can be granted, without
reserving to government the express privilege of
settling colonies in the country at any time hereafter
that might be thought proper. Thi3 conclusive
fact shows England's determination to stand by her
possession. Colonization is the indispensable law
of her existence. She must colonize to find a mar-
ket for her productions. The markets of all the
world are closed against her, and she enjoys no free
trade except what she has with the United States.
All the world seems at last to coincide with the
policy of Bonaparte in regard to English manufac-
tures. She cannot exist without colonization; and
to suppose, according to the senator from Massa-
chusetts, that she will give up this fine country
without a struggle, is to suppose an absolute im-
possibility. That honorable senator says, let mat-
ters remain as they are, and our title is not weak-
ened; .but once give notice, and then we call all her
tact and power into action. Does England admit
her right to amount to nothing* Far from it. Pre-
vious to the treaty of 1818, both Gallatin and Rush
expressed themselves agreeable to lay open the
northwest coast to both nations, for a period of ten
years, for the purposes oj trade. But although this was
the admitted understanding, unfortunately the ex-
pression was not to be found in the treaty. If it was,
there would be now no room left to cavil. What
advantage did Great Britain take of this mistake?
She falls back on Nootka Sound, and insists that the
whole northwest coast is open to her to plant colo-
nies in. Having no right, she still proceeds; while
if we propose to erect a fort at the mouth of the Co-
lumbia—though she has twenty in the territory—
we are met with a denunciation of giving offence. If
we propose to erect forts in the pass across the
Rocky mountains for the protection of our emigra-
ting fellow-citizens, we are giving offence. Propose
what we may, wc are told it would be violating the
treaty, without first giving twelve months' notice;
and now, when we propose to give that notice, we
are told we cannot do it, because it would be giving
oflence. We remain sleeping, while she continues
to act with energy and strength. Al! movement on
our part is impeded lest we violate the treaty, while
she goes on establishing a government, commission-
ing justices of the peace, forming a civil tribunal,
erecting mills, and carrying out improvements; thus
giving encouragement and security to her people;
and we remain with our hands tied, lest we should
be guilty of a breach of faith, looking at her in the
possession and enjoyment of our rights.
Great Britain falling back on the treaty of Noot*
ka Sound, which she admits gives to the United
States the same title, claims the right of colonizing
on the northwest coast—a right, which she main-
tains she has secured by occupancy, and which she
taunts us with having neglected. This right she de-
clares she will not abandon; and yet (said-Mr. B.)
we set here in cold debate, deliberating whether we
will give a notice provided for by a treaty between
both nations, or continue to let our fellow-citizens
flock to a country, where, without laws or protec-
tion, any collision with them must lead to what all
are anxious to avoid—war between the two coun-
tries.
In discussing the last point, Mr. B. said he would
make his remarks as brief as possible. The senator
from Massachusetts contends that if the notice pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois be given, war
becomes inevitable, and that it behooves us to make
immediate preparations by raising armies, providing
supplies, and munitions of war, calling into service
our western volunteers, and sending forthwith our
sharp-shooters across the Rocky mountains. He
even goes so fhr as to think it not improbable
that ten cannon are placed in readiness at
the Sandwich islands, to be brought into action as
soon as we offend Great Britain, by giving the
threatened notice. But, if war was inevitable, he
assured the honorable senator it would proceed from
a wholly different cause: it would proceed from suf-
fering thousands of our fellow-citizens to pass the
Rocky mountains without law or protection-, and to
enter a territory m the face of that hunting corpora-
tion, strong in possession, guarded by forts, and
ealous of oil intruders. War was to be dreaded not
from any action here, hut from an outbreak in Ore-
I gon. Two great nations, placed in the relative posi-
tions of England and America, could not go to
war on such a subject, except forced into it by
timidity on one side * or other. To prevent this,
send with those thousands of our adventurous fellow-
citizens, a civil government—a power to protect
them from injury, to prevent their doing wrong, and
maintain their rights- a power to keep them under 1
proper control, and to prevent outbreak, and then
tens of thousands may flock there without endanger-
ing the peaceable relations that now exist. Delay
doing so, and the first lawless crack of a rifle that
is heard over the Rocky mountains, will be a signal
of war that will'not be misunderstood, and cannot
be avoided.
For this reason, and for this reason alone, was he
(Mr. B.) anxious for the service of this notice on
Great Britain, and for the passage of the bill which
he hoped would follow it. He was anxious for
those measures, as on them he firmly believed
would depend a safe and honorable peace to both
nations. •
One of the senators from New Jersey thinks that
it will take one hundred years to populate the valley
of the Mississippi; but his notions of population
were of the old school. Providence has given to the
American people a great and important mission, and
that mission they were destined to fulfil—to spread
the. blessings of Christian liberty and laws from one
end to the other of this immense continent; which,
within fifty years from this, would hold between the
Atlantic and Pacific one hundred millions of free
and enlightened citizens, burning with ardent and
patriotic love of country, and enjoying all the bless-
ings of civil and religious liberty. He believed it to
be one of the great purposes of the Author of the
Universe to give to our people that spirit of emigra-
tion; by it was a knowledge of His divine laws ex-
tended; and to talk of confining it within limits was
like talking of limiting the stais in their course, or
bridling the foaming torrent of Niagara. The sena-
tor from New Jersey says Oregon will never be-
come a State of the Union. He (Mr. B.) could
not see into the future, to express an opinion whether
it would or would not, but he knew that whether it
ever became a State or not, the extending of our ter-
ritory would not diminish, but strengthen our pow-
er and add to our prosperity as a nation. Since we
commenced to extend our country, our internal com-
merce had increased, until now it amounted to ten
times more than all our commerce with foreign na-
tions. It created a mutual dependence, which added
to the general strength. The States 011 the Missis-
sippi were connected with, and rested on a naval pow-
er; the Southern States on their institutions—institu-
tions which he trusted no fanatical spirit would ever
have power to disturb—and the Eastern States on their
commerce. If Oregon became a State, he had no
fears for her; but whether she did or not, he knew, if
right was adhered to, she would be blessed with re-
publican law and liberty. Neither government, he
contended, was inclined to go to war, nor would
they on such a question. Great Britain would weigh
well her position before she would destroy our
friendly relations. She would consider her present
position in regard to Ireland, where one spark
would light the torch of civil war. She
would reflect on her inability to supply China if
deprived, for manufacturing purposes, of our great
staple produce. In peace, compelled to impose an
ineome tax to meet the expenses of her
government, she would not recklessly rush
nto all the costs of a war. She is too great,
ioo wise a nation to enter into a war for anything
tess than the defence of her national honor. It
would be impossible for England, in the nineteenth
century, and in the face of the world, to go to war
on a question of this kind, when our title stood forth,
as it does, undisputed. There was no danger, then,
of war, except by our pursuing a pusillanimous,
course, which will force England into a position
which she cannot abandon without affecting her
honor. To avoid such an evil, this was the propi-
tious moment. He admitted, and regretted, that
there were dangerous symptoms between the two
countries. For the last two years, the public press
of Great Britain was filled with abuse of America,
and everything connected with America.
Mr. CLAYTON was understood to say the abuse
referred to Pennsylvania repudiation.
Mr. BUCHANAN said the abuse was general;
and although, m some large cities, men might be
found who did not feel it; and though, in one large
city, a company could be assembled who received
the toast of the health of the President of the Uni-
ted States in silence, while they responded to the
health of Queen Victoria with loud and prolonged
acclamations,—yet the great mass of the people still
remembered the wrongs and injuries they suffered
at the hands of England. Though senators may
delight, and give free rein to their fancy, in de-
scribing the two countries as mother and daughter,
the mass of the people still consider England m the
