CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
cruel step-mother to her American off-
light of
spring.
There was no Muster in his nature; hut there was
only one calamity he dreaded—national dishonor.
He would make any sacrifice, except honor, to pre-
serve peace; and, if he did not think giving the pro-
posed notice would be the moist certain means to do
so, he would not be found so long occupying: the
time of the Senate.
considered the continuation
ot this discussion worse tiian useless, and Was anx-
ious to have the resolution laid on the table. Under
present circumstances, he considered the debate un-
suitable. For twenty-six years this subject had
been suppressed, and everything had gone on in
peace, without injury to either party. Neither
party was pressed by any emergency for the use or
occupancy ot the country—a stettl soil of little or no
value; but at a moment when both governments are
preps .red to put the question at rest, we are called on
to give notice, which, to say the least of it, could
only tend to embarrass negotiation. He did not in-
tend to investigate or decide on the abuses on either
side; he considered that a subject, in the first place,
belonging to the ministers on both sides; and as the
feenate was only a part of the treaty-making power,
ne. uidftot think it should prematurely interfere. It
//as said this interference would give no offence; but
who could tell that'1 The whole debate was filled
•with menace against Great Britain, and he depre-
cated the policy of creating an inimical feeling at the
■very threshold of negotiation. He thought it could
make no difference to delay this notice six months;
'that delay might do good—it jpould do no
•evil. He did not approve of the policy of those
"who called in question the framers of the
treaty of Ghent; he' thought we were mistaken
in arrogating to ourselves superior wisdom to those
who lived before us. The senator from Pennsyl-
vania, in referring to the treaty of Washington, made
a pathetic lament for the barren hills of Maine,
which by that treaty were given up; he described
them as leading to the heart of the country—rather a
tunny place, he thought, for an avenue to the heart of
t,ie country; but his lamentation was for the superi-
ority the possession of those hills gave to England.
On investigation, however, those hills were declared
to be of no military importance, and not of the
slightest consequence in the event of a national war.
He (Mr. Crittenden) formed a portion of the
two-thirds of the Senate who ratified that treaty,
and he, and those who voted with him, were satis-
fied with what they had done. He went on to argue
that the map alluded to, as in possession of Lord
Ashburton, was of no authority; and with regard to the
weight given to it by the fact of George the Third be-
ing devoted to geographical pursuits, he was inclined
to concur; supposing that the talents of a sovereign
tvho was puzzled to know how the apple got into
the dumpling must be of a superior order, especially
when applied to a science to which he is described as
being so much devoted. He rose rather to vindicate
himself and brothei senators who voted for the treaty
of Washington, from the attacks of the little
minority who voted against it, than to dis-
cuss this question. He went on to show
the inutility of any action for the present
by the Senate. Six months could make no
difference, and by that time the negotiation would
be either concluded, or have assumed such a shape
as to enable them to see what they were doing. No
minister of ours would neglect, if he saw an incli-
nation on the part of the minister from Great
Britain to give unnecessary delay, to say to him,
"If this question is not at once settled, the subject
can remain no longer open for negotiation." This
language would be used by the senator from Penn-
sylvania himself, had he the conducting of tiie ne-
gotiation, and would have all the effect, if not more,
than the proposed notice.
Mr. C. then alluded to the appointment of
Mr. Calhoun, than whom, he said, a fitter, or more
able man to conduct this negotiation, with strict re-
gard to the honor and interests of the country,.could
not be found. Before the rising of the body the ne-
gotiation might come to an issue; and then, whatever
steps were necessary could be taken.
Mr. BUCHANAN did not expect to say one
word more on the subject, but he could not but con-
gratulate himself on the extraordinary effect his
poor efforts had on the senator from Kentucky.
That gentleman could not wait till morning to give
expression to his sentiments, but must force him,
exhausted as he was after a long speech, into one
of tiiose struggles which had so often taken place
between them. What point he attempted to
answer, he (Mr. B.) knew not. If the ques-
tion was not one of Peter Pindar and apple
dumplings, he feared the gentleman would
make nothing by his motion. He denied that the
minority on tne Washington treaty had ever taunted
the majority; he, for one, wished to vote for that
tt-eaty, but its provisions would not allow him. He
gave to the senator from Kentucky the same credit
for purity of intention that he claimed for himself;
nor did he blame any senator for the course he took
on that occasion. The senator from Kentucky, in
alluding to the etl'ange way to the heart of the coun-
try, Should have recollected that the road to the
heart lies through the extremities. He had used 110
threats—not even, he believed, in the ardor of de-
bate did any threat escape him. He advocated the
claiming of our rights in a firm, but respectful man-
ner.
Mr. CRITTEN£)EN Said if he had not answer-
ed what the senator from Pennsylvania considered
his argument, it was because he viewed it not as an
argument, but a prophecy; and recollecting that
prophets were seldom honored, especially ill their
own country, he fell into the common error. He
then proceeded to view the question as altogetlifif
trifling—one that, by forcing on, might become mis-
chievous; but which, by lying quiescent, could pro-
duce no evil, and might do much good. He did not
approve of exhibiting too much war-spirit in nego-
tiations, lest we should display too much peacc:-*
spirit in our wars. He wished our war-spirit not to
be wasted, lest we should find it exhausted when
most required. As to the maps, he would retnind
his honorable friend there Were maps on both sides—
maps here which, if shown, Would have given to
Great Britain more than she obtained.
Mr. BUCHANAN had no doubt, when the day
of trial came, the honorable senator from Kentucky
would be found where he always was—in his place.
He need not have taken the trouble to disclaim a
knowledge of the prophets, as no one accused him
of such knowledge. The ancient prophets were
said to be ignorant of even their own predictions;
but such was not the case with the senator from
Kentucky, for he assumed that he knew the proph-
ecies of others, and did not believe them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, when the gentleman
poured out his prophecies, if he (Mr. C.) had not
answered, the reason was because he did not com-
prehend. lie was quite inadequate to the task
of putting into any form of logic or reason
the materials used by his honorable friend
from Pennsylvania. He had 110 doubt that
there was a great deal of logic, and a great deal of
sound sense, reason, and argument, in what he said,
but the difficulty was to find it out. As to himself,
he confessed his inability to do so. He was glad
that he had taken the honorable senator at no dis-
advantage; and he felt proud in being able to vindi-
cate him from the charge of being either old or fee-
ble; neither were his limbs stiff or cold, but he was
hale and vigorous, in the hey-day of life, and pos-
sessed of more than the usual quantum of good
spirits.
Mr. BUCHANAN felt obliged for the endow-
ments of youth conferred on him by the senator
from Kentucky, but was sorry that it was all
prophecy. The sere and yellow leaf was fast
coming over hint; but he hoped that he who had
bestowed youth on him, would long enjoy his own
green old age, and continue, as a father and a patri-
arch, to guide that body with his good advice.
Mr. CRITTENDEN felt proud of the paternal
character conferred upon him; and with its author-
ity, he had no doubt but that, in the course of time,
he would be able to make something of the donor;
but, not wishing for present rivalry, he woidd leave
to that gentleman the last word.
Mr. BUCHANAN. As it was the first example
of generosity shown by the patriarch of Kentuky,
he accepted it, and gave him the last word.
Mr. ARCHER next obtained the floor; and, on
his motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OE REPRESENTATIVES.
Tiesday, March 13, 1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read and
approved,
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the resolution in relation to Rhode Island
affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN rose, and asked the indulgence
of the House to make an explanation. He observed
a communication purporting to cmjae from the cot-
respondent of the Boston Courier. Who that corres-
pondent was, he had been unable to ajscet-tain;. and
as he could not therefore call upon the individual
who penned the falsehoods contained in' the article
he referred to, for a correction of those falsehoods,
he desired permission of the House to do himself
justice. Mr. H. read the passage which he com-
plained of, and which represented him as advoca-
ting a reduction of the allowantfe given to the pages'
of the House, and indulged in a good deal of sar-
casm in relation to that subjects
Mr. H. denied that he had said a single word
upon the subject of the pay allowed to the pages;
and why this anonymous correspondent had thought
fit to pour out upon him the vials of his wrath, he
could not conceive.
Mr. HUDSON asked leave to introduce a resolu-
tion granting the use of the hall of the House of
Representatives to the Congressional Temperance
Society; but objections being made to its recep-
tion,
Mr. HARDIN moved a suspension of the rules,
in order that it might be received.
The motion was not concurred in.
RHODE ISLAND.
The HouEifi th«i proceeded to the consideration of
the order of the dayj being the resolution empower
ing the select committee oil the memorial of twenty-
six members of the Rhode Island Legislature to
peml for persons and papers.
Mr. E. R, POTTER being entitled to the floor,
addressed the House during the continuance of the
morning hour, in opposition to the resolution.
Mr. P. spoke in so low a tone, that he was not
distinctly heard by the reporters.
Mr. A. KENNEDY next obtained the floor; but
the morning hour having expired, the subject went
over.
EXECUTIVE COMMUKtCATIOHS.
The SPEAKER laid before the Hottae the fol-
lowing communications:
I. A letter from the Postmaster General, commu'
nicating an answer to the resolution of the House of
the 26th of February last, in relation to the Nevr
York city post office.
II. A letter from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the House of
the 32d of January last, "the reasons and causes, so
far as the same may be known to the department,
of the frequent failures of the mail between the city
of Washington and New Orleans."
lit. A letter from the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, in answer to a resolution of the House
of the 7th instant, directing him to ascertain and re-
port the reasons why the documents of the 2d and
3d session of the 27th Congress have not been bound
and distributed according to law; and also whether
the printers of the last Congress have received com-
pensation for said documents: laid on the table.
Mr. McKAY hoped the House would now,con-
sent to go into Committee of the Whole on til®, state
of the Union, with the view of acting upon the Mili-
tary Academy bill.
Mr. .T. P. KENNEDY asked the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion, that he
(Mr. K.) might have an opportunity to report a bill.
Mr. HARPER rose to a privileged question. He
said there was a motion pending to reconsider the
vote by which the House had agreed to print the
report of the Commissioner of Patents, and he now-
called for action on that motion.
Mr. HARDIN moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider 011 the table; but he withdrew that motion, after
a conversation, in which Messrs. DROMGOOLE,
HOPKINS, HAMLIN, HALE, SEYMOUR, and
others, took part.
Mr. SEVERANCE said he hoped there would
be no objection to print 3,000 extra copies. He
thought it of far greater importance to the country
at large than almost any other.
Mr. HALE demanded the previous question, but
withdrew it for a moment, to allow Mr. Weixer an
opportunity to state the reasons which operated
with him in making the motion for reconsideration.
He considered the printing of an extra number of
these documents as an unnecessary expenditure of
money, inasmuch as a great proportion of its con-
tents consisted of precisely the same matter as was
contained in the report of the Commissioner of Pa-
tents, which was published just year.
Mr. W., at the conclusiyp ,of his remarks, re-
newed the demand for the previa us question, in com-
pliance with the desire of Mr' J j \le.
