April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Slidell.
H. of Reps.
How is the revenue necessary to meet this expendi-
ture to be raised? All admit, in argument—although,
in practice, some would follow a different system—
that the expenditure must be reduced to a level with
the revenue, or the revenue be brought up to the ex-
penditure. All repudiate the idea of creating a debt
in time of profound peace. All admit that the float-
ing debt, and that portion of the funded debt falling
due next year, must be paid off with as little delay
as possible, and provision made for the extinguish-
ment of that maturing at more remote periods.
However much a certain class of politicians may
admire a national debt, beneficial as they may es-
teem its operations upon the institutions of the coun-
try, I believe that the doctrine of a national debt being
a national blessing has no avowed and open advo-
cates here. Of all the modes of raising revenue, di-
rect taxation, in the shape of an uniform per centage
upon every species of property, real and personal, or
upon income, is, probably, the most equitable that
could be devised. It is the only means by which
the rich can be made to pay their fair quota for the
support of the government which protects them in
the enjoyment of their property. It is certainly the
system which would insure the most economical ad-
ministration; for all experience shows that a heavy
indirect taxation is more cheerfully submitted to
than a more moderate direct one. The same person
who cheerfully, because unconsciously, pays dol-
lars, in the shape of the enhanced price caused by
imposts on articles of daily necessary consumption,
would receive most ungraciously the visit of the na-
tional tax-gatherer for a much smaller sum; and in
proportion to the grudging reluctance with which he
paid the tax, would be the watchful scrutiny with
which he would criticise its expenditure.
But, superior as the system may be in theory,
there are many and fatal objections to it in practice.
It would increase ten-fold the already dangerous
and enormous patronage of the federal government;
it would, indeed, render its influence all-pervading
and irresistible. It would interfere with the peculiar
sourees of revenue of the States. It is opposed to
the opinions, feelings, and prejudices of the people;
and 1 am one of those who think that even their pre-
judices should be respected by a sage legislator.
There is, however, one conclusive answer to the
suggestion of direct taxation; if the alternative were
presented to the people, certainly there is no State,
probably not a district in the Union, where a major-
ity could be found in its favor. Whatever advance
may hereafter be made in public opinion on this
subject, direct taxation is, for the present, out of the
question. Our only resources, then, are the customs
and public lands. The public lands are, in a finan-
cial point of view, of the greatest importance as a
basis of public credit in times of emergency, but can-
not be expected for many years to afford any con-
siderable portion of our expenditure. Their annual
product will not, probably, ever bear any larger
proportion to our whole expenditure than it does at
present. The demand for these will only increase
in a ratio with our population, and our expenses
must necessarily preserve the same proportion.
They have never been the subject of speculation,
excepting under the stimulus of excessive issues of
bank paper; and the results of these speculations
have not been such as to make a speedy repetition
of them probable. Their sale will be confined to
the demands of the actual settler; and as this demand
is not fluctuating, but governed by fixed laws,
the amount of these sales, for a series of years,
can be calculated with some approach to certainty.
The estimate of the Secretary of the Treasuary of
the receipts from this source for the coming fiscal
year is $2,250,000; they will probably increase an-
nually from 3 to 4 per eent. They should be de-
voted exclusively to the payment of the public debt
until that important object be effected; if the inter-
est on this debt be provided for from other means,
they would be sufficient to entinguish it entirely in
the course of seven or eight years. The customs,
then, must be exclusively relied on to meet our cur-
rent expenditures. The problem to be solved, is,
in raising from this source a sufficient sum to cover
our expenditures, so to regulate duties as not to
impose unequal burdens upon any class, or operate
injuriously upon any section or great interest of the
country. All systems of indirect taxation must ne-
cessarily be unequal: the object of a wise and pa-
ternal legislation should be to make them as little so
as possible. If time would permit, and I were dis-
posed to compare the opinions of the leading states-
men of the day on the subject—Van Buren,Clay,
Calhoun, Benton, Buchanan, Wright, &c.—it
would perhaps excite some surprise to find how
little difference there is in their principles; the great
difficulty is in the practical application of them.
The opinions which I will advance accord with, and
can be sustained by appealing to, the recorded dicta
of all these distinguished men; and yet will proba-
bly find but little favor with the ultras of either
party. In the present state of the question, I am
neither for free trade nor for protection, other than
that which is incidental, and compatible with fail-
revenue principles.
Free trade is a Utopian idea; and those who
clamor most boldly for it would shrink from estab-
lishing it as the policy of the government.
Free trade closes all your custom houses, and
leads at once to direct taxation. Is there a mem-
ber of this House who will aver his readiness
to carry out to its legitimate consequences the dog-
ma of free trade? for, disguise it as you may—no so-
phistry can elude it—every system of revenue based
on customs is necessarily and inherently protective.
The only question is of degree. Where there is
protection there can be no free trade. But it is said, if
you will not give us free trade, let us have the near-
est approach to it—and that is a horizontal tariff;
and, in this discussion, I shall use this comprehen-
sive and well-understood expression to define a tar-
iff establishing an uniform au valorem rate of duty
on all imported merchandise. And why,—I would
ask the advocates of free trade, in this modified
sense of it—why, if any sufficient reasons of finance,
of political or commercial relations, of public policy
or public morals, indicate the propriety of discrimi-
nating in the rates of duties to be levied, should we
voluntarily deprive ourselves of the faculty of doing
so, for the purpose of adopting a standard of equali-
ty, which, after all, is perfectly illusory? Gentlemen
seem to think that there is something more correct,
abstractly, in this horizontal tariff—more natural, in
the dead level to which it reduces everything; but if
we were to pursue the analogies of nature, we should
find that the level plain was the exception, not the
rule; that, while the undulations of hill and dale are
more grateful to the eye and more conducive to the
health and general well-being of men, they are not
inconsistent with fertility and productiveness. But
we are not here, as a set of philosophers, indulg-
ing in the dreamy abstractions of the closet, and en-
deavoring to build up a system founded on "the unal-
terable rule of right, and eternal fitness of things;" but
as practical men, legislators—I wish I could say
statesmen—to mature and perfect ataiifT, to be based,
I hope, upon certain well-defined principles of general
policy, but adapted in its details to men and things;
not such as we might wish them to be, but such
as they are.
A horizontal tariff would be unfair, as well as un-
equal. In adjusting a tariff, it would seem proper
that a democratic Congress should endeavor so to
graduate it as to make the rich man support some-
thing like a fair proportion of the burdens of the
state; to levy, if it were possible so to do, the high-
est duties upon the luxuries of the rich—the lowest
upon the necessaries of the poor; to increase the
rate according to the quality of the article, or the
fineness of the. fabric; to encourage the staples of
those nations upon whose friendship we can best re-
ly, or whose commercial regulations most freely ad-
mit our productions; where duties embarrass trade
without benefiting the revenue, to remove them alto-
gether. All these objects are worthy of considera-
tion; but, unfortunately, some of them are incom-
patible with the laws of trade, the nature of our in-
stitutions, and the organization of our government.
With our extensive frontiers, maritime and inland;
the habits of our people, impatient of all restraints,
and instinctively opposed to all domiciliary visits
and inquisitorial powers,—high duties upon articles
of considerable value, as compared with their bulk,
cannot be collected. Here, then, you have two con-
flicting principles—high duties upon luxuries, and
inability to collect them. But, before entering into
the details of this question, the preliminary inquiry
presents itself, Supposing that the horizontal prin-
ciple be adopted, and that it could be enforced, what
rate of duty would be necessary to supply the re-
quired revenue?
Table C, attached to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, shows the aggregate amount of
foreign merchandise imported, after deducting re-ex-
portations m ten years, from 1833 to 1842, inclu-
sive, to have been - - - ^1,143,995,332
From this must be deducted impor-
tations of specie" 103,331,496
Leaving
- 1,040,063,836
Annual average of importations - 104,066,385
A uniform ad valorem duty on this
amount of twenty-three per cent,
would give gross revenue - - $24,455,520
The expenses of collection
for the same period were
(see table L) - - §14,460,598
Bounties on fishing vessels 2,676,848
17,137,456
Annual average of expenses, and boun-
ties - - - - - 1,713,744
Leaving a net revenne of
22,741,766
This would show an excess of but $274,000 over
the estimated amount of revenue necessary to be
derived from customs. When it is recollected that the
expenses of collection in 1842, of a net revenue of
$12,780,000, were $1,458,452,we may reasonably ex-
pect that this excess of $274,000 will be absorbed in
the increased expenses of collection. It is a startling
fact, shown by csmparing the net revenue and ex-
penses of the first and last years of this table L, and
which serves to illustrate the evils of a protective
system, and the hosts of officers whose, employment
it necessitates—that while the net revenue has de-
creased considerably, the expenses of collection
have been more than doubled.
The net revenue of 1821, was $15,155,418; ex-
penses of collection, $693,167, or 4.64 percent. The
net revenue of 1842, $12,780,783; expenses, $1,458,-
452, or 11.41 per cent.—exhibiting an increase of
expenses, as compared with revenue, ofnearly 146 per
cent. But to return to the average of per centage
necessary to produce an adequate revenue, (and
which I have shown to be 23 per cent., if all impor-
tations of merchandise were equally taxed,) a consid-
erable increase of per centage will be required by
the admission of two very important articles free
of duty. It seems to be admitted by common con-
sent, that, for the present at least, no duties are
to be levied on tea and coffee; the average annual
value of the importations of these articles during the
ten years which formed the basis of my calculation,
was $14,046,342; deducting this amount from the
general aggregate on which the. per rentage is to be
levied, raises it to 27.16. It maybe objected that
the basis of the estimate is not a fair one, because no
allowance has been made for the increase of popula-
tion since 1837—*38, the average term of this period
often years; but this increase of population is mqre
than counterbalanced by two facts—the excessive
importations of several years of inflation, and conse-
quent profusion; and the enhanced value of money,
or diminished price of all productions, which has
been steadily going on for several years. There can
be no deubt that one hundred millions of dollars
would now buy a larger supply of all our articles of
import, than could have been obtained for one hun-
dred and thirty millions in 1837. We find, then,
that on the system of a horizontal tariff, excepting
tea and coffee only from duty, 27.16 per cent, is the
lowest rate that would afford a sufficient revenue
from customs, even on the reduced scale of expend-
iture which I have contemplated. But there are
many articles upon which this rate of duty cannot
be collected; I refer to a very important class, such
as silks, laces, watches, jewelry, &c. I find by ta-
ble M of the Secretary's report, that the importations
of silk goods in the ten years from 1833 to 1842 in-
clusive amounted in value to $140,748,710, or an
average of about $14,075,000 per annum. During
the greater portion of this period, silks not from be-
yond the Cape of Good Hope were free; by the tariff
act of 1842, specific duties varying from $1 50-to
$2 50 per pound, were imposed upon silk goods;
and heavy duties on silk shoes, hats, &.o.
Now, by table D, page 82 of the report of
the Committee of Ways and Means, accompanying
the bill before us, it appears that, m the nine months
commencing 1st October, 1842, and ending 30th
June, 1843,°the whole amount of silk goods impos-
ed through the custom house was $3,035,445
Adding one-third to this amount - - J,uii,8Jj
Will give $4>047,2GO
for the entire year, or something less than 29 per cent,
of the average importations of the preceding yearsj
