CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cancies in the commissioned officers of the army
filled up from the army itself. How was the army
constituted now? An anomaly in free governments.
In civil life, the offices were thrown open to the in-
dustrious and the meritorious; from the office of a
petty justice of the peace to a judge of the supreme
court; from a governor of a State to President of the
United States, all the offices were open to every cit-
izen who had sufficient merit to fill them; but in the
army, the doors was closed to promotion; and there
was no chance whatever for a private soldier to rise,
no matter what liis patriotism and abilities might be.
Now, he was -for hating the. officers taken from the
ranks of the army, the effect of which would be, in
thc'first place, to put a stop to desertion and improve
the recruiting service; and in the second place, they
would have what they never had before, under the
old system—a republican army, in name and in deed,
filled up with worthy, enterprising, and patriotic
young men. Under such a system, it would be found
that some of the best young men in the country
would enter the ranks as private soldiers, with this
prospect of promotion before them. Again, abolish
this government monopoly, and it would be found
that tile military institutions of the States would fur-
nish a sufficient number of scientific and literary
young men, who would be applicants for the com-
missions in the army; and he believed that there were
such institutions in two or three of the States that
would be equal to West Point if they were not kept
down in consequence of the money bestowed by the
government on that institution.
He was not disposed (he said) to detain the
House oil this subject. He would not have said
anything in regard to it in advance of the report of
the Military Committee, but would have waited till
it came in, had it not been for the instructions of the'
legislature of his State. Being so instructed, he felt
bound to oppose this appropriation; and he would
tell the House that if he and those who thought
with him failed now, they would not despair. He
hoped to see the time when this evil would be cor-
rected. In the State he came from, the opinions he
expressed were not confined to one party. Hostil-
ity to this institution was felt by, the citizen soldiers
of all parties, who were unanimous in that feeling.
If the time had not yet arrived, he trusted that the
day was not far distant when the people would put
the seal of condemnation upon an institution so
much at war with our republican system of govern-
ment. , I
Mr. HUNGgRFORD observed that he only de- i
signed to occupy the attention of the committee for
a few moments; and as he had oftered some amend-
ments a few days ago, which lie now intended to
renew, his sole object was to bring them to the no-
tice of the committee. If the effect should be to
abolish the academy altogether, he should be better
satisfied. He had referred to the Army Register
lor the expenses of this establishment; ana he would
take the occasion to observe that the way in which
that document was made up would be discreditable
to a schoolboy.
He quoted some tabular statements, showing the
amounts paid to the various officers employed at
West Point, and other items of expenditure, and
added that, instead of the amount stated a few days
since as the sum which each graduate cost the coun-
try, it amounted to $5,000.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL proceeded to correct
some errors into which gentlemen had fallen who
had participated in this debate, and he did so, m
many respects, on the authority of a report made by
Col. Totten. The horses used at the Military Acad-
emy (he said) belonged to the cavalry of the country
and occasioned no additional expense, though used
for the puposes of the institution. He defended the
academy generally, and said there never was an in-
stitution w hich had gone through such an ordeal as
that to which this academy had been exposed, that
had come out of it better m any respect. I he New
Hampshire resolutions in relation to this institution
(he said) were founded in error. He noticed the
changes in the law winch required the service of
ei-ht years in the army, from cadets and pointed out
the gallant service which cadets had rendered in the
Florida war, where many were severely wounded,
and those that fell, fell Roman ike, with then-
wounds in front and their faces to the toe. He after-
wards corrected some errors of statements respecting
the supernumerary second lieutenants, who now
amounted but to seventy-
A conversation here ensued between seveial gen-
tlemen on this point. Mr. FISH, however, sustained
the statement of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
on the authority of the Army Register with which
they had been just supplied.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL proceeded; and, in re-
lation to the charge that no person could enter the
army as an officer but through the Military Acade-
my, he called upon the chairman of the Military
Committee, who had investigated that subject, to
say what was the truth on that subject.
Mr. HARALSON read a list of the officers of
various grades, by which it appeared that 108 ot-
ficers were now in the service who had not been to
West Point.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL then proceeded to no-
tice some remarks made a few day3 since by Mr. J.
Brinkeriioff.
Mr. J. BRINICERHOFF explained.
Mr. J. R. INGKRSOI.L contended that there was
an absolute necessity for providing a class of well-
disciplined and well-instructed persons, upon whom
would necessarily devolve the duty of commanding
the militia forces, in case of war. Those educated
at the Military Academy were well qualified for
this duty, as, from the course of instruction they re-
ceived, they were made acquainted with every vari-
ety of sen ice, from the duty of a common soldier
to that of a commanding officer of the army.
After the conclusion of Mr. Incerkill's re-
marks, the committee rose, and reported that they
had, as vet, come to no resolution.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the.reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. DODGE, of Icwa: The memorial of the
Council and House of Representatives of the Ter-
ritory of Iowa, lepresentiiig that, at the present ses-
sion of the legislature of that Territory, all act was
passed incorporating the Mount Pleasant Collegiate
Institute, at the town of Mount Pleasant, m Henry
county, and praying Congress to giant to said in-
stitution such donation in government land, situate
in Iowa, as, in its wisdom and liberality, Congress
should think proper, not to exceed one township:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. An-
other from the same body, representing that, at the
last session of the legislature, an act was passed in-
corporating the Iowa City College, at Iowa city,
the capital of the Terntory, and playing Congress
to grant a township of land for the endowment of
said institution: referred to the Committee on Puolic
Lands.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: A petition from St.
Charles and vicinity, signed by over six hundred
persons, for a mail route, via Babcock's Grove, St.
Charles, Sycamore, Coltonvilie, Jefferson Grove,
and Grand de Tour, from Chicago to Albany, on
the Mississippi river: refened to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. A petition from
Albany and vicinity for the same, signed by over
two hundred: referred as above. A petition from
eighty persons ill Deerficld for the same: referred as
above. A petition from Grand de 1 our for the
same, from one hundred persons: referred as above.
A petition from Osage for the same, from sixty
persons: referred as above. A petition from Clvas.
Gardner and sixty others, praying for such a change
of route No. 4,219 as will take the mail directly
from Mt. Langurn, via Middleport, to Milford, m
Iroquois county: referred as above. The petition of
widow William Billsland, of Will county, for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. The petition of Wilham Bennett, ^ of St.
Charles, for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. HUGHES: The memorial of citizens of
Herman, Missouri, in favor of the improvement of
the Missouri and upper Mississippi rivers, and of
the protection of St. Louis harbor.
By Mr. A. KENNEDY: Two several petition-*
of G. W. McConneSl, Clark Poweis, ami oth-is,
citizens of Indiana and Ohio, praying the establish-
ment of a post route from Maumee city to "While
Pio-eon: refeired to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
By Mr. DAVIS of Indiana: Ihe memorial of
William Fry and lfcio others, citizens of Knox, Da-
viesf,and Green counties, Indnina, askmya 2iant of
lands to complete the national thoroii.;lit'are < onnret-
ing the lakes and the Ohio rner by the improvement
of the Wabash. Also, the roemonal oi Aw. try
Snapp ftnd 2(57 others, citizens of bullnan county,
Indiana, upon the same subject.
By Mr. SENTER: The petition of Mrs. Martha
Cannon, claiming compensation for property lost
during the last war: referred to the Committee oh
CiBy Mr. DUNLAP: A petition of Samnei Lar-
l-abee, of Cumberland county, Maine, for a pension,
in consideration of services rendered as a soldier
in the war of the revolution; referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.' •
By Mr. BRODHEAD: A petition signed by sun-
dry citizens of Wayne county, Pennsylvania, prav-
mg for the reform of the post office laws and the
abolition of the franking privilege: reierred to - the
Committee on the Post Office and Po&t Roads.
By Mr. SMITH of Illinois: The memorial of sun-
dry citizens of Samt Clair county, Illinois, pray ing
Congress to make liberal appropriations for the im-
provement of the Mississippi river and its tributa-
ries, and the harbor of St. Louis; referred to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, to which was referred a bill making appro-
priations for this objects.
By Mr. SIMON'S: The memorial of Mrs. Eveli-
na Porter, widow of the late Commodore Porter, for
an outfit not paid him as minister abroad: referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. Also, the
memorial of Sehuyler Seeley and 200 others, citizens
of Bridgeport, Connecticut, for reduction of postage
and for the abolition of the franking privilege: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. . .
By Mr. "DANA: The petition of 130 citizens of
Tompkins county, New York, praying aid to the
Colony of Liberia. The petition of 50 citizens of
Scneca county, New York, for the same.^ The pe-
tition of 46 citizens of Chemung comity, New York,
for the same: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Also, the petition of 75 citizens of Castile
and Perry, in Wyoming county, New York, pray-
ing- for a reduction of postage: referred to the Com-
mittcc on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. CALDWELL: The petition of Randolph
Lawson, of Cumberland county, Kentucky,-pray-
ing for a pension for services m the revolutionary
war: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions. . . ,
By Mr. DUNLAP: The petition of Samuel 1.
Winslow, for a pension as an invalid soldier: refer-
red to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
House of Representatives,
March 12, 1844.
Mr. Editor: 1 see from the reported proceedings
of the House on yesterday, in your paper, that Gen.
Saundeis is made to say that "the Committee on the
Judiciary v:crc ready to report the bill back to the House
in relation to the courts in the district of Ohio, but were
prevented Jivm doing so by the gentleman who offered the
resolution, who asked them not to make a report on it
till his, colkugvtfiom the Cincinnati district [Mr. Dun
ran] had been heard before the committee." Now, sir,
I made no such statement to, or request of said com-
mittee, or any member of it. What I said to the
committee was, that nearly all the Ohio delegation
were in favor of the passage of the bill, and desirous of an
immediate report from the committee; adding that,
should my colleague from the Hamilton district [yf.
Duncan! appear before the committee in opposition
to the bill, I would take it very kindly oa the part
of the committee to notify me of the time of such
meeting, that I might appear upon the opposite, side,
and in support of the bill.
I have submitted the above statement to Uen.
Saunders, who authorizes me to state that the same
is substantially correct; and that the remaiks attnb-
uted to him by the reporter of the Globe are mcor-
j will further add, that I appeared before the com-
mittee Oil Friday last at the very polite invitation
of my colleague, [Mr. Vinton,"| who .informed
me that our colleague fiom the Hamilton district
r Dr Duncan] was to be present at his own request in
Opposition to the bill. But as he did not appear, I
immediately left the committee room. 1 never
asked the committee to delay their report to give
my friend from Cincinnati an opportunity to be
heard before the committee; but, on the contrary, I
have repeatedly applied to different members of the
said committee to* report at their earliest conveni-
ence. 1 have never said or done any thing to
retard or delay the action of the committee, but
always the reverse.
Knowing the great interact felt on this subject oy
my immediate constituents, and the people of Ohio
generally, I have deemed, the foregoing correctione
