376
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and statements not only due in justice to myself,
but to them also.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
HEMAN A. MOORE.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 13, 1844.
Mr. WHITE presented a petition from citizens
residing on7 the Upper Wabash country, Indiana,
praying Congress to make a grant of land for the
completion of the Wabash and Erie canal to the
Ohio river: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a petition from a
respectable number of citizens of Covington, Ken-
tucky, praying Congress to make an appropriation
for the improvement of the Maumee Bay and river:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
^ On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the memorial of
citizens of St. Louis on the subject of improving the
navigation of the western rivers and the harbor of
that city, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial of James
Donojioo, and other citizens of Westmoreland coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, for a pension to him for services
during the late war: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented three memorials
from different portions of Pennsylvania, setting forth
the extraordinary results of the tariff of 1842, and
its effects in reviving the business and trade of the
country; and asking that no change may be made
in that law until experience had demonstrated, from
ascertained facts, that a change of its policy was
necessary: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial from the select and common
council of Philadelphia, in regard to the ruinous
condition of the piers at Port Penn, in the river
Delaware, similar to others which had been pre-
sented and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On the motion of Mr. B., this was also referred to
that committee; and he expressed a hope that the
chairman, his friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Hun-
tington,] would attend to the prayer of the peti-
tioners.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from George
A. Summers, and other journeymen cordwainers of
the District of Columbia, setting forth the bad ef-
fects of the act of Congress permitting the labor of
the convicts in the penitentiary in this District to be
let out by contract, representing that it was highly
injurious to their business, and praying for the re-
peal of the law: referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memoiial from a
number of citizens of Erie county, Pennsylvania,
praying for an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor of Erie.
Mr. B. s;ud lie had, on more than one occasion,
expressed his opinion of the importance of the im-
provement proposed, and he hoped his honorable
fnend from Connecticut, [Mr. Huntinuton,] chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, (to which
committee he proposed to icfcr the memorial) would
give his attention to the subject: refened accord-
ingly.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memoiial from
James J. Brownsoti, and numeious citi/.eus of
western Pennsylvania, representing that, bavin;;
with deep anxiety and painful emotions observed
the distraction and alienation winch is so alarm-
mgly prevalent throughout the greater part of our
beloved country, especially among the representa-
tives of the people, who are so exceedingly broken
m judgment, and the allaiis of the nation cannot, be
conducted so as to sustain its dignity and promote
its best interests; and being fully convinced that the
neglect to recognise the law of God as the only basis
of all human legislation, is the fontal source of these
evils; the legitimate, yet bitter fruits glowing out of
this radical defect in the instrument which lies at
the foundation of this republic, and is regarded as
"the supreme law of the land;" and that God in his
providence is causing these "times to pass o\er us,
to let this nation know that the Most High ruleth
in the kingdoms of men;" (Dan. iv. 25, 26,) and
"that all people, nations, and languages, .should
serve him." (Dan. vn. 14.)
We therefore pray you, as their representative,
to recommend to the people of these United States
.in alteration in the constitution, embracing the fol-
lowing amendments:
I. A clear and explicit acknowledgment of the
Sovereign of the Universe, as the God of this na-
tion.
2. An entire and avowed submission to the Lord
Jesus Christ, His anointed, (Psalms ii. 1,) who is
prince of the kings of the earth, (Rev. i. 5,) the
head of all principality and power, (Col. ii. 10,) as
the Ruler of this nation.
3. An unreserved reception of His revealed will,
contained in the Scriptures of the Old andNew Tes-
tament, as the law paramount, by which all the
officers of this republic shall be regulated; all con-
flicting State laws being regarded as perfectly null
and void, (Psalm ii. 10—12. f "Be wise now, there-
fore, 0 ye kings!" Also, (Psalm xix. 7—11,) "the
law of the Lord is perfect," &c.
We also most earnestly and solemnly entreat you,
as you regard your own, and the best interests of
the nation, that you rescind, at once and forever^ all
enactments whereby a violation of God's law is
authorized, whether by running the mail-stage on
His Sabbath, or otherwise; for "righteousness exalt-
eth-a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people."
(Prov. xiv. 34.) See also Psalm xhv. 20, where the
Divine displeasure is expressed; and Psalm ix. 17,
where nations that forget God are devoted to destruc-
tion. Also, Jer.v. 9, where God has denounced his
dread vengeance upon all the nations that do not
serve and obey him; and in Rev, xix. 11—21, the
vengeance is represented as being executed, the bat-
tle decisive, the overthrow entire and complete.
With these, and many other portions of infallible
truth before us; and also a knowledge of the many
and grievous sins with which this nation is charge-
able in the sight of God—it is our deliberate judg-
ment that nothing but national repentance, and a thor-
ough reformation in both constitution and adminis-
tration, will save this republic from threatened
and impending ruin. By the alienation, distraction,
pecuniary embarrassments, and other abounding
calamities, God in his providence is saying, in the
language of the prophet Isaiah, "Come now and let
us reason together. If ye be willing, and obedient,
ye shall eat the good of the land; but if ye refuse,
and rebel, ye shall be devoured with the sword, for
the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it." Chapter
v. 18—20.
Mr. B. said the memorial was signed by a num-
ber of respectable citizens of Pennsylvania, some
of whom he was personally acquainted with; but as
there was no committee to which it could be appro-
priately referred, he moved that it be received and
laid on the table. Agreed to.
Mr. BAGBY believed that the course with such
petitions was not to lay the petition on the table; but
to lay the motion of reception on the table. All of
that description' had been so disposed of. He
thought it would be well to adhere to the rule in all
cases of the kind.
Mr. BUCHANAJN said the memorial was simi-
lar to others which had been received and hud on
the table, lie had examined it with care, and
there was nothing, in his opinion, in it, which would
involve it in the rule which lequired that the mo-
tion for the reception of ccrtain kinds of petitions
should lie hud on the table; and there was nothing in
it, lie was confident, to which his friend from Ala-
bama could or would take exception.
Mr. BAGBY was understood to say the petition
was the offspring of the same fanaticism which the
rule was intended to reach.
Mr. BUCHANAN said the senator from Alaba-
ma would permit liini to say that he was under a
mistake. Theie was a most respectable sect, which
he believed were called Covenanters, who have not
voted, or participated in the political affairs of the
country, because it was not acknowledged in the
constitution, that the God of nature was the God of
this people. He believed that the object of the
meniorahsts (at least he was informed so) was to
have the recognition of that principle in the consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. BAGBY made some remark not heard in the
reporter's gallei y. The subjcct was then dropped.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a memorial from
Cass and Pulaski counties, Indiana, for a mail route
from Logansport to Daniel Wyands, to Winimac,
Indiana; and one from Charles S. Tibbats and
others, citizens of the counties of Tippacanoe,
Stark, and Lnporte, for a mail route from Lafayette,
by Monticello, Winimac, Nortbbend, to Lafayette,
in Indiana; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memoral from
Clifton R. Thomas, and other respectable gentlemen,
most of them belonging to the profession of the
law, praying that Congress will take some steps to
publish, in a condensed form, the decisions of the
Supreme Court: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Also, the petition of James D. Cobb, praying to be,
restored to his rank in the army of the United States,
of which he was illegally deprived; which, with cer-
tain accompanying documents, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported back-, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill au-
thorizing the opening of a canal around the falls of
St. Mary, at the outlet of Lake Superior.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, without amendment, the joint
resolution providing for the return of additional
items in the commercial statistics. The resolution
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, made an adverse report on the memorial
of David Myerle, praying compensation for servi-
ces and sacrifices in promoting the growth of water-
rotted hemp; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the far-
ther consideration of the memorial of the inhabitants
of the Isle of Shoals, in the State of New Hamp-
shire, praying for the extension of fishing bounties
to open boats.
Also, sundry petitions of citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, praying that the law which authorizes the ta-
king out of coasting licenses be so amended as to
exempt canal boats engaged in the transportation of
coal from its provisions. He moved that the letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury accompanying,
which superseded the necessity of a report from
the committee, be printed: agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, leave wats
granted to withdraw from the files the petition of G.
T. Byer, praying compensation for goods deposited
on the custom-house at Georgetown, South Caroli-
na, which were taken by the British during the war.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back with an amendment the bill from the
House, making appropriation for the payment of
revolutionary and other pensioners, for the fiscal
year, ending the 30th June, 1845. The bill and
amendments were ordered to be printed.
Also, reported from the same committee, a bill
for the relief of Benjamin Adams and company;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Committee on
Finance was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the memorial of citizens of Charleston, South
Carolina, praying for an appropriation for the pre-
servation and repair of the custom-house there; and
it was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, on his motion, the Committee on Finance
was discharged from several memorials, praying for
a drawback on expoits of domestic distilled spirits
from foreign molasses; and they were ordered to lie
on the table.
Also reported back, with ail amendment, the bill
to amend the act establishing branch mints.
Mr. EVANS said the bill was one providing that
the oath or affirmation of the officers of the branch
mints may be taken before any judge of a supeiior
court, or court of record, in the State where such
mint may be located. The amendment was a sub-
stitute for the bill, but not changing its object. It
was necessary that it should be passed immediately;
and on his motion, the previous orders of the day
were postponed, and the bill was taken up as in
committee of the whole. The amendment of the
committee was adopted, and the bill was reported to
the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which were referred the petitions of
Stephen Steele and James Daniel, of the State of
Alabama, reported a bill to relinquish the reversion-
ary lnteiest of the United States to certain Indian
reservations m the State of Alabama; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr. JOHNSON, on leave, introduced a bill to re-
cognise the sale of public lands in the State of Ala-
bama m certain cases; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Public. Lands.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition of
Robert Ramsay, formerly a seaman in the naval ser-
vice of the United States, for an increase of pension}
