April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 The Tariff—Mr. Slidell.
391
H. of Reps.
credit the report, alone induced the philanthropists of
Waltham to employ a yardstick of thirty-seven
inches, and to give a firmness and a substance to
their fabrics which had before been unknown and
undreamed of by the innocent consumers of light
baftas and thin gurrahs. It has veen a vulgar notion
all over the world, time out of mind, that the true se-
cret of trade was to purchase at the least cost, and
sell at the highest price; but this, it seems, is not the
principle by which the Waltham company has been
enabled to make enormous dividends. Who, after
this, will venture to assert that corporations have no
souls? I fear that I shall never live to see the day
when the planters of Louisiana will become suffi-
ciently patriotic to give thirteen ounces to the pound,
and sell double-refined white sugars as cheap as
dirty Muscovadoes,
But if the protective system, carried even to the
extent of reducing revenue upon any particular arti-
cle, with a view to the original establishment or pros-
pective development of any species of industry, be
founded upon sound principles of national policy,
then may the planters of Louisiana appeal with un-
qualified confidence to the friends of protection to
sustain them in the amendment which I shall pro-
pose.
It will not, I presume, be contended that a dis-
tinction to their prejudice can be drawn from the
fact that the duties heretofore existing have not been
imposed with a view to protection; that the culture
has gradually grown up under duties established
solely for revenue. It may not be superfluous, in
connexion with this view of the case, to sketch a
brief history of its progress in Louisiana. There
are now living some who witnessed the first intro-
duction of a few plants from Cuba or St. Domingo,
as an object of curiosity and experiment. The cul-
ture of the cane for the making of sugar did not com-
mence until 1792. The first rude attempts were
necessarily on a restricted scale, and for several
years the production was barely sufficient to sup-
ply the wants of the feeble population of the colony,
then probably not exceeding 30,000 souls. The
cession of Louisiana to the United States in 1803,
by the introduction of free institutions, and the
rapid influx of an active and enterprising population,
of course greatly stimulated every blanch of indus-
try in the newly acquired territory. But the culture
of the cane, especially, felt the genial influence of
the great market that was freely opened for it. A
servile war had recently devastated the rich and
flourishing colony of St. Domingo, which had fur-
nished an annual supply of one hundred and sixty
millions of pounds to the market of the world. Some
of the inhabitants had escaped from its horrors and
sought an asylum in Louisiana, poor indeed in purse,
but rich in the treasures of skill and experience.
Cuba had not yet developed those immense re-
souices which have since enabled her so greatly to
surpass the product of St. Domingo in her palmiest
days, and to pour into all the channels of consump-
tion the enormous supply of three hundred and fifty
millions of pounds. These favorable circumstances,
and the duty of 2| cents which had been imposed
in 1800, when not a pound of sugar was made from
the cane within the limits of the United States,
caused a gradual increase of cultivation until the
peace of 1815, when the duty which had been
doubled during the wai, was fixed at three cents, at
which rate it remained until 1832, when it was
reduced to two and a half cents. Under the foster-
ing influence of this duty, originally imposed for
revenue alone, the culture steadily increased, until
it reached an annual product of ninety to one hun-
dred millions of pounds, requiring a capital which
was then estimated at fifty millions of dollars, and
giving direct employment o fifty thousand laborers.
By the operation of the compromise act, it under-
went a gradual reduction until 1841, when it reach-
ed the minimum point established by that much
vaunted law—a law of which the honors of undi-
vided paternity are so strenuously claimed for a prom-
inent presidential candidate. That duty was 1.074
per cent, perpound. The tariff of 1842 again fixed it
at two and a half cents. At a duty of three cents
the culture gradually increased. At two and a half
cents it was stationary. At a less rate it would
doubtless have retrograded; but taking into view
the appreciated value of money arising from the res-
toration of a sound currency, it probably would
maintain itself at two cents, without material varia-
tion. I fix, then, two and a half cents as the rate at
which sugar might be cultivated so as to yield a fair
remuneration for the capital employed, and thus en-
able it to keep pace with the onward progress of
other agricultural products. At two cents the pre-
sent establishments would probably be kept up; but
no new ones would be formed below this rate. It
must gradually decrease, and perhaps ultimately be
abandoned.
I have already stated that, in adjusting a tariff, it
was proper to discriminate in favor of the produc-
tions of nations, who most freely admitted our sta-
ples. Now, even tested by this rule, a high duty
on sugar is open to no objection; but is, on the con-
trary, recommended by sound policy. It is certain
that, if we reduce the duty upon it, we must im-
pose an equivalent amount on tea and coffee.
The countries that produce tea and coffee are
all producers of sug^ar. Those from which
we derive our chief supplies are China, Brazil, and
the Spanish colonies of Cuba, Porto Rico, and Ma-
nilla. From China and Brazil we import no sugar;
but even if we did, as we receive the tea of the one and
the coffee of the other free, they cannot complain of
a high duty, nor can our trade with them be affected
by it: it matters not to them whether we collect a
certain amount of duty on sugar alone, or on sugar,
tea and coffee together. It is questionable whether,
if there were no duty on sugar, we should receive a
pound either from Brazil or China; because the same
causes which now give advantage to the shipper
from the Spanish colonies would exist if the article
were free. If the culture of sugar in Louisiana
were abandoned, we should receive the increased
supply which we would require almost exclusively
from the Spanish colonies. Is there anything in
our commercial relations with them that should in-
duce us to treat them with particular favor.' In 1840,
our exports to the Spanish West Indies were $6,108,-
891; our imports, $11,744,209. Of these imports,
$3,712,018, chiefly coffee, paid no duty. Now,
what duties are paid on our produce in Cuba? I
cite a few of the chief articles; the others are in the
same proportion: Flour, $10 per barrel; pork, $5;
beef $3 15; lard, 4 1-5 cents per lb.—varying from
50 to 200 per cent, ad valorem. Is it to encourage
such a trade as this that a capital, invested under the
well-founded belief of the continuance of a duly,
which, with the exception of the last period of the
compromise act, has now existed for more than forty
years, is to be annihilated; and a culture which di-
lectly employs 50,000 laborers, and indirectly sup-
ports thrice that number, to be destroyed? I repeat,
if the duty on sugar be materially reduced, the cane
must cease to be cultivated in Louisiana. We can-
not compete with the planter of Cuba; for we are
exposed to many difficulties from which he is ex-
empt. He is not obliged to replant his cane more
than once in ten or twelve years. Indeed, on some
favored soils, the rattoons (as they are called) will
yield abundantly for thirty years. With us, in the
average, we must replant every second year. The j
levees, or dikes, of the Mississippi, constructed i
originally at great expense, require constant atten-
tion, and periodical—indeed, almost annual—repairs; !
and, notwithstanding all the vigilance and care of the
planter, he frequently sees them swept away, and
loses in a day the accumulated fruits of years of in-
dustry. He is not exempt from the same hurri-
canes which so often devastate the crops of the I
planters ot the Antilles. But the greatest danger to
which he is exposed, and one which of late years ;
has recurred much more frequently than it formerly <
did, consists in those untimely frosts which, in a j
few hours, change the whole aspect of his fields, )
and nip in the bud all his hopes of an abundant har- [
vest. To counterbalance these disadvantages, we j
have nothing to rely upon but a soil of unsurpassed !
fertility, the untiring industry and indomitable ener- j
gy of our planters, and the fostering influence of a !
duty which contributes 30 largely to the national >
treasury. We have never asked for legislative aid
to call into existence new or untried brandies of in-
dustry; we have never asked for additional duties to
stimulate to increased production: we have only de-
sired to be left alone; we only make the reasonable
request that you will not disturb a long-established
order of^things, coeval with our admission into the
great American family, that has gradually directed
the enterprise and capital of our citizens into chan-
nels from which they cannot now be diverted, with-
out inflicting inevitable ruin upon those embarked in
them, and the severest distress upon our Slate at
large.
How strongly does our history contrast with that
of the manufactures of the North and East' We stood
at the cession of Louisiana, under a revenue tariff
where we now do. The duties on cotton and wool-
len goods vere then 12| per cent. The act of- 26th
March, 1809, added 2| per cent, to all ad valorem
duties, to produce the Mediterranean fund, for the
prosecution of the war against the Barbary powers.
By the tariff of 1816, the duty on sugar was fixed
at three cents; those on cotton and woollens nom-
inally at 25 per cent.; but by the operation of the
minimum, then first introduced into our custom-hous e
regulations, they were, in many instances, twice or
thrice that rate. By the tariff of 1824 and 1828, they
were increased to an extent the enormity of which
brought the country to the very verge of civil
war. By the act of 14th July, 1832, while the
duties on cotton and woollens were retained, some
modifications were made in other articles; the duties
on brown sugar were reduced from 3 cents to 2j, and
on white from 4 to 3^. By the present tariff, as
appears by the tables attached to the report of the
Committee of Ways and Means, furnished from the
records of the treasury, these duties range, on cotton
goods from 30 to 160 per cent.; and on woollens
from 30 to 100 per cent.; averaging probably about 70
per cent. This brief recapitulation, of the correct-
ness of which I challenge contradiction, shows that,
while the duties on sugar have remained stationary,
the duties on cotton and woollens, those great arti-
cles of general, indeed of indispensable, necessity,
have been increased five-fold. The effects of this
system are exemplified in the proportion of the
domestic product of this article to the whole con-
sumption of the country, as compared with those of
cotton and woollens made in factories alone. And
here, that I may not be misunderstood, I wish to
say that, if it were necessary, I should be disposed to
go to the extremest limit of discrimination to protect
the domestic industry of the country, truly so called—-
the industry of individuals, as contradistinguished
from that directed by associated wealth. But this in-
dusty is self-sustained; it needs not your aid; and if it
did, it is silent and unobtrusive as that of agriculture;
and is not continually knocking at your doors, and
clamoring, like a sturdy beggar, for legislative alms.
The value of woollens produced in factories, by the
census of 1840, was $30,696,699; cottons $46,350,453;
and of these amounts $11,527,533 of woollens, and
$31,498,880 of cottons, were produced by five New
England States—Maine, New Hampshire, Massa-
chusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut. The im-
portations of the same year were, of woollens and
cottons respectively, $9,071,184; of cottons $6,504,-
484; total $15,575,668—showing in the one case a
fitctory production of more than double, and in the
other of seven times the amount of importation. The
importations of woollens in 1821 were $7,437,737;
of cottons $7,589,711; total $15,027,448. The aver-
age importations of sugar, from 1819 to 1823, were
57,310,000 pounds; of five years, from 1838 to 1840,
were 153,955,845 pounds, presenting,in twenty years,
an increase of 167 per cent.; while the increase of cot-
tons and woollens in the same period was less than
4 per cent. The proportion of sugar made in the
United States from the cane, to the importations of
foreign sugar, is as 90 to 154; in other words, the
consumption of foreign exceeds that of domestic
sugar by more than two-thirds. Thus, while the fac-
tories are fast approaching to a monopoly of the
supply of woollens and cottons, the case is directly
the reverse with the planters of sugar.—(Note
No. 1.)
The history of sugar, which is but an epitome of
that of agriculture generally throughout the country,
shows that it has always been made the scape goat
of the manufacturing interests of the East. It has be-
come, in a great degree, identified in public opinion
with the protective system, and without any fault on
our part. The people of Louisiana have always
been opposed to it; her entire delegation in Congress
voted against the tariffs of 1824 and 1828; and had
this protective system never been introduced, no idea
of demanding a diminution of duty on sugar would
have existed, for the simple reason that it could not
have been dispensed with as a revenue duty. It is
objected that the duty, if not too high for revenue,
is more than the consumer ought to pay. Some gen-
tlemen, I believe, have gone so far as to estimate it as
equivalent to an ad valorem duty of 100 per cent ;the
table of the Committee of Ways and Means would
show an average of about 69 per cent.; but nothing
could be more fallacious than the returns from Octo-
ber, 1842, to July, 1843, as data for estimating the
ordinary price of sugar, and consequently the ad
valorem rate, of duty. Sugar has never been so
low as during that period, and this extreme lowness
of price must be mainly attributed to the extraordi-
narily large crop of last year. The prices of this
year range nearly twice fts Ijigh; the crop exceetW
