CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
str>
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be print-
ed.
On motion by Mr. CHOATE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire whether any, and what, legisla-
tion is necessary on the subject of goods imported
into the United States in Sicilian vessels.
On motion by Mr. PORTER, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to send to the Senate the report or reports made to
the War Department the present session of Con-
gress: by the United States mineral agent at Lake
Superior.
Mr. HAYWOOD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rule, lies one day on the ta-
ble, viz:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be directed to report a list of all claims
to land in the State of Louisiana which have been
heretofore reported by any commissioner appointed by
law for that purpose, ana which have riot been here-
tofore confirmed by Congress, but which remain
subject to their future action; and in making said
list, the Commissioner of the General Land Office
will set forth extracts of so much of the reports and
other documents in his office as may exhibit to the
Senate the origin of the claimant's demand, whether
it was recommended to be confirmed by Congress
or not; and, if reported upon adversely, the ground
of objection to the claim.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petitions of sun-
dry widows and other persons, praying that the
pensions heretofore granted out of the navy pension
fund, as well as under the act of March, 1837, and
under former acts, be continued to them, reported
a bill concerning naval pensions, embracing two
classes of cases; which was read and ordered to a
second reading, and, with the report accompanying
it, ordered to be printed.
The adverse reports of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, on the case of Alonzo B. Davis, and the
and the Committee on Pensions 011 ihe case of Jonas
Bartow, were taken up, and concurred in by the
Senate.
Some bills from the House were then read twice,
and appropriately referred; and the joint resolution
from the House, tendering the thanks of Con-
gress to the British authorities at Gibraltar, and
the commanding officer and crew of her Majesty's
ship Malabar, was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate proceeded
to consider, as 111 committee of the whole, the bill from
the House ''making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various In-
dian tribes, for the fiscal year commencing on the
1st day of July, 1844, and ending on the 30th day
of June, 1845." The question pending being the
following amendments, to come in at the end of the
bill; which having been read, were agreed to, viz:
"To make good the interest 011 investments in
State stocks and bonds for Indian tribes, not yet
paid by the States, to be reimbursed out of the in-
terest when collected, twenty-seven thousand three
hundred and sixty-six dollars and eighty-nine cents.
"For ransoming a white boy, by the name of
Frank Lee Witter, fioni the Camanclies, two hun-
dred dollars.
"For expenses attending the holding a treaty with
the Caddoes and other wandering tribes, under the
act of March third, o.ne thousand eight hundred and
thirty-five, to be audited and settled by the proper
accounting officers of the department, in addition to
former appropriations, two thousand one hundred
and eighty-seven dollars and fifty cents, or so much
thereof as may be necessary."
O11 motion by Mr. EVANS, the bill was further
amended by inserting an appropriation of §500 for
the fulfilment of the 1st article of the treaty with the
Pawnees; and $1,000 to pay two blacksmiths and
assistants, under the same article of treaty.
Mr. EVANS moved further to amend the bill by
striking out $20,000 from the clause appropriated
for postages, rents, stationery, fuel for offices, and
other contingencies of the Indian Department, and
for transportation and incidental expenses, and to
insert $36,500.
Mr. KING wished to know what necessity there
was for this increase.
Mr. EVANS said this amendment was not pro-
viding for an additional grant, but only restoring the
original estimate, which was $36,500. How §29,000
came to be inserted in the bill, he knew not; but sup-
posed, from a communication before him, received
from the commissioner, that it occurred through
some mistake between him an4 the chairman of the
the Committee of Ways and Means. The refusal
to pass this amendment would occasion much em^
barrassment to the commissioner. The 'Committee
on Finance was of opinion, after careful investiga-
tion, that the full estimate should be granted.
The amendment was agreed to; and there being
no further proposition to amend the bill, it was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading. Subsequently, it was read the third
time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. TALLMADGE, the bill ma-
king a grant of land to aid 111 the improvement of the
Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and to connect the same
by a canal, in the Territory of Wisconsin, was ta-
ken np for consideration, the question pending being
on the motion of Mr. Allen, providing that the bill
shall be of no effect until approved by the legisla-
tive council of Wisconsin.
Mr. ALLEN said, that inasmuch as the remarks
in explanation of this amendment, which he offered
to the Senate some days ago, might not be fresh in
the minds of senators, he would briefly recapitulate
what he then said.
By the distribution act, there was a certain amount
of public domain to be ceded to the Territory of
Wisconsin when it became a State. In regard to the
act itself, he had observed that, in the discussion
which was going 011 when it was before the Senate,
there was a difference of opinion among senators as
to the precise construction to be put on that particu-
lar clause; some supposing that it was an absolute
cession of the land to the Territory; and others that
it was a pledge by the government that the land
should be ceded to the people of the Territory, when
it should assume the form of a State, and be admit-
ted into the Union. In either aspect, the principle
was precisely the same, whether the land was by
that act actually ceded, or only pledged to be ceded
to the Territory of Wisconsin when it should be-
come a State. The present population of that Ter-
ritory had the same interest in this cession, under
either construction of the act; and inasmuch as an
amendment was adopted to the bill now pending, by
which it was proposed to appropriate a part of the
cession made by the distribution act to a particular
object, the rights and interests of the Territory were
materially affected. It might, or it might not be to
the interest of the people of Wisconsin that this bill
should pass. It might be deeply prejudicial to their
interest; because, if the bill not pass, they would,
upon the Territory becoming a Slate, have the abso-
lute, unconditional disposal of this half million acres
of public domain, for any object of public utility, that
the judgment of the State might suggest. They
would also have the disposition of the funds arising
from the sale of the domain thus ceded to them by
the distribution act. But if the bill now {tending be-
fore the Senate should pass, the people of Wisconsin
would be deprived of more than half of the land thus
ceded them; and that part of the land of which
they are thus deprived, was to be taken possession
of by the federal government, or its proceeds re-
tained, or to be applied to a specific object; and that
application to be made not under the supervision
and control of the Territory of Wisconsin, but of
the federal government. It was, therefore, to all
intents and purposes, a limitation on the grant made
to the people of Wisconsin by the distribution act.
It was a limitation upon that ground prejudicial to
the people ofWisconsin, and prejudicial to the ter-
ritorial government—first, in regard to the object to
which the land was to be applied; and, secondly, as
to the agency which this government had in the ap-
plication of the funds. Therefore, inasmuch as this
act was to effect positively a grant in which the Ter-
ritory ofWisconsin was interested, he deemed it
proper that the organic legislature of that Territory
should be consulted before the act took effect.
There had been a grant made. One party could
not effect it. The grant under the distribu-
tion act was complete. Either government had
a pledge that the grant should be made, and on
the part of the federal government it was conclu-
sive. That being the case, the federal government
had no right, whilst the distribution act existed, to
modify the grant thus made tothe Territory, without
the consent of the Territory.
That \yas the ground he took; and for that rea-
son it was he had offered the amendment that this
bill should not take effect until the legislative au-
thorities ofWisconsin should have asserted their
approbation of its provisions.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE argued that it would be in-
correct and in opposition, to the fudamental principles
of our colonial government to assume the power of
entering into any contract with the Territory of
Wisconsin. Wisconsin was, on its part, as long as
it remained a Territory, ineligible to become party to
such contract. The federal government stood to
Wisconsin in the relatoin of a guardian to a ward;
and in that relation, no contract could be made be- .
tween them. The proposed amendment would have
the effect of defeating the great object in view—that
of connecting, by water-way, the lakes with the
Mississippi, and of doing away with the advantages,
which would arise from the increased value of the
lands by such work—the facility it would afford
to the transportation of munitions of war, and the
concentrating of troops at any certain point without
loss of time m case of emergency.
Mr. ALLEN. What was the senator's partic-
ular objection to the amendment'
Mr. WOODBRIDGE objected to the amendment
on the ground of the delay; and further, on the
ground of incapacity of the Wisconsin legislature to
judge or decide on the matter impartially. They
were located altogether on the south side of the
Territory; and would come to the consideration of
the question with local prejudices,, which would lead
each one to look to his own interests in preference
the national good.
Mr. ALLEN believed the objection to delay
arose from a knowledge that Wisconsin would
soon become a State, and throw up the paternal
guardianship now forced upon her. He had a pre-
sentiment that more than two months would not
elapse before we would be called on to hail the ad-
vent of this Territory into the body of the Union as
a sister State. He could not agree with the reasons
advanced by the senator from Michigan, that the
legislative officers of Wisconsin were incapable of
judging the question. He believed them to have, as
much capacity as any other set of men, in or out of
the Territory. As to their described helpless state
of orphanage, he did not think that the godfather-
ship of the senator from Michigan would at all
benefit them. He did not believe that the principle
of calling in foreign aid to legislate for local pur-
poses, merely 011 the ground of locality rendering
residents incompetent to legislate for themselves,
would ever be tolerated by the people of this coun-
try. The question whether Wisconsin had power
to take by grant, required 110 discussion. Whether
she had or not, Congress should be the best judge,
and must have known it when she made the grant
by the distribution act, and Wisconsin accepted it.
After making that grant, the attempt was now
made to modify it by this bill; and that, he coil-
tended, could not be fairly done. A delay of six or
eight months could not injuriously affect the meas-
ure, and by that time the decision of the legislature
of Wisconsin would be known. Should his propo-
sition fail, he, for one, would resist the passage of
the bill to the last.
Mr. BREESE, knowing the great benefits that
would accrue to government from the carrying out
the works proposed by this bill, was willing to give
it, at first, his unqualified support; but since the ad-
dition to the bill of the amendment of the senator
from North Carolina, he thought it would be wrong
to press the matter, without letting the legislature of
Wisconsin have some voice oil it.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE regretted that the senator
from Ohio should have so far mistaken him. He
meant, not to cast the slightest imputation 011 the
character of the people af Wisconsin; far from it.
He believed them to be possessed of as much intelr
ligence, and as much moral excellence, as any other
body of our fellow-citizens; but what he advanced
was, that, from their being located in one corner of
an extensive territory, their local prejudices might
blind them to the general good.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he did not perfectly
understand the question.
Mr. ALLEN explained the nature of his amend-
ment, and also that of the amendment of the sena-
tor from North Carolina.
Mr. CRITTENDEN supported the views taken
by the senator from Michigan. Hethouaht the Ter-
ritory would, in the end, feel obliged to us for
speedy action, and carrying out the gieat improve-
ment proposed by the bill. He doubted, 011 review-
ing the circumstances, whether the Territory had
