S78
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
any title to the 500,000 acres promised by the dis-
tribution act; if she had any, it was a cold, barren,
steril title—for the conditions that would have
stregthened that title were no't fulfilled. He was
willing to give the most liberal donations of public
lands lor western improvements; and if such was
sought now, he would be the first to vote for it. He
thought the bill should pass without delay.
Mr. ALLEN did not suppose the senator from
Kentucky meant to say that Wisconsin had no title.
If the conditions had not been fulfilled, the fault lay
with Congress, and not with the Territory. Con-
gress thought proper to transcend the limitatino
made by itself, by imposing a higher duty on
foreign imports than 20 per cent.; and for this, which
rendered the conditions impossible of fulfilment,
(she Territory could not be held accountable. The
claim, he contended, was good in equity. As to
tne necessity for hurrying on the bill, he knew not
where it existed; for, by the showing of the senator
from Kentucky, the country was a barren, unpeo-
pled wilderness; and therefore it could not be ar-
gued that it would benefit a poor and labouring pop-
ulation, or afford advantages in the way of carrying
the products of the country to a market. He had
no hostility to the work, but would vote for double
the appropriation for any public improvement; but
he must first be satisfied that it was bona fide a pub-
lic improvement. .
Mr. PORTER asked the amendment to be read.
The CHAIR read the amendment.
Mr. PORTER referred to the former grant made
to the Territory of Wisconsin, with a view of show-
ing that it was precisely of the same character as
that now proposed. He also referred to the several
grants made to other States, and observed, that with
Die exception of these grants to Wisconsin, it was
only in the single instance of a grant of 250,000
acres to Ohio, for a specific purpose, that the mini-
mum principle of rating alternate sections at $2 50
per acre had been adopted. In the general grants
to other States, those States had been allowed to
select the lands for themselves, and to apply them
as they thought best.
Mr. ATCHISON asked what quantity of land
would be granted by this bill.
Mr. TALLMADGE replied, about 320,000 acres.
He said an objection had occurred to him, suggested
by the argument of the senator from Michigan,
which was, that if delay is made till the legislative
assembly of Wisconsin gives its answer, the most
favorable portion of the lands will be entered or oc-
cupied. lie read the memorial of the legislative
assembly of the Territory on the subject of the pro-
posed improvement. He was satisfied the act would
be acceptable to the legislative assembly. He
moved the further consideration of the subject till
to-morrow; but, at the request of Mr. Atchison,
subsequently withdrew that motion.
Mr. ATCHISON observed, that there was evi-
dently a disposition on all sides of the Senate to
take care of the Territory, and to be liberal to it.
He would offer an amendment, to recommit the bill
with instructions to add a proviso, that the grants
already made shall not be considered any portion of
the 500,000 granted by the distribution act.
Mr. HAYWOOD suggesled a mode of getting a
direct vote on the proposition of the senator from
Missouri. He wished to see whether it was the
sense of the Senate to superadd this grant to that
niade by the distribution act.
Mr. ATCHISON withdrew his amendment.
On motion of Mr. HAYWOOD, the bill was then
laid on the table till to-morrow.
Mr. SEVIER moved to take up the Senate bill
No. 62.
The bill was accordingly taken up—being a bill
for the relief of F. A. Kerr. It was considered us
in committee of the whole, and no amendment be-
ing offered, it was reported back, and ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time.
On motion of Mr- MOREHEAD, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and soon after adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 13, 1844.
Mr. PARMENTER, by permission, reported a
bill fromtheNaval Committee, entitled "A bill limit-
ing the number of officers of the navy, regulating
the complement of crews of vessels of war, and for
other purposes;" which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and, together with a report made thereon,
was ordered to be printed to the amount of the usual
number, and 2,500 extra copies.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Judicary Committee,
reported back a bill which had been referred to that
committee, with an amendment; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. McCLERNAND, pursuant to notice hereto-
fore given, asked and obtained leave to introduce
a bill granting the Great Western railway company
the right of way through the public land of the
United States, and for other purposes. It was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The orders of the day were then called for.
Mr. ADAMS remarked that there was no quorum
present; and, therefore, the orders of the day had
better be suspended until there was a House.
Mr. KENNEDY said he was unwilling to yield
longer, if the time thus consumed was to come out
of the hour to which he was entitled.
THE RHODE ISLAND AFFAIR.
The SPEAKER announced the order of the day
for the morning hour to be the resolution reported
from the Select Committee on the memorial of the
twenty-six members of the Rhode Island legislature,
asking for that committee power to send for per-
sons and papers.
Mr. A. KENNEDY said it was not his purpose
to bring any railing accusation against either the
people of the State of Rhode Island or her autho-
rities, as they had existed in that State from the
' formation of this Union; but it was his purpose to
speak of this matter as he believed both truth and
justice required. He was one of those who believed
that, when subjects came up in which questions of
the importance of that which is involved in this
controversy, were at issue, it was the duty of those
who occupied the responsible stations of members
of this House to speak openly and frankly; and it
was not good policy to deal with them in a mealy-
mouthed way. Whenever questions involving
rights as deep as he conceived the rights to be
which were involved in this controversy, came up
before an American Congress, it became the duty of
an American Congressman to speak of them as they
are; and he should indulge in that kind of language,
without any intention to injure the feelings of any
person in or out of the House.
The question now before the House was, whether
the select committee should be discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial which had
been referred to it; and this was made to involve
two other questions; first, as to the jurisdiction of
the House m this matter; and next, as to the expe-
diency of now acting, if the House had jurisdic-
tion. He must be permitted to say that he was ut-
terly astonished that those gentlemen who were at
all times avowedly the champion of the sacred right
of petition—a right which was on no occasion to be
violated—a right which should ever be kept uncon-
taminated and uncontrolled—a right which involved
not only the presentation, but the reception and the
respectful consideration of petitions,—should now
act so as to lead him to doubt whether they were in
earnest in theavowal of their principles on that subject,
and almost to conclude that they were making, for
purposes of their own, a humbug of this right of
petition; for they could trample upon it, when it suit-
ed their purposes, with the most unlimited freedom.
What did this petition embrace? Whence came it3
It was signed by divers citizens of the State of
Rhode Island; and what did it set forth? It set
forth various things; and whether that statement was
true or false, he must be permitted to tell gentlemen
that it would not do for them to get up here and
deny the existence of the facts set forth in that peti-
tion; for when those gentlemen denied the jurisdic-
tion of this House, they quietly admitted the truth
of the charges there set forth. And it was a settled
principle, that when individuals were charged with
crime or improper conduct, which was unjustly
charged upon them, such individuals would seek an
investigation; and if, then, the statements m this me-
morial were false, the gentlemen affected by them
should be the first to seek for an investigation.
What, then, did this memorial say? It said, in sub-
stance, that ever since the American revolution—
ever since the struggle of our fathers for the inde-
pendence of this country—ever since the formation
of the federal Union, the people of Rhode Island
have been governed by virtue of a charter grant-
ed by King Charles II; and that that charter
denies the right of the people to govern
themselves; that that chartcr placed the governing
power in the hands of a few individuals, who as-
sumed the right to make freemen, instead of free-
men exercising the right to make their governors.
It was alleged that, under such a charter, the people
of Rhode Island have been living; but that, some
year or two ago, the people of that State claimed
the truth of "that abstraction" of Thomas J efferson,
which was sanctioned by his compeers, which ac-
knowledged the right of the people to govern them-
selves; and, in a peaceable and proper manner, they
formed a republican constitution, in which they re-
cognised the sacred principle that the governing
power is based on the will of the governed. This
constitution received the sanction of a large ma-
jority of the people of Rhode Island; and, in
pursuance of that fundamental law, the peo-
pie went on and established a republican form
of government, which before they had not had
under the charter of Charles II. The memorial
further alleged that, after they had taken those
steps, the party which claimed the right to govern
the people of Rhode Island by virtue of that charter,
resisted the exercise of the rights of the people, and
in that they were backed by the army and navy of
the United States; that the executive of this Union,
instead of carrying out, as far as in him lay, the right
guarantied to the people of Rhode Island, as well as
to all other citizens of the several States of this
Union by the federal constitution, of being secured,
in a republican form of government, lent his aid to
put down the people, to destroy their rights, and to
continue a government whose powers and authority
were derived from the charter of King Charles.
This was in substance what was charged in this
petition; and it appeared that, by virtue of the over-
shadowing power of the arm of this Union, the peo-
ple of Rhode Island were crushed to the earth, and
their constitution was trampled in the dust. Nov/,
was this true? If it were not true, would gentlemen
skulk from an investigation. Would they content
themselves with denying the right of jurisdiction of
this House? It was said they had jurisdiction in
the question whether theie should be slavery in the
District of Columbia. They had, some gentlemen
admitted, jurisdiction over that question, and it
might be made a governing principle on the admis-
sion of a new State into the Union; and yet they had
no jurisdiction when the arm of this government
was raised to crush the liberties of a State, though
acting under a constitution which secured a repub-
lican form of government to every State of this
Union. But that clause of the constitution gave
them jurisdiction, and they had it in various other
ways.
Did they suppose that the people of this country
would stand by and see the strong arm of this coun-
try brought into exercise to crush the ''abstraction"
of Thomas Jefferson' They had heard it declared
on this floor, that the right of suffrage was nota nat-
ural right; and that the doctrine of Thomas Jeffer-
son, which was incorporated in the declaration of
independence, was a "mere abstraction,1' which
might, or might not, be reduced to practice. Now,
in the West, they were aceustomed to believe that
their fathers meant what they said when they as-
serted that the people had the power and the ability
to govern themselves. One gentleman from Rhode
Island, however, had said that one great objection
was that the new charter did not go far enough, and
was not broad enough: it did not cover the blacks as
well as the whites; and, therefore, it was to be sup-
posed that if it had covered the blacks, and if they
had been considered as part of the people of Rhode
Island, they should not have heard of any objection.
But he (Mr. Kennedy) drew a distinction; and the
man who should attempt to keep the free citizens of
this country from the exercise of their rights by at-
tempting to drag within the circle of the American
people a class of people that were not a part or par-
cel of them, would not succeed in his attempt. If
there was any well-settled proposition m his creed—
and he believed he was a jeffersonian democrat—it
was this: that all legislative, executive, or other au-
thority of this government, was derived from (he
people.
He held that, in the formation of a constitution,
the people made a fundamental law; and that law
must guide, and govern; and control the agents
whom the people appointed to execute theiAvil).
Rut one gentleman had denied that the right of suf-
frage was a natural right; and he claimed'lie ri^ht
to exercise authority under the charter which had
so long governed Rhode Island, and by virtue of
which, had been exercised legislative, judicial and
executive authority there. Was that the doc trine
