392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Slidell.
H. of Reps.
but little, if at all, the moiety of that of last year,
and yet will yield nearly as much to the planter. It
will not be going too far to assert, that the ad valor-
em duty at present does not exceed forty per cent.;
but, in establishing a revenue tariff, there can be no
more uncertain ana unsatisfactory standard than the
mere per centage on an article; some may well bear
a duty of five hundred per cent., while on others,
even ten percent, would be too much. Do gentlemen
who exclaim against the exorbitance of a duty of
^ cents, know what is the duty on foreign sugar in
England? 63 shillings per cwt., with 5 per cent, add-
vsd: this is equal to about 14£ cents per pound. It
may be said that this duty is prohibitory, and in
fact it generally is so; although when, from short
crops in their own possessions, prices have ranged
very high, foreign sugars have paid the duty "for
consumption. The duty on the sugars of their own
colonies is 24 shillings; which, with 5 per cent, added,
is equal to about 5£ cents; but mating due allow-
ance for the enhanced price of their colonial sugars,
produced by the differential duties, it may safely be
asserted that the consumer pays at least 8 cents
duty on every pound of sugar. Brown sugar nays
in France a duty of $13 37 for 220 pounds, oraoout
6 cents per pound. In Spain, the duty on the
sugar of their own colonies is 4 cents per pound.
In Russia, the duty is 8 cents. I find these details
jn the tables of comparative tariffs, accompanying
the report of the Secretary of State, of 29th March,
1842, and which do not furnish the rates of duties
in the other countries of Europe.
But even this comparison, favorable as it is to the
sugar duty, is far from presenting the whole of our
case. The chief use of sugar with us, as in Europe,
is in its admixture with tea and coffee; but there
these articles are burdened with duties quite as high
as those on sugar. The English customs-table, be-
fore referred to, shows that the amount levied on tea
and coffee was nearly as great as on sugar and mo-
lasses; while, with us, they are free. I would put it
to the honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Wright,] who has so loudly declaimed against this
duty, whether it makes any difference to the farmer
of the West, if, in the course of the year, he pays a
certain amount of duty exclusively on the sugar with
which he sweetens his coffee and tea, or an equal
sum on the three articles combined; for no one can
pretend that a reduction of the sugar duty must not
necessarily be compensated by the imposition of a
corresponding tax on tea and coffee. I implore our
western friends to look at this matter dispassionate-
ly; and if they have formed and expressed opinions
not consistent with the real merits of the question, to
have the magnanimity to reconsider them. The
agricultural interests must sustain each other; they
have been too long the dupes and the victims of
factory combinations. (See note No. 2.)
Another fact worthy of consideration is, the effect
of the production of sugar in Louisiana upon the
general market. In a late number of that very valua-
ble and interesting periodical, "Hunt's Merchant's
Magazine," the quantity of sugar passing annually
through the market of importing countries, is esti-
mated at 706,593 tons, or about 1,572,000,000
pounds; of this Louisiana produces about six per
cent. Persons who are not in the habit of examin-
ing carefully the effect of diminished supply upon
consumption would, perhaps, suppose that a diminu-
tion of the general supply to that extent would on-
ly produce a corresponding advance of price: but all
experience shows that this is not the case, especial-
ly when the equilibrium between general supply and
consumption is pretty well established, a small per
centage of overstock will produce a glut, and corres-
ponding deficiency a scarcity.
We nave a fiequent, and to all of us a familiar,
illustration of this m the fluctuations of our great
staple, cotton; a variation in the crop of 300,000 to
400,000 bales, amounting to 15 or 20 per cent, on
our production, and probably not to half that pro-
Eortion of the supply of the world, will be followed
y a decline or advance of 30 to 40 per cent, on the
price of the entire crop. If the cultivation of bugar in
Louisiana should be annihilated, and the duty taken
off entirely, the people of the United States would,
in a few years, pay as high a price for the quantity
they consume as they now do, while they would be
burdened by additional taxes in some other form, to
the full extent of the revenue at present collected on
the foreign article. A reference to prices current for
a series of years will show that a snort crop in Lou-
isiana has been invariably followed by a great ad-
vance of price on the whole consumption of the
country. But I will «only refer to one or two re-
markable instances. The crop of 1835-6 was, by
an early frost, cut down to about 25,000 hogsheads;
prices advanced from 5 a 6 cents to 11 a 12 cents.
The season of 1836-7 'was a favorable one, and
prices fell to their former level of 5 a 6 cents. The
crop of 1842-3 was, as I have before stated, a re-
markably heavy one; the prices fell, in New Or-
leans, to 2| a*4 cents." The last crop was consider-
ably short-of a fair average, and the quotations of
sugar in New Orleans now are from 5| a 7 cents.
Such are the effects of our production upon prices-
generally; and from the difficulties which our plant-
ers have to contend with, and which I have but
partially enumerated^ it may safely be assumed, that
if no duty had existed upon its importation into the
United States, the culture of the cane, in a state of
peace and free intercourse, never could have been ex-
tensively pursued by us. We could not have com-
peted with the productions of more favored regions.
The direct consequence of the duty has been to add one
hundred millions of pounds to the general mass of
annual production. If the duty were wholly or par-
tially withdrawn, the consequence, I admit, would
be a temporary depression in price, nearly equal to
the diminution of duty; but, as the present rates
barely enable the planter to pay expenses and de-
rive a very small per centage from his capital, the
necessary result of fall in price would be diminished
production. I dp not estimate the average inter-
est yielded by sugar estates at more than five per
cent.; it is true that some may realize a greater profit
than this; but there are many whose crops, for a se-
ries of years, have not more than paid their expenses.
This was the calculation in 1831. A communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, made 19th Jan-
uary, 1831, in reply to a call of this House, con-
tains much valuable information on this subject; and
were a similar investigation now to be made, the re-
sults would not be materially different. It must not
be overlooked, in this relation, that the general rate
of interest is much higher in Louisiana than in
the northern States. The effect of reduced
price to dimmish production, would be felt in
a constantly mcteasmg ratio; for the planter would
be unable to make good the decrease of his
laboring force, which occurs on the best regu-
lated plantations. This proceeds, not from exces-
sive labor, or the want of any necessary comfort
among our slaves, but from the character of the cul-
ture, which, requiring able-bodied hands, presents, on
every sugar estate, a larger number of men than of
women. In time, to be sure, diminished production
would produce a reaction, former prices would be
re-established, and the culture resumed. But in the
process, thousands would be ruined; property would
have changed hands, and a few colossal fortunes have
been amassed by speculators at the expense of a
whole community. It is a common opinion that the
sugar planters are generally men of luxurious habits;
there can be no grosser error. As a class, I know
none more simple and frugal; indeed, the
strictest economy, the most indefatigable indus-
try and untiring vigilance are necessary to en-
able them to support at all the foreign competition
against which they are struggling. But would the
evil effects of the destruction of this culture be con-
fined to Louisiana? A very superficial examination
will suffice to show that our interests tire not isola-
ted; that, on the contraiy, they are connected with
those of all the great sections of the Union. To
our brethren and neighbors of the West it has open-
ed an immense market for provisions of every kind,
which, under other circumstances, would be chiefly,
if not entirely, produced at home. Horses,3 mules,
machinery of every description, are sold to an im-
mense amount, and paid for by the proceeds of our
crops; thousands are engaged m the mere transpor-
tation of these commodities. From the northern
and eastern States we derive our supplies of cloth-
ing, agricultural implements, all the coarser species
of manufacture, fish, hay, and the countless articles
which go to form a cargo of Yankee notions; and
their ship-owners have the monopoly of carrying
not only that portion of our crops which is con-
sumed m the Atlantic States, but all that we receive
in return. But, if any one portion of the Union be
interested more than another in the continuance of
the present duty, it is the people of the southern
and southwestern States. All the sugar lands in
Louisiana are admirably adapted to the growth of
cotton; and so soon as sugar shall cease to render a
fair return, our planters will turn to the culture of
cotton. This transfer of labor will add at least two
hundred thousand bales to the already excessive
production of that staple. The effect of such an in-
creased supply would diminish the value of their
crops to an extent infinitely greater than the entire
value of the sugar which they consume. If time
would permit, I should desire to enter into some
further details on the proposed reductions on clayed
sugars and molasses, (see note No. 3,) which are
greater in proportion than those on brown sugars-
But I feel, that while I am very far from having
exhausted the subject, or even treated it as fully as I
could have wished, 1 have already, perhaps, too far
trespassed on the indulgence of the committee. I
shall therefore reserve what I have to say on these
matters, as also on the proposed exemption of cot-
ton from duty, (see note 4,) until a later period of
this debate. It may be asked—thinking, as I do,
that the present duties on sugars should not be re-
duced—if I will vote for the bill as reported by the
Committee-of Ways and Means, should my pro-
Eosed amendments not be adopted. My reply will
e a brief one. I believe that whatever may be the
fate of this bill in the present Congress, the knell of
the protective system has been rung; and I again re-
peat that, by this, I mean protection, irrespective of,
and destructive to, revenue. I do not wish the su-
gar duty to be identified with it. I dread another
compromise act, to be introduced by some champion
of protection, by whom we shall be again sacrificed.
(See note -6.) I know that the intelligent sugar
planter would prefer rather to have a duty of two
certs, established on revenue principles, than to hold
that now exist ng by the precarious tenure of pro-
tection. But even as a question of present interest,
and apart from all prospective difficulties, I believe
that my constituents will profit by the change. The
reduction of duties on other articles, especially on
cottons, woollens, glass, crockery, silks, wines,
spirits, salt, &c., the restoration oi the trade with
Texas, and the increased activity of our commerce
under a revenue tariff, will recommend my course to
them generally. At all events, I shall be cheered
by the consciousness of having faithfully and hon-
estly discharged my duty, taking into view the in-
terests of all whom I have the honor to represent
here.
Note 1.
It has been objected by some of the advocates of the pro-
tective sj stem, that the producers of sugar and iron have
been unduly favored by the bill of the Committee of Ways
and Means. 1 have disposed of this objection as regards
sugar. It may be proper to remark that the statistical ta-
bles to which J have referred, justify the discrimination in
favor of iron. The importations of 18*21, of iron and steel,
and other manufactures, amounted to $>3,'212,861; and in
1840, to £7,-241.4!)?, having more than doubled in twenty
jears. This affords the strongest evidence that the duty
has not passed the revenue standard.
Note-2.
The favor and sympathy which the sugar planter is to
find with the factory interest, was pretty well exemplified by
the reduction of duty made in 1832, while those on cotton
and wollons were retained in all their enormity; but we had
new evidence, if any such couhrbe necessary, of the feel-
ing in the report and bill of the Committee on Manufacturer
of 1842, which piopobed to reduce the duties on brown su-
gars to t\\ o cents, and on white sugars to two and a half
cents; while it imposed a duty of six cents per pound on re-
fined sugpr, which was absolutely pi ohibitory, to favor a
ramification of this factory interest; at the same time recom-
mending duties on cottuns and wollens, which would have
prevented even the veiy limited importation which we now
have through the custom-house.
Note 3.
The reduction on white sugar is greater than that on
brown; thus reversing the rule, which I consider the cor-
rect one, of taxing more highly the article consumed by
the richer classess. Bat it is further objectionable, because
there is, on the average, moie saccharine matter in two
pounds of white clajed sugars, than m three of ordinary
Muscavado, consequently, the clayed, at a duty of three
cents, will be imported in preference to Muscavado at two
cents, rt surely cannot be pretended that a dutj of less
than half a cent in molasses is too high; but I fear that the
proposed reduction, besides the directlos* of revenue, will
lead to the renew al of fraudulent impoitDtions of sugar. I
give a memorandum on this subject published in 1842, by
Mr. K. J. I'orstell. a highly intelligent merchant and plan-
ter, to whom I feel indebted for many valvable sugges-
tions: bo
"The official report of the intendant of Havana [See Hunt's
Merchant's Magazine] shows the total exports of the Island
ot Cuba, to have been a> loilows:
For 1840—804,090 boxes (total crop)
For 1841—812,192 boxts do
• 321,636,000 lbs.
- 324,876,800 lbs.
"The exports for lb39 ai • not given, but are stated to
have been upwards of four m ilions dollars bhorl of those
of 1840
The official statements of the Lecretary of the Treasury
show:
For 1838—That the importation of molasses from the Island
of Cuba amounted to - - - - lo.839.658 gallons.
For 1839—That the importation of molasses from the Island
of Cuba amounted to • 4 - . 1^702,308 gallons
