CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37*
of the whig party in Rhode Island? He should like
to know if they would say that the people should
be subjugated and made slaves or freemen, as the
charter authorities should say yes or 110. It was a"
fundamental principle that men and mind must gov-
ern, and not property.
In connexion with this branch of the subject, he
related the anecdote told of Franklin, who, with
biting satire, put the proposition thus: if a man of
intelligence were not entitled to a vote, and another
of equal intelligence, possessing an ass, were al-
lowed to vote oil the basis of his right of property
therein,-rrdid the man vote, or the ass?
He continued with some further remarks on this
branch of the subject, and said the question was,
whether they should sit still and see the executive
of the United States exercise the power of this gov-
ernment to violate the rights of the people. He
took it that their jurisdiction was perfectly clear;
and that it was not only the right, but the duty of
Congress to exercise it. He knew it had bees said
that Dorr, and those who contended with him for
the rights of the people in the State of Rhode Island,
were ruffiians and vagabonds, whose object was plun-
der; but this had ever been said of men who were the
advocates of the rights of the people, by those who
believed, or affected to believe, that the people were
not fit for self-government. The same party justified
martial law in Rhode Island, while they denounced
it in Louisiana, when proclaimed by General Jack-
son for the salvation of the country. He had no
hesitation in saying that the charter authority ex-
ercised in Rhode Island was an infamous usurpa-
tion; and the only question which he should now
ask was, did a majority of the people of Rhode
Island adopt the constitution of which they had
heard so much said? If that question were an-
swered in the affirmative, he did not hesitate to say,
that it was now the fundamental law of that State,
and that Thomas W. Dorr was now its rightful gov-
ernor.
He admired the character of Governor Dorr.
Where was he now? The gentleman had taunting-
ly said that he was not here. Why was he not here?
Because they who treat the right of self-government
as a silly abstraction—they who are laboring to
break down and destroy popular rights—had brought
the strong arm of military power to bear against
him. Where would Washington and all the pa-
triots of the revolution have been, if some over-
whelming power had comc to the aid of the British
government during the glorious struggle of the rev-
olution? They would have been exactly where
Dorr is now—where every patriot must expect to be
when he falls into the hands of those who claim, by
the grace of God, the right to trample upon the
liberties of the people.
He desired that the issue should now be made
before the American people, between those who de-
ny the right of the people to govern themselves,
and the advocates of that right. He wanted to see
the question settled, whether the declaration of in-
dependence was really nothing better than an ab-
straction.
In the State which he had the honor in part to
represent, he did not believe there was a man who
would dare to stand up and declare to the people
that the principles put forth ill the declaration of
independence were abstractions. It was asserted
that the people had no right to change their form of
government; if so, he contended that no legislature
could have the power.
The State of Rhode Island fought nobly in the
revolutionary struggle of this country for liberty;^
but it appeared it was only for the purpose of
changing masters. They wanted those to whom
Charles II had delegated the authority, to govern the
State, and declared that the declaration of independ-
ence was a mere abstraction. He held that any set
of men, whoever they might be, who were willing
to make such a declaration as this, and to maintain
that the people had ijo right to govern themselves,
were deserving of the scorn of every man who re-
cognised the right and capability of the people for
self-government. There was a time when the doc-
trine of the capability of the people for self-govern-
ment was doubted; but those who had confidence in
it, succeeded in establishing its practicability; and
he held that man to be an alien to our free institu-
tions, who declared thai, the people were incapable
of self-government; nay, more,, he held such a man
to be deserving of the execration of all honest men.
There was this distinction, however: even those
who were trampling down the rights of the people
in Rhode Island, though they denied the right ot
the people to govern themselves, conceded their ca-
pability.
As far as the power of the House to inquire into
this matter was concerned, he thought they had a
clear, undoubted power. He believed there were not
many men in that House, who, if the facts set forth
in the memorial were true, would be willing to declare
that this House had not the right to inquire into the
matter in order to prevent such evils in future. He
was well aware that he might be denounced as an
agrarian, a locofoco, and so on: he cared not
for all this; he would rather be denounced by a
certain class of individuals in this country, than
praised. It had been the case ever since human lib-
erty had struggled against tyranny, in this and every
other country, that individuals who contended for
the rights of the mass were denounced as agrarians.
Notwithstanding all this, he was prepared to assert
that the people of these United States had an indis-
putable right to alter, amend, or change their form
of government as they choose.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH having obtained the
floor, asked how much of the morning hour was
left.
The SPEAKER answered that but five minutes
were left.
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH then moved that the
further consideration of the subject be postponed till
to-morrow; which wasagreed to.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of'the Whole, to go on with the
Military Academy bill; but withdrew his motion at
the request of
Mr. DROMGOOLE, who asked leave to report
back, from the Committee of Way sand Means, the
bill repealing the first seven sections of the distribu-
tion act.
The SPEAKER said that could only be done by
general consent.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS said that, if thegentleman
would give way, he would move to suspend the
rules for a few moments, to allow the reception of
such reports from the standing committees as would
not give rise to debate.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then (no objection being
made) reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means, without amendment, the bill to repeal the
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh
sections of the act for the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, approved 4th
September, 1841.
The SPEAKER asked the gentleman what dis-
position he proposed to make of this bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that the bill was on its
third reading, and he proposed that the question be
put on its engrossment.
Mr. VINTON moved to refer it to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. This was
a bill of great importance, and ought to be maturely
considered.
Mr. PAYNE could see no reason for referring
this bill to a Committee of the Whole, as the sub-
ject had been most fully discusscd, not only in this
House, but throughout the country; and the minds
of the people were fully made up on it. The sec-
tions of the act which the bill proposed to repeal
were not now in force, because the duties under the
last tariff had been carried up above the rates which
authorized distribution. Tins bill had been once
already referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and by them reported back to the House, after be-
ing fully considered by thein. It was recommitted
to the Committee of Ways and Means; and, after an
ample consideration,, was again reported back to the
House. After this, there surely was no good rea-
son for referring it to a committee again. There
could be no object in such a reference, unless for the
purpose of delay; for the subject had been fully dis-
cussed, and was fully understood, not only by the
House, but by the whole country. He would fur-
ther remark that the simple principle of distribution
was repealed in this bill, and that it did not touch
any other.
Mr. BARNAB.D made some remarks in support
of the motion to refer the bill, which the reporter did
not distinctly hear.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that he was astonished
at the declaration of the gentleman from New York,
that the House now heard of this bill for the first
time.
Mr. BARNARD explained that he meant that
the bill was brought up for the first time to-day for
consideration.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that the bill had been
before the House for consideration previous to to-
day. It was introduced, on leave, by the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Payne] on die 4th of January
last, when it was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands; who, after considering it, reported it back.
to the House. It was then recommitted to' the
Committee of Ways and- Means, who, after a
like consideration, had again reported it back.
The gentleman therefore could not suppose -the bill
was now for the first time heard of, unless he sup-
posed that a majority of the House were ignorant of "
its proceedings, and took no notice of its business.
The gentleman alluded to the vast number of new-
members who had not heard this question discussed.
Why, it was a question that was familiar, not only
to the members of the House, but familiar to the
people. It was one of the most important acts of
the extra session of 1841, and had excited the deep-
est attention throughout the country. The people'
of the United States were ready, and had been ready,
to declare their sentiments on the simple question,
whether the proceeds of the sales o¥ the public lands
should be distributed among the States, or remain
in the treasury, to assist in defraying the expenses
of the government, and to that extent render increas-
ed taxation unnecessary. This was the simple
question before the House, and the new members,
coming fresh from the people, were fully possessed
of their sentiments on the subject, and were as much
prepared to act on it on the first day of the session
as now. Mr. D. said, that the bill simply provided,
that the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
should remain in the treasury, to be applied to the
support of the government, instead of being doled
out among the States to seduce and corrupt them.
That portion of. the bill making appropriations of
lands it was not proposed to touch, because some of
the States had received the quotas provided for them
by- it. This being the simple question before the
House, the gentleman from New York, and every
other member, was as ready to vote on it, as hs
would be after a month's discussion. ,It seemed,
therefore, that the reference of the bill would answer
no other purpose than delay, and contribute to the
procrastination of the business of the House, and
the lengthening of the session.
Mr. HARDEN observed that this question of tho
distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands was not a new question, to be sure; but it
was one of great importance to a large portion of
the people of the Union; and they were now asked to
act on it immediately, without reference to the
Committee of the Whole, and of course without
discussion. And why was it proposed to pass this
bill, so speedily? Why, because, forsooth, it was
nota new question, and had already been fully dis-
cussed. Now he should like to know if the elec-
tion bill, which was passed a few days ago, was a
new question. He should like to know if the tariff
bill, reported the day before yesterday by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means,"was anew question,
and why it was deemed more necessary to refer
these bills to the Committee of the Whole than the
present bill. This was a question equally as impor-
tant, and was as much worthy of discussion. The
tariff bill of the Committee of Ways and Means
was for reducing the duties so low that the distri-
bution act would go into operation again; and that,
he supposed, was the reason it was to be re-
pealed. A speedy action on the bill was very de-
sirable to the majority, and he was therefore not
surprised that there was a disposition to suppress
all debate on it. The bill, he supposed, would be
passed under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, the minority being entirely powerless to pre-
vent it; but they had at least a right to ask that
their sentimenis in regard to it might be spread bp-
fore the American people. If this question was not
to be discussed, he should like to know what ques-
tion was?—none that he knew of was of more impor-
tance. He supposed that the next tiling they did
would be, that it was unnecessary to discuss any
questions here; and that the majority would pass the
whole batch of their bills without any discussion
whatever.
Mr. BOWER observed that he had as little dis-
position as any member on the floor to consume the
time of the House; and it had been a source of deep
mortification to him to sit here and witness the use-
less debate that had taken place on subjects oil
which the mind of every individual in the communi-
ty was made up, and which had been continued not
only for days, but for weeks. Now, as to the sub-
ject at present before the House: had it not been
discussed for years in the House? had it not been
discussed in the public papers? and had it not be?it
