380
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
diseussed 011 the stump? Had it not, at one time,
been the all-absorbing question among both parties?
For what purpose should it be discussed now, but
for delay, and to protract the business of the House?
The people of the United States, from the North to
the South, and from the East to the West, had
turned their eyes to the useless consumption of the
time of the House in unnecessary debate. He was
for action, instead of useless discussion, consuming
thfc time and money of the nation. He had sat
there* listening to useless debate till his patience was
worn out; and he therefore moved the previous
question.
Mr. McCLERNARD entreated the gentleman to
withdraw his call for the previous question for a
few moments.
Mr. BOWER assented, on condition that the
gentleman from Illinois would renew the motion.
Mr. McCLERNAND observed that his colleague
had evinced a great degree of sensibility at the mo-
tion before the House, and seemed to apprehend
that the subject would not be sfficiently discussed
and understood by the American people, and his con-
stituents, if the question on it should be taken then.
Now, he respectfully begged leave to differ from
his colleague, and to express the opinion that it had
been already fully discuseed, and was well under-
stood, by the people of Illinois at least, who had
already passed their judgment on it. This question
had been one of the favorite themes got up to ena-
ble the great leader of the whig party to ride into
power. His colleague was aware that the people of
Illinois had passed sentence of condemnation on this
principle of distribution, and that they regard it as
a bribe offered to seduce them from their principles.
They had condemned it by the action of their legis-
lative bodies, and had further put their condemnation
on it by sending here a large majority of members op-
posed to it. What was the character of this meas-
ure,"which it was now proposed to repeal? Why,
it was to give money to the States with one hand,
and take double the amount from the people with
the other. This could be established by mathemat-
ical demonstration. The people regarded it as one
of the tricks and stratagems of the whig party to
blind their judgments, and deceive them in the ex-
ercise of the elective franchise. They regarded it
as a political hobby, got up by a desperate party to
retrieve their desperate fortunes, and they therefore
condemned it. In reply to the assertion that this
was a new question, he would say, that the bill be-
fore them was introduced 011 the 4th of January, and
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands, of
which he (Mr. M.) was a member; and if it were
proper to allude to the action of that committee, he
might say that u mrjority of them gave it their sanc-
tion. It was then referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and the result of their action was the re-
port of to-day, passing alike censure on the principle
of distribution. Thus the appropriate committees of
the House had put the seal of condemnation upon
it; and in doing so, they had done nothing more than
copy the judgment of the American people. The
fentleman intimated that the freedom of debate had
een cut off by the majority of the House. He
respectfully differed with the gentleman. It was
known to the country, that a great portion of the
time of the House, since the commencement of the
session, had been consumed in idle debate 011 the 21st
rule, and some other questions equally as useless.
Where was the power of the majority, when these
debates were permitted? He might safely compare
the action of the majority of this Congress with that
of the last, in which some of the most important
questions were hurried through without allowing an
hour's discussion. Then the majority exercised a
more arbitrary powci than ever had been witnessed
on that floor, and subjected the minority to a more
unrelenting despotism, than was ever known 111 a
legislative body. He should not (Mr. M. suid)
have made these remerks, had they not been called
forth by the language of his colleague. Mr. M.
concluded by renewing the motion for the previous
question.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. HAR-
DIN, Mr. WENTWORTH, Mr. G. DAVIS, Mr.
WELLER, the SPEAKER, Mr. WINTHROP,
Mr. RHETT, and others.
Mr, C. JOHNSON then called for tellers on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question, and
Messrs. Dellet and Burke were appointed; and
they reported 76 m the affirmative, and 68 in the
negative.
So there was a second.
Mr. CARROLL moved to lay the bill on the ta-
ble; and on this he. called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted thus—yeas 64,
nays 110:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Car-
roll, Causin, Chappell, Chilton,Clinch, Clingman, Collamer,
Cranston, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickin-
son, Fish, Giddings, Willis Green, Grider, Hardin, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Joseph K. ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Ferley
B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Newton, Pat-
terson, Peyton, Elisha It. Potter, Preston, Ramsey, Rock-
well, Kodney, Rogers, Sample, Senter, Severance, Albert
Smith, Caleb B. Smith,Andrew Stewart, Summers, Thomas-
son, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wethered, White,. Win-
throp, and William Wright—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Benton, Bidlack,
James Black, Blaekwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob
Brinkerhoft', Brodhead, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt,
Caldwell, Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Cross, Cullom,
Dana, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis, Daw son,
Dean, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis,
Elmer, Ficklin, French, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin,
Haminett, Haralson, Hays. Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B.
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, An-
drew Johnson, George W.Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston
King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas,
Lumpkin, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand,
McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Moore, Joseph Morris,
Murphy, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Emery D. Potter,
Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhctt,
Ritter, Roberts, Robinson, Russell, St. John, Saunders,
Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Slidell, John T. Smith,
Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewait, Sykes,
Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wontworth,
Wheaton, Williams, Joseph A.Wright, and Yost—110.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred, "Shall the main ques-
tion be now put'"
Mr. BARNARD called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered, and resulted thus—yeas 107,
nays 75.
So the main question was ordered to be now put.
The question then being upon the engrossment of
the bill, the yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 115, nays 63, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Benton, Bidlack,
Blaekwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Biinktiliod, Biod-
liead, Aaron V. Brown, Wm. J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Cald-
uell, Catlm, R. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Cross, Cullom,
Dana, Daniel, R. D. Davis, John W. Daws, Dawson, Dean,
Dromeoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Ficklin, Foster,
French, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, llummett, Haralson,
Hays, Henley, Henick, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Hubbell, Ilughes, Hungeiford, James B. Hunt,
Charles J lngeisol!. Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew John-
son, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King,
Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin,
McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnel],
McDowell, McKay, Moore, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Owen,
Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Pur-
dy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relte, Rhett, Rit-
ter. Roberts, Robinson, Russell, St. John, Saunders, Thos.
H. Seymom. Simons, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles,
Stone, Sj kes, Taylor, Thomp&on, Tibbatts, Tucker, "Weller,
Wentwortll, Wheaton, Willi dins, Joseph A. Wright, and
Yost—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffiiigtou, Car-
roll, Causin, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch, Chneman, Colla-
mer, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey,
Dickinson, Fish, Giddings, Willis Green, Grmnell, Hardin,
•Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph It. Ingersoll, Ir\in,
Jenks, Ferley B Johnson, John P. Kennedy, JVlcIlvaine,
Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Newton, Pat-
terson, Peyton, Elisha R. Pottei, Preston, Ramsey, Rock-
well, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Senter, Severance, Albeit
Smith, Caleb B Smith, Andrew Stewart, Summers, Thorn
asson, Tjler, Vance, Vinton, Wetheied, White, Winthrop,
and William Wnght—63.
The bill being thus ordered to a third reading,
Mr. STEWART inquired whether the previous
question would preclude discussion upon the pas-
sage of the bill.
The SPEAKER was uuderstood to reply that the
previous question applied only to the engrosssment
of the bill
Mr. STEWART said, if the question was open
to discussion, as it had been unexpectedly sprung
upon the House this morning, (for he believed it
had been only reported this morning,) 
Mr. DROMGOOLE interposed to say that the
bill had been introduced as long ago us the begin-
ning of January, and had been committed, and re-
committed, and finally reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. BARNARD inquired when the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The Clerk, after referring to the printed bill, re-
ported that' the bill was referred to that committee
on the 22d day of February.
Mr. BARNARD was going on to observe that
there had never been the slightest discussion respect-
ing it, and he thought it highly improper that it
should be hurried through in this manner; when
Mi, DROMGOOLE.agajt) interposed.^Without
admitting the propriety of the allusion of the gen-
tleman, if there had been no discussion, it was be-
cause gentlemen did not choose to discuss it.
Mr. STEWART said, whether there had been
discussion in the committee or not, it was certain
there had been none in the House. It was a vitally
important measure; more important than any bill
that was likely to be brought forward this session;
and yet this bill was to be hurried through on its
final passage, on the same day 011 which it was re-
ported, under the previous question, without an op-
portunity of saying a word upon the subject; with-
out even a report from the committee explaining the
reasons upon which it was founded. Was a meas-
ure of this kind to be forced through without a mo-
ment's consideration, and without a word of explana-
tion? The measure was too important to the people
of this country to pass without some examination.
The proceeds of the public lands of this country be-
longed to the States of this Union; and a period had
arrived in the history of this country, when, bymal-
• administration, a state of things had been brought
about, which had involved the States of this confedera-
cy in debts under which they were groaning. Was
this government going to furnish no relief to the
States? Did this government owe no obligation to
the States, and to the people of this Union? Were
they to sit quietly, and see the States crushed under
the weight of taxation—to see their character dis-
graced—to see repudiation stalking abroad in the
land,—while this House possessed the power of free-
ing the people from their burdens, and the country
from disgrace—a disgrace in which this government
was involved—without affording that relief which it
was in their power to afford, and which the States
had a right to claim at their hands? What were they
going to do with the surplus revenue which they
would derive from the existing tariff? If they did
not give to the States the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, to which they wore entitled, they
would be driven in a short time to pass another lau-
for the distribution of the surplus revenue; for that
they would have a surplus, and a large one, at the
end of the current year, was perfectly certain.
The Committee of Ways and Means had report-
ed a tariff bill, and for what purpose? Why, they
alleged, to increase the revenues beyond what they
are under existing laws. They were not content
with a revenue of forty millions a year—the rate a.t
which it was now pouring into the treasury—but,
in the face of this fact, they had introduced a bill for
the purpose of increasing it. Now, if this tariff bill
was to have the effect it was intended to have, we
shall (said Mr. S.) have more money to distribute;
there will be a plethora in the treasury; and ho
wanted gentlemen to tell him what they wero
going to do with this surplus if they did not intend
to give it to the States. Let him suite a fact to the
House. This bill was introduced forthe purpose of
increasing the revenue; and it brought the duties
back to what they were in 1840. What was the
revenue then? It was thirteen millions and a quar-
ter. What was the revenue in 1841? The report
of the Secretary of the Treasury showed that they
were fourteen millions; and this year we shall have
forty millions. And yet it was proposed to reduce
the duties one-half to increase the revenue. What
were they going to do with that revenue if they
would notdistribute it among the States'
Mr. DROMGOOLE said, pay the debts of the
whig Congress with it.
Mr. STEWART continued. Yes, twenty-odd
millions of whig debt—a debt contracted under the
administration of Martin Van Buren, and which he
contended would have gone on increasing and in
, *:hc whlgs had 1101 Passed the tariff act
of 1842, which restored the prosperity of the conn-
try, and enabled it to meet it. It was the fruits of
Mr. Van Buren's system that brought this debt on
the country; and it was the policy the whig party to
pay it, and would pay it. This tariff bill of the
Committee of Ways and means reduced the dutic.<
on an average more than one-fourth, and reduced
them one-half on a great many articles. It would
extinguish the fives of all the forges m the State of
Pennsylvania. What would be its general lesults'
it (said Mr. b.) you reduce the duties one-third
don t you reduce the revenue one-third5 and then.to
make up that reduction, must they not brjn  tjie
country one-third more foreign goods'1 i\Tow what
sort of policy was this, to destroy the protection to
American artisans, for the sake of bringing British
goods into the country for the encouragement of
British manufactures?
Mr. McKAY here said that he was unwilling to
