CONG&ESSIOftAL GLoM.
mt
interrupt any gentleman in the course of his re-
marks; but the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
taking a range wholly inadmissible. Trie tariff bill
was not now underdiscussion; but would be brought
up in afew days, when the gentleman would have
an ample opportunity of discussing it.
The SPEAKER said that it was not in order for
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to discuss the
merits of the tariff bill, which was not then before the
House.
Mr. STEWART insisted that he was in order—
that he was referring to the tariff bill to show that
there would be a surplus revenue, for the purpose of
connecting it with the bill before the House. And he
had no doubt that this bill would be passed without
discussion, as the majority had the power to do so.
Why not pass the tariff bill as they were now pass-
ing the bill to repeal the distribution act? One was
not more important than the other, which was to
save some of the States from bankruptcy. If this
bill was to be passed under the gag rule, why not
pass the tariff bill in the same way? This tariff bill
could not be passed at all, if suffered to be discussed.
The country would see that it was to encourage for-
eign manufacturers, at the expense of our own me-
chanics. lie would tell gentlemen how was the
best way to pass it; and that was to send it to the
British Parliament, where it would be passed by
acclamation. He contended that he had a right to
discuss this question, and discuss it, too, in connex-
ion with the subject of the distribution of the pro-'
ceeds of the sales of the public lands. He had a
right to show its effects on the revenues of the coun-
try, and how .there would be a surplus, that ought
to be distributed among the States. Let him re-
mind the House of another fact. The tariff bill of
1832 was introduced precisely like the present one,
but for a different purpose. The bill introduced the
other day was for the purpose of improving the rev-
enue; but the bill of 1832 was introduced for the
purpose of lessening the revenue, when there was
found to be a redundancy. Now he would like to
know how, in 1832, the same bill was to reduce the
revenue, that was now to increase it? It must be
evident that a bill to reduce duties would reduce
revenue, unless the importations were increased; and
if importations were increased, it would he. to the in-
jury of the American producer, for the benefit of the
foreign manufacturer.
After speaking of the effect of the reduction of
duties on various ai tides of American manufac-
tures, Mr. S. went on to say that the House dare
not pass this tariff bill, if a discussion was permit-
ted on it. The people of the country would pro-
claim il to be for the benefit of British manufac-
turers to the injury of the American mechanics.
He would go further, and say that it would be to
the injury of the American farmer; for the British
importations that would come in would be agricul-
mral products, worked up by the British mechanics.
He contended that this was a British bill, made for
the protection of British manufactures, and not for
the benefit of American industry.
Here the SPEAKER called Mr. S. to order.
Mr. STEWART continued. Well, he would say
that if this bill should be passed, what would be. the
condition of the indebted States' Pennsylvania had
a debt of forty millions. How was she to pay it, if
the proceeds or the sales of the public lands were
withheld from her. To pay it, she must resort to
direct taxation, and direct taxation of the most un-
mitigated sort.
He went on to show what the State of Pennsylva-
nia would be entitled, if the public lands were dis-
tributed; and he appealed to the members from the
indebted States to come to his aid m attempting to
defeat this bill. He spoke of the advantages of dis-
tribution to the people, and of the propriety of sup-
porting this government by duties on imports,
which', if paid by the people, were paid voluntarily,
as they were not compelled to purchase luxuries
nolew minis. So long as the land revenue was paid
into tlie treasury, the tariff would be unsettled, foi
there were constant fluctuations m the receipts fiom
that source; and hence he derived another argument
in favor of distribution, which had iecei\ed tlit? ad-
vantages of General Jackson's advocacy.
He was proceeding with his argument, when
The SPEAKER announced the expiration of his
hour. . -j
Mr. HOPKINS next obtained the floor, and said
lie should not entertain the House by any argument
on this subject, or by attempting a reply to the
speech which the House had just heard from the
p-entleman from Pennsylvania. There was one class
of questions which presented themselves to the con-
sideration of this Congress, which he would not dis-
cuss, because he did not feel permitted to discuss
them; and this was one of them. They would al
remember that, at the commencement of the last
Congress, it was said by a distinguished gentleman
at the other end of this Capitol (Mr. Clay)—a gen-
tleman who was the leader of the party to which the
gentleman belonged who had just taken his seat—
that the minority in both branches of Congress were
condemned culprits; and the majority then assumed
to be here not to discuss and debate certain ques-
tions concerning the interests of the country, but to
execute the verdict of condemnation which the peo-
ple had pronounced upon the minority; and the ma-
jority then commenced their work;—that sentiment
being here responded to by a gentleman from Indi-
ana, now no longer a member of this body, he him-
self having fallen under the "second sober thought"
of the people, and his place been worthily filled by a
gentleman belonging to the party which had been
stigmatized as condemned criminals. It would also
be recollected that measures were forced through
during the session of that Congress by every species
of gag.
He would call the attention of the House to one
measure—110 less a measure than that authorizing a
loan of twelve millions of dollars. How long was it
permitted to be considered by the then dominant
party in this House? But one day before the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and means intro-
duced a resolution fixing the following Monday, on
which day, at a certain hour, the committee was to
be discharged from its further consideration. And
the committee was so discharged, and the hill was
reported to the House, the previous question ap-
plied, and thus a bill authorizing a loan of twelve
millions of dollars was passed through this House
with but a few hours1 consideration. And how was
it with the sub-treasury repeal bill? Why, it re-
ceived but a few hours1 consideration at most, before
the majority proceeded to execute what it said was
the verdict of the people. And now there was a
party here, lie must be permitted to tell them, which
had come to "execute the will of the people," who
had been so grievously deceived in 1840; and in re-
lation to such measures as this, he would inquire if
it was pretended that debate for any period of time
would change the opinion of a single member? He
was sure no gentleman would pretend that it could.
Every gentleman had made up his opinion; and a
month's or a year's discussion could not be expect-
ed to produce a single change on this question. Un-
der these circumstances, he did not thrink the gen-
tlemen of the opposite party could complain, if,
with a desire to prosecute the public business which
pressed upon them, and which had been hitherto re-
tarded in various ways—on one day in particular by
the taking of the yeas and nays on the subdivisions
of a question—and standing, as the majority did, with
the responsibility that rested upon them—they re-
fused to allow questions to be discussed, day after
day, and week after week, without the expectation-
of changing a single vote. He, therefore, moved
the previous question; but withdrew it at the request
of Mr. HENLEY, (who desired to speak for about
fifteen minutes,) on his promising to renew the mo-
tion.
Mr. HENLEY said he was not in the habit of
detaining the House; but sometimes it happened, as
in this case, that he had a desire to s y a few words
in relation to the position he occupied. And in doing
so on this occasion, he would confine himself ex-
clusively to the question, as to the propriety of re-
ceiving or not receiving the fund proposed to be dis-
tributed, and which the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia had said the indebted States must receive, or they
would not be able to pay their debts. If Pennsyl-
vania was not able to pay her debts without getting
this land fund, why was she so simple as to con-
tract those debts=;
Mr. E. J. MORRIS rose to make an explanation,
m the. absence of his colleage.
[A message from the Senate as here presented
by Asbury Dickins, secretary.]
Mr. MORRIS had merely to say, that as early as
the vear 1820, the legislature of Pennsylvania, with
a democratic, majority in both branches, instructed
their senators and representatives in Congress to
vote for a hill distributing the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands among the States; and it was under the
conviction that she would receive her share, that that
State commenced her gigantic system of internal im-
provement, which had so greatly benefited the whole
Union.
Mr. BIDLACK requested the gentleman from
Indiana to yield the. flo8r a moment; but
Mr. HENLEY declined to do so, unless, he were
permitted to exceed the fifteen minutes which he
claimed for the purpose of making his speech.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Morris]
had desired permission to ask a question, and, in-
stead of asking a question, he had made a stump
speech; (a laugh.) And what did it amount to? To
precisely the same position that his'worthy friends
(the whigs) always took upon the question-, of
internal improvement—and that was, to- go
back, no matter how far, and prove, if possible,
that at some time or other there had been some act
of the democratic party which justified the whigs in
incurring an enormous debt. If one-wrong act
could be found on the part of the democrats, by
looking back for twenty years or more, it was to be
taken as a justification of all the misconduct of the
whigs during their whole career of power. This
was precisely the position taken. The gentleman
went back to a time when the democratic legisla- •
ture of Pennsylvaaia were feolish enough to believe
that they would get these lands, and this was the
way in which the gentleman endeavored to justify
the course of the whigs; such a justification, he would
tell the gentleman, would avail but little with the in-
telligent people of this country.
The gentleman would not be able to make the
people believe that, because somebody else had
done wrong, he was also entiled to do wrong. [A
laugh.] He belonged to an indebted State, and he
knew well how that State became involved. The
people of that State were swindled into contracting
the debt. The scheme was conceived in sin, and
brought forth in iniquity; but it was a difficulty
which must be remedied by the people of
Indiana themselves. They did not intend to
call upon this government to help them .out.
They were not going to ask this government
to pay their debts for them. They had acted im-
prudently—he confessed it with shame and humilia-
tion—and they wore the persons who ought to suffer.
[A Laugh.]
The question was, 'ought they to receive this
money. He maintained that if the money had been
properly appropriated, and the debts had been judi-
ciously contracted, still they ought not to receive the
money; it was improper, inexpedient, and unjust.
Mr. FOSTER asked the gentleman, whether
Pennsylvania had ever, directly or indirectly, urged
a claim to a share of the public lands, or expressed
herself in favor of distribution?
Mr. HENLEY replied, that if Pennsylvania had
not done so, it had been done by one of her repre-
sentatives on that floor; he meant the gentleman who
last addressed the House. Mr. H. proceeded to ar-
gue that the distribution ought not to take place, be-
cause a necessity would thereby be created for sup-
plying .the deficiency in the treasury of the general
government, by a resort to imposts upon articles of
consumption, which might otherwise be obtained by
the people of the country, the workingmen—of
whom he was one—at prices corresponding with
their means. Mr. H. contended that an imposition
of duties upon articles which were absolute necessa-
ries of life—such as tea and coffee—operated as a
greater burden the industrial portion of the commu-
nity than upon the wealthy.
Mr. BIDLACK rose to address the House, (Mr.
Henley having yielded him the floor for an expla-
nation,) but objections being made,
Mr.HENLEY said he should nothavemadeasingle
remark, if he had thought thai the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] would have been so sensitive.
He had yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Morris,] a political opponent,
and not a word of objection was heard; but now,
when he professed to do a similar favor to the other
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bidi.ack,] a po-
litical friend, the greatest alarm was excited. The
gentleman from Ohio seemed to think that there was
some collusion between him and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bidlack;] but he could assure
him there was none, and that all he intended was,
to grant the same privilege to the gentleman that he
had already granted to his colleague. As the gen-
tleman from Ohio, however, seemed so very sensi-
tive, he would withdraw the promise he made to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and conclude with a
single remark. It was well for gentlemen to talk
about gag-laws, who 
Mr. YINTON again called the gentleman to or-
der, stating that the gentleman had not a right to gC>
