sm
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on with his remarks, after having, as he understood
him, said that he was done.
Mr. HEN LEY replied that, if the gentleman did
understand him to say that he had. concluded, it was
because, not being so well versed in parliamentary
proceedings as other gentlemen, he might have ex-
pressed himself imperfectly. It was, however, far
from his intention to say that he had concluded hia
remarks; and the gentleman had understood him in-
correctly.
The SPEAKER observed that he did not hear
the gentleman say that he had concluded; and the
only way for the Chair to know that a gentleman
had done speaking, was by his taking his seat. The
gentleman not having resumed his seat, he of course
inferred that he had not finished his remarks.
Mr. HENLEY observed that it was not his in-
tention to yield the floor entirely when he gave the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bidlack] per-
mission to to address the House. He now conclu-
ded by renewing the motion for the previous ques-
tion.
f^RDIN anc^ 0t'ler gentlemen appealed to
Mr. H. to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion; but he declined doing so, on the ground that,
the motion was not his own, but only the renewal
according to promise, of the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Hopkins.]
The previous question was then seconded bv the
House.
Mr. HARDIN demanded the yeas and nays on
the question, "Shall the main question be now put"'
which being ordered and taken, resulted in yeas
104, nays 70.
The yeas and nays having been Ordered,
The mam question, being on the passage of the
bill, was then taken, and decided in the affirmative
—yeas 113, nays 70, as follows:
t./KA?7:v,I<:ss!'s- Anderson, Atkinion, Benton, Bidlack,
Kdviard i. Black, lilackwell, Bower, Bowhn, Boyd, Jacob
Bnnkerhoff, iirodhrad, Aaron V. Brown William J
Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, fary, Catlin, Reuben Chap'
man, Cobb, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, It. D. Davis, J. W. Da-
vis, Cfwsun. Dean, Dillingham, Dromstoole, Duncan, 'Dim-
lap, Ulx, tieklin, Foster, French, Byiam Green, Hale,
Hamlin, J ammett Haralson, Hays, Donley, Herrick,
Holmes, lloge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hnhbell,
Hughes, Hungcribid, J. B. Hunt, C. ,1. Ingersoll, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, A. Johnson, Goo. \V. Jones, Andrew Kenne-
dy, rreston King. Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lew.
is Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslcn, Maclay, McClelland,
JYlcCIernaml, AlcConnell, McDowell, McKay, J. Morns
Murphy .Owen. Farmcntor, 1'ayne, Kmery D. Potter, Pur'
b")' Davl1' s- R"d- Reding, Itelfe, Khett, ltitter,
Solicits, Robinson, Russell, St. John, Saunders, Thomas H
Prt Sm'tT John T- Smith, Thos. Smith, Rob-
ert Smiti. Steenrod. Stetsou, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone
W ?• aJ' ,1', Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller
—111 V0 wllrat0 . Williams, Jos. A. Wright, and Yost
T,.™AY^Trsrs,;Abbolt' Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
S Tl'nj' Brown, Buffington, Carroll, Cau-
rJti ri™ n fhnch' c'>nsman, Collamer, Cranston, Gar-
lett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Fish Gid-
dings, Wilhs Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Hudson
Washington limit, lrvm, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson I P
'pti|llVain0i>M,lrSh' j' •!V1on'is' Morse, Mo'selcy!
''"ton, Elisha R. Potter, Preston, Ram!
nel", Kockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample Senter
Thfim- sS o' 'P fi'"1' BVrSy"th' Amlrew Stewart, Summers)
Ihom.isson, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wetheretl
Wlnt<\ Winthrop, and Wm, Wright—70. '
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to amend the title by
sfrikmg ont, and inserting as as follows:
"Strike out all after the word 'repealand insert
the words 'certain sections of the net entitled an
a" to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, and to grant pre-emption rights an-
proved September 4, 1841.1 n '
_ On tins amendment, he moved the previous ques-
tion, which was sustained, and the ument was agreed
to. ®
Mr. McKAY remarked tnnt the day was far ad-
vanced, and therefore he would not move to £o into
Committee of the Whole on the state of Union on
the appropriation hills; but instead, he would move
tiiat the rules be suspended, that the committees
might oe caked for reports that would not give rise
to debate.
The motion was agreed to.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
\v^T' from the Committee of
Ways and Means, noting under the authority of a
fov°t'v,p0n °li ? -Housei reported a bill providing
for the collection, safekeeping, transfer and dis-
bursement of tile public revenues, which was ac-
companied by a report. The bill was read twice.
. Mr. D. moved that the bill be committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
ana that the bill and report be printed.
Mr. M. BROWN moved to lay the bill on the
table; and on that, he called for the previous ques-
Mr. BARNARD intimated that the minority of
the committee might hereafter make a report.
The yeas and nays were then ordered, and taken
on laying on the table, and resulted thus—yeas 62,
nays 100:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buflintrton, Car-
roll, Causm, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Collamer, Gran-
stem, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dickey, Dickinson, Fish,
Gidmngs, Willis Green, Grinnell, (Jrider, Hardin, Hud-
son Washington Hunt, Joseph 31. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Edward J. Morris,
Morse, Moseley, Newton, Patterson, Peyton, Elisha K.
Potter, Preston Ramsey, Rayner. Rockwell, Rodney, Ro-
gers, Sample, Senter, Severance, Caleb B. Smith, Andrew
Stewart, bummers, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler Vance
Vinton, Wethered, White, Winthrop, and William Wright
NAYS-Messrs. Atkinson, Benton, Bidlack, Edward J.
Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinker-
nr^,n V. Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell. Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Clin-
,t ^ C-rosi' Cnl!om. Dana, Daniel, Richard C. Davis,
Pir vi' m ?^'s?,n' Dillingham, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Ellis, Elmer, Mcklin French, Byram Green, Hamlin, Ham-
Herrick, Hope, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Charles .1 Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, preston King, Kirkpatrick,
Labranche Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mc-
Clelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay
Moore, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Owen, Parmenter, Pavn'e,
bmiery D Potter, Pratt, Furdy, Rathbun, Reding, Rmer,
Roberts, Robinson Russell, St John, Thomas H. Seymour
Simons, Slidell, Thos. Smith, Robert Smith, Stetson, John
Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts,
w*- Went worth, Wheaton, Wiliiams, and Joseph A.
Wright—100. r
So the House refused to lay on the table.
The question recurred on referring it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, and that the bill and report be printed; which
was carried.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES,
The House ihen adjourned. '
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporter by the members
presenting them:
By ROBERT SMITH: Petition of John Stone, a
soldier m the late war with Great Britain, praying a
pension m consequence of wounds received while in
the service of his country: referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions. Also, the petition of the
legal heirs of the late Andrew Englis, an officer in
the war of the revolution, praying payment for for-
age furnished the army, by order of the eommand-
er-in-chief of the army: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
wBy JOliN W" D-A-VIS: The petition of
W m. Hollenbeck and 31 other citizens of Sullivan
county; the petition of Joel Stinnett and 17 others,
county; the petition of Thomas Marks
and 1^3 others, of same county, Indiana; the me-
morial of Jas. S. Reed and 32 others of said countv;
the petition of John Marks and 40 others of said
county; the morial of Ezekiel Stone and 37 others
of same county;—all praying: for a grant of certain
lands in the Vincennes land district, for the exten-
sion of the Wabash and Erie canal, from Terre
i-iaute to Evansville, on the Ohio. Also, the me-
morial of John Dowell and others, 430 citizens
of Lawrence county, Indiana, asking a erant of
land to complete the national thoroughfare between
the lakes and the Ohio, by tile improvement nf the
navigation of tne Wabash. Also, the memorial o
Oreor^e Adams and 372 others, citizens of Monroe
county, Indiana, upon the same subject.
Bv Mr. HAMLIN: The petition of D. W.
Bradley and others, citizens of Bangor, for a law
defining the manner in which lumber' of all kinds,
grown on the territory of Maine, and transported
down the river St. John, shall again be admitted
into said State of Maine: referred'to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
By Mr. RUSSELL: The petition of citizens of
Ulster county, New York, praying for the reduction
ot postage: referred to the, Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. LYON: The petition of 300 citizens of
western Michigan, praying for an appropriation to
construct a harbor at the mouth of South Black
river, on the eastern shore of Lake Michigan. The
petition of 83 citizens of Ionia county, asking the
establishment of a mail route on the north side of
Grand river, in'Michigan, from Ionia, in the county
of Ionia, by way of Dexter's and Butterfield's, to
the Plat River post office in the county of Kent, in
said State. The petition of 106 citizens of Niles, in
Michigan, praying for the reduction of postage, to
five cents on each letter sent in the mail, and for
abolishing the franking privilege.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The petition of E. P. Taylor,
and 221 other citizens of St. Joseph county, In-
diana, praying the reduction of the rates of postage
on letters to a sum not above five cents for distances
within 500 miler, and not exceeding ten cents for
any greater distance; and also for the reduction of
posiage on newspapers, periodicals, &c.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 14, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen •
ate a message from the President of the United
States, cohering a report from the State Department,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
25th January, 1844, comprising a list of all the
American consuls and vice consuls abroad; which,
on motion by Mr. SEMPLE, was ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, a message from the President of the United
States, covering a report from the Secretary of State,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 21st ultimo, informing the Senate that ves-
sels of the United States have been made to sub-
serve the African slave trade, &c.: ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented four memorials
praying the construction of a ship canal around the
falls of St. Mary's river, one of which was signed
by 118 citizens of Pontiae, one by citizens of Adrian,
one by 213 citizens of Battle creek, and one by 89
citizens of Rochester, iVFichigan: referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented four similar me-
morials, signed by 57 citizens of Iowa, by 41 citi-
zens of Berrien county, 86 of the 1st ward, and 81
of the 2d ward, in Detroit, Michigan; and
Mr. PORTER presented four similar memorials,
signed by 88 citizens of Monroe, 52 of Bertrand,
154 of Ann Arbor, and 72 of Mount Clemens,
Michigan; all of which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BREESE presented additional documents in
suppoit of the petition of Edmund Roberts and
otlieis, sureties of St. Wain; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT remarked that he had, some few
days ago, presented a memorial purporting to have
been signed by various persons styling themselves
ship-owners, &c., praying Congress to examine in-
to the reciprocal commercial treaties with foreign
countries, with a view to their change, modification
or termination. He had now received a memorial
from a number of persons styling themselves ship-
owneis in INew York city, remonstrating against
the termination of those reciprocity treaties; and
m explanation, it is stated that two or three of those
who signed this memorial signed the other, which
he presented through mistake: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, leave was
granted to take from the files the petition and pa-
pers of the heirs of Daniel Piatt.
Mr. ATHERTON presented a memorial from
Cyrus Eastman, and other citizens of the countv of
Grafton, in the State of New Hampshire, prayinr
S-'tL1? ?,0n °f 'h,e rateS 0l"P0staSe> the abolition
of the franking privilege, and the repeal of so much
the post office law u forces newspapers and
periodicals into the mail, against the w4L o-~ the
publishers and subscribers: referred lo the Commit-
tee, on the Post Office and Post Roads.
thp £ .far presented several memorials from
the ,_tate of Ohio, one from the county of Wavne
Knew, one fiom the county of Piekawav nvl
another signed by officers of the 4th regiment of'the
/th division of Ohto militia, urging on Congress .he
mSTE UP "ecessity of Passi"S such laws as
might be necessary to protect the rights of this
caSeus' whoTtory °f °reg°n' a"<! the Ameri-
trv \ m 1 • I S°ne i0 Settle in that °°un-
having been reported for this object
these memorials were ordered to lie on the table'! '
Also, a memorial, signed bv O T Fi. i^ ' -i
other citizens of Portage countv Oh; ' T1
the establishment „<• % ■™my, U.hio, praying for
and the tow^hin "r0,ltP' t1vePn Windham
and the township of Hudson: referred to the Com-
