396
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. J. A. Wright.
H. of Reps.
these ups and downs. An expansion of the currcncy creatcs
an advance in prices, and foreign manufactures are pressed
into the market immediately to take the benefit of first
prices., A great abundance of paper money depreciates the
value of the currency. Foreign manufactures seeking mar-
kets will naturally rush to that holding out the greatest
profits. Foreign manufacturers keep themselves well in-
formed upon matters connected with our finances, knowing
that a sound specie currency destroys our markets for their
goods. The value of our circulating medium regulates for-
eign imports. The fluctuations in both, exhibited in the
above tables, shew how intimately the two movements are
connected. An inflated, depreciated currency, would pro-
duce large importations under any scale of duties.
And there can be nothing clearer than the fact
that a 15 per cent, tariff now, is equal in its protec-
tion to trie American manufacturer, that 25 per
cent, was some years since, under the bloated and
inflated currency5 and that it is equally onerous in
its bearing upon the people.
In a sound currency state, then, the tariff is the
only thing which affects prices, except supply and
demand. If an article comes from a country where
it can be produced lower than we can produce it, the
tariff will -either affect the price paid by our con-
sumer, or it will prohibit its introduction. If it
affects the price, so far the consumer pays the duty.
If it prohibits, mark the result. The consumer is
left to buy the dearer.article manufactured here; and
he has another very important thing to do, and that
is, he must pay his quota of revenue, that is neces-
sary to carry on the government, on some other art-
icle, or he must da so by direct taxation.
An idea is very frequently advanced, tltat com-
petition brings down prices. This is true" to a given
extent. In trading with a country where an article
is not produced, and where there is not the capacity
for production, the seller, if he have the whole market
to himself, fixes the prices as he chooses, having no
other rule but the capacity of the consumer to pay.
In such cases, many traders might combine to keep
up prices. In the commerce we have with the differ-
ent parts of the world, we are not reduced to the con-
dition of such a class of consumers. The bands of
savages of North America have been such consu-
mers, and they have been, so far as trade has been
conducted with them, the subjects of the most
avaricious exactions. We are not so circumstanced.
Our people produce every variety of raw material
or manufactured, from the toy that the school
boy sports with, to Fulton's thunderbolt. In such a case
the foreigner finds competition now; but competi-
tion cannot bring prices down below a given point.
That point is the cost of production, and a fair '
profit on capital. Brings it below this point, and j
capital is withdrawn until, by diminishing the sup-
ply, the product rises to the same point again.
In regard to any article, one of three things is
true—either it is produced in a foreign country,
lower than in oursy or at the same price, or above it.
Now, if it be produced lower than in ours—if the
tariff exceed the difference—it is prohibited, and no
duty is raised. If it is produced at the same cost,
any tanff will operate as -prohibition, and 110 duty is
received. If it be produced at a greater cost than in
our country, then, of course, no revenue can be
raised 011 it. The duty, therefore, to be available as
a general rule, must be such as will enable the im-
porter to pay it; and then receive the cost of his
commodity Gy selling as low as the cost of a simi-
lar article manufactured 111 this country, allowing a
fair profit on the capital.
I11 all articles not produced in such abundance as
to approach supplying the demand, it is evident
that, as a general rule, the consumer must pay the
duty on the foreign article; and moie than this,
they will enter into the price of the home article as
well as the foreign. Price is not the capricious
thing that it is generally imagined to be. It is sub-
ject to one general law, from which it only varies
from accidental causes. That law is the cost of
production and the medium profit on capital. Sup-
ply and demand are accidents that affect it. For the
present state of commerce and of manufactures be-
tween Europe and the United States, the state of
things is such that, in a course of years, take any
given period together, it will be found that the cost
of production and the medium profit on capital has
been the governing principle in determining the
price of all commodities; accidents only causing de-
partures fiv,m this well-settled rule, such as infla-
tion of the currency, failure of the crops, political
agitations, and a hundred other accidental ques-
tions that may arise, that prove nothing against this
well-settled and acknowledged universal rule in polit-
ical economy.
Jhi all cases, therefore, as a general rule, tariffs
piust enhance prices to their full extent, unless the
price and quantity of the commodity in the country
where the foreign article is sold, is such as to pre-
vent imports from affecting the price; as was the case
of wheat in 1837, when the greater .part of the con-
sumption is of the home article, and a small quan-
tity is brought in to inake up'the deficiency. The
price of the home article gives a rule for the for-
eigner. But if the price should remain up, impor-
tation would increase; and the price would be af-
fected and brought down even to the price of the
cost and fair profit of the foreign article; and then
the duty would come off of the consumer. And
this rule is so well established that those exceptions
to the same only serve to strengthen this,universal
law of commerce and trade.
There appears to be one thine1 that certain gen-
tlemen agree on in this House; and that is, that the
country is in a prosperous state, so far as trade and
manufactures are concerned; and they say this pros-
perity is owing altogether to the beautiful system
called the American system—the tariff of 1842.
Now, if you agree in this, and you speak truly, there
is one thing I trust you will not forget—that this
state, which you call one of prosperity, is possible
without a national bank, without a great regulator of
the currency.
It is necessary to look at a few things that are
frequently harped upon, before we proceed fur-
ther, such as the following: that high taxes
make goods cheaper; that high taxes are necessary
to sustain agricultural .productions, &c. Now, it
appears to me that the following proposition will
commend itself to any .man of reflection: that if high
tariffs,{taxes) make goods cheaper, then it is unjust to
those who manufacture them; and if high tariffs (taxes)
make goods dearer, then it is unjust to those ivho buy
them; and with this simple but true statement, one
which cannot be misunderstood, and which will
not be controverted, no thinking man will be led
astray.
But there is one thing that these same gentlemen
must do before I will be convinced of the sincerity
of their assertion that high duties make low prices;
that is, they must put as high a duty (tax) on the
raw material as they do on the manufactured article.
When they do this, they will at least show that
they are sincere in theii professions; but when we
come to look at the discrimination that finds its way
into the tariff act of 1842, it will be seen that great
pains is taken to let the raw material raised by the
farmer and used by the manufacturer come in almost
free of duty, while the same article in a manufac-
tured state is highly protected against what is called
the pauper tabor of Europe. Let us see how this is.
The following is a correct table of the odious duties
under the tariff act of 1842, upon agricultural and
other raw mateiials, and that upon the manufacture4
materials:
Agriculture and other raio material—low.
Hides, -'1 per cent.
Linseed, 5 per cent.
Wool, cheap, 5 per cent.
Cork, baik, flee
liags, for paper, 1 cent per lb.
Quill-;, unprepared, 1 j per cent.
Silk, raw , 50 cents per lb.
Bristles,, 1 cent per lb.
Brass, emde, free.
Hemp, 30 to 32 per cent.
Flax, raw, 1 c. or 7 to 9 per cent.
Lead, crude, 1£ to 3 c. per lb.
Tin, ciude, in pie;s, 1 percent.
Wood, rough, 20 per cent.
The manufactured materials—high.
Leather, :;■> per cent-
Lmseed nil, 25 per cent.
Woollens, 28 to bO per cent.
Corks, made, 25 to30 percent.
Paper, 15 to 17 cents pei lb.
Quills, prepared, per ct
Silks, i i 50. ice
Blushes, 31) per cent.
Buss, manufactured, 30 pei cent
Do kettles, 1-2 cents per lb.
Cordage. 100 to 130 per cent.
L otton lagging, to yo per cent.
Cotton cloths. HO to 120 percent.
Max, manufactured, 25 to 50 per cent
Lead pipes, &c , 4 cents per lb
Do v, lute and red, 4 cents.
Tin, m plates, percent-
Wood, iiiaii'ifactnred, 30 per cent.
We hear men talk a great deal about pauper
labor connected with that of manufactuies, but not
a word of pauper labor connected with the labor of
the farmer. Yon will perceive by the above table,
that the fanner is not only compelled to pay an op-
pressive tax upon the articles which are manufac-
tured abroad—not only compelled to foster home
manufactures, but his raw material must be put
into competition with the raw material raised abroad, ,
" Now can it be possible, that any western farmer
can be deceived in the operation of this tariff law (tax
act) of 1842, under which the manufacturers share
the spoils, like the share of the lion in the fable, and
monopolize all. But on the subject of high duties
(taxes) making low prices—one of the benefits claim-
ed for the act of 1842—I wish gentlemen to bear one
thing in'mind, and that is, what I now assert in my
place, that under the operation of this act, the agri-
cultural labor, of the country is more oppressed
than any other. That at this very time, take prices
as' they are, while flour is selling with us m the
West at from three to four dollars a barrel, pork
from six to eight, beef from five to seven, almost
every article of absolute necessity that we have to buy,
is selling at twice their cost in the countries where
they are produced. Mark the expression—I say
in the countries where they are produced. Under this
act the price of our iron, pins, cotton goods, and
even our ploughshares and sugar, that we purchase,
is more than double their prices in the places of pro-
duction. And will anyone tell us of the West, that
we are receiving double the cost of producing our
beef, pork, flour, corn, &c.! When men will talk
about raising the price of beef, pork, flour, and corn,
then they may talk about farmers being protected.
But with the present prices of these articles, while
at the same time woollen and cotton goods, iron,
salt, and sugar, are sold at wholesale for near twice
their cost in the countries of their production, it
comes with a bad grace from them to talk of protec-
tion, to farmers. In fact, the language is grossly in-
sulting to their intelligence, in addition to the wrong
done their industry.
No one thing has helped us of the West so much
as the liberal movement in England. But for the
change of the tariff abroad, I do not believe that we
of the Wost would have realized more than two-
thirds what we have in the last two years for our •
staple articles. But for these markets the agricul-
ture of the country would have been in a far worse
situation than it now is, and at this very time it is
the most depressed, as it is by far the greatest inter-
est of the country.
The benefits of a foreign trade are beginning to be
known to hundreds in my own district by actual
experience, who have taken their cargoes of beef,
pork, com, flour, and other productions of their
farms, to the great southern market; who have row-
ed their own hoosicr boat alongside of the ship, brig,
or schooner from abroad, and have emptied their
loads into these vessels, to be transported to some
of the islands of the ocean or to the shores of the
old world; and though they have received but low
prices, comparatively speaking, yet they will tell
the advocate for a high-p-otective tariff, that, strikes
at this competition in the market by the foreigner;
cuts off the sales of his productions among us, or tax
him too largely to get into the market, and we will
suffer to the same extent in the sales of our agricul-
tural productions; and that, from the day laborer on
the farm to the heaviest agriculturist in the West,
all would feel the effect of such a policy.
The plain, industrious citizen in his field, as well
as the political economist in his study, knows this
simple truth—ihat the nation that buys is the nation
that sells-
Will any man tell us that we can have a home
market for our immense productions' It is idle for
us of the West to expect one sufficient to consume
our surplus products. The great and fertile valley
of the Mississippi alone can nearly feed with her agri-
cultural products, and clothe with her cotton, the
civilized world. What are we now, and what will
we be in the future? Look at the territory of the
northwest, that in the next fifty years will brin°-
five new States into this Tlmon—the whole essential-
ly an agricultural region, and will to a great extent
be settled by an agricultural people. Already is
Iowa Territory throwing her thousands of barrels of
flour, beef, and pork, annually into the New Orleans
market; daily is seen the humble citizen of the East,
with his family, and those of the old world, wend-
ing their way into the bosom of the West, to culti-
vate the soil, to till the earth, to raise the necessaries
of life, to transport the surplus, to cause the "wil-
derness to blossom as the rose," and to lender the
once uninhabited forest vocal with the praises of the
living God. Now, all that he asks is, that his gov-
ernment of equal laws will not attempt, by restric-
tions, (other than are absolutely necessary for its
support, economically administered,) to prevent him
from exchanging his articles for the productions of
other nations and latitudes, that lie may consider ne-
cessary tor Jus comfort, peace, and happiness. Our
