April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. J. Jl. Wright.
H. of-Reps.
farmers want, and must have, not only this Union,
but the whole world for a*mtirket. If this is not so,
then we should tear in pieces our treaties of com-
merce, recall our ministers and consuls, abolish our
expensive navy, created io protect our trade, pass
embargo laws, and thus draw ourselves in from the
rest of the world, and cease to have any further con-
nexion with the great family of nations.
But what is more unjust than the duty of eight
cents per bushel of fifty-six pounds of salt in the
tariff bill of 1842' And even at this price, the manner
in which it is laid is not fully understood. I give
you the following case, to illustrate the operation of
this duty on salt, as it is in the tariff bill of 1842:
The following are the facts exhibited by a cargo of Ivica
salt just imported and sold.
The cajgo consisted of 4,641 measured bushels of fine
Ivica salt, which cost on board, commissions and all charges
included, five and a half cents per bushel.
The custom-house measurers made of it 6,963 bushels of
fifty-six pounds— duty eight cents per fifty-six pounds, oi
twelve cents per bushel measure, and 1-20 per cent, on the
cost.
This cargo of salt sold at twenty-two cents a bushel, leav-
ing four and a half cents freight. But for the duty, it would
have paid the-same freight, if sold at ten cents per bushel.
Now, it will be seen, in this case, and this fully
illustrates the whole system, that without this duty,
this same salt could be sold at ten cents per bushel,
with the same profit to the importer. The bill be-
fore us proposes to fix the duty at 20 per cent, ad
valorem; this duty of 20 per cent, on this same salt,
taking its rates at our ports, would be two cents per
bushel; then you have the salt sold at twelve cents
per bushel, which, under the operation of the pres-
ent tariff act, has to bring twenty-two cents per
bushel.
This duty of eight cents per bushel of fifty-six
pounds, is a higher duty than we have ever had .on
this article, considering the price of the article at the
time the other duties have been laid, as compared
with the present price of salt. This duty is more
than 100 per cent, on the average kind of salt
imported into this country. On the alum salt,
without which salted provisions cannot be cured
for long keeping, or for exportation, this duty
is outrageous and oppressive, and is felt more se-
verely by the western agriculturists than by
any other portion of the country, from the
heavy pork packer to the citizen who only uses
the ordinary quantity for family purposes, stock,
&c. The price of the sun-made salt has been de-
clining so rapidly for a number of years past, that
it is not at all improbable that, in a short time, the
cost of it will be nothing more than the labor of
gathering it up, after it is made by the rays of the
sun. The people of the "West Indies, and all the
countries of that latitude, and even including the
population of the whole of the Mediterranean coasts,
would be glad to exchange this article of life for our
immense surplus provisions of the West. Re-
move the heavy duty from this article of universal
necessity, and it will enter into the western con-
sumption from the lakes to the Gulf of Mexico;
and by the competition, bring the price of the Kana-
wha and other salts down to a just comparative value,
comparing the cost of its production with the great ar-
ticles of prime necessity, wheat, corn, pork, and the
like. We of the West recollect something of the
game played at the Kanawha salt works, some years
ago, when a few gentlemen of wealth (monopolists)
were allowed to purchase out other small cap-
italists, who were engaged m making salt, and
actually did cover over some of these wells,
and refused to run them, knowing that they could
make more by running fewer wells having the mo-
nopoly in their own hands; and thousands of us in
the West had the extreme pleasure of paying from
$1 00 to $1 50 per bushel for this necessary of life.
Gentlemen made fortunes. "Protection" by such a
tariff law as this, is a question that comes home to
every man in the West. Are you willing to give
100 per cent, to this interest m this country, and
thereby depi ive yourselves, to the same extent, of
selling something abroad? Will any name, however
beautiful it may be, whether called "Jhmrican sys-
tem?" protectiiig American industry, or anything else,
induce you to say that this duty of 100 per cent, is
right? or will you say, with me, that 20 per cent, is
ample, as the tax that should be imposed upon this
article, a proper and legitimate revenue duty? And
I cannot here omit to use the remarks of a gentle-
man who is well acquainted with this subject, the
conductor of one of the leading papers of the day.
His first remarks precede the publication of a cor-
respondent who had some acquaintance with this
subject; and when taken to task for his language,
made the reply that precedes his correspondent's pub-
lication:
Salt.—Of all the wrongs of the protective policy, there
are none greater than those exercised towards salt. Salt is
an article of as universal necessity as fuel, and almost as
muck as water or air. God knew this would be the case,
and he made it as plenty as it would be nccessary. Heavy
rock salt is created without labor in the West Indies. A
glowing sun torms it in the salt lakes, and along the streams
which How from the salt springs, in e.vhaustless quantities.
The poor people of these places have nothing else to e^c-
chan^e for provisions and other necessaries of life, and they
are glad to bring the salt, and deliver it on board our ves-
sels, at a very moderate compensation for tho labor alone;
and in payment, they ask only for provisions. Here is a
business altogether of American industry. Our farmers
raise the produce; our small vessels carry it "out, andietuin
with cargoes of salt. This salt, made at God's manufac-
tory, is the best in the world. Men cannot, or, at most,
have not, equalled it. It ih of indispensable necessity m
preserving the quantities Qf provisions in our country, as
bountiful as the supply of salt at Anguilla. Why not get
our supplies at God's manufactory, and accept the boonlie
ofters to us. "It is too good and too cheap," say our politi-
cal economists; and so they get a kettle, and go to salt
making, and call this protecting American industry Such
declarations are but adding insult to injury. The salt duty
is an enormous wrong to the great West, and we hope the
intelligent yeomanry, who are so unreasonably oppressed
by it, will throw it oft with the indignation which it merits.
We give below a well-written ax-tide, by a gentleman prac-
tically acquainted with all its details:
"Du i v on S\lt.—Messrs. Editors: Amongst the articles on
which our represeutativ es in the last Congress thought
proper to levy a heavy tax, that of salt, but for what
special purpose I am notawaie.
The nominal duty on salt Is 8 cents per bushel, but the
real duty paid on any foreign coavse salt far exceeds this,
as 56 lbs. is deemed and taken to be a bushel, while the salt
really weighs from 70 to 00 lbs. to the measured bushel, by
which it is invariably bought and sold. The cost of the
heaviest and best article of foreign salt, at the place where
obtained, does not exceed 10 cents per measured bushel, and
is often bought for less. Thus, instead of paying 8 cents, it
really pays 1-1 cents, or nearly J 60 percent.—and the light-
est and poorest article, supposing it to cost the same price
abroad as the best, pays at least "100 per cent.
It is estimated that not less than fifteen millions of hogs
were slaughtered in the United States in 1843 Of this num-
ber probabl) twelves millions were salted—requiring on an
average half a bushel of salt—making an aggregate of six
millions of bushels Of the quantity of beef slaughtered for
packing in the same year, it may be safely assumed that at
least two millions of bushels were used for curing beef-
making the total quantity of salt used for cm ing beef and pork
in one year, eight million of bushels In this city, (NT. York,)
during the last'three years, there have been inspected and
repacked with foreign salt, over .*300,000 barrels of beef and
polk, and it is a fair estimate that there hove come to this
csty during the same period at least SO,000 bbls. of beef and
pork inspected in the river counties of this State and packed
with the ?aino kind of salt
Provisions packed with ordinary domestic salt suffer
a depreciation in value not only in foreign but in our o\\ n
maikets Is it not astonishing, then, that men can bo found
who will advocate a policy so directly injurious to one of
the most important branches of the industry of the country,
and m fact to all interests. Provisions."
We have often endeavored to show that the great and
good Being who created ail things, and with all the law?
which should govern them, had diversified the products of
the earth so as to make the highest amount of human enjoy-
ment to depend on universal trade; that he had done this for
the purpose of creating diid perpetuating the lree intercourse
ol his cresitures, that, for tho regulation of this intercourse,
he had established a code of law s. shaped, like all his other
laws, to promote the highest happiness of his whole fami-
lj , and that it is therefoie not only had policy, but rebellion
against God, to resist these laws. He has made air- is it not
a crime for one portion of men to combine and prevent ano-
tliei pottion from breathing if lie has made water: have
we not all a right to dunk if lie lias made fuel- and who
shall prevent us from being warm, and call it good policy?
He has made salt: and when men combine to prevent their
fellow men trom going to God's depositories for supplies,
they rebel against God, as well as w rong their fellow men
It is v, ith sentiments such as these—not in irreverence, but
in girttitude—that w e speak of God's manufactoiy. "When
} oil see vats bmlt, «>nd kettles boiling, and pi-oducnig fin im-
perfect result, w ho^e manufactory is that* Vvhen v on sec
the salt spring bursting liom the side ot the hill and flowing
along to the valley, wluh the clear and burning Min evap-
orates the water, and leaves rook salt m ma^sj dej osites all
along its course, of a quality which no art can equal, v hose
manufactoi \ is that? This is our Father's mannfactor), and
ail his children are invited by Him to go to it for ^tipplie^.
It is daring impiety to interiupt those who come 11 ft is
impiety to recognise the goodness of God m his wide pio-
V-tSion for our w jnts, then wc have been guilty of impietv .
i have not further time, to examine this subject.
i am for discrimination in the assessment of duties;
and contend that the first grent object in this dis-
crimination should be to make the taxes rest upon
the wealth of the country, that governmental ex-
penses should be sustained by capital and wealth, and
not by labor. This is the principle we have adopt-
ed in the imposition of our taxes in the States, and
the same principle should be adhered to m the lay-
ing of duties for the support of the general govern-
ment as far as it is practicable. The system of the
assessment of duties, so as to rest upon the labor of
the country, is radically wrong, and should be
changed.
I do not approve of all the features in this bill be-
fore us—the duties on some articles are too high,
and on others to low; nor am I willing to rush to
extremes on this subject. The truth is, that on sortie
articles in this country we 'have taxed in and we
must tax out; but this bill is so much preferable to
the tariff bill of 1849, that I shall give it my support.
In looking at this subject in all its various rela-
tions, I have come to the -following conclusions, all
of which I think can be demonstrated:
1. That a high tariff operates more oppressively upon the
West than any other portion of this country.
2. That the history of high tariffs in this country shows
the fact that the higher the tariff is the less quantity of farm
productions are sold abroad; and the more manufactured ar-
ticles there are sold abroad; and the higher the tariff the
lower the price of the farm productions; and the lower the
tariff the higher the price of the farm productions.
3. That the great West must have a foreign market for
her surplus productions, and cannot, in the nature of things,
have a home market for the same.
4. That we of the West are an agricultural people, and
cannot be other than producers of a surplus; and that it is
our interest, from our soil, climate, and situation, to raise a
surplus of farm productions; and we will not engage inman-
ufacturing a surplus of manufactures'for sale.
5. That, though we shall have choice of market in the
West, North, or South, yet a large proportion of our surplus
will go South; and whatever essentially affects the South
will affect us.
6. That the true system of collecting duties on all articles
is the ad valorem system, and the system ofminimums and
maximums, as settled in the bill of 1842, is calculated to de-
ceive the laboring and consuming class, and yet the weight
essentially falls upon them, and that no system of vtaxation
ought to be otherwise than plain, simple, and one that all
can see and understand.
7. That the tariff of 184*2, m all its essential details, is
strongly marked as one for the interest of the capitalist of
the East, and those engaged in manufactures; and that a large
proportion of the duties under it come from the labor of the
producing States, m the ratio of two to one of the other
States
8. That there are 10,000 laboring men in the 7th congres-
sional district of Indiana, (from those who plough to tnose
who dig and work in the shops,) who have a surplus of
$500,000 each year to sell, all of whom have a direct inter-
ests in this bill, and who are affected by tho bill of 1842 to
their prejudice.
It has been nimored—and I do not know but what
it is entitled to be called something stronger than
mere rumor—that if this bill passes, and becomes
the law of the land, a large number of manufactur-
ing establishments will instantly cease operations;
and by that means hundreds, perhaps thousands,
of hands turned out of employment, notwithstand-
ing numbers of them are now dividing from 10 to
20 per cent, profit.
Sir, for what is this rumor set afloat ? Is if true?
Are we to witness such a movement by a combina-
tion of capitalists at this juncture? And if so,
for what reason? Is it to apply the screw that was
once held by the hands of the capitalist in the form
of a bank of the United States? Is this the point
from which the money power is to exert its ener-
gies upon the elections of the country, by oppress-
ing the operatives, and forcing them to yield to the
demands of averice, and to cast their votes in favor
of monopolists, in order that they may get employ-
ment?
I know not what maybe the object, but I ask
again, why this rumor at this juncture? If it is not
intended to operate on the manufacturing popula-
lation, are we to understand that it is hoped it may
alarm the apprehensions of members here? If so,
I hope there is one thing that is better founded than
on rumor; and that is, there is a strength in this
House in favor of equal and impartial legislation
respecting the revenue, that will present the stern-
ness of the rock to all such influences?
Sir, I have one remark to make on this subject.
We should learn lessons of wisdom from the past.
What question in this country has ever been car-
ried by upanics?" Let the people once see that
the capitalists are bringing the power of associated
wealth to bear upon the elections, and, my word for
it, you will witness the same uprisings, the same
burstings forth of indignation from the North to the
South, from the East to the West, that once swept
down, with the strength ofa tornado, all opposition
to the indomitable hero of New Orleans, now the
philosophic sage of the Hermitage, in his shuggle
with the bank of the United States. Sir, I have no
wish to excite prejudice against the capitalists who
have embarked their means in one pursuit or an-
other; but he who slumbers at his post, when mo-
ney power may be used to the injury of our insti-
tutions, or the oppression of the numble classes of
of citizens, is an unworthy sentinel, recreant to his
duty, because he'is destitute of that unsleeping vigi-
lance which is essential to public liberty.
The very fact that such combinations may be
formed, is enough to excite our apprehension. Ths
