CoMgressional globe.
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Mr. A.
particularly invited the attention of that committee
to the memorial.
IMPORTANT BILLS FORTHCOMING.
Mr. HAYWOOD remarked, that he rose for the
purpose of starting some practical measures to re-
trench the expenses and to check the spirit of pro-
scription m our government. Congress had Been
in session more than three months, during which
time lie had waited upon others; but as they did not
see proper to start the subject, he (Mr. Mr. H.) be-
lived it was his duty to attempt it, however great
the labor £md responsibility of such a position. He
therefore gave notice that he would, at an early day,
introduce the following bills:
1. A bill to regulate and reduce the salary of the
President of the United States, from and after 4th
March, 1845.
2. A bill to regulate and reduce the salaries of the
chief justice and justices of the Supreme Court, and
of the circuit and district judges of the United States,
so as to apply to all officers who shall be commis-
sioned after the present session of Congress.
3. A bill to regulate and fix the salaries of the Sec-
retary and other officers and the clerks in the depart-
ment of State at Washington.
4. A bill to regulate and fix the'salaries of the Sec-
retary and other officers and the clerks in the de-
partment of War at Washington.
5. A bill to regulate and fix the salaries of the
Secretary and other officers and the clerks in the de-
partment of the Navy at Washington.
6. A bill to regulate and fix the salaries of the
Secretary and other officers and the clerks of the de-
partment of the Treasury at Washington.
7. A bill to regulate and fix the salaries of the
Postmaster General and other officers and the clerks
in the Post Office Department at Washington.
8. A bill to regulate and fix the salaries of Terri-
torial officers, appointed by laws of the United States,
in She several Territories.
9. A bill to regulate and fix the salary of the At-
torney General of the United States.
10. A bill to regulate the appointment of the Sec-
retaries of State, Treasury, War, and Navy, and
the appointment of the Postmaster General, so as to
limit their term of office to two years.
Mr. H. concluded his notice by remarking, that
if these bills met with the favor he had a right to ex-
pect they would, when the senators on both sides
were so deeply pledged to the people to retrench ex-
penses and proscribe proscription, it would encour-
age him to offer a separate bill for each State in the
Union, to regulate the salaries of the federal govern-
ment officers m the States. What he lacked in abil-
ty, he would make up, as far he could, by industry
and perseverance.
HOME SaUADRON.
Mr. SEMPLE remarked that it would be recol-
lected that he had the honor, some time ago, to in-
troduce a resolution which was adopted by the Sen-
ate, calling on the executive for information as to
what would be the additional expense to the gov-
ernment, to require one of the armed vessels of the
United States, belonging to the home squadron, to
leave New Orleans, and make the circuit of the
"West Indies and Gulf of Mexico once a month,
touching at the principal ports in the islands of
Cuba, San Domingo, and Porto Rico, and also on
the Spanish niaiu, and Gulf of Mexico. That reso-
lution had been answered, and they were informed
that there would be no additional expense, except that
of pilotage and steamboat towage from the mouth of
the Mississippi to New Orleans. In moving to refer
that paper to the Committee on Naval Affairs, he
should ask the indulgence of the Senate to make a
few remarks, explanatory of the objects he had in
view when he introduced the resolution. He was
not sure that any legislative action could or ought
to arise out of the'inquiry. He was never disposed
to interfere v.'Jh any other branch of the govern-
ment in the exercise of the powers which lie believed
properly belonged to it. Yet he thought that no
lidnu could anse out of a suggestion or recommend-
ation by that body on any "particular subject, al-
though exclusively belonging to the executive. That
had often been done by both Houses of Congress:
and sometimes, he had no doubt, with a good effect.
It might be that the motion heretofore introduced
would call the attention of the executive to this
subject, and produce an order to send our vessels
of war more frequently into those places, where he
thought our commerce had been heretofore much
neglected. The British government has a regular
system of sending its armed vessels into nearly every
port in the world were a British trader can be found.
This gives a vast advantage to British commerce,
by affording a more ample protection against every
species of depredation and unlawful seizure. Our
commerce was not very extensive, it was true, on
the coast of New Granada; and one reason why it
was not more extensive, was on account of the fre-
quent seizures of our vessels and property there,
and the entire want of protection. During their
civil wars, more than at any other time, our citizens
and their property were liable to seizure and confis-
cation, under various pretences. Nothing could
remedy this but an armed force on the spot, with
authority to act according to circumstances. There
was another advantage, independent of the protec-
tion of our commerce, which would result from pe-
riodical visits of our ships of war to the ports desig-
nated in the resolution. In sailing down the coast,
from Cumana to Galveston, they would enter the
ports of five independent republics, to wit: Venezu-
ela, New Granada, Guatemala, Mexico, and Texas;
with all of which the United States have diplomatic
relations. It often happened that the despatches to
and from our government to our ministers m all those
States, were of great importance; and should always
be carried, if practicable, by some responsible
person. Should the President think proper to
order our ships of war to visit periodically all
those countries, they would be able to carry
out and bring home in safety all the de-
spatches of our ministers, as well as our consuls in
the numerous ports of those several States.
The protection and extension of our foreign com-
merce, he said, Was the only purpose for which we
keep ships of war in service during a time of peace.
He wished, while they were in service, to keep them
moving. He could not imagine a more useful ser-
vice than that which had been indicated by the reso-
lution which had been adopted by the Senate.
It appeared to him, from the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, that that officer was under the
impression that this service had been neglected; for,
after answering the resolution, he goes farther, and
endeavors to make an excuse for not having sent
our ships as indicated. He says it would be haz-
ardous, if not impracticably to sail in the course
designated in the resolution, owing to the trade
winds, and currents raised by them. He should not
undertake to determine whether the Secretary was
right or not in the position which had puzzled the
wisest men for ages, as to the true cause, of the
ocean currents. He would leave that to those better
qualified to judge than he pretended to be. He
knew that they existed, and that, to a great extent,
they controlled the course of navigation. He had
that fully in his mind when he introduced the reso-
lution; and he undertook to say that both the winds
and the currents would favor the course indicated
by that resolution.' In the route from New Orleans
to Havana and Matanzas, this will not be denied.
Prom Matanzas, should a vessel undertake to sail
directly to the coast of Cuba and San Domingo, he
knew that there would be great difficulty in encoun-
tering the contrary trade winds. But no one would
do this. They should bear out from Matanzas to
the northward, by the channels usually followed by
vessels, until they would be enabled to make the
island of San Domingo or Porto Rico, as might be
desired. Then, to the coast of South America, at
Cumana, or Lnguayra, and down that coast, and
through the Gulf of Mexico, both winds and cur-
rents favor the voyage entirely to New Orleans.
The Secretary says the voyage could not be per-
formed in a month. The resolution never contem-
plated such a thing. Any one, by a mere glance at the
maps, could see that it could not be performed in a
month. He would desire that it should not be per-
formed in less than three or four months, including
the proper stay in the different ports: yet one \esse.l
could depait "monthly, and following each other,
there would be one or another in every port about
once a month. We all know that a stage cannot, go
from here to St. Louis in a day, and yet the mail
is carried daily. If it required one ship three months
to make the voyage, then three ships only would be
necessary to make monthly voyages. If it required
four months, then/imr ships would be necessary, &c.
So that twelve ships, by making a voyage only once
a year, would show themselves, some one of them,
in each of the ports of those countries. He thought
the great utility of some periodical appearance at
those places would be, that when any of our citizens
e-ot into difficulty, they might look forward with
some degree of certainty to that period for some as-
sistance from their country, and not, as at present,
have no assurance that any armed vessel of the
United States would ever come to his assistance.
He hoped the committee would take the subject into
consideration, and recommend some action. But if
they should think that nothing was necessary, then
he should feel that he had performed his duty in
calling their attention to a subject which was of
more importance than it would at first view appear
to be. The object of the monthly voyage from New
Orleans to Cumana and back, was for the purposes,
as well of ordinary services, as to keep up a direct
and constant communication through the isthmus
with the great Pacific ocean.
He had mentioned the city of New Orleans as the
place of departure and return, on account of its
great commercial importance to the whole country,
and more especially to the Western States.
On motion of Mr. S., the report of the Secretary
upon the subject was taken from the table, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day on the ta-
ble, viz:
Resolved, That in addition to the standing com-
mittees already appointed by the Senate, there shall
be a committee of five appointed by the Chair, to be
styled the Committee on Territories.
Mr. BAGBY presented a communication from
the three delegates from the Territories, in the other
House, urging the appointment of such a committee;
which was read.
Mr. BREESE submitted a paper (which was or-
dered to be printed) which he intends to offer as an
amendment to the bill for the establishment of a
dock-yard at Memphis, Tennessee, when it comes
up for consideration.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the petition and papers of
Gaetana Carusi.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which a resolution of inquiry upon the
subject was referred, reported a bill to amend the
act entitled "An act to repeal the act entitled an act
to provide for the collecting, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue," and to
provide for the punishment of embezzlers of the
public money, and for other purposes; which was
read, and Ordered to a second reading.
Also reported, from the same committee, a bill for
the relief of Miles King or his assignees; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Mary
A. P. Zantzinger, widow of Richard A. Zantzinger,
formeily an officer in the army of the United States;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, the bill
for the relief of Caroline E. Clitherall, the widow of
Dr. George C. Clitherall.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Haywood on yesterday, was taken up for consid-
eration, viz:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be directed to report a list of all claims
to land in the State of Louisiana which have been
heretofore reported by any commissioner appointed
by law for that purpose,, and which have not been
heretofore confirmed by Congress, but which remain
subject to their future action; and in making said
list, the Commissioner of the General Land Office
will set forth extracts of so much of the reports and
other documents in his office as may exhibit to the
Senate the origin of the claimant's demand, whether
it was recommended to be confirmed by Congress
or net; and, if reported upon adversely, the ground
of objection to the claim.
Messrs JOHNSON and BARROW opposed the
resolution, on the ground that the information called
for had been already reported, and comprised five
volumes of the State papers; that the information
could have no bearing on the bill to confirm certain
land claims in Louisiana, now before the Senate,
which only proposed to have patents issue for
claims already confirmed by boards of commis-
sioners who had aurhority to do so, or by Congress;
that it would take the department several months
to make out the report, which would prevent ac-
tion on the bill this session; and that the report, if
had, would cost an enormous amount to be printed,
Mr, HAYWOOD was aware that the informa-
