384
■CdMftESStONAL GLOii.
tion could be found among the land laws and re-
ports printed in the form alluded to by the senators
from Louisiana; what he wanted1 was to have all
the claims (those rejected, or otherwise)' in a con-
densed form, so senators could see them at a glance,
to enable them to vote understanding^ on the bill.
He spoke at some length on the importance and
propriety of the call. He having concluded,
The resolution was, on the motion of Mr, JOHN-
SON, laid on the table.
Mr. JARNAGIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which, under the rule, lies one day on the
table, viz:
Resolved, That the. Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate the amount
of revenue received from the customs and public
lands since the 13th day of September last, up to the
first day of March instant; and also the amount of
exports and imports since the commencement of the
present fiscal year, discriminating between the im-
ports of dutiable goods.
The bill from the House repealing the distribu-
tion clauses of the bill appropriating the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, was read, and, ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. JARNAGIN gave notice of his intention to
submit amendments to the bill; which he wished
to be committed with the bill.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill to amend the act entitled "An act to es-
tablish branch mints;" and
The bill for the relief of Ephraim Kerr;
Were read the third time, and passed.
THE ORECON QUESTION.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the resolution of Mr. Sempi.e, directing the Presi-
dent of the United States to give notice to the Brit-
ish government for the termination of the provi-
sion of the treaty allowing the joint occupancy of
the Oregon Territory.
Mr. ARCHER said he had very great regiet, in
not having been enabled to prosecute yesterday the
remarks winch he was desirous to offer to the Sen-
ate upon the subject now under its consideration.
He should feel, after the painful attack of indispo-
sition which prevented his proceeding yesterday,
as if he should certainly be disabled from doing so
now, it' it was not that the view which he had been
led to tal;e[()f the question under consideration, (dif-
fering vciy essentially from those taken by gentle-
men on the. other sike in this debate,) would enable
him to observe a brevity, which, with their views,
was not in their power to observe. In his opinion
the great expansion to which this debate had run,
had been owing entirely to the fact, that gentlemen
who had engaged in it, had imprudently entered in-
to the discussions of questions collateral to the real
question which now claimed the decison of the
Senate. The honorable senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Bik.iianax] seemed to have himself some, im-
pression of the justice of this remark, when he [Mr.
B.J said, in the course of the observations wlucll he
offered to the Senate, that here, perhaps, he might be
permitted to close.
Mr. MOREHEADsaid if the senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Archer] would allow lnm, he would on
account of his (]VIr. A\.) present state of health, pro-
pose that this subject should pass over till to-mor-
row. lie wax satisfied, from the condition in which
lie (Mi. A.)sienied to be, that it would be very
much to his incomenience to proceed with his re-
marks, and would find it as well to do so to-niorrow
as to-day. lie would, therefore, with his permis-
sion, nio^e to pass the bill over informally.
Mr. ARCHER remarked, that he was very wil-
ling. He was laboring under great debility, and he
M'ould cheerfully yield to the suggestion, and accept
the courtesy of the senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Morehead.]
The subject was then passed over informally till
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication fiom the Navy Department,
transmitting printed copies of the Navy Register for
the year 1844: ordered to lie on the table.
On motton by Mr. TALLMADGE, the bill to
grant a quantity of land for the improvement of the
Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and to connect the same
by a_canal in the Territory of Wisconsin, was taken
up, and recommitted to the Committee on Public
jL&nds.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 14, 1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read and
approved,
Mr. CATLIN offered a resolution to grant the
use of the hall this evening to the Congressional
Temperance society.
Objections being made to the reception of the res-
olution,
Mr. HAMLIN moved to suspend the rules; but
the motion was negatived.
RHODE ISLAND MEMORIAL.
The House resumed the consideration of the res-
olution reported by the special committee, on the
subject of memorial of the democratic members of
Rhode Island legislature.
Mr. CALEB SMITH, who had the floor, ob-
served.that he was at a loss to conceive what mo-
tive had prompted the introduction of this memorial
to the House. This memorial was one of a pecu-
liar character. It purported to be a memorial of
the democratic members of the Rhode Island legis-
lature; and he believed it was the first time, in the
history of the country, that any body of men had
ever presented a memorial and appealed to the party
pre judices of the majority of the legislative body to
which it was presented. Why should these me-
morialists have presented themselves to the House
as democrats? It might be that, in the examination
of this question, a report might be presented con-
taining a great deal of inflammatory matter, calcu-
lated to raise a great deal of political capital through-
out the country. It might have been that the me-
morial was intended for such a purpose. lie pre-
sumed that those gentlemen on that floor who did
not arrogate to themselves the peculiar title of dem-
ocrats, would not shrink from the discussion of
these topics. He was aware that, in modern times,
there had been manifested by a large portion of the
community a disposition to flatter the people, and
to enlarge at great length on what they were pleased
to term the natural rights of the people—the
right of suffrage, the right of self-government,
and the right of the people to do what they
pleased at all times and under all circumstances;
and it might be, that they thought to acquire popu-
larity by shouting hosannaS to the majesty of the
people. Now he was one of those who never sub-
scribed to the doctrine of vox populi vox dei—that
the voice of the people is the voice of a god; and he
was very far from believing that the people could
do no wrong. It was the maxim of kingly govern-
ments that kings could do no wrong; and this
maxim, it would seem, had been transferred to the
people, by those who were descanting, on all occa-
sions, on their virtue, power, and intelligence. He
was as much disposed as any man to uphold the
rights of the people; he believed they were disposed
to do right; but where, he would ask, had been the
time when the people had not been swayed by their
passions, and when they had not been led astray
by artful and interested demagogues? He believed
that our government was based on the only correct
principle, that the people are the source of political
power, and that there is an entire equality of politi-
cal rights among them. Farther than this he would
not go. There had been some opinions advanced
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ratiiritv]
who addressed the House a few days ago on this
subject, and by his honorable colleague [Mr. Kk\--
nfov] who addressed them yesterday, from which
he must express his entire, dissent. There weie
doctrines advanced by those gentlemen which struck
at the foundations of our government, and, indeed,
of all social systems, and the principles they avowed
would, if carried out, overturn the fair fabric of our
liberties, which had been cemented by the blood of
our fathers. What were these principles? The
gentleman from New York said that the people of
Rhode Island had exercised only the right which
the God of nature gave them; ond that, in at-
tempting to onstrnet and overturn the government
"W luch existed under the charter of King Charles
II, they exercised only the right which the
God of nature gave them." His honorable
colleague [Mr. Kenxf.dy] said yesterday that "he
regarded the right of suffrage as a natural
right." Now, if the right of suffrage was
a natural right—if the God of nature had
conferred the rights of suffrage on the whites—
where did the gentleman find any thing in the
•law of nature and the law of God, withholding
that right from the negroes?- If by the law of
nature and the law of God, the people of one
portion of the country can overturn their govern-
ment, and adopt a new one, where did the gentle-
man find the authority to exclude from political
rights the negroes of South Carolina and Virginia?
If these were natural rights, he asked where the
gentleman found the doctrine that they only com-
menced when the subject was twenty-one years of
age? Why should not these rights commence
when he was twenty, or eighteen years of age?
Where did the gentleman find the authority which
denied to females, the fairest portion of God's crea-
tion, the exercise of these rights? Nature never in-
tended to confer on man. natural rights which she.
did not confer on that portion of the creation which
we are all bound to regard with" reverence and re-
spect. If he understood the position which the con-
stituents of these democratic members of the Rhode
Island legislature assumed, it was that the people
had the right at any time to assemble together and
change their form of government. This was a doc-
trine from which he dissented in toto. As some
allusion had been made to the declaration of inde-
pendence, he would say that he was not disposed to
regard it as a mere abstraction; but that he regard-
ed it as a declaration of fundamental truths that
would last as long as civilization existed. [Here
Mr. S. read some extracts from that instrument,
which the reporter has not at hand to quote.]
These democratic members of the Rhode Island le-
gislature had made an important discovery; and, in
doing so, had manifested a degree of intelligence
very superior to that of the sages of the revolution.
They had discovered that a majority of the people
had the right to change their form of government at
their will and pleasure. Now, he would ask them,
where did they find, in the law of nature, and of
nature's God, an authority for the majority to gov-
ern the minority?
Mr. RATHBUN wished to inquire of the gentle-
man from Indiana where he found the law, or any
sort of law, which authorized a minority to impose
laws on the majority.
Mr. SMITH replied that he would come to that
presently; lie would not forget it. The minority
had just as good a right to rule the majority, as the
majority to rule the minority. The true doctrine
was, that government must exist by the consent of
the governed. There were certain natural rights
which belong to man, and were inalienable; and
these were the rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness; but the right of universal suffrage, the
right to hold office, &c., were political rights, only
existing at the will of the government. sBut to re-
turn to the position that the right of the people to
change their form of government was derived from
the God of nature. Let him ask the gentleman if
the God of nature ever recognised the artificial lines
which divided the State of Rhode Island; if so, ac-
cording to their doctrine, every county in the State
would have the right to institute a new government.
Let him ask the gentleman if, in South Carolina,
where a large majority of the people are colored, if
the doctrine of the persecuted patriots of Rhole
Island was correct, the people were to assemble for
the purpose of instituting a new government, would
they be exercising a right which the God of nature
gave them? Nov/, (said Mr. S.) when we talk
about the people, we do not mean white people ex-
clusively, for negroes are people, as it is generallv
conceded that they are human beings; and when a
majority of the people meet together, have not the
coloied race (if they are in the majority) the same
rights derived from the God of nature" to chanee
their form of government as the whites?
Put he would present anotherquestion, Suppose a
majority of the people of the United States should,
by meeting together in political meetings, dis-
pense witn the State governments, and absolutely
destroy them: would they have the right to do that?
Was there any gentleman there who would contend
that that was one the rights of the people' But fur-
tiier: aid the people of this ten miles square enjoy
these natural rights; and if not, why not? Was it
because they were organized under a peculiar form
of government, that they were debarred the participa-
tion in these natural rights? And he would ask if
a majority of the people of the District of Colum-
bia should meet together, and resohe that the lep-is-
, on ,of V""?1'088 was oppressive, would they
have the right to throw of that government under
which they now lived? Such a doctrine, he was
