386
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
institution were, w the first place, that it required a
very large expenditure of money; and in the next
place, the small amount of benefit derived from it,
especially m times of danger. He Would, with the
permission of the House, give the outlines of a
plan that he would propose for the reorganization of
the West Point Academy, and he believed that thatt
plan, or something like it, would meet with the ap-
probation of gentlemen on both sides. His propo-
sition was, that the government should employ and
pay a sufficient number of professors for the insti-
tution—the appointments to be made by the Secre-
tary or War; that the school to b'e thrOWrt orifen to
the whole country, and that those Who chose to
give their sons a military education, should have
liberty to send them there, the students paying their
own board and tuitiqp fees; but as the professors
f y government, these tuition
i proportionably low. He would pro-
f ■,?at the government should give the
use of the buildings at West Point to those profes-
sors, together with the use of the library, and phi-
losophical apparatus now there; and should also
K°,vv,!e r^mt?rur>&c- He had mention.
, ^ sald) t0 several fttemters, and
had thought of preparing a bill to carry it out; but
fearing that it might not be acceptable, he had
^ST.I1 wit dlS?Pr0bat^n oF if> & proceeding
befL^, u i 6r ^e would add"
hiXfr,, ? hlfs3«tot o«e of the members of
Committee had prepared a bill
but tW gin mfenal changes in the institution;
Mt meet hls aPP">bation.
11 • f JfeH observed that he would not consider a
postponement of the bill as a test of the sense of
rVamM!.6-1" '° th<S pkn of the gentleman
om Mississippi. However that might be, the ques-
noi nmv T maklllg wopriationa for the sup-
m and not 0" reforming it.
fKAY hoped his friend from Mississippi
would not now press his proposition; but let the bill
making appropriations for the support of the acad-
S ^Tr "S co<irse' Hc was ilow, and always had
Zr.?f ®vei7 material alteration in the or-
 C ™?,°n ° institution. He did not think that
° lerlll ent should educate more young men
,i n were necessary to fill the annual vacancies in
,mwanyy' ■ i Was beyond disPute>  hat the number
"ow educated was more than the average annual
vacancies m the army required; and hence the num-
ber ot supernumerary second lieutenants—which he
now soniething like 70, and would be
piobably 30 more the next year. This, liovever,
did not present the true state of ehe question. In a
single year m consequence of an order issued
from the War Department, that all the officers
who were m the civil service of the railroad
and canal companies &c., should join their
respective regimeijts, there were upwards
of one hundred resignations. Now, if these resig-
nations had not taken place, the army would have
been overloaded with supernumery second lieu-
tenants. ' He was for reducing the number of
cadets, but at the same time, would make a pro-
vision by which parents amd guardians should have
the privilege of sending their sons and wards there to
be educated, at their own expense. This (Mr. M said)
was the system adopted in Great Britain; and it ap-
peared, by a document he had in his hand, that there
were three hundred and twenty gentlemen cadets
and fifteen officers educated at the English Mil-
itary Academy, at a much less expense than it re-
quired to educate two hundred and twenty cadets at
West Point. He agreed with much of what had
been said by the gentleman from Connecticut, Mr.
Sftmobr, that it would be ail amelioration of our
military service, to open the door of promotion to
meritorious non-commissioned officers and privates.
Under the present system, no man who was a non-
commissioned officer or private, however meritorious,
fcal the least chance of promotion. It was true that
there were instances of such men getting commis-
sions, but they were very rare; and the consequence
was, that the ranks of the army were filled with
some of the worst men in the country, and deser-
Aii PJ5va^ed to an enormous extent.
r.n^WwTr here Save. from the documents, the
i annual desertions, from the year 1830 to
IMS, showing m wmpt of one thousand, H«
would notnow, however, enlarge on this subject, but
would reserve his remarks till the bill for reorgan-
izing the academy, which he understood was to be
reported by the Military Committee, should come
m. He wished to make one remark before
concluding. It could not, he supposed, be
the object of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. HaIe,] to abolish the academy
at once. He thought that the young; men
who were now there should be retained til J their
educations were completed. And again: what was
to becofflfc of the buildings? and what was to become
of the professors? If a majority of the House-was
disposed to abolish the institution, he submitted to
gentlemen whether it would not be better to do it
gradually. Let the young men there complete their
educations. Let the appropriations be made for the
support of the academy for the present year; and,
as was well remarked by the gentleman from New
York, if any important reduction should take place,
the money would not be drawn from the treasury.
"While Up, he would further remark that there
was an appropriation in the bill of $15,000 for the
building of barracks, which he did not believe wduld
be wanted for the present year, as 110 plan had yet
been adopted for tlieir construction; and he would
therefore, when the bill came into the House, move
to strike it out.
Mr. C. JOHNSON observed that there was no
certainty that the bill to be reported by the Military
Committee, which the gentleman referred to, would
be reached this session; and he was therefore for ef-
fecting a reform, now that the subject was before
them. He would, therefore, suggest to the gentle-
man from New Hampshire to withdraw his amend-
ment, and submit another, to the following effect:
That no money appropriated in this bill, or here-
after to be appropriated, shall be applied to the pay-
ment of any cadet hereafter to be appointed; and the
terms of service of those who have warrants now
in the academy shall be held to cease from and after
four years from the time of their respective appoint-
ments.
The limitation of this appropriation now, would
put an end to the academy, unless the House would
acton the propositions which would be heieafter
made. He was satisfied it ought to be abolished,
and he would at once abolish it, but for the remarks
of his friend from North Carolina; he therefore
hoped his friend from New Hampshire would adopt
the suggestions which had been made.
Mr. EDWARD J. BLACK said all the invec-
tive which had been delivered before the House for
the last few days against this institution, passed
him just as similar invectives against the navy, with
which they had been favored, particularly during
this session, passed him. He looked upon them as
a mere expenditure of threats, made, he presumed,
for home consumption, in particular parts of the
country. Nothing had been produced there to in-
duce him to vote for the abolishing of this institu-
tion, which had heretofore been deemed absolutely
necessary to the efficiency of the army. If the
chairman of the Military Committee should advise
that there were too many cadets at this institution
for the benefit of the country and the necessities of
the army, he should be prepared to vote for reason-
able reductions; but they were told that they must
abolish the institution, by way of reforming it; and
for this he was not prepared. Of this character were
the propositions to reform the state of army at the
last Congress; but after going with the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. C. Johnson] for a ]yro rata re-
duction of the army, when they got to the second regi-
ment of dragoons, aproposition was made to abolish
it. This was reforming with a vengeance, and he
should not vote for such "reforms." "Retrench-
ment," "reductions," and "reform," were words
which were very much prostituted in this country.
He proceeded to contend that the Military Acad-
emy was necessary to the efficiency of the army; and
while he was ready to correct its abuses, he was not
willing to vote for its destruction; nor was he willing
so to "reform" it, as to make it the resort of "gen-
tlemen cadets," alone, to the exclusion of the
sons of the poor, though deserving.
^ Mr. HARALSON—the chairman of the Military
Committee—intimated that that committee would
propose some reductions in the number of cadets;
and when that proposition came before the House'
these amendments could be appropriately offered.'
The proposition would be made to reduce the num-
ber of the cadcts to the wants of the army. But this j
appropriation should now be made; and if, by any
reductions hereafter made, it should be found mora I
than adequate to the wants of the institution, the
balance would remain in the treasury, and would
not be lost to the country.
He explained the circumstances under which, in
1836, some persons educated as cadets at West
Point became civil engineers, and accepted employ-
ment on projected lines of railroad; and asserted that
no class of our countrymen were more ready to obey
the call of their country, in any exigency which
might arise.
Mr. FICKLIN was not satisfied with the reasons
which had been given for the perpetuation of this
institution, and contended that it was a corrupt and
rotten institution, which should be r'eformed at
once; and for that purpose .he hoped the House
would withhold this appropriation.
He had listened to the apology or excuse ren-
dered by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, for the cadets who resigned in 1836. And
what was that excuse? Why, forsooth, though
they had been educated at the government expense,
yet, because they could get better pay by embark-
ing in other pursuits, they deserted the service of
the country which had educated them, and prepared
them for her service. He did not intend to detain
the committee at present, but he must be per-
mitted to say to those who were in favor of wind-
ing up the concern, that they ought not to vote an
appropriation of a single dollar to that institution,
unless the same bill contained a provision, in lan-
guage as emphatic as it could be made, declaring
that this odious, detestable, and aristocratic institu-
tion, shall be brought to a close. If it did not cost
this government a s:ngle dollar, he would still be un-
willing that it should be kept up. He was not wil-
ling that the. door of promotion should be shut
against the honest and deserving soldier, and that a
few dandies and band-box heroes, educated at that
institution, should enjoy the^monopoly of all the
offices.
Mr. P. adverted to the present condition of the
army. It was filled up, he said, by foreigners. Na-
tive Americans, to whom they should naturally
look as the defenders of the country, were deterred
from entering it. It would be well, he thought, to
have a committee of investigation, that the secrets
of the prison-house might be disclosed, and its
abuses brought to light.
Mr- BLACK inquired whether there was more
than one amendment pending, as he was desirous of
offering one.
The pending amendment was reported by the
Clerk, being the amendment offered by Mr. Hale.
Mr.' G. DAYIS rose, and observed that what he
intended to say should be very brief. If there were
abuses, let them be remedied. He was for reforma-
tion, not for desolation. He considered this a most
important institution, as far as national defence was
concerned. He believed there was no nation of
Europe which did not possess an institution of this
kind; and if such institutions were necessary in Eu-
rope, they were more so in this country. If it were
desirable to cherish a military spirit in this coun-
try, a proper academy of education was indispensa-
ble.
Mr. D. took occasion to speak of the services per-
formed by Lieutenant Hanson, of this city, in terms
of high commendation.
Mr. BLACK said he desired to offer an amend-
ment protective of the bill, before the amendment of
the gentleman from New Hampshire, which was
destructive of the bill, was voted upon.
The amendment was read, as follows:
"Strike out all after 'all,' and insert 'cadets grad-
uated at West Point Military Academy shall, if re-
quired, serve in their proper grade as officers in the
army of the United States at least for and during
the term of ten years after their respective gradua-
tions, unless permitted by the President of the Uni-
ted States to be temporarily absent from such ser-
vice; and that any and every cadet within the terms
of their enactments who shall contravene the same,
shall be deemed and held to be a deserter."
Mr. HARALSON observed that the amendment
was almost precisely similar to the law as it now
stands.
Mr. HALE said that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Georgia would seem to imply that there
were not officers enough; whereas the truth was
there were more than enough. The difficulty was,
there were already too many. The Army Register
showed a list already of seventy supernumeraries;
and more were being turned out upon us every
yw, The gentleman from New York ted l!Wia a
