40ft
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
for their passage. Hepointed out to me a man, rather an elder-
ly looking man; I afterward found out his name to be Willidm
Stewart, from himself. I asked the c eric of the boat if he had
a list of their names. He said yes; there lay a paper on his
desk. I asked if that was the one. He said it was. 1 then
took it in my hand, and then laid it dowu-again, aslthought u
would not be prudent to open it, as 1 had picked it up of my
own accord. I then went to several of the men, and asked them
a great many questions; where they lived. They all said (that
I talked with, but two exceptions) that they were citizens of
Louisville, Kentucky; the other two lived in Indiana, one rn
JefFersonville, the other in Indianapolis. These men on board
of the Pike (with hut few exceptions) seemed to be a set of cut-
throats and ruffians. One of them was pointed out to me by
one of the head officers of the boat, who observed that, while
he (the officer) was lathering his face, that fellow stole his razor.
And another one was pointed out to me by a whig passenger,
who obseived ihat he was sold under the vagrant act at St.
Louis for six bits. I then called on an individual on boaid ol
Baid boat, (Pike.) -who belonged to the steamboat Mail, by
the name of Robert Edmason, a nephew of mine, and ask-
ed him what he was doing on the Pike, and why he was
not on the steamboat Mail. He observed that he. had stay-
ed at Cincinnati to vote, and was then going to his home, which
is about six miles from Warsaw, in Kentucky. I asktd hnn
why he would vote in Ohio, or any where else, when lie wei!
knew he was not old enough. He said he knew that. lacked
him if he swore to his vote He. said he was too smart format;
he said when he was in LouisvUle that yonder man (pointing to
William Stewart) came to him on the wharf at Louisville and
offered him and another mana dollar apiece per day, and pay
their expenses to Cincinnati and back,if th4? would go and frote
the whig ticket. And after chatting some time with said Stew
art. he (Edmason) said he would see him (Stewart) damned
first, befoie he would vote for money; but that they both be-
longed to the steamboat Mail, and were going to Cincinnati, and
intended to vote the whig ticket. I asked Edmason if he voied
the whig ticket, and he said he did. I then asked-the said Ed-
mason to give me all the names that he knew ihat had voted
illegal votes; to which he refused, stating as his reason that, if
lie did that, they would take his lile; and that he was afraid to,
and did not wish to be biought Into any scrapes about the elec-
tion; that they were a set of swindlers and cutthroats, and
wo'ud steal the coat off a man's back.
Some time afier dinner, for the first time, I saw the man
(Stewart) alone, who had been, thiough the day, sitting with the
men. It was just before we arrivdd at Aurora, or Rising Sun,
I think the former; and some of the persons on board had paint-
ed or marked on aboard the whig majority m Hamilton county
and city of Cincinnati 1 stepped up to him ami remarked,
that we soon would have a fine huzza; and m a few moments,
the persons on the shore, at the before mentioned town, saw the
result of the vote on the boaid, and raised a tremendous huzza.
He remarked to me, at the same time, and said, is it not a great
victory to beat such a scoundrel and villain as Duncan? I ob-
served, that I thought that the party hftd gone to greater lengths
to beat Duncan than any one of the party. lie said yes; for he
was the greatest scoundrel in the world, as well as I lecollect,
I at that moment laid my hand on his shoulder and} observed,
Old fellow, if it had not have been for you, that we never would
ofbeat them in the world. To which he replied, beat indeed!
No indeed, said he, if it had not of been for the votes that I earned
to Cincinnati, that Duncan would of beaten them to death. 1
asked him, how m the devil did you manage sa as not to be
found out1? What ward didthey vote in? lie lemarked, that
he divided thorn out, and carried seven or eight at a time, and
voted in different wards, and his friends helped him, and a por-
tion of them voted in the third ward. I asked him if he carried
as many as eighty or a hundred; and he remarked, that he car-
ried more than either; and remaiked more than once ihat lie
carried more than Pendleton's majority. And, I suppose, there
was eighty or a hundred on boaid that day, and, probably, over
that number.
Stewart also Informed that he was the man that beat Merry-
wether, in Jefferson county, Kentucky, who ran, at the August
election, for a seat in the legislature of Kentucky. I asked him
how he managed. He told me that he took the men from the
city of Louisville, and carried them to Six Mile island, and there
kept them several days, and eat, drank, and slept with them,
until Monday of the election, and then carried them over into
Jefferson county, and there got them to vote, and in that way he
beat Merrywether. He also stated that the whigs did not ireat
him well at Cincinnati; for they did not give him but seventy-
five dollars to pay the men with I asked him who gave him
that. He said that the Tippecanoe club gave it to him, of Cin-
cinnati. And he remaiked, that he had paid out ten dollars of
his own money, and that he could not pay (hem off until h got
to Louisville. I asked him if they weie a making any noise
about their pay, asd he said no; that he had ju-H been below and
treated them to a dollar's worth of dunk. He also stated that he
never eat until they eaf lfe also st.iiert that they eat in the cab-
in, and part of them slept in the c<ibm and part on dock. He
told me that he know how many men it would take, ai d ih«y
were determined to have them. 1 noticed, at dinner, \\ I,en the
men came (o the tahie, that u was easy to distingu:-h them
hom the rest of the passengers, or,tin lis, tlx <mosf of thorn.
Mr. Shephard of this p'ace, the editor of the Wars-ow Patriot,
a decided whig [taper, and as much <>o -my in ihe Pute, wui
on board, and 1 called on him to notice the men, arid called h s
attention to a gieat many of the circnmst mres herein detailed.
And I do further state, ihat I went to thp house wlteie r*hej 
hard stopped, wi'h an officer, on this day, for the puipo*e nf
brinsins said Shephard be'ore the justice for the purpose of
taking his deposition, but he could not hp found.
The said Stewart informed ine that he would have no ilfficulty
in setting the money on his arrival at L )iravilie. I as-ke<i him
if they did pay him well f. r Ins tiouh;e He sanl he did i.ot
charge anything, only his money b-'ck; thdtwh.it he done he
done free o r-h irge Tasked him ho ft* many w. em up on the>tpam
boat Mad; I think he told me between eighty ar<1 one himdied.
I a«ked him who had chaige of tho*e on the Mail, and he in-
formed mp. that Russell had; and 1 think he -said Captain Re-
sell. I asked him ifihey nwore the men that he earned op to
vote, and he 'old me nearly all of them He told me that he
told them, when they came on boaid the boat at Louisville,
what they should have if they voted, and if they ihd n<u vote,
they well knew whan hey would get. Ami futther this t'epo-
pent saith not.
JEFFERSON PEAK,
Sworn to and subscribed before usj.this 3d day of December,
184°' B.TILLER, J P.O. C.
JAS. F. BLA.NTON, J. P. G. C.
Commonwealth of Kentucky, Gallatin county, set:
The foregoing dep osition of.Jefferson Peak was this day taken,
subscribed, and sworn to by the said Jtfferson Peak, before the
undersigned, two of the Commonwealth justices of the peace
within and for the county of Gallatin, State of Kentucky, at the
time and place, and for the purpose stated in the caption th®*6*
of, and the nonce hereunto annexed. The said Jefferson Peak
being duly sworn, and the question propounded, did ln.our
preseijce, write with his own hand, the said foregoing depo
Given under our hands and seals this 3d day of December) A
D., 1840.
B.TILLER, J P.G C [seal}
JAS. F. BLANTON, J. P. G. C. l^EAL ]
But as I have said those frauds were not confined
to Hamilton county, they were wide spread, and
never can be but partially exposed. I hold in my
hand an expose of the frauds practised in Philadel-
phia, as corrupt and as alarming as those which 3
have partially exposed, as practised in Hamilton
county. I also hold in my hand the Gientworth
frauds as practised in New York, which can only be
equalled in infamy by those which I have named.
■ The limits of a speech will not permit any thing
more than a mere synopsis of those frauds. I will
ask the clerk to read some extracts exposing the
more glaring abuses practised in Philadelphia. 1
will also ask the clerk te read some short extracts of
the Gientworth frauds in New York. The clerk
read them.*
Mr. Speaker, I have nothing to say of the politi-
cal crime, and moral depravity involved in holding
a seat on this floor, obtained by such means as those
disclosed by these reports, only so far as I and my
constituents are concerned. The individuals who
it is said were returned to this House by this sys-
tem of fraud, were Charles Naylor of Philadelphia;
Edward Curtis, Moses Grinnell, Ogden Hoffman,
and James Monroe of New York; and N. G. Pen-
dleton of Ohio. How many more have been returned
I know not, nor is it my present purpose to inquire,
(except as to the member from Ohio.) Of them I leave
others to speak, with the single remark, that present
honor gained by such frauds and treason will be future
infamy and contempt. But I repeat, that I have
something to say of these frauds as connected with
those I have the honor to represent. The people
of the first congressional district of Ohio had no
representative in the 27th Congress of their choice.
N. G. Pendleton, esq. of Cincinnati, bore the gover-
nor's certificate, w ith the broad stal of Ohio; and by
virtue of that certificate and broad seal he appeared and
took his seat here: but he was no representative
of the people of the district which the broad stal
represented him to be. He was the representative
of a minority of the people of the first congressional
district o Ohio, and rufhans, thieves, and cut-throats
of Kentucky, and of other States and counties
without the districtof his residence; and if Mr. Pen-
dleton held a sea here, Knowing those facts, he
held it in the guilt o :treason and in the crime
perjury. He may not have known them, though
every body else in the world beside knew them
Mr. Pendleton, in all the frauds, perjuries, briberies,
and treasons which characterized the elections o
1840, all over the Union, but more especially in the
Ohio first congressional district, may have been a
political automaton, or mere man-machine, and, like
Balaam's ass, moved merely as he was kicked into
passive action and obedience. If so, he must be
discharged from any imputation of immorality or
crime, and the charge placed to his stupidity. 1
undertake to say there was not one dollar short of
fifty thousand expended in and out of Hamilton
eounly, to secure the election of the whig candidate
of that district; and no man who has a character for
truth and veracity, and who wishes to maintain that
character, and who is acquainted with the circumstan-
ces, will undertake to deny that assertion. That
vast sum was expended m consummation of the
frauds which you have seen and heard disclosed.
Mr. Pendleton may not ha"\e advanced one dollar,
nor one mill, of ali that sum. Though one of the
richest men in the city of Cincinnati, or the State of
Ohio, himself, and more immediately interested than
all others, he mc«y not have advanced one dollar lo
secure his own election, which was secured by a
system of swindling which no agency but money
would have secured, and no sum less than that which
I have named would have been sufficient; yet, I
repeat, he may not have advanced one dollar for
'The.Philadelphia and New York frauds are not inserted
fox w ant ul room.
such an infamous purpose, to secure such an infa-
mous end. The liberality of his federal party
friends, in their zeal to overthrow the democratic
party, and to defeat the democratic candidate, may
have done all without his knowledge, and without
his pecuniary assistance. That position is hard to
believe. Mr. Pendleton was in the centre of all
he cavalcades, coon conventions, and drunken orgies
which disgraced Hamilton county, demoralized so-
ciety, and debased the character of civilized man;
and it is difficult to believe (and almost irreconcila-
oly so) that he could have known nothing of the
frauds and the means by which his election was to
be secured.
Mr. Pendleton is in a dilemma; he may hang to
which horn he pleases,' or on whichever his friends
please to hang him. He must either stand charged
with jaehassical stupidity, which, if true, rendered
him unfit for a seat m this hall, as the representative
of any party, or anybody, even the cut-throats,
thieves, and ruffians of Kentucky; or, on the other
hand, if he knew of, and participated in, the frauds
by which he was elected, or gave countenance to
them, or aided them by pecuniary means, he was
unfit to hold a place here or elsewhere, except on
the gibbet, due to the traitor, or m a cell within tha
gloomy walls of a penitentiary, due to perjury. I
invent nothing; I have presented the evidence as it
came to me—as I received it from the highest tribu-
nal in our State. I draw no other conclusions than
every person, bound and governed by correct prin-
ciples of morality and patriotism, must draw. For
myself, I declare, in presence of my Maker and this
assembly, to whom I am responsible here, and to
whom I must answer hereafter for every idle and
profane word spoken, that I know of no crime or
crimes in my State which would consign me, hand-
cuffed and shackled, to the penitentiary and to eter-
nal infamy, in the commission of which I would
feel more degraded in the estimation of man, more
wounded in my own conscience, and more offensive
before God, than those by which I believe Mr.
Pendleton held a seat in this hall. I mean the
crimes of bribery and treason by which his certifi-
cate was purchased, and the perjury which was com-
mitted in the oath which he took at the threshold of
his representative duties, to support the constitution,
which constitution he violated by taking his seat
here, and which he continued to violate every min-
ute—every moment—while he occupied it. Still, of
all this, I repeat, Mr. Pendleton may have been in-
noeent. It is not for mc to judge, nor do I feel at
liberty to judge. Human judgment, I suppose, is a
voluntary act, and the power under our control; or
why should the Supreme Judge of the universe
have ordered us to "judge not lest ye be judged."
Knowledge is founded on the evidence of things
seen, and therefore is not to be controlled by either
the mind or the will. Faith and belief are conclu-
sions we draw from the evidence of things not seen,
and are irresistible. Faith and belief are not con-
trolled by the will, hence the maxim, "we are bound
to believe.'1'' So it is with those who witnessed the
election frauds of 1840, in Hamilton county, to se-
cure the certificate of election to Mr. Pendleton.
They are bound, irresistibly to believe that he had
some hand in them, and consequently guilty to the
same extent of the moral and political crimes which
I have attached to him, or any one holding a seat
here under such circumstances.
Let no one charge me with taking advantage of
parliamentary privilege, or of the high mountain^,
broad valleys, and wide rivers v. hirh seven hundred
miles distance interposes between me and Mr. Pen-
dleton and his friends. I have taken 110 such ad-
vantage. I hold myself responsible in my individual
capacity for all 1 Say here or elsewhere, whether m
a puvate or representative capacity: and moreover,
1 repeatedly, and to assembled hundreds, and as-
sembled thousands, in every part of Hamilton coun-
ty, and within hearing of Mr. Pendleton's door, (if
not in his presence, it -\vas because he would not
come to hear mc,) made all the charges, and m as
strong terms, and with similar language as I am now
doing, both against Mr. Pendleton and his active
partisans; and I shall continue to do so at home and
elsewhere, so lone as the crimes, frauds, briberies,trea-
sons, and corruptions of 1840 shall stick to his and
their skirts, and cover their entire oarrasscs. I fear
no accountability; 1 speak nothing but the truth; I
have the ability to maintain it. i\;y constituents ex-
pert me to speak the truth, and the whole truth, and
they know I will speak it so as t® be understood.
No speech or saying of mine shall ever lose force, if
