March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
it have any, from want of strong language; I like te
call fhings by their proper names.
Mr. Speaker, I was as much the legal and consti-
tutional representative of the people of the first con-
gressional district in the 27th Congress as I am of
this. I was elected in 1840 by a majority of more
than five hundred of the legal voters of that district,
and yet the returns showed a majority against me
of one hundred and sixty votes, such were
the numbers of imported voters—such the num-
ber of pipelayers, such the frauds. This
statement may be called bold; if so, there, is
not an intelligent and true democrat in Hamilton
county, but what will make or endorse it. I make
it as well from a conscientious belief, as a knowl-
edge of its truth. This knowledge and belief, with
me, is founded on facts that came under my own
knowledge and observation—on the facts which
this journal discloses, a small part of which has
been read to you—on the fact that, prior to the day
of election, several of the wards in the city of Cin-
cinnati were polled; every whig and democratic
voter having a right to vote was counted by a
committee for that purpose; and "in every ward
which was polled, the ballot-box showed the demo-
cratic vote to be almost precisely what the poll had
shown it; but in every ward the ballot-box showed
an increase of whig votes, over that polled, from fifty
to two hundred and fifty. In 1840, there were but few
changes in Hamilton county: some who acted with
the democratic party turned to the whig side;
some who had acted with the whigs turned to the
democratic side. I believe the majority of changes
were in favor of the democracy. But little was
gained to either party by changes. But I ask your
attention to another fact in support of tM!s assertion,
and that is this—:that in the last congressional con-
test, the democratic majority was one thousand and
fourteen; and yet, owing to the absence of the ex-
citement necessary to bring out the democratic
voters, the aggregate democratic vote was near one
thousand less than it was in 1840, though in that
year the democracy were defeated one hundred and
sixty votes; all of which shows, most conclusively,
that the whig ticket in 1840 was carried by the im-
portation of foreign voters, to the number of more
than seven hundred, in violation of the constitution,
the election laws, the people's rights, and the elec-
tive franchise. And if there were no other frauds
disclosed in that shameful, reckless, and villanous
campaigri of 1840, those alone are sufficient to im-
pose upon us the duty of passing this bill into a
law; but I repeat, that I have no time to expose the
wide-spread corruptions of that election, alike in
their tendencies fatal to the morals of society, as
destructive ta the free institutions of our country.
I have been asked a thousand times, by letter and
otherwise, by those who were made acquainted with
the frauds practised in Hamilton county, why I did
not appear here, and contest Mr. Pendleton's seat.
There were two reasons, either of which was suffi-
cient in itself. First, J was too proud to do it. Sec-
ond, my constituents were too proud to permit me
to do it. I was too proud to ask redress at the hands
of a whig House, whose hatred for me I knew only
to be commensurate with my hatred for them. I
speak politically. I wa« too proud to ask an inves-
tigation at the hands of a whig House, who I
knew possessed neither the magnanimity, generos-
ity, or justice to do that which the most indisputa-
ble evidence should have demanded. I was too
proud to appear before a jury for the redress of a
wrong and a violence, many of whom I knew were
the very inventers and workers of that very organ-
ized system of swindling by which that wrong and
that violence were effected. I was too proud to ask
any favor, or. even justice, at the hands of my en-
emies; and I was too proud to apply to a House for
the redress of a violence, knowing, as I did, that
more than one-half of its members held their seats
by virtue of the same system of frauds by which I
was deprived of mine. My constituents were too
proud to permit me to ask for the. redress of a vio-
lence which they had the power themselves to re-
dress, and which violence they have redressed—
though that redress would have been much more
triumphant, could they have provoked Mr. Pendle-
ton to have been the opposing candidate; but into
that he was neither to be kicked nor coaxed, be-
cause (as the rude democrats said) his vanity and
ambition had cost him too much already. The
democrats say (and I have never heard a whig deny
it) that he paid £20,000 for three letters of the al-
phabet, to the end that he might have a title prefixed
to his name. Well, I know no reason why a man
(26)
may not purchase a title in this country as well as
in any other; and he may place that title at the head
or tail of his name, as his own fancy or his taste
may dictate. But $20,000 is a big price to pay for
two consonants and one vowel, which, in their or-
der, are to be placed H-O-N, to give them their
most potent meaning; and that meaning may con-
vey honor or disgrace. Nor does the price augment
the honor, or diminish the disgrace. If he who pos-
sesses them procured them in an honorable way, or
if they have been awarded as the price of intelli-
gence, patriotism, and virtue, they are but the evi-
dence of merit due to him who wears them; but if
thjy have been purchased at the expense of virtue
and patriotism, and in the commission of treason,
bribery, and perjury, they should be, and will be,
worn as a mark of disgrace and infamy. I leave
Mr. Pendleton and his Kentucky cut-throat ruffian
and thieving constituents to decide the question.
Mr. Speaker, it is a divine truth, and is re-
garded as a maxim far and wide as civilized society,
that "evil should not be done that good may come of it,"
When the moral part of the community in 1840 re-
monstrated against the means which were resorted
to by the federal party to overthrow the democracy,
the universal answer was, that "the end justifies the
•mean." Now, sir, I wish to say something about
the means that were used, and the end effected by
the means; and T think I will be able to show that
the end was worthy of the means, and the means
worthy of the end, and that they were both worthy
of each other.
This government has been in existence something
more than half a century under its present organi-
zation. There are members in this House who are
seniors of this government. For forty years of its
whole existence it has been under democratic ad-
ministration; and although it has, for the balance
of the time, and at two different times, been frostbitten
and-withered by federal administration, yet its prog
resshas been onward—onward. From the time ofits
commencement, up to 1840 inclusive, it presented a
progress in civilization which can challenge the his-
tory of nations, literature, philosophy, agriculture,
mechanics, and general science, and every improve-
ment that characterizes civilized man, had advanced
with a rapidity of which the history of the world
shows no example. The progress of commerce,
science, literature, and refinement, of the republics
of Carthage, of Greece, and of Rome, has employed
a thousand pens, and has been sung by ten thou-
sand tongues, in description and praise. The same
progress and advancement of the European govern-
ments have exhausted eulogy, and almost con-
founded wonder; and yet the advancement of the
republic of the United States, in every characteristic
of civilization, human happiness, and national great-
ness, has been more in naif a century than theirs
has been in five hundred years. The savage
wilderness has been tamed, and the wild man has fled.
The widespread and dense wildernesses that once
made the earth groan with their native growth, have
been converted into highly cultivated farms, and now
groan with the rich productions of the hand of in-
dustry. The broad rivers which (many of them)
were agitated but by the winds and the bark canoe
of the savage, now bear on their bosoms thousands
of steamboats, laden with the rich productions
of happy freemen, and command the tempest and
defy the waves. The canvass of our commercial
ships whitens every ocean, every sea, and every bay.
The American flag is displayed in every civilized
port in the world. The face of our continent is
checkered with turnpikes, railruidp, and canals; our
hills are made to yield their valuable timbers, and
our mountains to give up their rich minerals. Cities,
great towns, beautiful and pleasant villages, dot the
face of the continent. Houses of worship, colleges
of science, seminaries of learning, and school-houses
of common education, temples of justice, as well as
theatres of innocent amusement, adorn almost every
city, town, and village, on our continent. Peace,
plenty, and happiness, overspread the land, and
cheerfulness beams from every countenance. In-
dustry isresoected, industry rewarded, and industry
protected. In this prosperous and glorious career,
there was but one obstruction—and the. vas an
irresponsible corporate banking syetem which had
grown up, and which more of by-and-by, or some
other occasion; at present, I will pass it.
I lepeat that all this unexampled prosperity, this rapid ad-
vancement, this magical elevaiion of notional greatness, was
under the influence and auspices of democratic administianon
four-fifths ol the existence of this governmenr. But a strange
dream came over the people. They seem to have become sa-
tiated With prosperity, and to have grown weary with happi-
ness and good government,and theymust needs have a uchange "
Sir, 1 desire to dwell some little on that word "change." The
word change haa always a potent political word. It has ever
been the rallying word of the demagogue. Itiatheyelpet the
disappointed office-seeker. It has ever been so from the eom-
mncement of civilized government. It was the cry of change
that overthrew the first republican government that history
describes—I mean the government of thelsraelites. That was
a republican government, from the time of the conquest of .Ca-
naan; and although laws were proposed to the people through
Moses, yet no law was obligatory until it was received and
adopted by ihe voice or suffrage of the people. The Almighty
was their king, but not without their choice. He was repeat-
edly elected as such hy the suffrage 6f the people. Moses, al-
though generally regarded as the Israelitish legator, in his
time was nothing more than a mediator, or medium through
which the will, the wishes, and approbation of the Almighty
were communicated.
The Jewish government was established on thsse principles
which alone can make a people happy and independent. The
Jews were an agricultural people, and every man a freeholder;
and such were the restrictions on the alienation of landed
propei ty, that every Jew came into the world the owner of
jand, atid went out of the world the owner of land. It was a prom-
inent principle of the Jewish government to encourage agricul-
ture, and to foster i: above all other business or occupation; and,
so long as that policy remained, bo long it was retained in its
pi rmttiye simplicity—theie was no people on earth more happy
than were the Jews. But, in the course ol time, demagogues
and ambitious politicians grew up among them. They must
needs have a change. Though above all the people on earth,
they were not only blessed with the best government and the
richest land, but were daily furnished by the hand of the Al-
mighty; ihey were daily receiving the bounties of his goodness;
they had been delivered from Egyptian bondage by a miracu-
lous interposition of Divine Providence; and, when hotly pur-
sued by Pharaoh and his host, they had seen Moees, by divine
power, smite the Arabian gulf with a rod, divide the waters,
and roll back the mighty waves, through which they passed
dry-shod, while Phaiaoh and his host were drowned; when
on their way in the parched wilderness, they drank pure water,
which they had seen Moses draw from tl.e flinty rock by a
smi e of his rod; when they ahungered m the wilderness,
manna fell from heaven, ofwhich they ate iu gratitude ana
solemn thank?;—all these things were fresh m their recollec-
tion when they first attempted a.change;and that change was
to desert the sandard ol Moses, and the Almighty's protection,
and betake themselves to Aaton, and erect a golden calf, and
bestow on it the divine honors wnich were due to Him who had
delivered them from bondage, and fed them in the wilderness:
that was the first change The motives of the Jews in that
change weie of a character with those which moved a majori-
ty of the American people in 1840, when they deserted the dem-
ocratic s'andard and betook themselves to whigery. They
weie wont to erect a calf, too—not a calf to be made of gold,
but one to be made of shinplasteis; a kind of rae-tagandhob-
tail calf—a calf to be made with rags and lamp-black,-worthy
ofa lag-baron aristocracy. IJutJohn Tyler knocked that calf
on the head, thank God, as Moees did Aaro/Ps; for when he
(Moses) returned from the mount, he demolished Aaron's calf,
and reconciled the Almighty with the Jews, whose wrath had
been kindled against them for their idolatry.
But ere long corrupt politicians again sprang up, and denoun-
ced the government as weak and imbecile Demagogues and
lo.if' is multiplied, who, (m that country as in this, and every
other,) too laz.yto work and too proud to beg, determined to
live on the labor of otheis. Not content with that wise and
equitable system of government which distributed justiceand
equality to all, and made every Jew a constituent part of the
government—-made every Jew a landholder and a freeman;—
not content with that policy which made the Jews an agi icul*
tu-ral people, (for which they were peculiarly fitted, and to
which their country was peculiarly adapted,) they sought to
establish systems of inequality; to divert the public attention
from the humble, punctual, and frugal—though honorable—
pursuits of agriculture; and to adopt a system more in accord-
ancewith onen'.al grandeur: to this end, privileged ordersand
irresponsible institutions must be established—something like
the policy sought to be established in our country, which has for
its object the oppression of the many to enhance the interests of
the few,—I mean a high protective-tariff system—a credit sys-
tem—a banking system, and d shinpiasier currency,-—or, m
brief, a system by which swindlers may plunder honest men. No
other systems would divert and deceive the people from the pol-
icy and stern frugality which it was the constaat effort of Moses to
inculcate, and which the whole frame of government favored.
But the corrupt politicians and demagogues rung changt!
change! and a pomon of the people, who "had gradually become
coi rupted with oriental passions <md oriental grandeur, permit ltd
their patriotism to be shaken. They began "to think there was
something sublime man eastern c< uvt, which gave character
()i2"ity. show, and power, to a nation, wh'ch was incompatible
with a -i'T t le rfpuMicon' gov. ir.mer-t. The rage for change
e:>rtv<!. Thtyr-u^h ^au.urt. The show, the gaudy tinsel,
'he sp'endor and theluxunesot a court,captivated the rm'r ds,
blinded then undeietarding. <tnd vitiated fhrii la^s. 'f he dis-
i< mpoiprf for? chnnec srrcad moie and widtr. To have
a court, ihey must have t kine—not their fingal M< ses,or their
divine Deliveier any lot ger; *"it a temporal king, who could
b-siow bounties, ai d leceive fl ten"*5— a coui t, a king, nil lit &•
iv splendor,a central | ower, and asirongsovernment. Moses,
and a man called Samuel, who wa<? a successor of Mpses, te-
rivwia'ed againfta chauee of government, and represented,
m the stiorge&t possible terms, the dang rs and fatal eftecis of
eastern corruptions, eastern despotism, and eas ern bondage.
All (heir lemonstranee was m vain; a change they would
have; a temporal kn 2 they wouid have; an oriental court
and a military depositism they would have; and the Almighty
gave them, in his anger, a king, and all the rest soon follow-
ed. Haul was the first king under their new change.
lie governed well for a short time, but soon became des-
potic, and towards the Ja>t of his reign became msupport-
ably capricious was reject* d, and one David was
chosen m his place. David was a true patriot, a sincere friend
of his countiy, and aidemly devoted to is highest interests.
The country prospered under his adnfinistretion, though ori-
ental customs, and the military spirit of the people, eiew uik
der his reign, and, wiih these, mcreased.taxaiion. Solomon
succeeded David. lie ruled with moderation and wisdom at
first, but,towardsthe end of bis reign, becaire very tyrannical,
and laid heavy burdens upon his people. Oppression had a)*
