Congressional globe.
the United States for the purpose of cutting a canal
through a wilderness. He thought any legislative
action wottld be premature; ana amy expenditure
would be money thrown away on an illusory pro-
ject.
Mr. KING was one of those who advocated the
bill as originally reported; and in that shape would
have given it his support. He considered some of
the amendments offered as unnecessary. That of the
senator from North Carolina did not make the bill bet-
ter or stronger. It only made it on one point more
explicit. By the distribution act, grants to new States
were limited to 500,000 acres, and to Territories
when they became States, also 500,000 acres; in the
last case, it being specially provided that, in the
time intervening between the passage of said law and
the acknowledgment and reception of such Territory
as a State into the Union, any grant made should
be considered a portion of the 500,000 acres, and as
such, deducted when the arrived for conferring the
first grant. Thus the law, as it now stands, ren-
dered the amount of the senator from North Caro-
lina wholly unnecessary. Tffe proposition now be-
fore the Senate, does not confine itself to the 500,000
acres, but goes far beyond it. It is true that other
States have got more than the limitations allowed;
Ohio, for instance, got double, but it was first satisfac-
torily shown that it was really for the public benefit;
but on the other side, Alabama only got in real-
ity 100,000, the remaining 400,009 acres with
which she was charged going wholly to the
completion of a national work—the removal
of obstructions in the Tennessee river—from which
Alabama received no more benefit than any of the
adjoining States. With every wish to be liberal to
the Territory, he was not prepared to disturb the
original law, unless it was made apparent that doing
so would be for the general good, and for the ad-
vancement of the internal commerce of the Tereito-
ry. He was ready to give the land originally ask-
ed for by the bill, without the amendment of the
senator from North Carolina; because the law, as it
stood, would do all that the amendment proposed,
unless that law was repealed—which it would be, if
the amendment now proposed by the senator from
New York was agreed to. If that law was repealed
in regard to the Territory, it should be also repealed
in regard to other States where works, in a national
point of view, of far more importance, were at a
stand for want of means to proceed. If it was de-
sirable to give to Wisconsin eight or nine hundred
thousand acres of the public land, instead of
the 500,000 provided by the distribution act, why,
let it be so; but let it not be done in a way invidious
to any other State or Territory, where works of more
importance were required to be effected. He called
the attentions of senators to Forida, where there
was a work of far greater importance—the con-
necting of the Atlantic with the Gulf. This work
embraced our whole coating trade, and would be of
universal benefit. As the question now stood, he
felt bound to vote for the amendment offerred by the
senator from North Carolina.
Mr. TAP PAN said it was a strange mistake to call
tliis bill a grant to Wisconsin. If we read the bill it
would be found that it contained no grant to Wis-
consin. There was a slight leaning that way, per-
haps, in the clause respecting the repairs anc| to$s
of the canal. Wisconsin was to be ?,t the expense
of the repairs, and be restricted from imposing tolls.
This was an idle ar.4 inoperative provision, to re-
ouire Wisconsin, wlien she became a State, to keep
iis canal in repair. Who was to own the canaP
There was to be a great public work for the use of
the people of the United States, and yet it was to be
kept m repair by a Territory until the Territory
became a State, and then by the State. It was per-
fectly idle to require this from Wisconsin. If we
give the canal to Wisconsin, she will probably keep
i> in repair if she finds that it produces, h^r anything.
ut it was to belong to the United States; and though
it
But
we did not give it to Wisconsin, yet we provided
that she should keep it in repair. The canal was to
be constructed by the government, and was claimed
and retained a3 government property, and yet it was
to be built and kept in repair at the expense of Wis-
consin. Wisconsin was to be bound not to in-,
crease the tolls, and yet there was no. grar^ of the
property to her. These provisions, of th,e bill were
utterly futile and worthless.
Mr.'WQODBRIDGcE, though 'not as well versed
in biblical or scriptural knowledge as the honorable
senator from Ohio, recollected that portion which
says, "sufficient unto the dray is the evil thereof,'1
^hep Wisconsin came before us as a State, then the
whole matter would be in our own hands, and the
amount of tolls, and their manner of collection, easily
settled. He alluded as a precedent to the Cumber-
land road, the history of which was the same as
that of the proposed work now before the Senate;
the only difference being, that, for that work, mil-
lions were paid out  f the public treasury, while for
this there was not one cent required.
Mr. ALLEN thought that the vote should be
taken on the proposition now before the Senate, as
that would in a great measure determine the char-
acter of the bill. He had amendments to propose,
which would affect other portions of the bill, but
would defer doing so until the vote was taken.
Mr. WOODBURY understood that what origi-
nally appeared as an appropriation, now assumed
the form of a grant.
Mr. TALLMADGE explained. The word "grant"
was not in the bill. The word "appropriation" was in
every place substituted for it.
Mr. WOODBURY. Whether appropriation or
frant, it was much the same, as he understood it.
jy the bill, it was provided to grant alternate sec-
, tions extending a certain depth on both sides of the
rivers, under the idea that, by doing so, the reserved
portions would sell for double; but as there may be
a great portion sold, and it is proposed to grant other
sections in lieu of such for which no compensation
would be received, he could not agree to it, without
charging to the territory the land selected elsewhere,
aud asking the assent of the legislative assembly of
the territory.
Mr. WRIGHT was prevented, until this morn-
ing, from paying that attention to the bill which it
required; and he rose more for the purpose of ma-
king inquiries, than of advancing any decided opin-
ion. If his information was well founded, it was
provided by this bill to give alternate sections, being
two miles wide, and extending on both sides from
the mouth of each river to the point where the cana]
was to intersect. He had no knowledge himself of
what distance that would be; but, from inquiries
made of a gentleman well acquainted with the coun-
try, he was led to suppose that from the portage of
the Wisconsin river to the canal would not be much
less than two hundred miles; and from the portage
of the Fox river to the cn,nal about the same dis-
tance.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said the distance was not
so great; it was explicitly stated in the report fur-
nished by the War Department.
Mr. WRIGHT asked what distance it was.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE was not at that moment
prepared to say.
Mr. HAYWOOD said the distance withig- the
Territory of Wisconsin was 210 miles.
Mr. WRIGHT presumed that 210 miles was the
distance by survey, but not by the winding of the
stream, which would be the real distance for them
to consider. Those sections were also granted on
the borders of the different lakes in the route, except
Winnebago. Those sections of two miles in width,
and of the length described, are to be given on the
assumption that we retain in the reserved sections
the worth of bath. It was, he thought, necessary
to consider what work was to be done in return for
these large appropriations. On inquiry, he was
told a canal. He did not know the geography of
the country, and could not say what length this
canal was to be; but, from information received, he
was led to believe that it would not extend to more,
at the outside, than one mile and a half. Ifsuoh
was the case, he thought the proposed payment
was wholly disproportionate with the work. There
were certain phrases to be formed in the bill which
would leave a superficial observer to suppose that
the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers
was alijo provided for, as well as the cutting of this
cana,l; but a careful examination would show that
there was no obligation to improve the navigation
of those rivers. He thought, therefore, that the
cutting of a canal one mile and a half long was not
an equivalent for an appropriation of 200 miles; and
he could not tell how much more by going
round the streams. To accomplish this work,
it was proposed to offer the alternate sec-
tions for sale—the lots fronting the river at
$2 50. per acre; those in the rear at govern-
ment; price and sections reserved by government
at not less than §2 per acre; but for any of the alter-
nate sections already sold, other lands were to be
given, for which no compensation was to be receiv-
ed. He thought an inquiry should be made as to
what sections still remained open for sale; and that a
provision should be made, preventing any private
Hi
sale of them from this date.' If this was not done,
he thought they would not be troubled with such of
the alternate sections as were of any value, when the
bill became a law. If the bill retained the same form'
it did a few days ago, and had the amendment' Of
the senator froiji Ohio been adopted, he would have
voted for it. As it stood, he could not.
Mr. TALLMADGE explained that, during the
long time this bill had -been under discussion, the de-
tails which his colleague, had referred to were all
clearly pointed out. But as to the length, of the line
of grant, his colleague was nearly correct. He, (Mr.
T.) however, referred to the act itself, to show that
the complete improvement of the navigation along
the whole line was contemplated. As to the mode-
of alternate sections, that was at the request of the
Territory, as expressed in its memorial. It was it
beneficial provision; which had been proved in grants
to other States. The object was to prevent any loss;
to the general government, while a great public na-
tional work would be accomplished He could not
see that any other construction could be put upon
the act, than that the work should only progress as
the money from the sale of the lands came into the
treasury for the purpose.
The CHAIR then stated the pending question, in
answer to a question asked by Mr. Crittenden.
Mr. BERRIEN was quite prepared to adopt the
suggestion of the senator from New Hampshire-^
to give the alternate sections; if they ara kept
available for that purpose, and provided the rest
came out of the 500,000 acres given by the distribu-
tion act. There could be no such advantage as an
additional price for lands to hs taken up elsewhere^
in lieu of the alternate sections.
Mr. SEVIER stated his reasons for voting against
the amendment. The memorial from the Territory
for this grant was presented before the distribution
act. If this act was passed through with the amend-
ment now proposed, it would be taking from the
Territory all the benefit intended by the distribution
act, and disposing of it in a remote corner of the
Territory, at the will of the general government,,
and for its own purposes.
Mr CRITTENDEN thought it would facilitate
the matter to make the grant simply as the bill
was originally reported, for the object in view, and
to leave it for those who come after, to decide
whether the grant is to be taken out of the amourit
given by the distribution act.
Mr. WALKER hoped the amendment would not
prevail. He was in favor of the suggestion of the
senator from New Hampshire; that of granting the
alternate sections; the result of which would be, that
the remaining sections would be sold for the price
of the whole, but for this improvement, without any
loss to the general government. He wished such
an arrangement were made with all the new States
for promoting great works of national improvement.
Notmng was more certain than that, in the progress;
of time, the full value of those grants, and
great deal more, would be returned to the general
government, in the beneficial effects resulting from
them.
This grant assumes the case of the grants made to
Ohio and Indiana, the result of which was, that the
reserved sections of the government lands not only
sold for more, but that even the unreserved lands
came much sooner into market than they otherwise
would have done, and thereby became available to
the treasury.
Mr. PORTER observed there were but two in-
stances in which the minimum price of the alternate
sections was raised to $2 50 per acre, as now pro-
posed in reference to this grant to Wisconsin. But
if the amendment of the senator from North Caro- '
lina were adopted, it would, in effect, restrict the
Territory from selling any portion of the 500,000
acres granted to her by the distribution act, for less
than $2 50 per acre; whereas the other States, getting
500,000 acres each, would be at liberty to sell at the
ordinary minium price of $1 35 par acre. He
hoped the Senate would not adopt the amendment.
Mr. ALLEN said that whatever might be the
fate of the pending amendments, he would ultimate-
ly renew his amendment proposed yesterday.
The question was then taken on Mr. Haywood's- -
amendment to strike out the word not, and resulted
in the negative, yeas 11, nays 31, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Bagby, Buchanan. Clayton,
Colquitt, Fairfield, Haywood, King, Mangiun, Sturgeon,
and Wright—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atchison, Bates, Breese,
Choate, Crittenden, Evans, Foster, Francis, Fulton, Hanne-
gan, Henderson, Huger, Jarnagin, Johnson, Merrick, Mil.
ler, Morehead, Forter, Hives, Setiple, Sevier, Simmons s
