March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Presideniial Election—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
taken, denied that the independent treasury system would or
could have the effect to f>r Uuce the dusaeteis upon the commu-
n>iy *hich us efteuucs attrd>uted to it. The effects attributed
were, that u would destroy th« bank-?, break down the credit
syst-m, establish an exclusive metalhc currency, reduce the
va^e of property and the price of labor. Hedeniedthat the
bill possessed Uit power to prodncesuch effects; and (as all his
speeches show) was opposed to an exclusive metallic currency
in the then condition of the coun ry, owing to the manner in
which the commercial, mercantile, and general interests of the
country were interwoven wuh hank5', paper currency, and the
«redit system. No man trod more cautiously, or advanced with
more precision, and, at the same tin e, with more firmness, in the.
reformations that were then in progress ia relation to the cur-
rency, and to the control, management, and disbursement of the
national revenue, than did Mr. B. The safety of the revenue,
and us proper and secure management, without materially af.
feeing the channels of trade and the general interests of the
country, seemed to be his highest object—tar the truth of which
I can safely refer to all his speeches in support of the mde-
pendent treasury plan, and all financial measures appertaining'
thereto. I speak knowingly; I speak from hearing his speeches
when made, and reading them when printed; and yet. in the face
of al! who heard him, and all whoreadhiaspeeches, John Davis ;
puts this argument in his mouth, viz- "It (the independent
ueasuryjeomaina the necessary corrective [for the evils] im-
putable to the pernicious influence of bank paper, asitwill
check importations of foreign good*, suppress what we call the
credit system, and, by restoring a specie currency, reduce the
wages of labor anrj the value of propertyAnd this argument,
which Mr. Buchanan never conceived, (or, if he did, never ex-
pressed) constituted a part of' honest John's" speech, and was
heralded far and wide through the country; and was labelled
and endowed, and heralded back again, by every foul, filthy,
false federal sheet in the land; and by every hired bank min-
ion and corrupt demagogue in the shape of a stump speaker,
from Daniel Webster down to the most contemptible whiz
whiffet of-federai mimicry. 1 take it on myself to say,
and hold myself responsible, that a more meretricious
falsehood never was invented—a baser and more ground-
less falsehood never entered the head or heart of any
man. It was a falsehood worthy ro be conceived by a vile,
vitiated brain: worthy to be cherished by a corrupt heart;
worthy to be given birth to by a polluted and foul mouth; and
worthy to be promulgated by a poisoned pen; and worthy to be
endorsed by a reckless, unprincipled, and corrupt party. 1
have noticed this falsehood, though at first personal; but it
told and spread to deceive a na'ion, and it did deceive a nafon.
It contained m its beginning the crime of a falsehood-, and in
effect and end the injuryof alalsebood. I name it and expose
it, in connexion with others of a like character, that the indi-
vidual community may guard themselves against the effects of
such falsehoods m the coromg contest, which will fall upon the
country as le-ives in autumn by the blight of frost.
But, lalsehood and slander and the base, criminal, and trea-
sonable auxiliaries which were brought to eo-ooerate with
them, as I have said, were not the only result of the federal-
ists in 184© There were wther means, perhaps les-s criminal,
but not less disgraceful, resorted to. I mean drunken orgies,
empty displays; vulgar scenes; and exhibitions of coons, pos-
sums, skuuks. empty barrels, old gourds, and snapping tiiriSea;
profane sacrifices; T ppecanoe and Hartfoid banners. These
disgraceful stiows, sen^e'ess parades, and profane demon-
strations, were fatal to the good order of society, and
the moral instituiions of the country, as the change thry
effected was fatal to us po'iucal ard pecuniary inter-
eats. Dentty of character, and morality of purpose, were
alike sacrificed. All orders, al! sexes, and ail professions,
of the entire fedeia! family, were comajn%ated with the
virus. Every institution and every temple, however sacred,
was pollu'td The temple of justice and the temple of re-
ligion, the judge's seat and sacred de?k, were prostituted to the
use and the level of the dogery, and the haunts of debauchery
and dissipation. Yes, &n; not only wete the ermine and the
judgment-seat contalhinaied, but the sacred desk and ihe pulpit
were polluted; and some of those who claim to be ministers of
the gospel, ambassadors of our Saviout, and Heaven's bearers
of despatches and glad tidings, standard-bearers of the holy
crosd, and those who administer the holy sacraments, prostrated
themselves from their high and lofty station, to which none
but apostles and ministers ordained by Heaven's sanction
should presume to ascend,—even some of them, I s iy, prostra 1
ted themselves at the shrine of the corruptions and politica
in quittesof that time; and, m place of obeying the commands
ol their divine Master, m teachirg the way of palvation to a
dying world, were found playing the political missionary. Tn
place of bearing witness to the truth of His holy religion, they
were endorsing all the base, false, and infamous slanders and
detraction which were prop^sated to overthrow the administra-
tion—slander and de'racaon wo:thy of the dis'empered brain
of the reckless polui' al desperado, the heart of corruption ani
the tongueof poison-
I cheeifuliy recosnise the risht of eveiy individual m the
community to exeioise the nghis of a freemsr: tuit while I ho!d
sat red the namts ol Chiisuan minister am' a post-e, 1 it a
duty I owe tothe holy ifcligion, by which 1 hope f.r ndernptmn
and salvation m the'wwid io rome, to denounce ihe man who
will abt.se it, as unworthy to be its professional advocate. Yes,
sir, some of Mem were found larucipaung with, and ming-
ling in, the drunken carousals that would have disgraced a
bacchanalian feast, in the most dvgrai'ed days of Greece ^uch
men are made tor the tables of money chaneers, not for cast-
ing out devils. Tisey might grace a cambler's board, hot they
would pollute a u-mpte. "For the honor of the holy rthsionof
our fathers,and the sacred names of minister and apostle, I
hope there were no; tnanv who so disgraced themselves, thiir
name, and the religion which it is their profession to teach.
But there were some. Tiny will b : marked, and made (he
subjects of religious and moial condemnation while they live,
and wherever thev go Httch were the demorahztng effects of
means uee.l in 1840, and such the end which justified ihe means.
But, sir, other promises were made besides those of leform arid
retrenchment. We will examine them, and see how far thev
have bren fulfilled. We were promised a sound currency, and
plenty of it- How has that promise been fu'nlledl It i* useless
foi me to relate what everybody knows; and that is, that this
administration has done no'hine either to improve the curren-
cy, or to increase ha quantity. i*o, under the general head ol
falsehoods, I place that to No. 2.
The people were told that treasury notes were an uncon
ptitutional currency,and were the offspring of the tnaependeut
treausury. They were denounced and ridiculed as "Uncle
Sum's shinplasteia." The constitution was to be preserved,
and there was to be no more of such shmplaster currency.
The whigs had not been in power three months, before they
authwriz^d the issue of millions of dollars in treasury notes;
and they^ have constituted a vast portion of the national cur-
rency from that day to this. That is general falsehoed No 3.
The people were told, among (he thousand other falsehoods
about the independent treasury, that it was a dangerous exec-
utive engine, and that it placed the purse in the hands of the
President, and gave him a dangerous control of the national
treasury; and, if they obtained possession of the government,
that dangerous execuiive control should be abolished. So, one
ofthe first actsof the federal coon administration was to re-
peal the independent treasury, without making any provision
for the safe-keepipg and secure disbursement of the public
revenue. The consequence was, that the President and his
secietar y,ipso facto, acquired the entiie and uncontrolled
possesion and management ofevery dollar of the public reve-
nue, and have so enjoyed it from that day to this. The viola*
tion of that promise I call falsehood No. 4.
It was urged that the administrations of General
Jackson and Mr. Van Buren were prescriptive ad-
ministrations; that they were administrations of
a party and not of the people; that no man was
permitted to shar-* in the discharge of official duties,
except those who were partisans to the principles
and supporters of their administrations; merit, worth,
honesty, and talents, were no recommendation, &c.
All this was false; for, throughout both the adminis-
trations of Gen. Jackson and Mr. Van Buren, there
were more federalists who held office under the general
government than democrats. But I have no time to
detail single whig falsehoods; I must limit myself to
generals. It was said that such a system of unrelenting
proscription was demoralizing, and wars corrupting
the morals and prostrating the patriotism of the na-
tion; and, if the democracy could be overthrown,
"proscription should be proscribed." "Proscription
proscribed" was one of the federal coon banners.
Here Mr. Duncan held up a whig banner, bear-
ing this inscription:
No man was to be turned out of office for opinion's
sake. The only question was to be, "is he honest,
is he capable." All this, it was well known, was
contemptible cant and miserable hypocrisy. For
one month before the presidential inauguration, this
city was crowded with office-seekers, loafers, and
loungers, lean, lone, and lank, to the number (it was
said) of more than" thirty thousand. I know that
every public and private house (and some houses
that I shall not name) were full from garret to cellar;
and filled as the houses were, it was impossible to
walk ten steps at a time in the avenue, without being
jostled by some staggering, hungry, federal loafer.
They seemed to have flocked from every part and
every longitude and every latitude, and every zone,
torrid, temperate, and frigid, of this wide-spread
Union, numerous as the locusts, the lice, and the
frogs of Egypt, and more devouring and destructive.
Old federalists, who had been driven into caves
with the Adamses, where they had slept for forty
years, waked up, came forth in their moth-riddled,
antiquated garbs, staggering on their worm-eaten
staves, dragging their withered, emaciated carcasses,
and shaking their gray locks;—such a gather-
ing never before was seen; such a gathering never
will again be seen, until the sea shall give up her
dead at the summons of the last trump. Well, the
inauguration came, and with it, as a first step, the
dismissal of every chief democratic officer at the
head of every department of the government; then
commenced the guillotine. The axe was not per-
mitted to div, nor the executioner to sleep; each
head in each department vied with each other in
the work of execution. But Granger and Ewing
went ahead, and even surpassed Robespierre, their
worthy master and p.itron. The tris! was more
summary than that of the victims of the triumvirate.
The inquiry to each victim was not, "h he capable,
is lie honest?" It was, "Are you a democrat? Do
you belong to the democratic association, _and are
you a subscriber to the Extra Glober' The
answer being in the affirmative, off went his head.
Bring forward another; so it went. Such was the
inqufsition—such the guillotine—sueh the Robes-
pierres, and such the fate of the victims.
Mr. Speaker, there were more men proscribed
for opinion's sake the first six months of this ad-
ministration, than there were from the fir^t day of
General Washington'3 administration, to the last
day of Martin Vail Buren's. So I make "proscrip-
tion proscribed" general falsehood No. 6.
One of the charges of extravagance against Mr.
Van Buren's administration was the "prince/i/ man-
ner" in which the President's house was furnished.
That falsehood was negatived by the appropriation
of gix thousand dollars, made to furnish the Presi-
dent's house at. the commencement of this adminis-
tration. That appropriation was properly made;
the President's house required it; but the applica-
tion of the money was not made as intended. I do
not know what was done with all the money: I
think I know what was done with a part of it. I
am told that near twenty-five hundred dollars was
laid out in wines to furnish the cellar—not in furni-
ture for the house. What will the honest, sober,
tax-paying community say, when they learn that
this ■mas-to-be eeonominal and reform administration
used twenty-five hundied dollars ef their money to
purchase wines for the loafing, lounging, lank fede-
ral office-hunter to guzzle down. But I must be
brief on each head; so I place the charge of extrava-
gance of the President's house—"gold spoons, French
bedsteads," fyc.—to general falsehood No. 7.
The day-laborers were told that if they would
join the federalists in the overthrow of the democrat-
ic party, they should receive two dollars a day
and good roast beef. I hold a banner in my hand;
here it is; and here is the promise. Here is the in-
inscription. It reads:
"two dollars a day and roast beef
under general harrison's
administration."
"sheep's pluck, and six and a-fourth
cents a day under martin van
buren's administration."
This was your promise, and this your flag, dis-
played in all your cavalcades, and in all your hard-
cider orgies and bacchanalian feasts far anu wide.
How has that promise been fulfilled? Thousands
of honest laborers will answer next fall through the
ballot-box—that they can get but twenty-five cents
a day and no beef at all. So I place .that promise
to the credit of No. 8.
The federalists in the last Congress made
but one attempt at retrenchment; and that at-
tempt was but insolent hypocrisy, and made to
deceive. The democrats, in a former Congress,
reduced the price of public -printing fifteen
per cent. When the federalists came into power
prior to electing the government printers, they
passed a resolution reducing the price of printing
twenty per cent., or five per cent, more; and then
elected Gales & Seaton printers. That was the
show of retrenchment, and under that contract and
resolution was the public printing done; but, in order
to compensate for the reduction of the price, more
printing was given to Gales & Seaton, by near one-
half, than ever was given to public printers before by
any Congress in the same length of time. But that was
not all: at the close of the last session, and to one of the
last appropriation bills, was made an amendment ap-
propriating fortv thousand dollars to Gales & Seaton,
in addition to ie price stipulated in the contract.
Thus was the public treasury robbed to feed and fat-
ten a pampered favorite partisan. So much for the
only attempt to fulfil the promises of retrenchment.
That hypocritical show and false pretence I marlc
No. 9.
Sir, my time, and the limits of a speech, will not
permit me to prosecute the subject. If I had time
I could fill a volume with these startling and damning
falsehoods. I have selected those general and un-
varnished ones, because they were connected with
promises the more effectually to mislead the
thoughtless and unwary; because they were appeals
to the passions, to cupidity, and to avarice. When,
you hold up the promises made in 18-10 to the fed-
eralists, and ask them. Why have you n«t made the
a :d reforms you promised in the gov-
ernment expenditures? Where is the plenty of mo-
ney, and of eood quality, you promised? Why have,
yon not preserved that sacred principle of patriot-
ism—toleration in office—for the abuse of which
you so denounced the administrations of General
Jackson and Mr. Van Buren? Why did you not
"proscribe proscription?" Where is that brilliant
prosperity you promised to every institution, to
every interest, and to every person of (he country?
But above all,' where is that two dollars a day and
good roast beef vou promised to the day laborer?
The answer is, Oh! General Harrison died, and
John Tyler turned traitor. Every sniffling whig
whiffet, and bank spaniel, as well as every pompous
puffed-up, haughty "federal, aristocratic rag-baron has
that answer at his tongue's end.
General Harrison did die, but John Tyler did not
turn traitor. Of General Harrison and his death, I
have nothing to say. Peace be to his manes. If
he had any faults in his life, I am the last to speal§
