404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiS.
March, 1844.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps
of them. Let his narrow tenement at North Bend
conceal them. His virtues I will be first to speak
of on all proper occasions. But I feel no restraint
in saying that the man you elect to fill the highest
station that man can occupy—to discharge duties
the most important that can interest a nation—by
such unhallowed means, and for such unhallowed
purposes,—he will die, too, in one month. There is
a Providence who superintends this nation. He
holds its destinies in His hand; His track is
to be seen in every path of the revolution
that emancipated us; and he who cannot see
His divine interposition thoughout this admin-
istration is an infidel or a fool—he may have his
choice. I predict that, if the same means are to be
used by the federalists to secure the election of then-
candidate, I mean drunken orgies, empty and pro-
fane songs, coon-skins, hard-cider carousals, and
their kindred and criminal means, perjury, treason,
falsehood, corruption, bribery, swindling, and blas-
phemy; and the end to be effected by such means is
to break down our free institutions, trample upon
the constitution, and subvert human liberty,—the
result will be as it has been The workers of such
iniquity will fall before the breath and vengeance
of a just God, as grass before the scythe. I speak
of the guilty, not of the innocent. But John Tyler
did not turn traitor; John Tyler has done nothing to
merit such a charge. This charge is made, because
he vetoed the bank bill.
The whigs caught a Tartar when they elected
John Tyler—that is, they elected an honest man.
He was raised a democrat, and prior to 1832 had
always been a democrat, and a member of the demo-
cratic party; some of his last official acts, when a
member of the United States Senate, were directed
with ability and eloquence against the Bank of the
United States. He was a warm and ardent sup-
porter of General Jackson, and all the leading meas-
ures of his administration, until what was called the
proclamation made its appearance. To some of the
doctrines contained in that paper, he took excep-
tions, and for a time withdrew his support and in-
fluence from the democratic party, tinder the supposi-
tion that he had abandoned the democratic princi-
ples. The whig Harnsburg convention nominated
him for Vice President, with a view to unite the whig
slaveholders of the South with the whig abolitionists
, of the North against the democracy of the North
and South. Mr. Tyler was not questioned as to his
political principles prior to his election; consequently,
he was under no pledge as to what measures he would
or would not support. President Harrison died;
Mr. Tyler took his place, untrameled to any party,
bound alone by motives and principles of patriotism'
with a free judgment, and I believe an honest heart!
Soon after the executive duties devolved on him
the extra session was called, and one of the first
acts of the session was to pass a bill to incorporate
a national bank. John Tyler vetoed it, and that is his
great offence; for it, he has been denounced far and
■Wide, by every hireling whig press, asatraitor, and by
every whig demagogue as a scoundrel. The short of
the story is, that the whigs were playing a fraudu-
lent game when they elected John Tyler, and they
got caught m their own net. I am no Tyler man
but it is due to my feelings and to justice, to say
that the democracy and the country owe Mr.
Tyler a debt of gratitude which will only be paid
when the party strife which overshadows good and
rewards evil shall have passed away, and merit and
worth shall have a place in the political history of
our country.
When General Jackson heard that John Tyler
had vetoed that bill of abominations, he thanked his
God that "we hail one honest man left."
When General Jackson, in 1832, vetoed the bil
to recharter the Bank of the United States, every
heart and every tongue of every patriot was full
of gratitude and praise, it was said that, under
a'l circumstances then existing, (meaning the power
of the bank and the strength and influence of the
bank party,) there was no other man living who had
the nerve and the moral courage to brave the storm, I
but General Jackson. John Tyler did the same I
thing, under as fearful circumstances, Why should i
he not have the same amount of gratitude and praise?
Render ixnto Cotsar the thing? which are C&sar's."
Mr Tyler has done things that I regret. I re-
gret that he signed the bill to repeal the independent
treasury I re-ret that he signed the bankrupt bill,
by Which lust claims to the amount of millions were
|j^"dlated.swlndlers encouraged, and scoundrels
discharged from their honest obligations. I resrrpt
above all, that he signed the bilfto provide foT the
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands—a
measure that, in its effect and object, Was designed to
plunder the people and bribe the States. But of all
this the democracy, as a party, have no right to com-
plain. Mr. Tyler was not of their choice, nor is he
indebted to them for his situation. He has done all
for the democracy that they could hope, and more
than they had a right to expect.
Permit me to take this occasion to say that no
blame is to be attached to the' President for the
profligacy and extravagance of this administration.
It was the people's representatives in the House and
Senate who made the appropriations of the people's
money, and not the President. Let the blame rest
where it properly belongs, KLet justice be done,
though the heavens should fall."
Mr. Speaker, from the very nature of our govern-
ment, and from the nature of the representative char-
acter, the people have a right to demand and to
know the principles and the measures which shall
govern and be sustained by every candidate for of-
fice in the event of his election; and that right to
demand carries with it the duty and the obligation,
on the part of the candidate, to answer all interroga-
tories, made in a proper manner, and from proper
motives, touching the duties, measures and princi-
ples, which shall govern him in the event of his
election. That right and that duty were both vi-
olated in the contest of 1840, by the federal candi-
dates for office. The candidate for the presidency
was interrogated as to what. measures and what
principles would govern him in the event of his
election.''-Those interrogatories were put to him from
proper motives, and in a proper manner; but he
refused to answer, and the, people were given to
understand that he would give "no opinion for the
public eye." A national bank, a high protective ta-
riff, the independent treasury, the assumption of the
State debts, and the distribution of the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, were all questions in
which the people felt a deep interest. They were
the great questions which had often sgitated the
country, and had divided the two great parties from
the commencement of the government to that time,
and still continue to do so. But it was a part of the
whig organization to conceal their principles, and to
substitute an honest and fearless expose of princi-
ples with log cabin parades, Tippecanoe songs, coon-
skin displays, and such disgraceful flummery. When
the whigs were cornered, and compelled to show their
hand, they denied that they were in favor of those
high-toned federal measures which had always char-
acterized the federal party, and which had always
been acknowledged as federal measures.
Mr. Speaker, 1 am one of those who believe that
the march of intellect and moral and philosophical
improvement has not been so great as some suppose.
I believe that mankind would now be what they
were many thousand years ago, if they were sur-
rounded by the same or similar circumstances.
That we have not improved in many of the arts
and sciences, both architectural and fine, the monu-
ments of Egypt, Greece, and Rome, that have sur-
vived the destructive hand of time for more than
three thousand years, plainly demonstrate. They
display, at this day, a mechanical and philosophical
power, and a success in fine arts, which no wisdom
of this day can imitate. The pyramids of Egypt
the temples and lofty columns (though in ruins) of
Greece, and the obelisks of Rome, not only surpass
our imitation, but confound our wonder. Paintings
are yet to be found, that have survived half the ale
of the world, whose delicacy and beauty confound
the most splendid artists of our day, and from which
every artist must take lessons, before he can be con-
sideieu accomplished. Nor, even in this Christian
day, and this Christian land, have we improved in
morals and religion. The Egyptians, for want of
a revealed Deity, worshipped crocodiles, cats, snakes,
and toads. The Grecians worshipped owls, and
held thejr drunken feasts, m congregated thousands
in honor of Bacchus, and carried and displayed iuffs
of wine and baskets of grapes, and decorated them-
selves with vine-leaves. The Romans nourished
and revered geese, and through and by them ex-
pected political blessings and domestic happiness.
e whig portion of this nation, with a revealed re-
ligion, a revealed Deity, and a Divine Mediator,
adore ana worship coons, possums, snapping-turtles
and skunks, and through and by them expect polit-
ical prosperity and domestic happiness, now and
heieafter; and. Grecian like, they hold their drunken
carousals in congregated thousands, in which thev
display their gourds of hard cider and their baskets of
parched cprn and corn-dodgers, and ornament ^iem-
with buckeye leaves. Sir, I think we have
made no such advancements as we sometimes boast
of. I can fancy too, sir,- that I can see wisdom in
some of the ancient customs and usages, even in pa-
gan countries and pagan times, which we have al-
most lost sight- of. Some of the ancients were in
- the habit of consulting their augurs and soothsay-
ers as to the probable result of great national under-
takings, as well as to the result of private enterprise.
The augurs and soothsayers determined their judg-
ment and their predictions by an inspection of the
entrails of animals; and in certain qualities which
they perceived by such inspections, they disclosed
and foretold the fate of battles and the prosperity
or ruin of kingdoms and downfall of nations; and
even the motives and secret springs and principles
of the human heart, were read in those anatomical
inspections. That piece of ancient wisdom led me
to a research after whig principles in the absence of
any and all declaration of principle; for I perceive
that the whig party are determined to conduct the
coming political cpntest in the same manner and by
the same means by which it was conducted in 1840.
There is to be "no declaration of principles/or the
public eye." A political. friend of mine sent me a
drawing of a dissected coon, with a polite and re-
spectful note, asking me to make some public use
of it to the end that whig principles might be gene-
rally understood. I have carefully examined the
internal viscera of this beast of whig pagan adoration.
[Here Mr. D. held up a beautiful painting of a
coon, with the entire internal viscera exposed, and
each organ and part colored to life.]
I find (said Mr. D.) this animal to contain within
the cavity of its abdomen, all the leading princi-
ples of the federal party. The measures which
have ever distinguished them as a party, and
the names they have assumed at different times
for political effect. The characters, initials and
hieroglyphics, demonstrating modern whig prin-
ciples, measures, and names, are Greek; from whic|i
it would appear that this same old coon lived in the
days of the Grecian republics, three thousand years
ago. I have deciphered and translated the Greek
characters, and have supplied their place with the
English translation; and, when thus translated, the
following result appears, viz: In the heart of this
coon—which may not only be regarded to some ex-
tent the seat of life, but also the seat of good and
evil passions,—I say in the heart of this coon are
found the secret principles of the whig party ex-
pressed in the word "tory," plainly and distinctly
written. On the right lobe of the kings is written
"national bank," and on the left, "old federalism"—
all within the #ipty of the thorax. Below the dia-
phragm, and within the cavity of the abdomen, we
find the balance of the whig principles, measures
and names, distinctly marked, beginning with the
pancreas, and descending through the whole line of
the abdominal contents. To save fhe time of ana-
tomical demonstration, I will merely name, at pres-
ent, the whig principles and names as I find them
disclosed in the bowels of this beast; and, for the
benefit of all my readers, I will procure a cut to
accompany my speech in pamphlet form, which
will give them an ocular demonstration of whig
principles, which it has so long been the effort of the
party to conceal from the "public eye. "But to progress-
on one organ is marked "Hartford convention-" on
another, "protective tariff;" on another, "assumption
of the State debts; on another, "distribution of the
proceeds of the public lands;" on another, "the rich
and well-born should govern;" on another "let
the government take care of the rich, and the rich
will take care of the poor." So much for whig-
principles. Now for the different names which the
party have assumed for the purposes of political ef-
fect and political deception. Here, they are to be
found in the bowels of this same old coon-—federal
party, anti-war party, bank party, Adams party,
Clay party, national republican party, antimasonic
party, log-cabm party, hard-cider party, Tippecanoe
party, corn-dodger party, abolition party, and m
the tail-end of this coon, we find the last name 
whig party:—tory at heart, and whig in the tail'
I have examined the brain of this animal with
great care, but I can find neither charactcis nor hie-
roglyphics, ancient or modern, which can guide me
to any conclusion other than that, like most of those
who make it an object of adoration, it (the brain-) is
of small quantity and of poor quality.
But, sir, these are not all the advantages and dis-
coveries I have drawn from the anatomical exami-
nation I have made, and thus disclosed in "this same
old coon;" I perceive very distinctly, by the disor-
