39*
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Thoirtpaon, TibbattsrTucker, Weller, Werftworth, Whea-
ts*^ TV illiams, Joseph A. Wright, ■ and Yost—98.
I^AtS—Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnnger, Brown,
Buffiagton, Carroll, Causing Chilton, Clingnjan, Collamer,
Cranston, Garrett Davis, Deberry, jDellet, Dickey, Fish,
Foot, Willis Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hud-
*wv, «' """ U11UI1CU, U41UC1, ixaij/
son, Jenks, Perley b. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel
P,'King, Mcllvaine, Edward! J. Morris, Morse, Moseley,
Newton, Patterson, Elisha R. Potter, Ramsey, Rockwell,
- -   - * rtvvv* dVI4, UAJOUa XV* X V^VVA, ,    
Bogers, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Caleb B
Smith, Stephens, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Withered, John
White, Winthrop and William Wright—51.
Oil motion hy Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Dromgoole, of Virginia, in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the support of the Mili-
tary Academy for the fiscal year, ending the 30th
June, 1845, the question being on the amendment
of Mr. Hale, as follows:
"That no money appropriated in this bill, or here-
after to be appropriated, shall be applied to the pay-
merit of any cadet hereafter to be appointed; and the
terms of service of those who have warrants, now
in the academy, shall be held to cease from and
after four years from the time of their respective
appointments."
Mr. E. J. MORRIS who was entitled to the floor,
having only five minutes left, began by expressing
his surprise and regret at the hasty manner in which
this jail was to be carried through, and said that
had he-been present, he would have entered his pro-
test against the passage of the bill repealing the dis-
tnbution act in a similar manner.
The CHAIR reminded the gentleman that the
question was on the amendment of the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. MORRIS said he had a right to enter his pro-
test against the manner in which it was attempted to
hurry this bill thraugh. He then went into a vindi-
cation of the officers of the army who served in the
Florida war, and spoke highly of their gallantry and
good conduct. The hour of twelve having arrived,
the'remarks of Mr. M. were cut short by the
Speaker; and the committee, in pursuance of the reso-
lution adopted this morning, proceeded to vote on
the pending amendment.
Mr. HALE desired the vote on his amendment
to be taken on each branch of the two propositions
which it contained; and therefore he intimated his
wish to divide it.
The CHAIRMAN said it was not divisible.
Mr. HALE said that, under those circumstances,
he would so modify it as to leave the first branch
only remaining.
Mr. E. J. BLACK objected to any such modifi-
cation at this time.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the modification
could be made.
Tellers were called for; and Messrs. Burke and
XJellet were appointed to take the vote on the
amendment, which proposed to prevent any further
appointments of cadets after June next. The
amendment was negatived; 54 voting in the affirms-
tue, and 91 m the negative.
Mr. RATH BUN then offered an amendment, to
the enect that no cadet should be appointed after the
passage of this act.
Tile CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was not in order.
Mr. RATHBUN appealed; but the committee sus-
tained the decision of the Chair.
Mr. I-IOLMLS moved that the committee rise
and report the bill; which was agreed to.
The committee rose and reported accordingly.
The SPEAKER having taken the chair, slated
the question to be on concurring in the amendment
of the Committee of the Whole, which was, in fact
a mere transposition of certain words, which did not
affect the purport of the original bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered an amendment
by way of a proviso, to be added to the following
clause: b
"For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and mu-
sicians, fifty-one thousand five hundred and thirty-
eiMt dollars and thirty-three cents."
The proviso was to the effect, that no money
hereby appropriated should be paid for any cadet
that should hereafter be appointed, and that the term
ot service of the cadets now at the Military AcpJc-
my should cease at the expiration of four years from
the time of their appointment. On this he moved
theprevious question.
centinn^rS rai8ed ? lue8tion of order on the re-
She Chair &mendmenti but he was overruled by
Mr. HARALSON proposed to amend the amend-
ment, so'as to provide that the following lines be
stricken from the bill:
"For continuing the construction of barracks for
the cadets, fifteen thousand dollars."
The amendment was adopted by Mr. JOHNSON.
The SPEAKER then put the question of second-
ing the demand for the previous question; but teller#
were called for, and Messrs. Dellet and Burke
were appointed, and they reported 72 in the affirma-
tive, and 67 in the negative.
So there was a second.
The main question was ordered to be put, and the
yeas and nays were ordered on the question of agree-
ing to the amendment.
A division was called for, and the vote was first
taken on the proposition of Mr. C. Johnson; which
was negatived—yeas 73, nays 106, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Bidlack, James Black, Black-
well, Bower, Boyd, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Milton
Brown, Wm. J. Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Campbell, Catlin,
Reuben Chapman, Cullom, Dana, John W. Davis, Dickin-
son, Duncan, Ficklin, Foster, Giddings, Hale, Hamlin,
Hays, Henley, Hoge, Houston, Hubbell, Hughes, Hunger-
ford, James B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Perley B.
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo. W. Jones, Andrew Ken
nnedy Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, McCler
nand, McConnell, Moore, Joseph Morris, Owen, Payne
Peyton, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rit-
ter, Roberts, Robinson, St. John, Thomas H. Seymour,
, Simons, John T. Smith, Thos. Smith, Robert Smith, Steen:
rod, John Stewart, Stone, Sykes, Weller, Wenworth,
Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Atkinson,
Barringer, F.dward J. Black, Jacob Brinkerhoft', Jeremiah
Brown, Bufflngton, Burt, Carroll, Causin, Chilton, Cling-
man, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cranston, Cross,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Deberry, Dellet.
Dickey, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellis, Fish, Foot,
French, Willis Green, Byram Green, Grinnell, Grider,
Hammett, Haralson, Hardin, Harper, Hernck, Holmes,
Hopkins, Hubard, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles j!
Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, John P. Ken.
nedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, La-
branche, Leonard, Maclay, McClelland, McDowell, Moll-
vaine, McKay, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley
Murphy, Newton, Parmenter, Patterson, Elisha R. Potter'
Emery D. Potter, Preston, Ramsey, Kayner, Rhett, Rock-
well, Rogers, Russell, Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Senter
Severance, Simpson, Shdell, Albert Smith. Caleb b'
Smith, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Stiles, Taylor. Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tucker, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter
Vinton,Wethered, Wheaton, White, Williams, Winthron'
and William Wright-106. p'
The question tl)en being upon the adoption of the
second branch of the amendment, (Mr. Haralson's
proposition,)
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he hoped the call
for the yeas and nays would be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER said the demand for the yeas and
nays would be considered withdrawn if there was
no objection.
No objection was heard, and the question was
put; and upon a division, the votes were counted by
the Speaker, and stood 77 in the affirmative, and 42
in the negative.
The second branch of the amendment was agreed
to. b
The question upon the engrossment of the bill was
the question next pending; and upon this
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON demanded the previous
question.
Mr. RATHBUN inquired if it was now in order
to move an additional clause to the bill.
The SPEAKER leplied that it would not, as the
previous question had been demanded.
The question upon the engrossment was then put,
and carried.
The bill was read a third time; and the question
was put upon its passage.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to recommit the hill,
with instructions that the committee report the fol-
lowing amendment: -x
"That no cadet shall be appointed after the passage
of this act."
' The previous question was seconded; and upon
the main question (viz: shall the bill pass) the yens
and nays were ordered; and being taken, resulted 
yeas 109, nays 67, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams. Anderson Atkinson, Bar-
ringer, Kdward J. Black, James Black, Black well, Boulin,
Jacob Brinkerhoft, Jeremiah Brow n, Burlington, Burt, Cai'
roll, Causin, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Clinton, Cobb,
Poles, Collamer, Cranston, Daniel, Garrett Das is, Richard
D. Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dillingham, Drom-
goole, Dunlap, Ellis, Fish, Foot, French, Willis Green,
Byram Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hamlin, Haralson, Hardin,
Harper, Herrick. Holmes, Hopkins, Hubard, Hudson>
Washington Hunt, Charles J, Ingersoll, Joseph R. Inger-
soll, Irvin, Jenks, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Dan-
iel F. King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lyon, Ma-
clay, McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh,
fcdward J. Morris. Morse, Mosely, Murphy, Newton, Par-
menter, Patterson, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter,
Pratt, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Rayner, Rhett, Rockwell,
Rogers, Russell, Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Senter, Sev-
erance, Simpson, Slidell, Albert Smith, Stephens, Stetson,
Stiles, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vauce,
Vinton, Wethered, Wheaton, "White, Williams, Winthrop,
and William Wright—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bidlack, Bower, Boyd, Brod-
head, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown,
Burke, Caldwell, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Cullom, Dana,
John W. Davis, Dickinson, Duncan, Ficklin. Foster, Hale,
Hays, Henley, Hoge, Houston, Hubbell, Hughes, Hun-
gerford, James B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Perley
B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew
Kennedy, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, McCler-
nand, McConnell, Moore, Joseph Morris, Owen, Payne,
Peyton, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter,
Roberts, Robinson, St John, Thomas H. Seymour, Si-
mons, John T. Smith, Thomas SmXth, Robert Smith, Steen-
rod, J, Stewart, Stone, Sykes, Tucker, Weller, Went-
worth, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—67.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. FISH moved the reconsideration of the vote
by which the bill was passed: rejected without a di*
vision.
The question being on the title of'the bill,
Mr. WENNTWORTH moved to amend it, so
as to make it read "a bill to put down the militia of
the country." Mr. W., however, withdrew the
amendment; and the title was agreed to.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. WINTHROP rose, he said, to offer a reso-
lution on a subject which ought, in his opinion, at
an early day, to receive the attention of this House
and the country. Mr. W. then offered the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That no proposition for the annexation
of Texas to the United States ought to be made, or
assented to, by this government.
Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the consideration of the above resolution,
on Wednesday, the 20th instant; and that said reso-
lution be made the special order of the day until dis-
posed of.
Mr. THOMPSON objected to the reception of
the resolution.
Mr. WINTHROP moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer the resolution, and called for the
yeas and nays on the resolution; which were order-
ed.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules, and decided in the negative—yeas 40, nays
122, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Jeremiah Brown, Buffing--
ton, Carroll, Collamer, Cranston, Richard D. Davis, Dickey
Foot, Giddings, Grinnell, Harper. Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson,
John P. Kennedy, Daniel P King, Mcllvaine, Marsh, E. J
Morris, Morse, Patterson, Elisha R. Potter, Ramsey, Rock-
well, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Severance, Summers Ty-
ler, Vinton, White, Winthrop, and Joseph A. Wright—40
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Atkinson, Barringer,
Benton, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black, Blackwell
Bower, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoft; Brodhead, Aaron V
Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Catlin
Causin Reuben Chapman, Chilton, Clinch, Clineman, Clin-
ton, Cobb, Coles, Cullom, Dana, Garret Davis, John W Da-
vi!, Deberry, Dellet, Dickinson, Dillingham, Dromgoole
Duncan, Dunlap, Ficklin, Fish, Foster, French Willis'
&rrv£i-SSri1der' "alp. Haral.on, Hays, Henley,
Hernck, Holmes Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Huh.
l ell, Ilungerford James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andiew Johnson, George W
Jones Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Kirkratrick I a-
Le"ls' Lucas' Ljon Maclay,
WcUelland, MuClernand, McDowell, McKay, .Moore Mur-
hpy, Newton, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pevton Fmerv
Reh0tilhVnU1ii n Ra^un' Ra>"ner David S Reid,'Reding,
R(ll. .Rhett, Hitter, Roberts, Robinson, Russell, St. John
Saunders Senter, "lhomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson'
21 ' ThoTnas Sm"n, Robert Smith,
Steinrod, Stephens, Stetson, J. Stewart, Stone, Sykes Ta\ •
loi Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker. Weller Wentworth
W heaton, Williams, and Yo t 120. ' '
So the rules were not suspended.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
_ Mr. WELLER moved to print 15,000 extra co-
lies of the report of the Committee of Ways and
weans accompanying the independent-treasury bill,
for the use of the members. He would observe
that, if this order be made now, the printing of the
extia copies could be done at a less expense than at
a future time If any objections were made to this
motion, he w^ould move to suspend the rules, to en-
able him to submit it.
Objections being made,
rules'^ ^^LER accordingly moved to suspend the
beS'orfere"1^ Cal'ed ^ ^ yeM Md MyS; whlch
The question was taken, and decided in the neffa-
rve, yeas 100, nays 62—there not being two-thirds.
