406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Brodkead.
H. of Reps.
principally in iron and coal. It is well known
that the iron and coal of England has mainly con-
tributed to make her what she is; has enabled her
to push her commerce and arms into every part of
the civilized world, and to subsist an immense pop-
ulation upon a limited territory. They are two of
the great elements of national wealth, and, if prop-
erly protected, will enable us, in Pennsylvania, to
make our railroads and canals profitable, to more than
compete with the English, who have, heretofore, in
a great measure, supplied our markets, and reduce
the price to the consumer, without, in the least, in-
juring our farmers.
With these prefatory and somewhat desultory
remarks, I come more immediately to the discussion
of the questions involved in the debate, and pre-
sented by the bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and now under consideration.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Belser] has
argued that the power to protect American industry,
by imposing discriminating and countervailing du-
ties, was not within the scope of the powers granted
by the constitution to Congress. Upon this point I
am at issue with him. This constitutional objec-
tion was never thought of during the first thirty-
years of our national existence. It sprung up with
the spirit of nullification.' It is a modern abstrac-
tion which was never even dreamed of by the
framers of the constitution themselves. I find the
power in the words of the instrument itself:
The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts, and provide foi
the common defence and general welfare of the United States;
to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the
several States, and with the Indian tribes.
X find the power in the same place where Mr.
Madison (who has justly been been called the father
and great expounder of the instrument) found it in
1789, when, m the first Congress under it, he agreed
to, and ably advocated, the proposition of Mr. Fitz-
eimmons, to which I have before referred. I find it
in the same place where General Washington
found it in 1790, when, in his first message, he
recommends the exercise of it; where he found
it in 1796, when he again distinctly recom-
mended the protective principle; where Mr.
Jefferson found it in 1802 and in 1808, when
he recommended, in his messages of those years, the
encouragement by Congress of domestic labor and
manufactnres; where Mr. Madison found in 1810
and other years; where Mr. Monroe found it
when addressing Congress upon the subject and
urging the protection of American labor; and where
General Jackson found it when writing the letter
which was presented to the House some time since
by the gentleman from Maryland. I will not stop
to read extracts; the one hour rule which we have
adopted, hardly allows time to clear the decks for
action upon a subject like that of the tariff. I will
only say, in conclusion upon this point, that it'
there is any one question of construction settled by
an unbroken current of authority and the practice
of the government, it is that of the power of Con-
gress to lay discriminating duties upon imports.
The want of tins power was one of the reasons
which led to the adoption of the constitution. The
celebrated Mr. Davie said, in the North Carolina
convention that "the general objects of the Union
are 1st to protect us against foreign invasion: iind,
to defend us against internal commotions and insur-
rections; 3d, to promote the commerce, agriculture,
aid manufactures of America."
Some of our democratic friends from the West
join our southern friends in denouncing the present
revenue system (the act of 1842) as one of plunder
and robbery for the benefit of the northern manufac-
turers. They join in the cry of the unconstitution-
ality of the measure; and yet, sir, we find them get-
ting up and aiding in passing a log-rolling internal
improvement bill the other day, taking from the
treasury about 500,000 dollars to improve their
western harbors and rivers, &c. Where do they
find the constitutional power to do that, except in
the words which I have before quoted from the con-
stitution—the power to regulate commerce, &c. It
seems they are willing, notwithstanding the treasu-
ry is not yet replenished, to have a portion of the
plunder, as it is called. I would like to know if the
receiver is riot as bad as the thief. They remind me of
ii,« members of Congress who voted for the war of
1!:i, and then refused to vote for the necessary taxes
and supplies to carry it on. They vote appropria-
tions for the benefit of their constituents, the neces-
sary consequences of which is to create a national
debt, and a necessity for a high tariff, not only upon
the necessaries of life which we do not produce, but
uppn luxuries. "Nothing seems to come amiss if
money comes with all." But, sir, it is not my pur-
pose to complain or cast censare upon gentlemen;
and I leave this part of the subject.
Now, sir, a few words as to the .expediency of
the doctrine for which I contend.
Experience proves that all countries thrive best,
who cultivate most extensively their productive •
energies. Not to purchase what we can manufac-
ture ourselves, is a good maxim in private life, and
it is good in regard to governments. All civilized
countries have adopted measures of protection, and
none have prospered without (loing so. We need
not expect that free trade will be agreed to by ether
nations until men change their nature and cease to
be selfish, or kings contrive £ better mode'of raising
revenue than by impost duties. Under these cir-
cumstances, it seems to me that we might as well
say we would not protect ourselves in time of war,
as to say we will not adopt countervailing regula-
tions against the restrictive- policy and prohibitory
duties of foreign countries, and particularly of Eng-
land who would like to see us colonies or commer-
cial dependencies of her again. One of her states-
men, a longtime ago, said he did not want to see us
make a "hobnail;" acts of Parliament were passed,
declaring our forges, &c. common nuisances; .and
even now, she would like to supply us from her work-
shops. But, say gentlemen, we ought to be per-
mitted to purchase where we can do so the cheapest;
and we want the manufactures of England, and she
wants our breadstuff's. So she does; but does she
take them? No: she takes our specie, and turns
the balance of trade against us. Her corn laws ex-
clude our agricultural products. Our farmers have
no market in England, with whom we have most of
our commercial intercourse worth talking about;
why, therefore, deprive them of a home market,
by breaking down those engaged in mining and
manufacturing pursuits? We ought to protect our
iron manufactures, and wool growers, &c. to pro-
vide against the contingencies of war, for we- cannot
expect to be always at peace with foreign nations.
During the last war we had no blankets to cover
our soldiers, except those we purchased from our
enemies. There are many other reasons, some
connected with the preservation of a sound currency,
which might be urged in this connection; but I find
I will not have time to do so in the limited period
allowed me by the rules of the House, and I come
at once to the consideration of the reasons which
led to the repeal of the compromise act of 1833, the
passage of the act of 1*342, and the reasons which
are urged by the Committee of Ways and Means
for its repeal, and the passage of the bill now under
consideration.
In 1840, the duties under the compromise act
came down to 20 per cent, ad valorem upon all arti-
cles, without reference to their nature or kind, upon
necessaries as well as the luxuries of life. This uni-
form rate of ad valorem duties was the great principle of
the bill, and recommended it to the South. The revenue
collected under it amounted to about thirteen or
fourteen millions of dollars per annum. The ex-
penses of the government, ordinary and extraordi-
nary, amounted to about thirty millions per annum.
A large national debt was fast accruing, and a revi-
sion of the revenue laws became necessary to save
the country from bankruptcy. The bill of 1842
was passed as a revenue measure, with incidental
protection. 1 admit that it is not perfect; such a thing
is not to be expected. At the opening of the present
session, the Secretary of the Treasury informed us
that we had a permanent debt of over twenty millions
of dollars; and there would be a deficiency to pay
the current expenses of the present fiscal year, of
near five millions, and recommended the imposition
of a duty upon tea and coffee, (articles of prime ne-
cessity which we do not producc, and, therefore, the
duty operates as a tax upon the consumer,) in order
to supply the deficiency. One of my constituents,
a very intelligent man, wrote to me that we would be
obliged to yield to the suggestion, so fearful was lie
of a national debt. Under this state of facts, the
Committee of Ways and Means went to work to
revise the act of 1842, because it did not supply the
treasury with sufficient funds to pay the expenses
of the government. The first seventeen pages of
the report are devoted roan argument, to prove that
the duties under the act of 1842 were so hi^h as to
amount to prohibition, and thereby to prevent the
receipt of sufficient revenue. The bill which is now
on the table seems to be framed with that view of
the case. Before^ however the report was finished;
information reached this place, that the receipts
from the customs were so much larger than were
expected, that a deficiency of revenue need not be
apprehended; and the committee were obliged to
acknowledge the fact in the following manner:
It may be believed—as, indeed, the fact may turn out to
be—that the revival of trade will be so vigorous as, ev*n
under the existing law, to furnish the requisite amount of
revenue for the present and the next^fiscal year, other than
for the payment of those portions of the principal of the na-
tional debt which will become payable within-those years.
Information which has reached the committee since they
have had this subject undei consideration, and which is
reaching them at the present time, tends to this conclusion.
The "revival of trade," say the committee, "has
been so vigorous." What has caused a revival of
trade? I suppose it is an ability upon the part of
-the people to purchase; which, in ^ my judgment, is
some evidence of prosperity. This extract is a per-
fect answer to the bill, and the whole of the preced-
ing part of the report.
I sum up my reasons for refusing to modify the
act of 1842 as follows:
1. The different departments of- the government
are filled by gentlemen holding opposite and irrecon-
cilable opinions upon the subject of the tariff. The
session immediately preceding a presidential election
is not the proper time to settle permanently so grave
a question.
2. Stability in the revenue laws of the country
is essential to its prosperity. Uncertain' tariff laws
are worse than none at all. Sufficient time has not
yet elapsed to test the act of 1842 as a revenue meas-
ure, with incidental protection.
3. So far as the effects of the law of J 842 are
known, they are not injurious to the country. The
wages of labor have not'decreased since its passage;
agricultural products command as good a price as
before; and articles of necessity can be obtained as
cheap. One thing is certain: judging from the re-
ceipts under it for the last quarter, it is about to re-
plenish the treasury and pay off the existing na-
tional debt, which is a consummation devoutly to be
wished. When that is done, and this government
is no longer obliged to issue treasury notes, or ped-
dle its bonds among the brokers of New York and
London, and a surplus is about to be produced, I
would entertain very readily a proposition for its
repeal or modification.
4. Sufficient evidence has not been furnished to
satisfy me. that the people desire the repeal of the
act of 1842: certainly those whom I have the honor
to represent do not. Legislative resolves have been
iiresented here upon almost every subject: but none
lave been presented against the act of 1842, except
those from Connecticut; and if I recollect right, they
have had an election in that State lately which takes
off much of their force.
In the first of these reasons, I find I am sustained
by the reasoning and opinion of Senator Benton, a
gentleman who has as much experience in the busi-
ness of legislation and governmental affairs as any
man in this nation. I read an extract from his speech
delivered in the Senate on the 25th of March last.
Speaking of the act of 1842, he says:
I voted against it, and with the full conviction that I
should soon vote upon it again, and under better auspices.
"Whether the auspicious time for this voting has arrived, I
do not undertake to decide Certainly the auspices are not
all m our favor. The session of Congress before the holding
of a presidential election is not the favorable session lor
beneficial legislation A President without a party, two par-
ties without a President; the Senate oneway, the House of
Representatives another way; the President tree trade, and
the cabinet mixed:—these elements, taken altogether, com-
pose a veiy heterogeneous mixture, and pi esent an aspect
not at all favorable to the enactment of wholesome laws, or
the application ol healing leinedies to the disordeis of the
state. I e\ pji doubt whether a coo] discretion would recom-
mend <?ny attempt to settle the taritt question at tins session.
I speak of settle, m contradistinction to discuss. 1 believe in
the virtue of discussion—temperate, enlightened discussion
—directed to the intelligence, and to tlie moral sense of the
community. and. in that point of new, lorn of opinion tlidt
the senatoi from South Carolina |Mr. -\ c D( i-fik] has done
w dl tu bi ing on the pieveiit debate. but discussion is one
thins", .<nd settling the (jiiev on is ;>nothi*r 1 do not think
that the pi* sent is the tnr<j to settle the quest'ou.
I now beg leave to suite my objections to the bill
repoited by the Committee of Ways and Means,
now upon your table, fianied in pursuance of the
views of the committee as expressed in tlie first sev-
enteen pages of the report. My ume does not al-
low me to elaborate them much.
J. It will not produce revenue adequate to the
wants of the government. It, i.s framed upon th«
piinciples of the compromise act.
2. The duties proposed are not sufficiently high
upon the luxuries of life. A sufficient discrimina-
tion between luxuries and necessaries is not made.
