408
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr.- Dunlap.
H. of Reps.
by 36 majority if democrats had not voted for it;
 nd in a whig Senate it would have failed by 8 or '9
majority. Formypart, I do not oppose a good
measure, because it is advocated by my political op-
ponents, nor do I support a bad one because it is
advocated by my political friends. Upon great
questions like this,
"Let names and sects and' parties fall,
The public good be all in all/'
But if the act of 1842 was passed by a whig Con-
gress, it was in violation of solemn pledges given to
some portions of the country prior to the election of
1840, when the whig party came into power. Here
is a letter from Gen Harrison, in which he says he
had no idea of reviving the protective system, and
pledges himself to the country not to agree to the
repeal or alteration of the compromise act; and if he
had lived, he could not have signed the act of 1842,
without a violation of this pledge:
"Zanesville, Nov. 2, 1836.
"Gentlemen: I had the honor, this moment, to
receive your communication of yesterday. I regret
that my remarks of yesterday were misunderstood
in relation to the tariff system. What I meant to
convey was, that I had been a warm advocate of
that system upon its first adoption; that 1 still be-
lieved in the benefits it had conferred upon the coun-
try; but I certainly never had, nor ever would, have,
any idea of reviving it. What I said was, that I
■would not agree to the repeal as it now stands. In
other words, I am for supporting the compromise
act, and never will agree to its being altered or repealed.
"In relation to the internal-improvement system,
I refer you for my sentiments to my letter to the
Hon Sherrod Williams.
WM. H. HARRISON.
"Messrs. Dostler, Taylor, and others."
But pledges given before elections are not always
adhered to after; and General Harrison himself said
in his inaugural address that—
It was the remark of a Roman consul, in an early period
of that celebrated republic, that a most striking contrast
was observable in th£ conduct of candidates for offices of
power and trust before and after obtaining them; they sel-
dom carry out, in the latter case, the pledges and promises
;madc in the foimer.
General Harrison, however, is not the only distin-
guished whig leader who has pledged himself to ad-
here to the principles of the compromise act, which
was always confessedly so objectionable to the peo-
ple of Pennsylvania, and injurious to their interests.
I find that Mr. Clay himself, who is said not only to
embody the whig principles upon the subject of the
tariff, but also in regard to a national bank, and a
system of internal improvement, adheres to the prin-
ciples of that act. Among the resolutions which he
submitted to the Senate before he resigned, on the
15th of February, 1842, to be found in the Senate
journal of that date, at page 165, is the following:
Jiesrlred, That, m the adjustment of a tanlt to raise an
amount of twenty-six millions of revenue, the pi incijilei, oj
the cviiLmutilise net, geneially. should be adheied to, and that
especially a maximum rate of ad valorem duties should be
established, from which tlieie ought to be as little d< parture
iis {-.ossiblr
Now, what was the great principle of the com-
promise act' Why, everybody knows that it aban-
doned the doctrine of discrimination, and established
a uniform rate of ad valorem duties upon all articles,
as well of luxury as necessity Hence we always
opposed it in Pennsylvania, and our legislature
passed instructing lesolutions against it.
In conclusion, (for I find my hour is about to ex-
pire,) I have a few words to say, by way of reply,
to the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Belser,] who
has preceded me in this debate. My honorable
friend seems to think our Union will be endangered
if this system of protection is to be revived, and a
division of patricians and plebeians created, that the
South would say "Cut us asunder, unclog us, and
lot us go free;" and say "that he once loved this
Union, that he loved it still, but could not sing ho-
sannas to it." In my humble judgment, Mr. Chair-
man, it is useless to entei lain such sentiments; and
X had almost said it was wrong to express them here,
ill this great arena of national concern, which ought
to be devoted to the promulgation of feelings of at-
tachment and loyalty to that Union. Sir, I love our
Union as I love my country. It was obtained by
the blood of heroes, and the wisdom of sages. Our
constitution, which makes us one great
commonwealth of nations, wa.i framed by
the men who had passed shoulder to
xnoulder, and heart to heart, through the revolution
and stood hand in hand around the administration
cy Washington. Destroy it, and when and where
will political liberty be again entrenched within the
limits of a written constitution? That could only be
done in proper form by the men who were schooled
in the revolution, and in whose memory the recollec-
tion of its scenes and sufferings were fresh. It has been
well said, that it is the palladium of our rights, the
charter of our liberties, and the dear-bought inheri-
tance of our fathers. Some of the patriots, who aided
in laying its deep foundations', came from the South.
Let the sons of that honored soil, who would now
topple down the proud edifice, remember that, when
they shall have dug to its very corner stone, they
will find the names of Pinkney, Gadsden, and Rut-
ledge, the very first upon the roll of its builders, to
reproach them for the work of destruction. Suffer
any portion of the South to be "cut asunder," and
little Delaware will perhaps ask to "go free." And
who then will respect the glorious stars and stripes
which now so proudly float over this hall? Who
then will protect our citizens and territory in Ore-
gon? Who then will take Texas, which we hear so
much about5 Sir, the growl of the British lion will
be heard in those territories, in a manner which will
keep the citizens of all other nations at a distance,
and prevent anything like annexation. The British
lion generally likes to stand "solitary and alone."
In speaking thus, I but obey the injunction of that
great father of his country, General Washington,
who said in his farewell address, which I learned
in my school-boy days,
That you should properly estimate the immense value
of your nationalUnion to your collective and individual hap-
piness; that you should cherish a cordial; habitual, and im-
moveable attachment to it, accustoming yourselves to think
and speak ofi't as the palladium of your political safety and
prosperity; watching for its preservation with jealous anx-
iety; discountenancing whatever may suggest even a sus-
picion that it may, in any event, be abandoned; and indig-
nantly Irowning upon the first dawning of any attempt to
alienate any poition of our country from the rest, or enfee-
ble the sacred ties which now bind together the various
parts.
But, sir, I have no fears that the protective prin-
ciple will be abandoned, or this Union dissolved, or
that the northern States will be driven from their
propriety by any calculations of the Union's value,
let them come from what quarter they may. Let us
be just and fear not; and every day, every hour,
will develop still further the advantages of our
Union, and increase our attachment for our sacred
constitution.
SPEECH OF MR. DUNLAP,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives, J\Iay 1, 1844—On the
tariff".
The tariff bill, in Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, being under consideration,
Mr. DUNLAP rose and said:
Mr. Chairman: I rise to offer my sentiments on
the question now under the consideration of the
committee. The magnitude of the subject imparts to
he discussion an interest which we must all more
or less feel; and we need no authority but common
sense to teach us that the question, in all its bear-
ings, involves important, considerations.
All men are born free and equal. They also have
certain inalienable rights, among which aie life,
libeity, and the pursuit of happiness. Springing
from one hand, as they did in the beginning, and
breathing one and the same spirit from their Creator,
it is no slight thing to say that every man has not
rights, and that the source from which he claims
them is not as authoritative as that of any other
man. In discussing a subject which concerns man-
kind, it should be our aim to come to the examina-
tion with becoming candor; and m all cases to act as
for our brothers and friends, and not as against our
rivals and enemies, it is the avowed obje< t of every
man, m an examination like this, to search after
truth. jNro mail, in a discussion of this kind, would
be able to have any influence with the people, if he
should avow his intention to cover it up. Truth is
modest and unassuming. To come to her dwelling
place, and to dwell with her, we must make our-
selves like her, we must let reason act as arbiter of
the niiiid, while patience and perseverance, and un-
tiring imesugation, will unlock the vaults which we
wish to explore, and place m our possession the
treasure we seek.
AH are aware of the force of prepossessions find
prejudices. There is no clearer principle in moral
philosophy than that which avers prepossessions
and prejudices to have the power of swaying our
judgments. For this reason, a judge is disqualified
to sit in lii§ own case. The principle is equally as
true in theory as we. have found it in practice. Now,
if we enter into this discussion with one particle of
prejudice, we are swayed to a degree bearing a pre-
cise proportion to the prejudice we entertain. Let
us, then, not come to this discussion as northern
men, nor as southern men, nor as western men. Let
us throw off the garments which we wear at home,
and make truth the only object of our investigations.
Let us find out what is truth for the northern States,
what is truth for the southern States, and what is
truth for the western States. Then let these great
interests of the Union, standing upon as many posi-
tions of the same, with extended hands, march to
the centre, and there make the compromise: each
giving, each receiving, each sacrificing, and being
sacrificed to in turn, in such a manner that the
amount given and the amount, received shall be
equal.
It appears to be a law of nature "that all a man
has will he give for his life;" and it may be laid
down generally as true, that one man sets as much
by his life as another: This harmonizes with the
law of life itself; (with the few exceptions to this
rule I have nothing to do.) This being the case, it
is right that every man should pay equally for the
protection of that life which he so highly prizes.
On this ground, we perceive the propriety of a poll-
tax.
There are other things, however, beside the body
and life of man, to be protected. Men set values on
other things, one of the mo3t esteemed of which is
property. Property procures pleasure and comfort
for its possessor, and for this reason is an article of
value; but if so, then, like all other values, it should
pay for its protection. On this ground is founded
the propriety of taxing property.
It would" be absurd to expect one man to pay for
the life of another; so we should not expect one
man to pay for the property of another; but there
is a perfect propriety in every man's paying a tax
for himself and his property. Upon these princi-
ples we should expect, as property increases to
different amounts m different hands, that a different
tax should be paid by the several owners of this
property—a tax varying, according to the amount of
property possessed. What, then, is the conclusion?
Is it not that the only equal way of maintaining
government is, that each man sh^ll contribute to its
support in proportion to the property he has? Every
'man, I hold, should pay equally for the defence of
himself, and after that, for what else he has to de-
fend. To illustrate my position, I will suppose
that A and B have to pay a tax of forty dollars. A
has himself and one thousand dollars; B has himself
and-thirty-seven thousand dollars. First let A and
B pay equally for the defence and protection of
themselves; a poll-tax, say of one dollar each; there
will be left to be paid of the tax thirty-eight dollars.
Now, B is is worth thirty-seven times as much as
A; therefore B should pay of the remainder thirty-
seven dollars, and A one dollar. In view of these
consideraiions, (laying by all_ others for the mo-
ment,) it would certainly appear the most equal way
to support a government, to do it by a direct tax on
the property of the people governed. On this prin-
ciple, the rich man would pay fully for what he
had protected, and the poor man would do so like-
wise. I presume it will be admitted by all, that if
the taxes for the expenses of government could be
levied and collected as cheaply, as gently, and with
as little danger as they can be raised by imports,
direct taxation on all property would be the fairest
way. But the experience of the country has, how-
ever, proved it to be inexpedient to assess the
expenses of government directly on property; and I
am, therefore, opposed to it. But, if a man should pay
in proportion to what he has protected by the gov-
ernment, any method which varies this rule, al-
though expedient, should be handled with care.
I have said a tax on property is inexpedient.
The government must then be supported by impost
duties. But in doing this, no man should be bur-
dened any further than absolute necessity requires.
I will now look at the effects of the system of
impost duties on the countiy, its collaterals and de-
pendencies. I start here oil the ground that the
government must be supported by impost duties.
These duties are levied on articles consumed by the
people; we may therefore, with propriety, say that
the government is to be supported by a tax on the
articles of consumption. This tax must fall on
property or the wages of labor. It makes no dif-
ference, whether a man is taxed on what he con-
sumes, or on his real estate, or his personal proper-
ty) fruits of l}is labor, I will suppose a
