412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
April,
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
rivers, and that the Illinois stood in a different con-,
dition, still he (Mr. B.) would contend that it did
not vary r the question in the slightest degree. If
there had been no such clause as the one above
quoted in the ordinance of 1787, still those vaviga-
ble waters would, under the law of nations, been
common highways, free to. all the citizens of this
government, and also to the citizens ofother govern-
ments, who might think think it proper to navigate
them. In Vattel's law of nations, page 112, sec.
245, it is said:
Besides the eminent domain, the sovereignty gives a right
of another nature over all public, .common, and private
property—that is, the empire or the right of command in all
places of the country belonging to the nation. The su-
preme power extends to everything that passes in the
State, wherever it is transacted, and consequently, the sov-
ereign commands in all public places, on rivers, on high-
ways, in deserts, &c. Everything that, happens there, is
subject to his authority.
Again, the same writer remarks:
The empire or jurisdiction over lakes and-rivers is sub-
ject to the same rules as the property of them, in all the
cases which we have examined. Each State naturally pos-
sesses it over the whole, or the part of which it possesses
the domain.
But, says the gentleman from South Carolina,
the proprietary right, and the usufruct of the' United
States', being complete in the United States, over
the Ohio and Mississippi river, therefore, if the
United States does not improve them, they cannot
be improved at all. Here he would beg leave en-
tirely to differ with the gentleman. A man could not
throw a log into a public road, without subjecting
himself to a penalty. To place such an obstruction
in the way of a traveller, would be a nuisance; but
to remove it, instead of that being a nuisance, it
would be advancing the public convenience. Just
so he believed it was with a State, having a river
running through her limits, where the proprietary
right, and the usufruct to the river, were complete
in the United States. The State could not obstruct
the river, for that would be a nuisance; but if she
thought propef to remove obstructions; (until Con-
gress interfered,) she would be authorized to do so.
A navigable stream is a part of the jus publicum;
and any obstruction to its navigation, would, upon
the most established principles, be a nuisance. To
this extent go the decisions, and no farther. There
is no case which prohibits a State from removing a
nuisance from a navigable stream, that he had ever
seen. (See City of Georgetown vs. the Alexandria
Canal company, 12th Peters's Reports, page 91.)
Further, my honorable friend from South Carolina
seems not to have properly considered the character
of flie powers given to Congress in the constitution.
There is a difference between acts prohibitory to the
States; and acts which may or may not be performed
by a State. Thus it has been expressly ruled by
the highest judicial tribunal, "that a State cannot do
that which the federal constitution declares it shall
not do." It cannot "coin money." Here is an act
inhibited in terms so precise that they cannot be
mistaken. They are susceptible of but one con-
struction. And it is certain that a State cannot in-
corporate any number of individuals and authorize
them to coin money. Such an act would be as
much a violation of the constitution as if money
were coined by an officer of the State under its au-
thority. The act being prohibited, cannot be done
by a State, directly or indirectly. The same rale
applies to bills of credit issued by a State.—(See
Briscoe vs. the Bank of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky, 11th Peters's reports, page 25.)
The 10th section of the first article of the constitu-
tion of the United States, which declares that "no
State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or confed-
eration; grant letters of marque and reprisal; com
money; emit bills of credit;. make anything but gold
and silver coin a tender in payment of debts; pass
any bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law impair-.
ing the obligation of contracts, or grant any title of
nobility," is prohibitory in its character; and all ot
the powers therein enumerated are denied to the
States, and vested exclusively in Congress. And of
this same class, or a very similar one, is the ®xc'u~
sive legislation delegated to Congress, (in the oth
section of the 1st article of the constitution,) over
places purchased by the consent of the legislature of
the State in which the same shall he for the erec-
ti«m of forts, magazines, arsenals, dock-yards, &c."
In all other cases, the States retain concurrent au-
thority with Congress.—(See Houston vs. Moore,
5th Wheaton's reports, page 1.)
Ao'am: it has been ruled by the same court, before
alluded to, that, "since the adoption of the constitu-
tion of the United Slates, a State has authority to
pass a bankrupt law, provided such law does not im-
pair the obligations of contracts,*and provided there
be no act of Congress in force to establish an uni-
form system of bankrutcy conflicting with such law.
The mere grant of a power to Congress does not
imply a pro'hibition on the States, to exercise the
same power. (See'Sturges vs. Crowninshield, 4
Wheaton's reports, page 122.)
The principles to be deduced from these decisions
are— ' . .
1st. That a . State cannot exercise any power,
which is forbidden to it by the constitution.
2d. That it can exercise no power which, by the
constitution, is exclusively vested in Congress.
3d. That in all other cases, the States under the
constitution, retain concurrent authority with Con-
gress, until the laws of the States and of the Union
are in direct and manifest collision; -that when that
is the case, so far as the incompatibility exists, the
State laws must yield.
4th. That the power to regulate commerce with
foreign.nations, and-among the several States, and
with the Indian tribes," as vested in Congress under
the decisions cited, is neither prohibitory on the
States, nor exclusively vested in Congress, and that
if it authorized Congress to appropriate money to
clear out navigable streams, (which he denied,) that
until the power is put in requisition by Congress,
the States through which' which those rivers in
question run may constitutionally employ it, to re-
move obstructions independent of the ordinance of
1787.
- The power "to regulate commerce with foreign
nations, and among the several States, and with the
Indiah tribes," and the power to establish "uniform
laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the
United States," are given to Congress in the same
article, and in the same section of the constitution.
A State, according to the decision of the case of
Sturges vs. Crowninshield, (before referred to,)
has authority to pass a bankrupt law, provided it
does not impair the obligation of contracts-, ana provided,
further, there be no act of Congress in foi-cc, to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy conflicting with
such law. And the case of Houston vs. Moore (also
previously refered to) expressly declares that the
powers granted to Congress are not exclusive of
similar powers existing in the States, unless where
the constitution has expressly, in terms, given an ex-
clusive power to Congress, or the exercise of a like
power is prohibited to the States, or theie is a direct
repugnancy, in the exercise of it by the States.
After a review of the constitution, the powers
prohibited by it to the States, those exclusively
vested in Congress by the instrument, and those
merely granted to it, and a review of the decisions
of the Supreme Court bearing on the subject, he
(Mr. B.) had arrived at these several conclusions:
1. That, under the power to regulate commerce,
or any other grant in the instrument, Congress can-
not constitutionally appropriate money for the im-
provement of rivers within the States.
2. That Congress can constitutionally appropriate
money to remove obstructions m a river of one of
the Territories of the Union, when a proper case is
presented.
That if the power to appropriate money to
clear out obstructions in navigable rivers passing
through the States does exist in Congress, the
States through which the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers run are not prohibited from clearing out such
obstructions, as long as Congress neglects to do it.
4. That every navigable stream is a public high-
way a part of the jus publicum; and that the citi-
zens of this and every other government have, un-
der the law of nations, the right to navigate them.
5. That no State or individual can erect a nui-
sance on a public highway, but are at full liberty to
remove one.
6. That the superior claim set up by the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Holmks] for the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers for appropriations from
Congress over that of the Illinois river, has nothing
even olausible to rest on; that it is a distinction
without a difference.
7. That there being no authority m the constitu-
tion to authorize Congress to expend money on
any river in a State, the exercise of the right le-
solves itself into a question of national security; and
that an appropriation for the Mississippi, majestic
as it is, can only he justified on the ground of the
public safety.
8. That, since the ordinance of 178/, the States
through which the rivers in controversy flows have
been admitted into the Union on a footing with the
original States; and that the 6th article in the cbnsti-
tution which says that "all engagements entered
into before the adoption of this constitution, shall be
as valid against the United States under this consti-
tution as under the cbnfederation," does not-affect
1 any of the positions assumed as to the Ohio or Mis-
sissippi rivers.'
' lie trusted that he had fully answered the ques-
tions put to him by his friend from South Carolina,
and he flattered himself with the idea that he had
shown his positions to be incorrest. If fre had suc-
ceeded in doing this, he would, in return, ask him
to retrace his steps, and not to depart from the true
interests of the South.
But the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. McClel-
lanj?,J in the course of his remarks, alluded to the
acquisition of Texas by this government, and was
solicitims to be informed by those who were opposing
this bill, and in favor of annexing that republic to
this Union, where they expected to find the consti-
tutional power to effect such an object, while, for the
lack of the same power, they could not support this
bill? He would endeavor to gratify the gentleman
by answering his interrogatory, and also those who
seemed to catch the idea as it fell from his lips.
Here Mr. McClelland rose and stated that
what he said of Texas was used in the way of illus-
tration, and not intended as an expression either for
or against the admission of Texas into the Union.
Mr. Belser then continued by saying that he had
not "misunderstood the gentleman He was satisfied
of the intention with which the gentleman had al-
luded to the subject of Texas; but there were others-
near him at tho time who denied the constitutional
right of this government to acquire' new territory,
and who seemed to think that opposition to this bill,
and advocacy of Texan annexation, Were incompati-
ble with cach other. He was against this bill
throughout; mid at the same time unqualifiedly in
favor of an immediate incorporation of that country
into our own. While he denied that there wass any
power in the constitution to authorize the improve-
ment of rivers m the States by Congress, he justified
the acquisition of Texas us being in strict accordance
with the treaty-making power—the all controlling
right of national self-defence, and the obligation to
protect the States of this Union from foreign inva-
sion, and from domestic violence. -
In the third section of the fourth article of the
constitution, it is said that "new States may he ad-
mitted by the Congress into the Union." In the
year 1788, it was proposed, with the assent of Can-
ada, to receive her into the confederation. In the
convention which was called to enlarge the powers
which existed under the confederation, and to con-
fer on the government sufficient strength to enable it
to preserve itself, several elYoits were made to take
from Congress "the right to admit new States into
the Union." It was first suggested that the consent
of more than a majoiity of the States then in being
should be had before the power could be exercised.
This proposition was unsuccessful. It was then
moved that "theadmission of new States should be
confined to the territory then belonging to the gov-
ernment." This effort was as unlucky as the first.
But the authority on the point does not stop here;
for the Supreme Court of the United States have de-
clared, by solemn adjudication, that the constitution
confers absolutely on the government of the Union
the power of making war and of making treaties;
consequently that government possesses the powgr
of acquiring territory, either by conquest or by trea-
ty."—See American Insurance company vs. Canter, 1
Peters's Rep., p. 542.
Independent, however, of the treaty-making pow-
ei, and the precedents furnished in the purchase of
Louisiana and Florida, this nation is under obliga-
tion to preserve itself, and to do every thing which
is necessary to effect that end.
The perfection of agnation (says Vattel, lulus Law of Na-
tions) is found m what renders it capable of obtaining the end
of ctvilsociety, and a nation is m a peifect state when no-
thing necessary is wanting to arrive at that end, The end
or object of civil society is to piocure loi the citizens what-
ever they stand in need of foi the necessities, the conve-
niences, the accommodation of life, and, in geneial, what-
ever constitutes happiness, u ith the peaceful possession of
piopert>, a method of obtaining justice with security, arid
finally a mutual defence against all external violence.
If a nation is obliged to prererve itself, it is no less
obliged e;u"liilly to preserve all Us members. Since, then,
a nation is obliged to preserve itseif and its members, it has
a right to everything neee^r^ij lo their preservation. A
nation hn< a light to ov< rj tbin« that can help toward
imminent danger, and to keep at a distance whatever is
capable of causing its rtun; and that from the vei> same
reasons that establish its right to the things necessary to
its preservation. Salus populi supremo, est: lecc-~See Gov
ernors vf  Mmdithtth Ttrm
