398
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•he royal hand of the said king, the boundary line,
according' to Mr. Oswald, the British negotiator in
the treaty of 1783, and which line, so royally marked,
coincided with the claim of the United States, and
left not to Great Britain even the shadow of a single
foot of the disputed territory. This map he asserts
was in the possession of Lord Ashburton.
Mr. BUCHANAN. I said that Sir Robert Peel
said it was in the possession of Lord Ashburton.
Mr. RIVES. In that I will show the honorable
Senator he was mistaken. If a map, such as des-
cribed, was in possession of Lord Ashburton, pend-
ing the negotiations that led to the treaty of 1842,
he was not the man to use it as described, or be
guilty of that with which he stood indirectly charged.
The honorable senator, in making this statement,
took pains to have it understood that he would use
no epithets: but such pains were altogether useless;
epithets were uncalled for, as they could not be
found strong enough if his detail was fact. If it
was fact, it was indeed a mortifying commentary on
national intercourse; but if not true, it was due not
only to individuals, but to the government they re-
presented—it was due to public faith"'public truth,
and public justice, and we were bound by a high
moral obligation to see these misconceptions of the
honorable senator from Pensylvama corrected.
He was one of those whose voice went for the ratifi-
cation of that treaty; and neither he, nor one of those
■with whom he voted, ever found the slightest cause
to regret the course they then pursued. On the
contrary, they felt satisfied with having done their
duty; and, m doing so, of having been partly in-
strumental in perfecting a great national good. This
was their innate, conscientious feeling, despite all
the efforts made to drag them to the stool of repent-
ance.
The honorable senator says that Sir Robert Peel
said that this map, with the boundary line traced by
the hand of King George III, was in the actual pos-
session of Lord Ashburton when that nobleman was
carrying on the negotiations which terminated in the
treaty of 1842; but he (Mr. R.) could not find out
where he learned that fact. The mistake of the
honorable senator lay in confounding Lord Palmer-
ston with Lord Ashburton; for the speech of Sir
Robert Peel from which he quoted, and on which
he depended for authority to substantiate-his state-
ment, was a speech delivered in reply to Lord Pal-
merston, in which Sir Robert frequently alluded to
him (Lord Palmerston) as the noble lord, and said
that he, as previous foreign secretary, had Mitchell's
map of 1753 in his possession.
For the honor of the age we live in, it was neces-
sary to vindicate those thus publicly arraigned, and
show they were not guilty of any such frauds as
those laid to their charge. Lord Palmerston was
not the minister from whom Lord Ashburton re-
ceived his instructions. He was out of office, and it
was from his successor, Lord Aberdeen, the present
foreign secretary, that Lord Ashburton got the ne-
cessary directions to guide him in the perfecting of
the treaty. And in h note appended to a document
before him, emanating from the New York Histori-
cal Society, (to which every credit was due,) though
the honorable senator might not have thought it
worth his while to read it, it was distinctly stated
that Lord Aberdeen, wiio was new in officii, was
not, at the time, aware of the existence of this map,
and that Lord Ashburton was equally ignorant until
after his return to England.
The honorable senator from Pennsylvania had as
much regard as any man breathing for the character
of others; and he (Mr. R.) was confident that, see-
ing, as he now must, that his statement, like the
"baseless fabric of a vision," was destitute of found-
ation, he would do justice to those whom he had un-
intentionally injured. Lord Ashburton had with him
a map, but it was not Mitchell's map, nor had it
traced on its face, bf-a royal hand, any boundary
line: that map had nothing on it to maintain the
claims of England, and, being referred to the Maine
commissioners, was at once refuted by them.
It gave to him, on this occasion, sincere pleasure
to say of all parties concerned in that negotiation—
what he had said over and over—that their bearing,
from the commencement to the end, was manly and
frank, marked with sincerity and good faith, and
with a strict adherence to the honor of both na-
tions, which would ever distinguish this treaty m
the annals of history. That sincerity, good faith,
honorable conduct, enabled them to surmount
difficulties and remove obstacles that for years had
defied the talent and sagacity of diplomatists on both
smcs, though aided by the wisdom of a sovereign
arbitrator. It gave him pleasure to refer to the
conduct of every one engaged: it reflected on each
of them infinite honor, as well those acting for the
'sovereignties of Maine and Massachusetts as those
acting for England and the United States. Their
conduct emulated that of the fathers of their coun-
try; and they executed their trust in the spirit of
that compact wfiich sealed our title to independence.
In regard to the imputations endeavored to be cast
on Lord Ashburton, he could not resist (even at the
expense of being accused of defending a foreigner,
and that foreigner an Englishman—a son of that
cruel step-mother whose harsh treatment of us, her
offspring, has been so glowingly depicted by the
senator from Pennsylvania) his inclination to reply.
The language used by that senator, in speaking of
England, he disowned. It was not the language
of the generous spirit of America; it was not the
language of a Christian people: and it would be
well for gentlemen inclined to indulge in such lan-
guage to reflect whether it would not be more cred-
itable and more Christian-like to adopt the senti-
ments which fell from the honorable senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] a few days back,
when he said that he regarded the people of Eng-
land the same as he did the rest of mankind—"in
war, enemies; in peace, friends."
He believed Lord Ashburton—and he declared that
belief in the presence of the enlightened assembly
he addressed—to have come to this country the un-
biased friend of America and England. He came, as
he ever was, the friend of our common race; he came
convinced of the benefits arising from, and as such
the conscientious advocate of universal peace; he
came with the praiseworthy intention of cultivating
between both nations a good understanding; and he
returned closing with honor to himself, a career
marked at the outset with a devotion to the interests
of this country. He would feel himself wanting in-
ustice and humanity if he suffered the slightest cal-
umny to remain on the character of that nobleman,
which it was in his power to remove. He felt called
on, the more to adopt this course from the lesson
inculcated by the senator from Pennsylvania: that
lesson was, "England is capable of nothing towards
this country but fraud. Beware of England; she
has cheated you before, and will again." That
was the moral inculcated by him; but if he cannot
find something more plausible, and more decisive to
inculpate those to whom he has referred, they will go
clear of imputation.
What (he asked) is this map of George III, on
which the honorable senator from Pennsylvania
dwelt so long and so forcibly, as demonstrating the
right of the United States to the whole disputed ter-
ritory? Why, he could satisfy, and no doubt sur-
prise that honorable senator, by showing that, so far
from its being against England and in favor of the
United Stales, it was, if any thing, the contrary; it
went for the claims of neither, as set forth during
the negotiations; but if it proved any thing, it was,
that what was done by the treaty was right.
Mr. Rives here called the attention of the Sen-
ate to the origin of the treaty of 1783, so far as re-
lated to the northeastern boundary; the map of
Mitchell alluded to, bearing date 1783, was incor-
rect, in consequence of a typographical error. It
should be 1785. Pending that treaty, the great ob-
ject was to ascertain the northwest angle of Nova
Scotia as a starting point for the boundary line; and
the next, and at the time considered the greatest
matter in dispute, was whether the highlands were
north of St. John's river, as we claimed them, or
south of St. John's river, as Great Britain claimed
them. The latter point the map decides according
to our views; butinstead of confirming us in the stand
we took as to the position of the northwest angle of
Nova Scotia, it places it, and justly too, fifty miles
further to the west—a position which would give
to England more than she got by the treaty of 1842,
or more than she claimed at any previous period.
This map was fully borne out by the map of Mr.
Jay, (which, strange to say, was only recently dis-
covered,) of the correctness of which there could not
exist a doubt.
Mr. R., after passing a high eulogiuni on Mr.
Gallatin, than whom a more able or equitable de-
fender of American claims never existed, went on to
show that he predicted, ill his private correspond-
ence, that the northwest angle of Nova Scotia would
be found—where, after a lapse of fifty years, it was
found—in a position far more favorable to British
interests than many were disposed to believe. Ac-
cording to his reading, if he h(td not forgot what he
had read some thirty year," back, « contract or
agreement should be executed as understood by the
-contractingparties; and,-if this rule was applied to
this case on discovery of the northwest angle, we
would give to Great Britain much more than she ob-
tained by the conciliatory contract of 1842; and fur-
ther, we would have given it, without looking to
her, or without her being morally bound to give us
one foot of her territory in return. He deprecated
the policy of gentlemen who, sanguine in the doc-
trines of a modern school of philosophy, considered
there was no remedy but war for healing the differ-
ences of nations, He advocated peace, and would
go any length to secure it, so long as it could be
done with safety to the national honor.
He took on himself to answer the question put on
a former day by the senator from Pennsylvania to
the honorable senator from Kentucky, whether he,
knowing the existence of such a map, would have
executed the treaty.of 1842? To that question he
replied in the affirmative. Such knowledge would
induce him to hiAry to completion such treaty, from
the fact that the terms were more favorable than we
were actually entitled to.
He knew not what a mysterious Providence might
have in store for Oregon; but judging from the hon-
orable and happy termination of the treaty of 1842,
and notwithstanding the treacherous, perfidious, and
pilfering power of England, so fully set forth and
animadverted on by gentlemen opposite, he would
be happy to find the adjustment of the question left
to negotiation. This question has been allowed to
sleep for more than a quarter of a century, without
a pretence of injury to either side; and why the year
1844 is selected to break up our peaceablc relations,
by giving this notice, he could not tell, except it was
because an English minister, armed with full pow-
ers, is now here to bring the matter to an amicable
termination.
There could be no doubt as to the interpretation
of the Senator from Pennsylvania's meaning. His
speech solved the proposition. He would give no
threat, but do that which would show to England,
we were about to do something in earnest. The
meaning was, that we were to hold a rod over a:
power proud in arms, and say, if you do not nego-
tiate according to our views, we will enterviet armis,
and appropriate the whole of Oregon to ourselves.
To think that England would negotiate thus, with a
rod hung over her in terrorem, would be preposte-
rous.
He fully "concurred with the majority of the last
session, who, in declaring their intention not to
stimulate emigration by artificial means, at the same
time avowed their readiness to stretch forth to our
fellow-citizens, who went there, the shield of Amer-
ican justice, by extending to them the protection of
our territorial laws. To this extent he would be
found at all times going hand in hand with the
Senator from Pennsylvania; but with a recollection
of the treaty of 1842, he could not consent to any
step that would involve us in war, as long as there
was a chance, by negotiation, of securing an honor-
able peace.
Mr. BUCHANAN regretted that he was the inno-
cent cause of calling forth from the honorable gentle-
man the exertion of a speech. He had already been
replied to by the honorable senator from Kentucky
and by the honorable senator from Virginia, and
now he has got another reply from the other honora-
ble senator from Virginia; he was not, however, at
the moment, going to reply to them. He thought,
in his reply to the honorable senator from Ken-
tucky, that he was sufficiently explicit in declaring
that he had no intention to censure those who voted
for the treaty of 1842. Though he was not goings
to reply, he was glad to hear the honorable senator
[Mr. Rives] admit one thing—his willingness to ex-
tend to Oregon the benefit of our laws.
Mr. RIVES. That is nothing new. I advocated
the same last session.
Mr. BUCHANAN said there were two distinct
issues of facts between the honorable senator and
himself. He stated that Sir Robert Peel asserted,
in his place in Parliament, that a map found in the
library of the late King George the Third, with the
boundary line marked on it, and the words, ''this is
the line of Oswald's treatywritten by the King's
hand, was in possession of Lord Ashburton 'when
carrying on the negotiation in this city; and, fur-
thermore, he asserted that the expressed opinions of
Lord Brougham and Sir Robert Peel were, that, if
this map was produced in proper time, it would
have done away with the necessity for any negotia-
tion, and settled the controveisy at once. If there
was j)q censure to be cast on Lord Ashburtoti? th^rf*
