April, 1844,
Appendix to the congressional globs.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
413
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr, Belser.
H. of Reps.
Having already shown, by various authorities, the
right which thisgovernment has to acquire immediate
control of Texas, he (Mr. B.) would next proceed
to prove that Texas, under the law of nations, had
power to dispose of herself to the United States,
without incurring1 the odium of becoming a felo de se.
Texas is, beyond question, independent of Mexico.
All the great powers of the earth, which can boast
of true civilization, have declared her to be one «f
family of nations. She is, for every purpose, a gov-
ernment by right, and has the power to dispose of
herself as she thinks proper. The jurisdiction
claimed by Mexico over her soil, cannot be enforced;
it is but empty show. No title derived by conquest
can be more valid than hers.
Every acquisition, (according to Vattel's Law of Nations,
already cited) which is regular warfare, is valid under the
law of nations; accordingly, nations have ever esteemed
conquest a lawful title. The conqueror who takes a province
from his enemy, acquires just such right to it as belonged
to the country against whom he has taken up arms.
And a nation has not only a right to the soil, ac-
quired by conquest; but it has also the right after-
wards to consent to become a part of another gov-
ernment. The same writer remarks:
A nation is under an obligation to preserve with the ut-
most care its llbei ty and independence, yet, when it has not
sufficient strength of itself, and feels unable to lesist its
enemies, for the purpose of protection it may lawfully sub-
ject itself to a more pov eilul nation, and that submission
may be varied according to the agreement of the parties.
It may either leave the inferior nation a part of the sov-
ereignty, retaining-it onlj in certain respects, orit maj to-
tally abolish it, so'thot the superior nation shall become the
sovereign of the other; on. fin \ljli , i nt <>s* r n vtion may
be incorporated \\ ith 1 hi' gkf.a u r, in order 1 h* ncj for-
WARD TO form, with it, rt i 0\*f 4nd the s IMF Sta 1'J1.—
See Lvy, Bonk T'TI, rhaj>t?i 31.
For such a purpose, then, as the annexation of
Texas, he (Mr. B.,) if it were necessary to effect it,
would vote money out of the national treasury; be-
cause he thought the constitutional power clear, and
that it was necessary, fnr national defence, lliat the
country should be obtained at the earliest practica-
ble time. He viewed the question of immediate an-
nexation as an American question, involving
the agricultural, commercial, manufacturing,
and slave-h8lding interests; AND, ABOVE
ALL, THE STABILITY OF THE UNION,
AND ITS PROTECTION FROM FOREIGN
AGGRESSION. The territory embraced in Tex-
as was once American soil; and her people are bound
to ours, and ours to them, by every tie, human and
divine. Both speak the same language, have the
(same blood flowing in their veins, the same reli-
gion, the same manners and the same customs.
Both have the same devotion to the spread of lib-
eral principles, and each would equally rejoice in
beholding the world redeemed from bondage.
Mr. B. went on to observe that, when he sur-
veyed the history of the last half century, he was
struck with amazement at the unparalleled growth
of this government. The thirteen original States,
older than the Union itself, had doubled in number;
the Indians had passed, as it were, from among the
whites, to a land more congenial with their pur-
suits ; the tide of emigration had moved with
ceaseless impetuosity towards the setting sun; and
still the elements of our country's strength had been
preserved. With this bright prospect before us, where
is the man who is willing to say that he is opposed
to a further extension of republican principles' Who
is there that wishes to cause the busy hum of civil-
ization to cease beyond our present borders5 The
Anglo-Saxon race must and will have room. The
waves of freedom will continue to roll on, until
"the lone star" shall be seen as one of the
brightest in our galaxy, and we shall behold within
her borders the grateful wanderer rearing "the ver-
dant altar to agriculture and peace."
He (Mr. B.) was not opposed to the commerce of
the West. Whenever lie listened to those recitals
of human suffering which 'had been so feelingly
•pronounced by her sons on this floor, and heard
them attributed to the unimproved condition of her
xivers, he was almost ready to yield his opposition
to this hill, and to let the matter pass with a silent
vote. He, like them, however, had a duty to per-
form; and, in discharging it, he was bound to look
to the constitution, and then to the situation of the
country, as guides for his judgment. This he had
done, without any improper bias against the meas-
ure; and the conclusion of his mind was, that he
could not vote foi the bill in its present shape. He
was disposed, as far as he could, to keep pace with
the improvement of the age; to afford steam all the
advantages m his power; to annihilate space, when-
ever it could be safely done; and to see this Union
bound together by internal communications. But,
whenever these results had to be accomplished at
the expense of this nation, it was the duty of every
one to ponder well on the subject. They could not
behold a more gratifying or ennobling spectacle than
that medium of communicating information, with
the velocity of lightning, which had recently been
put in operation among us here: it was, in his opin-
ion, the nearest approximation to the power of De-
ity he had ever witnessed. But, even for so great a
work as that, he could not vote money out of the
public coffers, unless a stern and unyielding neces-
sity required it. That the bill under discussion
would pass, in some form or other, he had but little
question; and, if it did, its best and most useful ad-
vocate on this floor was his honorable and much-
esteemed friend from South Carolina, whose exer-
tions in its behalf he had already, in the course of
his remarks, had occasion specially to notice.
Mr. B. observed that when he attempted to look
to the future action of Congress on this question, he
was at once filled with gloomy forebodings. He
feared that this system was about to progress with
the stride of a giant. Already were there bills in
this House, and also in the other branch, asking ap-
propriations for divers objects; and, among the num-
ber, one for the continuation of the Cumberland
road, and another to construct a ship canal around
the falls of St. Mary's river, connecting Lake Supe-
rior with the lower lakes; and these projects con-
veyed but a faint outline of what was hereafter to
take place. Every important act of legislation
seemed to be in favor of high taxes and wasteful
expenditures. An important department of the gov-
ernment (the post office) was to be so regulated as
to become a charge on the treasury; anil through
this, and other schemes, an increased national debt
was to be created. How different was the policy of
that great man who is now resting on his laurels at
the Hermitage! Alas' his advice seems to have
been forgotten; and 110 longer are his political max-
ims regarded. They appear to have passed away
"like a tale that has been told," and,for the time be-
ing, have "perished with the using." Is there noth-
ing in all this indicating the signs of national decay?
Is the picture not sufficient to startle the people?
Can the patriot, who desires the increased prosper-
ity of his country, look on it with calmness? Can
the philanthropist, who prays for the augmented
happiness of the human race, fold his arms at such
a scene, "and say 'tis well' Can the man of God
rejoice in the prospect now before him'
Sir, for one, I will not believe it. 1 look forward
to a political resurrection, to a new-born zeal, in fa-
vor of constitutional liberty. I anticipate, with
pleasing delight, the return of that period, when
these combinations of interest will be ^checked by
the voice of an indignant people; when" the explo-
ded systems of the trans-Atlantic world, which have
beggared millions, will find no abiding place in this
government. 3 rely with confidence on the silent
operations of truth on the human mind; and the
Christian votary, who bends his knee m devotion to
his God, cannot more fervently beseech that the
time may soon arrive when the principles of uni-
versal peace and universal happiness shall pervade
the earth, than I do that the hour may approach
when a well-regulated equality will govern the
world.
"Truth, crushed to earth, will me again<
The eternal years of (rod are h< rs,
But error, wounded, writhes m pain
And dies amid her worshipers."
Sir, 1 have good reason to believe in the influence
of truth. I once possessed many of these notions
of building up a splendid government. I once was
the advocate of appropriating public property to the
improvement of a river ma State; but my opinions
on this subject have long since changed. The re-
sult of my experience has taught me that the conser-
vative principle of this government is to exercise
no doubtful powers ill the administration of its af-
fairs: to grant no special privileges to any class; to
build up no monopolies by legislation, ect rigidly
to adhere to tiie constitution as it is written.
I repeat (said Mr. B.) that our only security is to
be found in a written constitution. It is the strong-
est shield winch can be interposed to stay the arm
of encroachment. The disposition manifested,
during this Congress, to enlarge the powers of the
government, is truly alarming. A national bank;
a protective tariff; a distribution of the public
lands; enormous expenditure; and a change m the
veto power (to make the rest easy) are all de-
manded. The people, in the end, maijt become sa-
tiated with usurpation; and when that is the case,
open resistance to tyranny, or ignominious servi-
tude, is the consequence. An attack on the rights
of the States ip no longer noticed. The sentinels
on the watch-tower are but few in number; and
when they sound the alarm, the country still sleeps;
"the warriors of CadmuS are scarce." The most
flagrant violations of right, and the greatest usurpa-
tions of power, create no shock; everything is in a
collapsed state, and no vivifying appliance can-pro-
duce reaction.
How long will this state of things continue'
Have we, as a nation, become infirm and weak of
purpose? Have we lost the spirit of our forefathers?
Is there nothing which can rouse the public from its
lethargy? Are the descendants of a noble race to
remain motionless, when beset with dangers on
every side? He trusted that the delusion would only
be temporary. He yet hoped to hear the democratic
party assume a bold tone of defiance to all schemes
calculated t,o seduce them from their primitive prin-
ciples. He besought members to look to the pres-
ent condition of the country. See it already loaded
with debt, and then answer the question, whether
they are prepared to impose further burdens on a
tax-paying people. Let them recollect that every
dollar which they vote away for internal improve-
ments, has to come from the industry of their con-
stituents. In a word, let tham pause in their profli-
gate career, and once more return to the faith of their
fathers.
The present and the future are both, to some ex-
tent, under their guidance. The happiness of mil-
lions has been for a certain time confided to their
care. The trust is too sacred to be sported with.
He Wanted gentlemen to cast aside their party pre-
delections, and think on matters as they really are.
He wanted them to look to the attitude of the States,
which have been prosecuting works of internal im-
provements on an extended scale. Behold them in
bondage, not to the people of their own government,
but bound hand and foot to European capitalists.
They have borrowed and expended, until they can
borrow no more; and for want of money, their works
must moulder and rot. In view of all these things,
it behooved the democratic party to act the part of
firm men; and if, after one united struggle, they
are destined to fall, let them fall in defence'of prin-
ciple, with this face to their enemy, bearing aloft
their time-honored banner of equal rights and
equal privileges.
Sir, it is the too frequent departure from princi-
ple that is destroying the democratic influence. The
whig party of the country are willing to take their
candidates with "a generous confidence;" and if
they proclaim themselves "whigs," it is all-suf-
ficient. Not so with the democratic party. A can-
didate, to be successful with them, must not deal in
generalities. They expect of him candor and fair-
ness. Double dealing forms no part of their creed.
They will not tolerate a set of politicians who, on
one day, will say "that all efforts of the abolitionists
or others, made to induce Congress to interfere with
questions of slavery, or to take incipient steps in re-
lation thereto," are calculated to lead to the most
alarming and dangerous consequences; and the next
day will turn round and vote for abolition petitions
designed to carry out the purpose which they have
just condemned. They will not permit their agents,
when within their view, to inscribe on their flag
"free trade, low duties, no debt, separation from
banks, economy, retrenchment, and strict adherence
to the constitution," merely that they may abandon
such a cause as soon as they enter the halls of legis-
lation. This, sir, is the reason of our divisions.
We do not stand on the broad platform of principle,
as proclaimed at Baltimore in 1840. Many of the
devoted of that day have gone off in search of
false idols; they have raised their moorings, and are
now adrift on a sea of experiment. They are for
protection, and against "free trade and low
duties." They are for debt instead of "no
debt." They are for expenditure instead of
"economy and retrenchment." They are for
enlarging the powers of the government, so as to
cover protection to manufactures and expenditures
for internal improvements, and opposed to a strict
adherence to the constitution. No party thus act-
ing can be successful before the democracy of this
Union. They had far better strike their colors at
once than longer to persist in such a course. They
are becoming fast the mere plaything of their oppo-
nents. The whig party have among them skilful
managers. They will prepare bill upon bill, in
which the constituents of gentlemen, in particular
