4U
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May rl844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
The Tnriff—Mr. Murphy.
H. of Reps.
• Yet great as. your commercial interest is, or
may become, it is only tributary to "the rest
of the' industry of the country, and is the
exponent of its condition. It is merely the
means of the exchange of the cheap produc-
t-ions of your land for the cheap productions
of others. And what are the cheap productions
of this country? We can raise the produce of the
soil easier than any other people; our lands are
cheaper and richer, and more abundant. We pay
for our imports by our exports. As the one in-
creases, the other increases; and as much cheaper
as our articles of imports may be than we can produce
them, so much the richer are we by the exchange.
As agriculture is the great exporting interest of this
country, as its productions are obtained by us
cheaper than anything else in the great market of
the world, when commerce is prosperous, that is
prosperous. Our commercial restrictions, therefore,
falling immediately upon our marine, ultimately
injure our production.
Sir, I am the friend of manufactures, so far as
they give employment to labor, as they encourage
science and art, and as they furnish us with
many ofthe conveniences and luxuries of life, as much
so as my learned friendfrom Vermont, [Mr. Marsh,]
who has spoken'so eloquently of them. I would
give them encouragement, but' not exclusively; not
by deriving labor of its just reward in other
branches ; not by obtaining those comforts of life
at a dearer rate than is necessary ; not by breaking
down the great barrier of equal rights and priv-
ileges.
It is so obviously the rule of interest and right that
we should employ our labor in that which will yield
ua the largest returns, arid men are so quick to
engage in those pursuits that are most advan-
tageous to them, that I hold that any attempt
by government to fo'ree the industry of the
country into a particular channel, is to violate the
plainest dictates of national interest. I would there-
fore leave your manufactures to that incidental pro-
tection which every revenue law must, to its extent,
necessarily afford. In such an event,-they would
grow with the growth and strengthen with the
strength of the country. They would not be liable
to that continual change which a protective tariff,
burdening other classes, is continually liable to; for
as long as that partial system shall continue, so long
will the people tie restive—so long will opposing in-
terests seek its destruction. They would acquire
stability: capital invested in them would be secure,
and labor employed in them would be steady; and
both capital and labor would leave other branches of
industry, and seek that as soon as it would be their
interest to do so. As, then, the true friend of man-
ufactures, I deprecate the hot-bed system of protec-
tion so called; and desire that the present tariff bill
may be amended and modified before capital shall
be invested under it, in expectation of its benefits;
lest, by making the period of correction too remote,
(for come sooner or later it will, as certain as it is
partial in its benefits,) the whole system will fall,
burying its votaries in irrecoverable ruin.
X know that it is said by the restrictionists, that
high duties make low prices; and the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Wethereh,] the other day,
told us of various articles of domestic fabrication
which were cheaper now than the same articles of
foreign manufacture were before the duty was laid.
The argument, as I understand it, and I wish
to state it fairly—is this: that protection for a time
enables the home manufacturer to improve and com-
plete his art, so as ultimately to reduce the price. If
this be so—if low prices have been already brought
about, then there is no longer necessity for the pro-
tective duty; for if the domestic article can be sold
cheaper than the foreign article by reason of the
encouragement it has received, the design ofthe law
has been accomplished. Why, then, seek to con-
tinue it' The. truth is, however, the statement
itself is a fallacy It is chronologically true, but
practically false. It is true that we mannfactuie
many goods cheaper than they could be manufac-
ured in other countries at the time the duties were
laid; and that is in consequence uf the improvement
in our machinery. But it must be recollected that
this improvement has also been made to an equal
extent, and has had an equally reductive effect in
foreign countries. The consequence is that they
manufacture as much cheaper now than they did
before, as we do now than before; and that their
articles are nearly, if not quite, as much cheaper than
ours now as they were then.
But, jf it is atifl contended that the effect of h^gh
duties is to reduce prices, how long, I ask,'before the
effect will be produced? We have had this mis-
named protection for nearly thirty years, and the
demand is as urgent as it was before it was adopted.
I have in my hands a.comparative statement of the
tariff of 1828, and that of 1842, which shows that
your duties now are in many cases as high, and in
some cases higher than they were iinder the highly
protective tariff of the former year. It is true that
the rates of 1828 did not continue during the whole
of the intermediate time, but they continued protect-
ive under the act of 1832, until the 1st January,
1842, when the compromise act began to act in favor
of revenue only. This is the statement:
Names of Articles.
Coal
Cottons
Cotton bagging -
Copper
Glass, (some)
Sugar \-
Steel
Ware, (crockery -
Ware (Japanned,)
Woollens, (some,)
Woollens, (camlets]
Tariff of 1842.
$1 75 per ton
100 per, ct*
4 cts. per sq. yd.
4 cts. per lb.
400 per cent.
2 1-2 cts. per lb.
$1 50percwt.
30 per cent.
30 per cent.
40 to 67 percent.
20 percent.
Tariff of 18-28
$1 48 per ton.
80 percent.
3 1-2 cts. pr. sq. yd.
4 cts. per lb.
400 percent.
3 cts. per lb.
$2 50 per cwt.
20 per cent.
26 per cent.
50 per cent.
Id per cent,.
How long are those high duties to continue be-
fore we will reach the low price? If ten years are
not long enough, how many will answer? In truth,
if half a generation is not long enough, we ought to
abandon the attempt in despair.
We find in this list cottons still taxed one hun-
dred per cent., although it is alledged that the high
duties has reduced their price. That, however, is
not correct. The reduction which has taken place
in that description of goods below the price of Brit-
ish manufactures, does not exist, in fact, except for
coarse cottons; and that has not been in consequence
of protection, hut independently of it. Your cotton
manufactures were e stabhshed before your system
of protective tariffs commenced—namely, before
1816. In 1810 they were already permanently es-
tablished in New England. The reduction which
has ensued has been the natural result of the free-
trade law, that wherever a brunch of industry is
left unrestrained by unequal laws, it will improve
and advance according to the improvements aVid ad-
vancement of the country.
It is also said by the friends of monopoly, and it
was recently repeated by my honorable colleague,
[Mr. W. Hunt,] that the building up of manu-
factures, by taxing the other departments of indus-
try, creates a home market for the agricultural pro-
ductions ofthe country. If this were so, if a higher
price can be obtained for his produce, by the farmer
in consequence of the tariff, what, let me ask, be-
comes of the labor of the country? How are the
artisans, the mechanics, the laboring classes, the
professions, in a word the great body of consumers
who are not manufacturers or farmers, affected?
Why, sir, you not only compel them to pay more
for their clothing and other manufactured articles of
use, but also to pay more for the bread and meat
which are also necessary to support life. You in-
flict upon them a double injury for the benefit of two
other classcs, in mockery of all right and justice.
Can it be that, in a country of equal rights and privi-
leges, any combination of large interests can be al-
lowed to oppress the minority, because it is to their
advantage?
The, position, however, is not correct. It is a tub
thrown out to catch the whale. It is o sophism of a
few manufacturing capitalists to deceive the gieat
body of the people" who, in this country, are engaged
in agriculture, and to gain them to their schemes.
I ask my colleague, who comcs from a wheat grow-
ing region, what price current his constituents con-
sult for the price of wheat. Is it that of Pittsburg
or Lowell, or any other great manufacturing point'
or is it that of the city of New York, the great ex-
po) tmg point-' In truth, sir, the manufactur-
es of this country, with all the home mo-
nopoly which the laws have given the,n, have
not increased, m consequence of that mono;«'iyf
sufficiently to consume one hundredth part of the sur-
plus agricultural productions of the country. A
few thousands or hundreds of thousands, moic or
less, among seventeen millions of^ people, cannot af-
fect the consumption so as materially to enhance or
reduce price. It, is the great ma^s of our population,
and that of the world besides, which gave price to
the great staples of agriculture. I do not deny that,
in the immediate neighborhood of any populous
place, the. price of products which cannot be carried
to a distant market—as summer fruits, vegetables,
and other products of a quickly perishable charac-
ter—are affected by them; but it is as idle to sup-
pose that the consumption of those manufacturers
who obtain employment from this special legislation
affects the great bulk or surplus of our agricultural
EroductSj as that the consumption of the waters of
«ake Erie by the canals which are supplied,from it
affects the tumbling volume of Niagara.
My object thus far has been to show that a tariff
transcending the highest revenue line is neither con-
sistent with our powers nor with good policy. It
is evident, for 'the same reasons that within the
revenue range the height to which a tariff may be
carried will depend upon the requirements of the
government to pay tne debts and provide for the
common defence and general welfare of the country,
in the manner pointed out by the constitution. I .
do not mean, however, to be understood as asserting
that the same rate of duty should be placed upon
every article of importation, or, in other words, that
a horizontal line, as it is called, should be adopted.
Departures from such a line must be made in order
to preserve the principles of raising revenue, and of
equality, which constitute the basis of all taxation.
No one doubts that the imposition of a heavy du-
ty on articles of small bulk and great value—such as
precious stones, and the like—tends to defeat revenue,
oy inducing smuggling, in consequence ofthe facility
of concealment; while a low duty, affording no suffi-
cient object to run the hazard of a violation of the
law, will yield the contemplated revenue. The ne-
cessities of revenue here come in conflict with the
principle of equality; for the rich, being the exclu-
sive purchasers of those articles, pay a less duty on
them than the poor are compelled to pay upon many
necessaries of life. Thus diamonds, under the ex-
isting law, pay a duty of 7£ per cent., and salt of 61
per cent. Under the law now proposed, however,
the duty on salt is reduced to 20 per cent; still show-
ing a discrepancy, created by the necessity of the
case.
A more important departure from an uniform
rate of duty is suggested by the proposed reduction
on salt—that of distributing the burden of taxation
according to 'property. A man with no property
uses as much salt as the man of wealth. He there-
fore pays as much of the tax. This is the great ob-
jection so often urged against indirect taxation; for
while one man uses as much of the necessaries of
life as another, the rich man does not purchase arti-
cles of luxury in proportion to his means. A dis-
crimination, therefore, in favor ofthe poor as against
the rich, by the imposition of higher duties on the
luxuries than on the necessaries of life, is demanded
by the highest considerations of justice. The pres-
ent tariff, instead of this arrangement, has, in many
instances, the reverse. Thus Wilton carpets, which
are the most costly, and used exclusively by the
rich, pay a duty of 28 per cent.; while common in-
grain carpets, which are in ordinary use, pay a duty
of 46 per cent., and treble ingrain a duty of 87 per
cent.
The proposed bill increases the duty on"Wil-
ton 2 per cent., and reduces that on common in-
grain 16 per cent., and double ingrain 57 per cent.
On unbleached cottons, under "the present law,
the lowest duty is 95 per cent.; while on bleached
and finished cotton goods, it is only 30 per cent.
The proposed law abolishes both. Common win-
dow glass, under the existing tariff, pays a duty
of from 94 to J50 per cent.; plate glass only from 30
to f>0 per cent., and common tumblers pay 98 per
cent., while cut <rlnss < iiiuulelh'vs pay only Co per
rent. The present hill reduces all to 30 per cent.
The duty on coal, under the present law, is most
oppressive. Of late years coal has, in my section cf
the country, superseded almost altogether the use. o
wood as fuel, and is in common use by all classes
of society. Yet this important article for life and
comfort is subjected to a tax of $1 75 per ton, for
the special benefit of a few coal companies in Penn-
svlvania and elsewhere. The consequence is, that
instead of obtaining our coal at £3 or $4 a ton, we
arc compelled to pay $5 or $0, and often even a
higher price for it. The new bill proposes to reduce
this duty 27 per cent.
In graduating the duties imposed by a revenue
tariff, there is another principle of discrimination,
which sound national policy admits, and. that is in
favor of articles of prime necessity for the defence of
the country against foreign aggression. I say prime
necessity; for, by the mode of argument adopted by
the protectionists, all manufactures are jjiadena-
