420
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
Senate.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Post Office Bill—Mr. Haywood.
to her will; when she is claiming the territory of this
government, and endeavoring to get a foothold on
this continent to uproot a part of our domestic insti-
tutions, it is the duty of every patriot to say to her,
"the argument is exhausted; we will stand by our
arms;" we have "millions for defence; not one cent
for tribute.",.
Again: "Union at all hazards." He had seen the
day when he loved the Union; he still had an affec-
tion for it. He admired the work of the mighty
men who had passed from this stage of action; but
he could not, at this time, strike tne loud anthem of
gratitude, nor sing hosannas to it as he once did.
He loved the Union, not deformed as the monopolist
would make it, but pure and undefiled as it was
when it first receivedits existence.
"5. Men only of character, fidelity, and ability,
appointed to office."
This is another admirable declaration; but the
difficulty is, that politicians most generally conclude
that those who agree with them in opinion, are men
of "character, fidelity, and ability." They, in gen-
eral, are profuse in professions, but deficient in
practice.
"6. Just limitations and restraints on executive
power."
On this point, he" would observe that there was
at least as much, if not more, danger to be appre-
hended from legislative, than from executive usurp-
ation. He deemed it expedient to preserve the
checks and balances of the federative system; other-
wise the weaker portions of the Union would soon
become subservient to the strong. He was for
letting the constitution remain as it is. It was the
work of great minds, the shield of our liberties, the
citadel- of freedom around which the friend of his
country can rally in the hour of trial. While it re-
mains untouched, the little creeping vermin who in-
fest such edifices may attempt to build up their
habitations within, but the injury to the fabric will
be unseen and unfelt. Strike out, or even modify, the
veto power in the constitution, and you at onee
change the whole character of the government. Do
this, and you license every species of monopoly;
bankers, protectionists, and their adjuncts, will
flourish. Do this, and you may forthwith pre-
pare the winding-sheet of the republic. It is
said "that the Roman tribunitial veto, however im-
perfect as a mere experiment, was considered by
the people as the best safeguard of their rights; but
by a Senate, installed for life, as highly inconve-
nient."
"7. A distribution of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands among all the States on just and
liberal terms."
To carry out this policy with an empty treasury,
and a national debt, is to give away with one hand,
and to collect with the other. It is to abstract a
certain amount from the public coffers to corrupt the
States, and then to raise out of the people the same
sum, encumbered with the expenses of collection.
It is to assert a title to the property of this govern-
ment, the largest portion of which has been acquired
by purchase, and paid for with the money of the peo-
ple of this Union. It is to set up a new claim to
the proceeds of the soil for the States, after this gov-
ernment, for a series of years, has been exercising
full ownership over it, and granting away portions
of the same to individual States of this Union,
through the legislation of Congress. Finally, it is
to destroy the graduation and pre-emption principles
heretofore recognised in the disposition of the pub-
lic lands. And all this is to be done to afford the
protectionist an opportunity to demand higher tax-
ation. It is in perfect concord with the opposition
of its author to the agricultural interest, when, in
1838, he declared, in the United States Senate, that
"the whole pre-emption system was a violation of
all law;" and "that the squatters on the public lands
were a lawless rabble; that they might as well seize
upon our forts and arsenals, or on the public treas-
ure, as to rush out and seize on the public lands."
The act of the Virginia Legislature in 1783; the
deeds of cession from North Carolina and Georgia,
with their stipulations; the treaties of 1803 and 1819,
by which Louisiana and Florida were acquired; and
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States in the case of Jackson vs. Clark, (IstPeters's
Reports, page 664)—all united together do not fur-
nish Congress with authority to distribute the pro-
ceeds of the public lands among the States.
"8. A just administration of our common consti-
tution, without any addition to, or abstraction from,
ihe powers which it fairly confers, by forced inter-
pretation."
This is but an epitome of the doctrines held by
the Supreme Court of the United States, in the case
of McCulloch vs. the State of Maryland—designed
to enlarge the interpretation of that clause of the
constitution which authorizes Congress to carry the
delegated powers into effect. It is the language of
the latitudinarian; it has no resting-place with the
advocates of strict construction. It is not of Jeffer-
sonian origin.
"9. The preservation exclusively by the States of
their local and peculiar institutions."
As a commentary on this last declaration of prin-
ciples, intended particularly for the South, he would
point to .the number of abolition petitions which
have been sent to this hall—to the attempt to inter-
fere with the rights of a portion of the States, by
the adoption of resolutions in Massachusetts to de-
stroy the slave representation on this floor—to the
opposition now making to the annexation of Texas
to this Union, because it is alleged that it is designed
to foster slavery—to the anti-American spirit winch
is manifested on the subject, by holding out Mexico
to us as a weak nation, to operate on our sympa-
thies; and, in the same breath, endeavoring to excite
our fears, because of the power of Great Britain',
who has Mexico bound to her by debt, and who is
now using her for the purpose of eradicating slavery
in the South.
These nine articles of faith compose the creed of
the protective party of this government, according to
the latest advices; what other phasis may yet be
assumed, remains to be seen.
But (said Mr. B.) the opponents of the protective
principle are charged with endeavoring to bring rain
upon the country. The tariff of 1842 is stated to be
acting like a refreshing shower after a dry time.
For himself, he had not witnessed this new era of
prosperity. To him, distress was visible in many
quarters. He never had been an agrarian. He
respected the institutions of his country; and he was
for laying no violent hands on any of them, as long
as it could be prevented. He had 110 disposition to
see the manufacturing interest destroyed. He de-
sired to behold that, and every other branch of
American industry, flourish; but, at the same time,
he wished to see them left dependent on their re-
sources. If, however, this is not to be the case—if
agriculture, the basis of every other interest, is to be
partially destroyed—if commerce is to be paralyzed,
and manufactures are to prevail, and privileged classes
are to grow up—if monopoly is to become the pre-
vailing feature of the government—if a portion of us
are to be "hewers of wood and drawers of water,"—
then, he repeated, will the system have to be put
down; then will it become necessary "to calculate
the value of the Union."
And where would be the South in the contest
which would ensue? Where would be the West'
And where the plebeians of every section? Where,
he asked, would be the descendants of the Hugue-
nots, who fled from France to enjoy liberty? Where
the free trade men of 1832, who were then for driv-
ing things to a crisis? Where would be those who
then lauded "nullification as the rightful remedy?"
Where would be the Union men of that day? They
would rise, and with one united voice cry "Down,
down with the tyranny!" He would vertture to say
that they would all rush to the rescue, that the prin-
ciples on which this Union was established should
be maintained; and that they might preserve, as it
was received from their patriot fathers, the sacred
legacy of liberty and independence.
SPEECH OF MR. HAYWOOD,
OF NORTH CAROLINA.
Ill Senate, April 24, 1844—On the Post Office bill.
Mr. HAYWOOD rose and said, that if he were
ever so favorable to the other details of the bill un-
der discussion, still it would be impossible for him
to give his sanction to that part of it which altered
the maimer of franking by members of Congress.
He did not wish to be thought over sensitive upon
a point of personal dignity; but the dignity, not to
say the legislative integrity of the Senate as a. Senate,
he would guard with scrupulous vigilance; and he
apprehended that this bill (especially the ninth sec-
tion) exposed them to be questioned. He entreat-
ed the Senate to turn their attention to this point,
and to look it plainly in the face. He said that,
by the law as it existed at that time, they might
send documents free of post charges under their own
frank. This the bill did not propose to alter mate-
rially. They might under the law, as it stood, al-
so receive letters and packets, sent to their address,
free of post charges. Neither did the bill propose
any material alteration in that respect. True, in
both cases, the time for sending documents, and for
receiving letters without paying postage, was limited
by the bill to the. period during which Congress
might be in session, and for thirty days before and
after it. He did not regard these changes as material,
because the time designated by the bill included all
that period in which it was likely members of Con-
gress would transmit many documents, or receive
many communications from their constituents. But
by the law, as it had existed for years, .senators
might, under their own frank, send letters to others,
free of charge, without limit; and this the bill pro-
posed to alter in such a manner as he felt disposed
to protest. against with more earnestness than he
could fully express without an appearance of disre-
spect. What was the change it proposed? That sen-
ators should be supplied with stamps from the Post-
master General, equal to five per day, and worth
fifteen cents each; which stamps they might use in
franking their letters, or as the chairman of the Post
Office Committee had said, they "might do what they
pleased with thenv" give them away, or (Mr. H. sup-
posed) they might even sell them out to others!! Had
senators heretofore abused the privilege of franking
documents? There was nothing in this bill to prevent
it hereafter. Had they defrauded the revenues of
the department by giving their franks to others
against the express words of the law, and in ttie
face of penalties to be enforced for it' Then they might
hereafter do the same thing with these stamps; and
hereafter, without any violation of law, and without
being subject to penalties, they might sell their
stamps for money and pocket the proceeds ! ! The re-
sult of such a change then' would be this: that where
the privilege of franking had been heretofore allow-
ed, even its abuses hadljeen practised for the use of
the public. Hereafter that privilege might be—would
be—converted into a source of pecuniary profit to
senators equal to seventy-five cents a day. It was
constituting the whole privilege an abuse. It was
wrong; and it exposed the Senate to a suspicion of
deeming to vote money into their own pockets,
under the pretext of reforming an abuse of their
franking privilege! It was selling instead of surren-
dering privileges ! ! *
He asked the Senate to look and see the amount at
which the franked letters of members of Congress
had been estimated by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roacls. They had reckoned the'
aggregate amount at $31,555. The bill under con-
sideration proposed to substitute "in lieu thereof"
five stamps per day to each member while Con-
gress holds its session. Taking long and short
sessions together, he supposed the two would av-
erage six or seven months per year, (he feared at
no remote period these long sessions would last all
the year.) Mr. H. said there were 223 members
of the House, 52 senators, and two clerks; that
the bill authorized the issuing of stamps to the
amount of 75 cents a day for six months—or §135
per year—to each member; and the aggregate amount,
therefore, would be $37,895 if Congress sat six
months a year, and $43,629 if it sat seven months a
year; that, in that way, the franks of members would
be increased under the form of reducing them. From a
privilege exercised by members for the public use,
it would be converted into 5,10, and 15 cent stamps
for their own use. Mr. H. deprecated this. It
was a species of legislative barter he did not like
at all. The single fact that a senator's privilege
was to be thus perverted, or made so easy to pervert,
into a means of getting so much cash or its equiv-
alent, was quite enough for him without respect to
the amount! He might hereafter examine this mat-
ter in reference to its operation upon the revenues
of the department. What he designed at that stage
of the discussion, was to bring distinctly before the
Senate the question, Whether such a reform as that
was calculated to stop clamors? and whether these
clamors might not be increased; or, what was worse
than all, whether they might not be justified, if this
were the only remedy for our abuses of franking?
A remedy so unjust to the public, so unreasonable
in itself, so disreputable to the Senate, he could not
vote for under any circumstances. A decent sur-
render of the whole privilege was, in his judgment,
infinitely preferable to it.
Mr. H. said he felt no great no solicitude upon
the subject of retaining the franking privilege of.
senators, nor did he believe it had been so greatly
abused as some thought. If it were- wise or neces-
sary to enter upon the "experiment of cheap rest-
