CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
•^feawy.Viii ■
called on to give; but now, at the moment when a
negotiation is pending to break that convention,
and set the question at rest forever, matters of con-
troversy not dreamed of before, are now dragged
forth. The honorable senator from Pennsylvania,
as he understood him, was not averse to proceeding
by negotiation, but he stated that giving notice
would not impede negotiation, but, on the contrary,
accelerate it.
Mr. C. proceeded at great length to reply to the
arguments advanced by Mr. Buchanan, but owing
to the sudden indisposition of the reporter who had
charge of the greater part of his speech, we are un-
able to give even an outline of his remarks in our
present number.
Mr. C.read a passage from the petition of the Hud-
son Bay company to the British government, ask-
ing for a renewal" of their charter, to show that they
had not the slightest view of forming agricultural
colonization; their whole avowed object, in relation
to land, being to allow their retired servants to take
up and cultivate patches of soil, each on his own
account, and at his own risk. Mr. C. also read
from the British Foreign Quarterly Review of Jan-
uary, lti44, passages to show that the Hudson Bay
company were averse to their servants extending
their cultivation of the soil. These retired servants
were, day after day, dropping off from their fealty
to the British, and becoming sincerely desirous of
settling down as citizens under the government and
protection of the United States. He also referred to
the report of Dr. White, in the documents accom-
panying the President's message; and again.to the
Colonial Magazine of August last, to show that the
lauds south of the Columbia were awaiting the sole
occupancy of American citizens. In relation to the
assertions made on the other side, that 500 of our
citizens had been murdered through the instrumen-
tality of the Hudson Bay company, he asserted
positively that there was not a particle of evidence,
worthy of the least credit, that the Hudson Bay
company had any agency whatever in the death of
our citizens; while there was abundance of testimo-
ny furnished by every missionary west of the
liocky mountains, that, so far from the company or
its servants interposing opposition to our coloniza-
tion, they had exhibited the utmost friendship, and
offered every facility in their power, to our citizens
for becoming settlers. The 500 persons alleged to
have been killed in the Territory, lost their lives
fifteen years a o under peculiar circumstances,
winch he adverted to, chiefly in consequence of the
fueds between two British rival far companies.
These companies fought battles against each other;
arid, of course, neither had the slightest control,
moral or otherwise, over the Indians and half-breeds;
the consequence of which was, that the savages did,
probably, murder isucli American citizens as they
could meet with.
But in 1829, the scene was wholly changed, and
the Hudson Bay company obtained a controlling in-
fluence over the Indians, trappers, and hunters:
since which, not a human being, an American citi-
zen, had suffered injury. The company had not for
fifteen years, by foice, fraud, or mhospitahty, inter-
posed the slightest obstacle to our emigrants occu-
pying whatever portions of land they chose to se-
1'Ct.
In conclusion, he said it was beyond a shadow of
doubt, that, if the present convention were permitted
to remain undisturbed,the country must,within a very
few years, become ours, quietly, peaceably, and with-
out offence to England. The Hudson Bay company,
being a hunting company, will go out with the le-
tinng game. He recommended a vigilant eye to be
kept on Oregon for new developments calling for in-
terference: to keep negotiation afloat, till the ques-
tiuii was settled; and, m the mean time, to go on fill-
ing the Territory with our emigrants. This policy
must, in the end, be successful. He referred again
to the British and Foreign Quarterly Review for an
opinion that EngHnd was willing to yield up the
agricultural occupation of the territory to the Uni-
ted States, for a temporary right to the use of the
harbors and m ers of Oregon. He could not, even
in this proposition, see anything to be startled at.
'These were subjects of negotiation, like that of the
navigation of the St. John, in the treaty of Wash-
ington. If, in five or ten years, it should come to
pass that the isthmus of Panama should be cut by
a canal, it was probable that an additional value
would be given to the western coast, harbors, and
rivers of this continent. In the mean time, the duty
of senators was, in their place in Congress, to con-,
template things as they were, and to act upon them
with discretion. He denounced the terms of hatred
and enmity in which England and the British gov-
ernment were habitually spoken of in debate; while,
at the same time, he applauded the swelling senti-
ments ef patriotism which pervaded the commu-
nity, and instigated this jealousy. It was the he-
reditary enmity and hatred fomented against Eng-
land that he denounced. Should America—the
young, the free, the joyous—he asked, looking
forward to such a future as the world never saw, be
permitted to corrode her own heart, by adverting to
wrongs and injuries long since settled? He believed
this notion of habitual hatred to England belonged
to a past age. His young cotemporaries did not
know what it meant. They had no hatred; they
had no memory for wrongs for which Jirave men
had made the last expiation to the brave.
Mr. BUCHANAN having next obtained the floor,
remarked that he had yielded it to the senator from
Massachusetts this morning, to make, as he had
informed him, an explanation. He (Mr. B.) had
no complaint whatever to make. The senator had,
however, made a speech, and certainly a very stu-
died speech; and it was altogether, or very nearly,
in reply to himself, (Mr. B.) He had had the ho-
nor of being replied to by four gentlemen; and he
was sure, after all this, the Senate of the United
States would permit him to pay his respects to the
senator from Massachusetts. He (Mr. B.) was en-
tirely unconcious that ever he was guilty of perpe-
trating a line of poetry, until accused of it by the
Senator from Massachusetts. But if ever he was
guilty of any such thing, he now yielded the palm
the senator; for his poetry had surpassed any thing
in that way that he (Mr. B.) had even ever ima-
gined. He would move the Senate to adjourn, as
it was entirely too late for him to make the few re-
marks he intended to offer to the Senate on this oc-
casion.
On Mr. B.'s motion,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 19,1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read, cor-
rections were suggested by Messrs. WELLER,
VANCE, and MclLVAINE; which corrections
were accordingly made by the Clerk, and the jour-
nal was then approved.
The SPEAKER announced the first business to
be the resolution m relation to the Rhode Island
memorial. By general consent, however, certain
resolutions of the legislature of Louisiana were re-
ceived, read, and laid upon the table.
Also, on motion of Mr. B1DLACK, a resolution
of the legislature of Pennsylvania, which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the copy of an
answer of the War Department to a resolution of
the. House, (the original having been lost,) and
moved its reference to the Committee on Commerce,
and that it be printed.
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected to its reception. He
would not object to the gentleman offering a resolu-
tion applying to the department to furnish the
House'with a copy; but he did object to a member
going informally, and procuring papers, and pro-
ducing them in the House.
The paper was not received.
THE RHODE ISLAND MEMORIAL.
Mr. McCLERNAND being entitled to the floor,
addressed the House up to the expiration of the
morning hour. He would not have been desirous
of addressing the House upon the subject under
consideration, but for the fact that he had been in-
strumental in presenting to the House the resolution
upon which the debate had arisen. The honorable
gentleman from Tennessee was one of those who
objected to the adoption of the resolution; and he
confessed he was somewhat surprised at the objec-
tion of that gentleman, inasmuch as the object of the
resolution was to economize time and money. He
had taken some pains to ascertain what had been
the usage of the House in regard to such matters;
and he found it had been the practice, on all occa-
sions, to authorize committees engaged with the in-
vestigation of particular'subjects, to send for per-
sorts and papers [Mr. McC. referred, to the
nals of past sessions m proof of his position.! Nay,
they had the authority of the gentleman from Tennes-
see himself to the same effect; and he therefore confi-
dently trusted that the gentleman would withdraw his
objection. The committee asked nothing which was
not usual and customary, and he hoped that this
case would not be mt(de an exception to the general
rule. It had been also objected by the gentleman,
from Maryland, [Mr. Causin,] and by the
men from Rhode Island, [Messrs. Cranston, and.
Potter,] who had spoken against the resolution,*
that this House had no jurisdiction over the sub-
ject contemplated by the resolution. He took issue
with the gentleman upon this point. He insisted
that the House had jurisdiction over the subject-
matter of the memorial. But what was it that the
memorial exhibited upon its face? It exhibited cer-
tain charges. (Mr. McC. heard a-portion of the
memorial.) He insisted that it was, the.bounden.
duty of the House to inquire whether the President
had transcended his authority in interfering with
the private concerns of a State. Whence did he de-
rive his authority to interfere? There was no source
to which he could refer them, whence authority
could be' derived for the exercise of such an enor-
mous power; it was not only contrary to the
genius of our institutions, but it was aiming a, fatal
blow at the existence of those institution. He be-
lieved that it was competent for the people, in their
primary capacity, to establish whatever form of gov-,
ernment they pleased; and it was not in the power
of the President of the United States to put down
such form of government; because, if such author-
ity were vested in him, the people of this country
would be in a condition little better than that of
slaves. It was proper, he thought, therefore, that
the inquiry should be made whether the President
had interfered (as charged in the memorial)' in the
private affairs of a State. He did not wish to be
understood as stating that he had done so, because
he was not apprized of the particular facts of the
case; and it was for this reason that he wished the
committee to be empowered to send for persons and .
papers. ;
It had been said by the gentleman from Rhode .
Island who had preceded him in the debate, that it
was competent for the President to interpose to, put
down insurrection. As he was made commander-
in-chief of the army and navy, it was therefore
competent for him to interpose the executive ami.
The gentleman insisted that there was a revolution
justly calling for the interposition of the executive
power.
He was not prepared to admit that the President
was authorized by the constitution to interfere with
the private affairs of a Stale of his own mere mo-
tion, even in a case which may be construed by him
to be in the nature of an insurrection, without the
authority or sanction of Congress and of the people
of the State where the insurrections were alleged to
exist. The constitution authorizes Congress to call
out the militia in cases of insurrection; but he could
find no constitutional authority conferred upon the
President, of his own mere motion, to interpose. It
might be that the President, in the exercise of such
a power, would consider that a large majority—for
instance, nine-tenths—of the people of a State, were
m a state of insurrection, when, in the exercise of
their natural rights, they were proposing to change,
in some respects, their form of government.
He denied the authority of the President to inter-
fere for the purpose of suppressing insurrection,
without the consent of Congress, and without the
consent of the people. He denied his right to judge
what might or might not be an insurrection. He
might decide that the efforts of patriots were insur-
rectionary. The gentleman from Rhode Island in-
sisted that the President interposed for the suppres-
sion of an insurrection. This might be the honest
opinion of the gentleman, and it might be the
opinion of the President; but there might be a con- -
troriety of opinion on this point. It was a majority
of the people who were in favor of the people's con-
stitution. How, then, could it be said to be an in-
surrection?
It was Upon this ground, he contended, that the
President of the United States aided and abetted
treason against the majority of the people of Rhode
Island. Again: he did not know that it would be
proper for him to attempt to defend or vindicate the
majority of the people of Rhode Island; but they
had been so grossly denounced, not only by several
members of the House, but by the more immediate
representatives from that State, tha't he felt himself
called on to say something in their behalf. The
gentleman from Rhode Island who first addressed
the House, [Mr. Cranston,"] asked what was the
character and description of tins memorial? That
gentleman denounced it as an inflmiouf paper, utter-
ly untrue and false in every word. These wers
