406
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bold assertions, and the geriiifhian, in using them,
might not have forgotten that tie has raised a ques-
tion of veracity between himself and these memo-
rialists. He wished the House and the country to
Bear in mind that the representatives of Rhode Isl-
and here, representing a minority of the people of
that State, have denounced the memorialists as guilty
of falsehood. The question was, whether they or
the memorialists hau stated the truth. He would
inquire.
Mr. McC. here examined the several statements
contained in the memorial, and compared them with
the contradictions of the gentleman from Rhode Is-
land, for the purpose of showing that he had con-
tradicted those statements without any authority for
so doing. He then examined and refuted the charges
made by 'the gentleman. against the constitutional
party; and showed that the offences charged against
them had been committed by the royalist party
which supported the charter of King Charles the
Second. After speaking of the several attempts
which had been made by the friends of constitution-
al liberty to establish a free government on the
model of those of the other States of the Union,
which, since 1811, had always been defeated by
'the charter or royalist party, Mr. McC. gave a
history of the manner in which the people's consti-
tution of 1840 was submitted to and adopted by a ma-
jority, not only of the voters of the State who were
qualified under the old charter, but of those who
were qualified Under the new constitution.
He proceeded to say, that after the adjournment of
the legislature Governor Dorr was the chief executive
officer of the State, and it was Ins duty to make an
effort to get from the hands of the lawless insur-
gents of that State, the possession of • the arsenals,
&c.; and for doing this he had been denounced as a
felon, and as being guilty of an effort to steal the
public property; but he would leave it to the country
to decide whether Governor Dorr, as the chief magis-
trate of that State, and, as such, necessarily intrusted
in the care of the arsenals, had exercised lawless
tyranny and oppression. The public arsenals be-
longed to the people, and Governor Dorr was the
representative of the people; and it was his duty to
discharge the duties which the people nad imposed
upon him. But it had also been said, with a view
to blacken his character and reputation, that since his
arrest on a charge of treason, he had resorted to ex-
pedients to stave off his trial. He defended Gov-
ernor Dorr against such an accusation, which he
said had no foundation in truth.
On looking back through the history of Governor
Doit, he had been forcibly struck with the noble
attributes by which his character was marked. He
proceeded to draw a parallel between Governor Dorr
and Algernon Sydney, and expatiated at much
length on the straggle of both the latter and the
former for the establishment of liberal principles, and
the rights of the people; and likewise on the tyranny
of the royalists of Rhode Island, who fined a man
§500, and imprisoned him for the period of six
months, because he discharged the duty of judge of
elections under the new constitution by which the
people exercised their inalienable natural rights.
He then glanced at the position of the two polit-
ical parties of this country on this question, the
name of Mr. Van Buren having been lugged into
this discussion. He said they found the democratic
Eortion of this country expressing opinions favora-
le to the course and conduct of the patriotic party
of Rhode Island, and to the rights of the people.
They also found their opponents of the whig p.'uty,
true to the principles ot Alexander Hamilton and
his compeers, denying the rights of the people, and
their authority to change the form of the govern-
ment under which they live. One gentleman [Mr.
Caleb B. Smith] had attempted to show that Mr.
Van Buren was opposed, in (he New York conven-
tion, to the extension of the suffrage to the whites,
but in favor of it to the blacks; but this was an in-
correct representation. Mr. Van Buren was the
great advocate, in that convention, of the extension
of the suffrage, and an opponent of the property
qualification of which the people had complained.
He explained, at much length, the course pur-
sued by Mr. Van Buren, and showed that that
distinguished man was ever a prominent advocate of
the rights of the people; while Mr. Clay, the great
idol ot the whig party, had taken part with the roy-
alists of Rhode Island. He alluded to Mr. Clay's
opposition to the admission of Michigan into the
Union, on the ground of the extension of the suf-
frage and consequently in opposition to the funda-
mental principle that man is capable of self govern-
ment. He next noticed the appeal which had been
made to the South on this subject, to rally in favor
of the monarchists of Rhode Island; and was pro-
ceeding when the Speaker announced the expiration
of his hour.
Mr. STETSON obtain the floor; but as the morn-
ing hour had expired, the subject went over.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing executive communications:
A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State, in answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 18th January last, calling for
the number of persons employed without express
authority of law, from the 4th of March, 1837, to
31st December, 1843, inclusive; which message was
laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the provisions of the
third section of the act of March 3, 1843, entitled
"an act regulating the currency of foreign gold and
silver coins in the United States," a communication
from the director of the mint, showing the result of
an assay made of the coins referred to in that act;
which letter was ordered to be laid on the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in-
closing abstracts of the emoluments and expendi-
tures for 1843, by officers of the customs, under the
second section of the act of 2d March, 1799, and of
the fees received by them respectively for certificates
to accompany distilled spirits, wines, and teas, and
for commissions cleared on disbursements made as
superintendent of light-houses, and as agents for
marine hospitals; which letter and abstracts were
laid on the table.
A letter from the Postmaster General, transmit-
ting a report, in obedience to the resolution of the
House of the 26th ultimo, relating to contracts with
Isaac Hill to supply States and Territories with
post office blanks and stationery, the quantity
furnished, and the sums due upon said contracts, to-
gether with copies of all such contracts; which let-
ter and report were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a report showing the necessity of further appropria-
tions to meet outstanding claims on account of the
Florida war; and requesting a reappropriation of
certain unexpended balances; which letter and report
were referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting a
report, in obcdience to a resolution of the 25th of
February, 1843, reported from the Committee of
Claims of the House of Representatives, ill relation
to the claims of a company of Florida militia, called
the "Spring Grove Cuards;" and also upon the sub-
ject of the paymentof certain militia who served
in 1838 under the orders of the governor of Florida;
which letter and report were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LEVY said, theAVar Department, instead of
compl} ing with the resolution of the House, had
sent a prejudiced report made up of the opinions of
military officers; and he hoped the House would lay
that communication on the table, and permit him to
oiler another resolution in relation to this subject.
He prefened this course to the one which first sug-
gested itself to him, viz: to return to the department
its communication, that it might be correctly and
properly brought to this House.
Mr. C. JOHNSON honed the gentleman from
Florida would allow this communication to go to
the Military Committee for examination before any
further stops were taken.
Mr. LEVY said that the communication from the
War Department, just presented, was in reply to a
resolution parsed by the last Congress, requiring the
Secretary of War ''to obtain and certify to this House,
at the present session, all necessary prooj respecting
the services of certain Florida militia." Two mili-
tary officers had been sent for this proof, and after
returning with it here, the War Department, instead
of obeying the resolution, and sending those proofs
here for the judgment of the House: keep the proof
back, and send here m the stead of it the opinion and
conclusions of those two officers upon it. The
proof, and, he felt bound to say, their report,
seemed to him strongly marked with those preju-
dices and jealousies which are too much indulged
by the regular army against the militia. The reso-
lution passed by the last Congress, called for certain
proofs; and those proofs he wanted. The House was
quite as competent as any two officers of the army,
to form a judgment for itself upon the evidence. The
whole course seems to have been designed to inter-
pose the feelings and judgment of the military branch
of the service between Congress and the claims of
militia. The War Department deserves the cen-
sure of the House, and he would move it, were it
usual. He thought it proper to'say, that he ab-
solved the present incumbent of the War Depart-
ment from any blame in this matter. The matter
was arranged before his accession to office.
He would satisfy himself by moving a resolution,
requiring the Secretary of War to send to this
House the proofs required by the resolution of 28th
July, 1843, as directed by that resolution.
Some conversation entered on this subject; and,
ultimately, the communication was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
MILITARY DISTRICT OP THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. HARALSON obtained the permission of the
House to make a report from the Military Commit-
tee. He said he was directed by the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the bill No.
44, to divide the United States into two military dis-
tricts, and the petition of citi7ens of New York, and
of Wm. Wallace Whitney, relating to the same
subject, to move that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration thereof.
Mr. HARDIN said the committee was divided—
4 to 4, and therefore they could not agree upon a re-
port; but they would consent to be discharged.
The motion to discharge the committee was agreed
to.
Mr. HARALSON then moved that the repcrtand
accompanying papers be printed.
Mr. DICKINSON inquired if the bill was re-
ported back.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. DICKINSON moved that it be referred to
the Committee of the Whole House and made the
order of the day for to-morrow; which was carried.
The motion to print was then agreed to.
A message from the President of the United
States was delivered by Robert Tyler, esq.
Several bills from the Senate were read twice
and refevv&d to appropriate committees.
On motion of Mr. PETTIT, the rules were sus-
pended to enable him to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire and report
whether the documents and other things franked by
the members of this House are regularly sent from
this city; and if not, what disposition is made of
them by the postmaster of this city, or other persons
into whose hands they come. And that said com-
mittee be empowered to send for persons residing in
this District, and not farther, unless some person, or
persons, residing therein, shall leave said District;
in which case, such person, or persons, may be sent
for to any other place, or places, within the United
States.
And, upon the adoption of the resolution, Mr.
P. demanded the previous question; which was
seconded, and the main question (viz. the adoption
of the resolution) being put, was carried.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. HAMMETT, on leave, presented the fol-
lowing resolutions of the legislature of Mississippi;
which were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed:
"Whereas the citizens of Texas have, at various
times, manifested a wis!) for the annexation of that
republic to the United States:
"And whereas an enlightened policy would dic-
tate that the two countries contiguous in geographi-
cal position, inhabited by a kindred people, speaking
a common language, producing the same staples,
cherishing the same commercial interests, and ani-
mated by the same love of liberty, should not longer
sustain a relation that is now separate, and nuiy
hereafter become belligerent:
" Therefore, be it resolved by the. legislature ef the
State of Mississippi, That our senators be instructed,
and our representatives m Congress be requested, to
urge zealously and persevermgly the immediate and
indissoluble annexation by treaty of the republic cf
Texas to the United State's
"Resolved, That, in the judgment of 'his legisla-
ture, if the desired annexation should not be effected,
it will be incompatible with the rights, interests, and'
tranquillity of the United States, for any European
