CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
power to obtain possession of the territory of Texas,
or to secure a commanding influence in her coun-
cils; and that any such attempt should be consid-
ered by the United States as a sufficient cause for
war.
"Resolved, In order that the expression of opin-
ion may be general throughout the Union, that his
excellency the governor of the State of Mississippi,
be requested to forward a copy of these resolutions
to the governors of the several States, with a request
that they may be laid before their respective legisla-
tures; also, to each of our senators and representa-
tives in Congress, and to the President of the repub-
lic of Texas."
Also, a memorial from that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. McCONNELL asked and obtained leave to
present a resolution from the legislature of Alabama,
adverse to the resolution of the Massachusetts legis-
lature; which was referred to the select committee
to whom was referred the Massachusetts memorial.
Mr. McKAY renewed the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER observed that it would be neces-
sary to postpone the order of the day, which was
the bill introduced by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Duncan,] for regulating the time of holding
the elections, &c.
Mr. McKAY then moved to suspend the rules, in
order to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; but withdrew the motion at the re-
quest of
Mr. SAUNDERS, who asked and obtained leave
to report back to the House, from the Judiciary
Committee, a' bill respecting the times and places of
holding the circuit ana district courts of Ohio, with
a recommendation that the bill be rejected.
A debate ensued, in which Messrs. SAUNDERS,
VANCE, SCHENCK,and DUNCAN participated.
Mr. VINTON demanded the previous question;
which was seconded, and the main question order-
ed, (being upon agreeing to the proposed recom-
mendation,) and negatived.
Mr. WELLER, after a few observations, moved
to lay the bill upon the table; but subsequently, as
the dhio members were desirous to make some ob-
servations, he withdrew it.
Mr. McDOWELL said that he resided in the
southern portion of Ohm; and that the district he
had the honor to represent was more convenient to
Cincinnati than to Columbus; and that, of course,
his constituents preferred that the court remain at
Cincinnati; and that he, therefore, would vote against
the bill. But it was due to fairness and to justice
for him to say that, if thn resolution of the legisla-
ture of Ohio, requesting her representatives, and in-
structing her senators, was an indication of public
opinion in the State on this subject, then it would
seem that a majority of the people demanded the
repeal of the law. For himself, however, he had
no knowledge of any discussion of this subject by
the people; nor did he know of any expression of
opinion, except that of the legislature. The mem-
bers of that body may have been instructed by their
constituents; he could not say: and, if the members
of this House so considered it, then the rule that a
majority should govern applied; and he should bow
with due deference Jo the will of that majority, and
the action of this House, on the subject before it.
Mr. GIDDlNGrS entered into some explanations.
Mr. SCHENCK also took part in the debate.
The question recurred on the third reading of the
bill; and upon this question the yeas and nays weie
ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 86, nays
49.
The bill wns then rend a third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE ga^e notice that he should to-mor-
row move a reconsideration.
On motion of Mr. McKAY,
The House resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Ca^e
Johnson of Tennessee in the chair.
FORTIFICATIONS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. McKAY then moved that the committee
take up the bill making appropriations for the for-
tifications of the United States.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the committee re-
sume the consideration of the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Owen] on the subject of
Oregon.
The question was first put on taking up the for-
tification bill, and decided in the affirmative.
The bill was then read; after which,
The first scction, making an appropriation of
$40,000 for the fortifications at the outlet of Lake
v?1 being under consideration,
jVIi\ STETSON moved to amend that section by
S? * g an aPPr°Priatio  of $58,308 10, in lieu
of $40>000 reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and supported the amendment with some
remarks.
Mr. McKAY and Mr. STETSON entered into
some explanations in relation to this appropriation.
Mr. HAMMETT defended the appropriation.
. The question was then put on the amendment;
but tellers were called for, and Messrs. Peyton and
WiNTHROP.were appointed. They reported 37 in
the^affirmative, ancl 39 in the negative—no quorum
voting.
The committee rose, and its chairman reported
that fact to the House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House adjourn.
(It was now 23 minues past 3 o'clock.)
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER put the question the call for the
yeas and nays, and 28 voted in the affirmative..The
negative was then put, and the Speaker reported
the number to be 30.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
And being taken, resulted as follows—yeas 44,
nays 71.
Mr. DROMGOOLE withdrew his motion for a
cal\ of the house, there being now a quorum, and
moved that the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, which was
carried, and the committee [Mr. C. Johnson in the
chair] took up for consideration the fortification
bill—the amendment pending being to strike out the
appropriation of $40,000 for a fortification on lake
Champlain. Upon this amendment the vote was
taken by tellers, and resulted yeas 50, nays 66.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend the section
making appropriations for the fortifications at Sa-
vannah, Georgia, by striking out ^13,000 and mseit-
ing $15,000, and supported the amendment with
some remarks.
Mr. McKAY opposed the amendment; after
which, the question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted an amendment increas-
ing the appropriation for Fort Jackson, Louisiana,
from $5,000 to $10,000; and for Fort Livingston, in
the same State, from $i40,0Q0 to £55,000.
After some remarks from Mr. SLIDELL, in sup-
port of the amendment, and from Mr. McKAY, in
opposition to it,
The amendment was divided, and both proposi-
tions were rejected.
Mr.HARALSON offered an amendment, on which
he said he wished to make some observations; but, as
it was now late, he moved that the committee rise.
The vote was taken on that motion, and there was
found to be no quorum. The committee rose, and
its chairman reported that fact to the House.
The House then adjourned at 20 minutes to 5
o'clock.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. FICKLIN: The memorial of John Kid-
wcll and 47 other citizens of Clarke county, Illinois,
asking an appropriation for the continuation of the
Cumberland road.
By Mr. CALDWELL: The petition, and proof
in the case of John Owens, of Pulaski county,
Kentucky, asking compensation for a hors.a lost in
the United States service: inferred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: A petition from tjje
members of the bar of Will county, Illinois, praj^ng
for a term of the United States circuit and district
courts at Chicago: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. Also, a petition from a large number of
citizens of Chicago, praying for the improvement of
the western lakes and rivers- referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of Sylvester Blish
and 47 others, citizens of Henry county, in the State
of Illinois, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Peoria, in ?eona county, via Mount Holly,
Wyoming, and Toulon, in Stark county, Weth-
ersfield and Geneseo, m Henry coumy, Sharon,
and Crandoll's Ferry, to Fulton city, in Whiteside
county, in said State of Illinois: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. RAMSESfeftie petition of L. P. Whit-
ney and numerous other citizens of Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to main-
tain the tariff of 1842 until experience shall have de-
monstrated, by ascertained facta, that a change
would be for the better.
By Mr. JOHN W. DA.VIS: The memorial of
the Hon. P. M. Parks and 135 others, of Morgan
county, Indiana, praying a grant of lands for the
continuation of the Wabash and Erie canal, from
Terre Haute to Evansville.
By Mr. EMERY D. POTTER: The petition of
William Spalding and 27 others; also, the petition
of Leonard Whitmore and 60 others, ' citizens of
northern Ohio, praying for a mail route from Mau-
mee city, Ohio, to White Pigeon, Michigan,,with a
diagram of said route: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. Also, the petition
of Duncan C. Forsyth and 51 other citizens of Lu-
cas county, Ohio, praying for an appropriation for
the harbor of Maumee bay: referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
By Mr. E. J. MORRIS: Memorial of citizens of
Berks county, Pennsylvania, representing the pros-
perous condition of the country under the tariff of
1842, and protesting against its repeal. Also, the
petition of the citizens of Philadelphia, asking an ap-
propriation for the repair of the shipping piers at
Port Penn, on the Delaware.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: Petition of Charles
McRenzie for repayment of money paid for land
erroneously entered. Also, the petition of C. P.
Buck and other citizens of Michigan, in favor of an
appropriation for the construction of a canal around
the Falls of St. Mary. Also, the petition of W.
N. Stevens and other citizens of Plymouth, Michi-
gan, for a reduction of the rates of postage.
By Mr. BOYD: Memorial of Lieutenant P. W.
Smith.
By Mr. McILVIANE: Memorial of Hugh E.
Steele and 53 others, citizens of Chester county,
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any change m
the present tariff laws.
By Mr. CLINCH: Petition -of E. E. Pincham:
referred to the Committee of Claims.
By Mr. BIDLACK: The memorial of a large
number of citizens of Columbia county, Pennsyl-
vania, approving of the tariff law of 1842", and pray-
ing Congress to abstain from any legislation at
present upon the subject. Also, one of similar "
tenor from citizens of Luzerne county, Pennsyl-
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 20, 1844.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial from
certain citizens of Alexandria, setting forth that they
are owners of vessels engaged in foreign trade, val-
ued at ^200,000, and representing that they are very
much injured by the reciprocity traties, and asking
for their modification or termination: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, setting forth that important
benefits had been derived to the business of the
country by the present tariff, and praying that no
alteration may be made in it: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. WOOBURY presented a memorial of the
National Institute for the Promotion of Scienee and
the Arts, submitting to the consideration of Congress
a statement of their origin and progress, of their past
and present condition, and the wants and exigencies
of the institution. (Mr. W.) stated that the insti-
tute wished some aid to enable it in an appropriate
manner to take rare of the public property in-
trusted toitschargc. That property consisted chiefly
or curiosities belonging to the State and War De-
partments, and of various collections of natural his-
tory and books; which have been forming, and in
the charge of the institution during the last
four or five years. Without interfering with
its duty to the government, the institution had
gone on prosperously in the mean time to make
large donations of property of a similar character.
The institute was merely the temporary keeper of
many of the articles, and of the others it regarded it-
self as trustee for tile government and the public; and
it had endeavored, and was still endeavoring, to dis-
charge its duty faithfully in every respect in re-
lation to them. The memorial ga\e a description
of all the property in its possession; in fact,
all the information that was desirable, so as to
render any further explanation by him
