4ia
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W.) unnecesary. The 'Committee on the Libra-
ry) to which he proposed to refer the memorial,
would probably find it expedient and proper to
have it printed for the information of Congress.
"With reference to the institution, this much was
certain, without adding more now—that it asked
nothing for private' purposes or private emolu-
ment, being entirely willing to dedicate its labors
to the cause of science and literature, and the inter-
ests of the government and the public; and asking
only some aid to defray the actual expenses attend-
ent on the discharge of such duties as it performed
on public account.
Mr. MERRICK presented a petition from the citi-
zens of the State of New York, praying for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage; which was ordered to
iie on the table—a bill for the purpose having been
already reported.
Mr. M. said he had also a memorial from a num-
ber of citizens of the State of Maryland, engaged in
an important branch of domestic industry. It was
the memorial of the New York and IVJaryland iron
and coal company, in the county of Alleghany,
Maryland, in which it was represented that they had
expended some $500,000 for the establishment of
railroads and other improvements there, with the
view of entering extensively into the manufacture of
iron for railroads, 4c.; and that they would be able
to manufacture 10,000 tons of railroad iron per an-
num, of equal value and quality to the foreign arti-
cle, and to furnish it as cheap as it could be pro-
duced from any quarter, if the tariff on that article
was not reduced. Ordered to be printed.
Mr. STURGEON made some remarks in which
he was understood to say that he had had some con-
versation with an intelligent gentleman from Spring-
field Furnace, in which that gentleman had represent-
ed that the iron company there was going largely into
the manufacture of railroad iron if no obstruction be
presented by the repeal of the tariff of duties on rail-
road iron. That they will be enabled to manufac-
ture it as good and cheap as it could be procured from
any other source. Also another fact; that some
time since, owing to the great pressure on the iron
interests, by the reduction of the tariff, which great-
ly cheapened the price of iron, the iron manufac-
turers in Pennsylvania were much injured. For
instance: the largest one established at Danville
sunk under the low rate at which iron sold—the
effect consequent upon the reduction of the duty on
the foreign article. That establishment was again
going on to manufacture iron. The great western
iron works in Pennsylvania had changed hands
and were operating with renewed cneroy, having
lecovered from the effects of the pressure Upon
tUpiYij find would Lc tumbled lo supply n. Ia,r<*c por-
tion of iron for railroads. They would be enabled
to furnish it in sufficient quantity, he had no doubt
if the present tariff of duty on that article Nvas not
reduccd, to sattfy all the demands ofthe country.
Mr. WOODBURY was understood to qay that
there wn.s a bill reported from the Finance Commit-
tee to remit entirely the duty on railroad iron. X"Ie
presumed the memorial would be useful reference
to that bill, rather than to the proposition to re-
duce the duty on iron 20 per cent., and hence he
was in favor of the motion to print. If the memo-
rialists were to look for the somcr of the evils in the
low prices, of winch they complained, they would
find that u did not arise so much from the reduc-
tion of the foimer tariff, but its true source was the
great <impro\ements in the manufacture abioad—
reducing the coat near two-thirds from wluit H once
was. The low prices were prod need by an im-
provement m the manufacture of the article mm h
more than from the lowness of the duty 011 the
foreign fabric.
Mr. MERRfCK said the cheapness of the price
was not so much attributable to the improvements
in the mamifactuie as to the lar-?e .stock then <m
hand from abroad.
Mr. WOODBURY scud it could not ho expected
that the prices would be ns high, after the irn'af im-
provements m blasting and in machinery, as ioefote;
for such improvements increased the capacity to pro-
duce at a lower cost, a,id gave greater facility in the
manufacture, wherever they luid been adopted. It
was vain to expect ever again the old high prices.
Mr-MERRICK remarked that he had no doubt
that those extensn e companies, which now proposed
meats" rai*roadlron>had adopted all the improve-
Here the subject dropped.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS TO THE UNITED
STATES.
Mr. WALKER said he had received from the
governor of the State of Mississippi certain resolu-
tions, adopted with great unanimity by the legisla-
ture of that State, in favor of the re-annexation of
Texas to the American Union. Accompanying this
expression of the opinion of the State of Mississip-
pi, were resolutions, unanimously adopted by the le-
gislature of the State of Alabama, in favor, also, of
the restoration of Texas to the Union; which resolu-
tions of Alabama had been communicated to the le-
gislature of Mississippi, and called forth and consti-
tuted a part of their proceedings. Mr. W. said he
would not at this time enter upon the discussion of
this great question, but would move the printing of
these resolutions; and that they be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to
_ Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
citizens of Vicksburg, Mississippi, reccommend-
ing that place as a suitible site for the naval depot
and national armory contemplated to be established
on the western waters. The memorialists regret
that the commissioners who had been appointed to
make an examination for such object, and had fixed
upon Memphis, Tennessee, had not, before doing
so, been authorized to extend their examination as
far south as Vicksburg. They trust that it will be
done before Congress determines on a suitable loca-
tion for a naval armory and depot: leferred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAYTON presented joint resolutions of the
legislative council and general assembly of New
Jersey, in favor of the passage of a general system
of pension laws: ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSOa, it was ordered
that two petitions from Charles Morgan, praying
for the confirmation of his title to two tracts of land
in Louisiana, be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of William Fisher; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred the petition of Iliiam Birney upon
the subject, reported a bill to repeal the act entitled
"An act directing the survey of the northern line of
reservation for the half-breeds of Sac and Fox tribe
of Indians by the treaty of August, 1824 " ap-
proved the 3d of Mai eh, 1843; which was read
and ordered to a second reading, '
Mr. MERRICK., from the Committee on the
I ost Office and Post Roads, reported back, with an
amendment, the bill relating to the appointment of
assistants to the Postmaster Genera! of the United
States.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON, the Committee on
Military Afliurs was discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of John McLaughlin;
and it was referred to the Committee 011 Private
Land Claims.
THE ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. EVANS submitted the following resolution
which he would ask the Senate to consider some
day next week:
Ihsnlred by the Senate and limine of Representa-
tive.! of the United Stain of .'Inuriea in Congress as-
sembled, That the President of the Senate, and the
Speaker of the House of Rrescntatives, will ad-
journ their respectse Houses W die. 011 Monday
the 20th of May next, at 12 o'clock noon.
I he resolution submitted by Mr. CuiTTENnr v
yc^eidav, directing ihe Secretary of the Navy to
i;i\e^acihtios to Mr. Colt to complete the prepara-
tion for testing and expei imcntnig with "Coifs sub-
marine battery," was taken up and agiced to.
DISTRICT BANKS.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the previous 01 ders
of the (by were postponed, and the bill to extend
the charters of the banks in the District of Columbia
was taken up and made the special order of the day
for VV ednesday next.
FOX AND WISCONSIN RIVERS.
The bill to grant a quantity of land for the im-
provement of Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and to
connect the same by a canal, in the Territory of
Wisconsin, came up in order, the question pending
being on the following amendment proposed by Mr.
Allen yesterday, as a substitute for the bill—viz:
"That there be, and hereby is, granted to the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, 320,000 acres of land for pur-
poses of internal improvement; to be selected and
located in the same manner, and to be subject to' the
same limitations, restrictions, and conditions, as are
prescribed in the 8th and 9th sections of the act en-
titled 'an act to appropriate the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands, and to grant pre-emption rights,'
approved September 4, 1841, except that the land
hereby granted shall not be deducted from the 500,-
000 acres granted prospectively, by that act, to each
new State upon its admission into the Union."
Mr. TALLMADGE spoke at some length in re-
ply to the remarks of Mr. Allen of yesterday,
maintaining that the bill was not liable to the many
objections he had made to it; that it was not one for
the benefit of speculators, but such a one as was
desired by the people of Wisconsin, who had me-
morialized Congress upon the subject; that the lands
had not all been entered by speculators on the line
of the proposed improvement, but that only 46,000
acres had been entered long since by some sagacious
nten; that he did not hold an acre there, and had no
interest m the success of the bill, save that which
every senator should feel for the success of a great
national work; that he had not pressed the bill with
hot haste, but had yielded, day after day, for weeks,
to postponements, to satisfy the wishes of senators
who desired to examine into its provisions, and ob-
tain information from the proper depaitmcnt as to
the situation of the lan'd on the line of the proposed
work; that he had himself procured all the informa-
tion which could be had, and laid it before the Sen-
ate; that he procured the township plats from the
Land Office, and laid them on the table of the Secre-
tary for the inspection of senators, which had been
exhibited by the senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen]
yesterday; that that senator did not procure them,
as lie had been made to say by the report m one of
the city papers.
[Mr. Ali.en said his remark did not apply to the
township plats, but to the maps of the river which
he (Mr. A.) procured.]
That the bill, as it now stood, did embody the fea-
tures and principles of the original bill; that the alter-
ations made by the action of the Senate weie on the
bill in its amended form—that is, that amendments
which had been proposed by senators on the other
side and adopted by the Senate, had been subse-
quently stricken out, which left the bill as it ori-
ginally stood, with the exception of the word
•appropriation" which had been substituted for
the word "grant," 011 the suggestion ofthe sen-
ator fiom n01 tli Carolina, [Mr. Haywood,] which
did not at all change the principle of the bill.
I hat it it was not intended that the object should be
defeated—of improving the river and cutting the
canal it was necessary that the bill should be pass-
ed at once. [These were some of the points of ar-
gument assumed by Mr. Talli.iadof. The report-
er has not sufficient time to write the debate in full
tor this evening's paper.]
Mr. ALLEN follo'wed in reply, maintaining that
he knew these lands never would be sold under this
bill. He said that there were about 650,000 acres
ot land on both sides of the line of proposed nn-
pinvement, which would sell at 25 per acie, as
1 f S ' tlierefore> for £750,000, the peo-
ple of Wisconsin could buy those lands. But by
this bill, they were to be raised to $2 50per ocic; so
iia-n nftnhfVe t0 pay' for ,lie !an(!s>
>1,aUU.000, which was the same thinp- as taxino-
them jjiot),000. Was the Senate aware that it was
appropriating, by this bill, §750,000 out of the
pockets of the people of Wisconsin, and yet say
ttiey Were acting as ihe friends ot that people' That
was the English and sum total of this bill'. It was
an imposition of §750,000 as a penalty 011 the peo-
ple ot that lerntory, if they settled in the margin
of the water courses. He would impose 110 such
tax on that people; for it was nothing but a tax with-
out their consent. Pass this bill, and a year hence
would tell who were the friends of the Territory—
t!ior,e who favored, or those who opposed, the hill,
tills tax was to be imposed 011 that people, just 011
tne eve of their admission into the Union as a State.
He repeated, that the only effect of this bill would
ie to throw the public lands out of the market for
the sole advantage of the speculators who had taken
up lane, s along these water courses, and who would un-
dersell the government to get clear of their land It
was a fallacious donation—a gilded pill, winch the
