May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Uubard.
H. of Reps.
cause, gaining skill and strength every year, they
do not require the same extent of protection. In
the second place, becau.se the greater the amount of
any domestic article, compared with the importa-
tions of similar articles from abroad, exactly as that
proportion preponderates in favor of the American
article, is the amount increased npon which the-con-
sumers have to pay the manufacturers an indirect
tax in the form of increased prices. So, too, under
the operation of tins system, on the other hand, are
the imports diminished upon which government col-
lects its revenue:
Jin emanate mode from the late Census tables..
Value of American manufactured woollens in
1840, mihout ..... $"20,61)6,999
Value of American manufactured cotton0-, in
IS-iO, is about ..... 46,350,4:3
Value of Amenean iron and iron manufactures,
in 1810, is abrn.ii • 50,8Q0,907
Value of American shoes, booths, and other man-
ufactures of leather, as stated m the report of
the Committee on .Manufactures, 2d session
of the 27th Congress .... £0,000,000
Aggregate value of the four articles, without
the benefit of protection - - - 167,868,359
Suppose that a duty of 50 per cent on the im-
ported articles of similar descriptions only
incieases the pnee of the American article 26
per cent., and we may add on that account,
unless this increased value has beon al-
ready emhia^ed .... 41,947,088
Aggregate cost to the consumers . - $20?,815,443
Jin estimate made f-oiu document ATo. 209, 2d session, aj ihe
27th Congress.
The avoiage annual "vilue ol the manufactures
of wool imported l'rom 1837, to 1840, is about $11,247,328
The average annual value of manufactured cot-
ton imported irom 183? to 1840, is about 9,736,708
The average annual value of manufactures of
iron, and iron and steel, and iron unmanufac-
tured. imported from 1837 to 1S40. is about - 9,310.522
The value of manufactures of leather and of
shoes and boots, imported from 1st October,
1341, to 30th September, 1842, as per Doc.
No. 247, 3d session, 27th Congres • - 912,580
Ag^re^ateaverage annual importations of the
lour articles above mentioned - - - 31,207,193
An impost duty of 50 per cent, oil the above
would yield of revenue - - - 15.6t13.'399
Agg;re<£ate cost of the imported articles to the
eonsumeis .... - $46, 910,797
These tables are taken from public documents,
and the rate of duty, &c., is stated, so a? to illus-
trate one of the great grievances which those who
oppose the protective policy so much complain of.
The enormity of indirect taxation imposed is as-
tounding:; and it is not a matter of surprise that sor-
did selfishness or partisan feelings should resort to
shallow devices to lade the deformities of a policy
which, to be seen and understood, is to be execrated
and condemned. When millions are at stake, is it
wonderful that subterfuges should be resorted to in
order to screen the oppressor, and protect the rob-
ber? But, however burdensome this system of indi-
rect taxation may be, yet the evils of the protective
policy do not stop with inflicting thin injustice. It
aim<? a fatal blow at our exports and imports, and,
through our commerce, another deadly blow is lev-
eled at our agriculture. I again establish my posi-
rion by a recurrence to facts, and appeal to any un-
prejudiced statesman who wnl examine them, to
deny that they speak volumes against this iniqui-
tous system of exacting contributions fiom com-
merce and agriculture to enrich manufacturers.
Statistical view oj the AvrcnAGi: imparls and exports of
the United Stales from the year lc"23 to 1832, inclu-
sive, and from 1833 to 1642, inclusive, v:ifh ihe rate
jjtr cent, inciease. {See lute report of ike Secretary
of the Treasury.)
Imports, j
fcxports. j
Average
lffcMto isii.
Average
1:503 to lV-1'2
I nc rease.
7« 710,101
;ij,702,G5.j
1
<r-" -.6
is .3
4 4 per cent.
Statistical view rf the, Avr,RAr.E value of aitichs 'im-
ported into the United States from Great Britain and
dependencies, and France (tnd dependencies, from ihe
year 1823 to 1832, inclusive, aiidjrom 1S33 to lb42,
itich'Sive, with the rate per cent, increase. (From the
late report of the Secretary of (he Treasury.)
From whence
imported.
-Werage im-
ports to
lttf-2, inclu-
sive.
Aveioge im-
ports lBSfi to
1812, incia-
sive.
Incrca se.
Great Britain
and depen-
dencies,
France & de-
pendencies
^j.-isi.rd,
10,120.070
t,W2,i2G7
d J,{j0o,70^
>3 per cfnt.
Statistical view of the average value of articles export-
ed from the United Stales to Great Britain and de-
pendencies, and France and dependencies, from the
year 1823 to 1832, inclusive, and from 1833 to 1842,
inclusive, with the rate per cent, increase. (See late
report of the Secretary of the Treasury.)
Whence ex-
ported
Great Britain
and depen-
cies,
France & de-
pendencies,
Vvcrogo ex-'Avem^e ex-!
ports 1823 to! ports U>33 to: increase
1832, mcla-j lv42, inclu-j
sive. , bj-\c. !
3V„-,7,G02
11,754,859
19,10(1,^0
81 per cent.
Statistical view of the average value rf cotton, tobacco,
and iiianufactvres exported from the United States
from the i/tar 1823 to 1832, inclusive, and from 1833
to 1842, inclusive, with the rate per cent, increase.
(See late report of the Secretary of the Treasury.)
Articles.
Average [
exportation^
1823 to 1832,|
inclushc j
Average
expoitruionc
1833 to 1^2
inclusive
Increase
Cotton,
2t).P37,M>0 j
o:.Gll,:71
113 per cent
Tobacco,
5,680,^"6 j
51
Manufactures
5,116,173 i
7,870 i. 90
54
These tables, embracing the periods of the high
tariffs and that since the passage of the compromise
bill in 1833, show conclusively the injurious eifect
which the high-tariff policy exerted on commerce,
as well as on agricultural staples. From them we
learn a lesson as conclusively in favor of the salutary
influences exerted on commerce and agriculture by
the passage of the compromise bill of 1833, and the
subsequent reduction of duties under that act. Here
are facts from the records, showing that, as the duties
increased, our exports and imports diminished; nay,
more, that our agricultural staples ro« in value "pari
passu" as commerce was freed from the restrictions
imposed on it by the tariff of 1828. Agriculture and
commerce are here both proven to have been l?ss
prosperous under your odious Chinese restrictive
policy, than they were after those restrictions were
partially removed. But, ^ hat ;s equally surprising,
we find even the exports of manufactured goods also
rapidly increasing in proportion as the protective
policy was abandoned, The^e arc sfubborn ficts,
and demand the consideration of every commercial
and agricultural citizen of this great confederacy.
Gentlemen may theorize and prate about a home
market for eggs and chickens—which, however,
only benefit those in the vicinity of their workshops;
but here are arguments which speak to the coun-
try, and are registered on the pages of its history.
They d not emanate from, nor do they partake of,
the fogs of the iron forges, nor arc they obfuscated
by the variegated and contradictory tints of the co-
ton factories; neither are they buulencd by the duil,
heavy fabrications fr<-m the woollen minis. They
stand on record as the msigma of oppression, and it
is to be hoped the good common sense of the coun-
try will profit by the sad lessons of experience, and
in future decline to sanction such imequa1 and bhoht.
ing legislation. Let our moito be ''Jiat j.isfiiia ruat,
ciehunLetus be guided by that golden rule, and
peace and prosperity will, as in time-* past, again
adorn our path, and r.heer us on m our high destiny.
Notwithstanding the striking objections already
urged, there are others which, it less opprf ssive, yt t
peihaps more clearly indicating the sinister devices
resorted to in framing those protective laws, clearly
with a view to blind and mislead the great body of
the people in regard to their inequalities and prohibi-
tory features.
Need 1 point the committee to the "minimum"'
principle so extensively introduced into the tariff
act of 1842? A specific duty on the hundred weight,
yard, or gallon, is readily understood; and tho act
valorem system, while the forest, is still the most in-
telligible. But this enigmatical, jcsuitical, minimum
principle, resorted to with the view of cloaking in-
justice and bamboozling the people, should b;i ex-
posed. Upon an examination, we will find that,
precisely as any given article subjected to its opera-
tion falh below the assumed value, styled the wmin-
imum" value, the rate of duty to be paid on the
same is augmented. So, of necessity, just as the ar-
ticle impoited approximates what is termed the
"minimum" point m value, is the duty diminished.
Then it follows that, as our importers are possessed
of ordinary sagacity, they will introduce those arti-
cles approaching very nearly or quite this assumed
valuation, upon which a certain duty is imposed,
and abandon the cheap goods; because, falling in
value greatly under the "minimum value" laid down
in the law, they would be forced, should they im-
port them, to pay enormously high duties on all such
articles. Therefore, under this "minimum" princi-
ple, the cheap fabrics are so highly taxed as to be al-
most entirely prohibited. They thus impose an
enormous tax on those articles used by the poorer
classes, and a modaate one on such as are used by
the wealthy. This, too, is done when manufacturers
have represented that our cheap American cotton
goods did not need protection. I will refer to the re-
port from the Committee on Manufactures in the
27th Congress, as illustrative of this point. "W®
find appended thereto, in a memorial to the Senate
and House of Representatives, signed by S. Apple-
ton, A. A. Lawrence, H. G. Otis, and a "great many
others, the following admissions:
It is believed this coarse description of cottons canbe man-
ufactured mthis country as cheap.or cheaperthznthey canbe
made in England from the same quality of cotton; the dif-
ference in the value of the raw material in the two coun-
tries, estimated at fully two cents the pound, with sortie ad-
vantage in the use 'of water power, being more than suffi-
cient to balance the advantage of greater cheapness in the
price of labor m England.
Again, they remark:
Wo f «scrt and challenge inquiry into the fact that, for
all the common purposes of life, our present manufactures
oi cotton are intrinsically as cheap, or cheaper, than they can
bo furnished from any part of the world. * * *
But it becomes a question of general expediency, whether
policy does not requite such protection as shall secure the
pioduction of the more expensue and h'antiful of those fab-
rics in this country Tin; mean-} and the facilities exist. But,
in this description of goods, more than most others, the ap-
plication of capital to it will depend on the rate of protection.
Upon this state of facts, plain men would suppose
that the tariff on imported cottons should be very
moderate on coarse cotton goods, and very high on
fine cotton goods. But the opposite is true. Though
it is here proclaimed that, in coarse cotton goods
we con compete with, nay, undersell any foreign
country, yet we have extravagantly high duties im-
posed on such descriptions of goods should they be
imported. What is attained by this prohibition
upon the imposition of the cheap cotton fabrics?
Why, the government is clearly not legislating with
a view to revenue, but simply to insure the manu-
facturers the monopoly of the home market, at their
own prices; and when we are supplied, the balance
they throw off in foreign markets, and of course
they must then sell them cheaper, as they have to
encounter foreign competition. But, when the enor-
mity of this tax on cheap cottons is pointed out,
why, a tariff ma« dryly remarks, How can a tariff,
imposed as you say under the minimum principle
in the late tariff bill of six cents the yard on cheap
cottons, have the effect to raise the price when we
can get cottons here for that sum? 13ut we, with
more propriety and justice, ask, why impose so
enormous a duty on an article which you yourselves
admit you can manufacture better and sell cheaper
than any other country? Have you demanded idle
legislation5 or does not the prohibition, by excluding
competition, give you the control of the home mar-
ket, and r" your own rates? A few facts on the
other side may shed some light on this point. The
following extracts are from a petition printed by the
Senate, 'and referred to its Committee on Finance,
July 25, 1842. it came from John Sarchet, of Phil-
adelphia, and Us statements seem to be entitled to at
least as much respect as any facts stated in the re-
port from the Committee on Manufactures to which
1 have been allnding. The petitioner observes
that—
"He bought pi .mi white cotton at one pemry per yard in
the couth oi England la«t j ear, a penny being ex-
actly cents; the operation o*f the duty would be exactly
32")'per cent. :is the pru\iso w ould take it as costing '2C>
ocnt- tho cc;U'iro yard i'our memorialist bought also some
pipits, for which he paid G cents, or 3d. per yard. These,
by the proviso, would pav a duty of ISO pei cent., and lower
priced m proportion hierher The«e prints would oil be sup-
posed to have cost 30 cents per yard—they cost only 6.
Your petitioner exhibited some of the plain white cotton
to a house largely m the business in this city, and was told
that the house was then paying 6 cents per yard, by the
dozen cf jalcs, and that i« the price now; that is, cottons of
low price are now 200 pei cent. hi*iu) in I'hdadclpliia. than
mLn Lmd; the taxes on plain and primed cotton# being
bv If rrlir greatest on those qualities u^ed or worn by the
poor or working class.
This was not ;tn accidental occurrence, the price current
in Manchester shows that good plain cottons sold at 3 shil-
lings, or 72 cents, the piece of -28 yards; and b} the last ar-
rival'of the Caledonia, it was state'd m the Manchester pa-
lters that cotton qoods w^ro lower than ever. Now. on
such as cost 72 cents the piece, the duty would operate 250
percent.
Thus we have corroborating statements; and, taking
