CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411-
people of the Territory would not swallow; and, at
their request, it would have to be repealed within a
year of its becoming a law, should it now pass. It
was not his purpose to inquire into the designs of
those who originated the measure; he only spoke of
the effects of the bill. He imputed no design; but
such would be the effects of the measure. Not
wishing to encroach on the hour at which the sena-
tor from Pennsylvania was to make his remarks on
the Oregon subject, he closed what he had to say for
the present.
Mr. TALLMADGE made a further explanation,
going to show that the bill from which the senator
from Ohio had read, to sustain his argument of yes-
terday, that the features and principles of the origi-
nal bill had been entirely changed, was an old bill;
and that the last amendmen' made by the committee
had reinstated the features of the original bill. He
adverted to the memorial from the Territory of Wis-
consin, to show that the people of the Territory
would prefer paying $2 50 for lands with this im-
provement, than $1 25 without it. As to the impo-
sition of a tax on the people of §750,000, all he had
to say was, that it was the choice of the people of
the Territouy to enter into this arrangement.
Mr. ALLEN explained the difficulty there was
in knowing what were the true features of the bill,
in consequence of the many and various changes it
had undergone.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on Mr. Allen's amendment, and resulted in the
negative—yeas 11, nays 28, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby,
Breese, Fairfield, Huger, McDuffie, Semple, Tappan, and
Wright—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard. Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Fulton, Han-
negan, Henderson, Jarnagin, King, Mangum, Miller, Fortcr,
Hives, Sevier, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tallmartge, Upham,
Walker, White, Woodbridge, and Woodbury—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was passed over informally till to-mor-
row.
OREGON QUESTION.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER—■
The Senate resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that it is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate, the provisions
of the third article of the. convention concluded be-
tween the government of the United States of Amer-
ica and his Britannic Majesty the King of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on the
20th October, 1818, and indefinitely continued by
the convention between the same parties, signed at.
London the 6th August, 1827.
Mr. CHOATE said that the senator from Virginia
[Mr. Archer] had just intimated to him, that ill ref-
•eience to the speech of the senator from Pennsyl-
<vania, as to the sentiments of the, people of the
United States against Great Britain, he (Mr. C.)
had overstated or gone beyond the import of that
senator's observations in the remarks he (Mr. C.)
had made yesterday. He certainly had no inten-
tion of misquoting or misrepresenting anything that
had been said; and he could not have supposed that
he had gone beyond the senator's meaning, if it had
not been intimated to him by his friend from Vir-
ginia that he had been reported to have done so.
In justice to himself, as well as to the senator from
Pennsylvania, it was necessary that the matter
should he corrected. He would examine the report
of his remaiks in the Intelligencer, and compare
what he had quoted from the senator's specch, with
the exact words used by the senator as reported in
a former number of the Intelligencer; and, as he pro-
posed revising Ins remarks for publication in an
authentic form, he would undertake to state in that
revision the senator's words exactly. He had
•great pleasure in making this explanation at the
suggestion of his friend from Virginia, without at
all having had anv communication with the senator
■from Pennslyvania on the subject.
Mr BUCHANAN said he was glad that the hon-
orable senator from Massachusetts, (Mr. Ciioatf ]
had voluntarily done him this much justice, be
(Mr.B.) thought if ha had gone fiuther and stated that,
an the ardor of debate, he had not correctly stated his
(Mr. B.'s) observations, according to the report in
the National Intelligencer, he would have done bet-
ter. Certainly he had not done that. H® [Mi-C.j
said "If he had done so." Now, it did appear to
hira (Mr. Buchanan) that he had clearly done so;
and that, in the frankness and candor with which he
had made this explanation, he ought ta have gone
so far as to acknowledge it. Surely neither the
senator from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] norany other
senator, in comparing his remarks with the senator's
[Mr. Choate's] speech, as reported in the National
Intelligencer, with paragraphs quoted from his (Mr.
B.'s) speech, could say that the one corresponded
with the other.
Mr. CHOATE was understood to say that he
would compare his own speech m the Intelligencer
with the report of the senator's speech from which
he had made the extract, and, in his revision, make
the necessary correction. He could not say how
his remarks stood reported in the Intelligencer; and,
therefore could not say whether he was reported to
have overstated the, senator's sentiments or not; but
if it was thus reported, and he did say so, it was
certainly unintentional. The report might be in-
correct, or he might himself be incorrect in the quo-
tation. In either case he would, in his revisal,
make the necessary correction. Beyond this he
could not go. He could not, on his conscience, re-
member that, in stating the senator's sentiments, he
had gone one shade, or one hair's breadth beyond
what he conceived, from the language itself, he was
entitled to go. He could not suppose he would say
a thing he did not mean to say; and therefore, if
the report represented him as doing so, it must be
incorrect. It was not impossible—indeed it was
very probable—that the reporter might have been
embarrassed, in distinguishing between what a
speaker said in his own language, and in quoting
the language of another. He could easily imagine
how, in that way, a reporter might be mistaken as
to what was actually said by the speaker as his
own. He (Mr. C.) could only say that he would
do perfect justice to the senator from Pennsylvania,
in preparing his remarks for publication ill an au-
thentic form.
Mr. BUCHANAN said there was no person in
the world—no member of this Senate, more desirous
of avoiding anything like such a difficulty than he
was. He had come here this morning prepared to
reply to the whole speech of the senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mi. Choate.] It seemed that he, [Mr.
C.] with every feeling, he, had no doubt, of doing
him justice, had not yet cnmpnml the report of his
own speech in the. National Intelligencer with the
paragraphs of his (M. B.'s") speech. He should
not, therefore, proceed to the discussion of this ques-
tion to-day—at least, m reply to the remarks of that
Senator. All he wanted, and all he desired was, to
be stated correctly in every paragraph; and riot only _
every paragraph, but e\cry sentence, word, and
syllable, in regard to the question in dispute, of his
own speech as reported in the Intelligencer, he en-
dorsed; and it certainly could not be a difficult mat-
ter for any person to decide, upon comparing the
one with the other,how the matter stood.
He would go on, however, this evening, and make
the explanation in regard to the treaty, which he
had promised to make; and which he would have
made yesterday morning, but that he was very
willing to yield the floor to the suiatoi from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Choate,] for his explanation. And
he would be as brief as possible.
If there was any man in this world who desired
to do strict and impartial justice, not only to those
at home, hut to the British government, it was him-
self. And the proposition winch lie had slated, and
which lie believed to be able to sustain by proof, was,
that the British government, at the time when they
sent Lord.Ashburton here to negotiate the treaty
about which, lie trusted he should never have occa-
sion to say another word—were in possession of a
map, of such high authenticity, that, m the opinion
of British statesmen, it would have si-ttled the^ques-
tion at issue between that government and the Ijni'ed
States, and set it at rest for all future time. That they
had full knowledge of the existence of this
map, was absolutely certain—though he hoped
the fact might not" be so that the knowledge
of the existence of this map was communicated
to Lord Ashburton. If he (L,oid Ashburton) were
to say, at any time, that he was not, while ne-
gotiator here, aware, of such a map being in exist-
ence, he (Mr.B.) should implicitly belie\e his word.
But before he proceeded to make further comments,
he should beg leave to ask the clerk to read, first,
what was said by Sir Robert Peel, and secondly,
bv Lord Brougham, on this subject. The secretary
of the Senate then read from Hansard's Parliamen-
tary Debates the following passage from Sir Robeit
Peel's speech:
"But there is still another map. Here—in this
country—in the library of the late King, was de-
posited a map by Mitchell, of the date 1753. That
map was in the possession of the late King, and.it
was also in possession of the noble lord, but he did
not communicate its contents to Mr. Webster. It
is marked by a broad red line, and on that line ia - -
written, 'Boundary,'as described'by our negotiator, :
Mr. Oswald;' and that line follows the claim of the
United States. That map was on an extended scale.
It was in possession of tlie late King, who was^par-
ticular ly curious in respect to geographical inquiries.
On that map, I repeat, is placed the boundary line
—that claimed by the United States—and on four
different places on that line, 'Boundary as described
by Oswald.' Now, I do not say that that"" was the
boundary ultimately settled by the negotiators; but
nothing can be more fallacious than founding a
claim upon cotemporary maps, unless you can also
prove that they were adopted by the negotiators; ,
and, when the noble lord takes it for granted that,
if we had resorted to arbitration, we should have
been successful in obtaining our claims, I cannot
help thinking that the matter would be open to
much discussion. I do not believe that that claim
of the negotiators was well founded—that it is a
claim which the negotiators intended to ratify. I
cannot say, either, that the inquiries which have
been instituted since Mr. Sparkes's discovery have
materially strengthened my conviction either way.
I think they leave matters much as they were; and
nothing, I think, can be more delusive than the ex-
pectation that, if the question were referred to arbi-
tration, the decision would inevitably have been
given in your favor, in consequence of the evidence
of maps, which would not be regarded as maps re-
cognised by the negotiators themselves. And then,
sir, with reference to the maps discovered subse-
quently to the conclusion of the negotiations con-
ducted by Lord Ashburton. The noble lord oppo-
site has stated that his predecessor in office had
made all possible inquiry into the matter, and pos-
sessed all the elements of information connected
with it. Lord Ashburton, then, had a right to
draw the same conclusion. He had a right to pre-
sume that he was sent abroad in possession of all
the elements of information on which a satisfactory
conclusion could be come to; and, therefore, the sub-
sequent discovery of the map m Paris, even if it
could be positively connected with Dr. Franklin's •
despatch, would be no ground for the impeachment
of the treaty of Lord Ashburton, or for proving
that lie had not ably and honorably discharged his
duties. If blame should fall upon any one, it should
fall upon those who have been conducting these ne-
gotiations for years."
Mr. B. then forwarded to the secretary's table
another volume of Hansard's debates, from which
the clerk read Lord Brougham's remarks, as fol--
lows:
"A great charge against Mr. Webster is, that he
suppressed the map of Dr. Franklin in the course of
the negotiation; and this suppression has been said
to savor of bad faith. I deny it. I deny that a ne-
gotiator, in carrying on a controversey, as represent-
in^ his own country, with a foreign country, is
bound to disclose to the other party whatever he
may know that tells against his own country, and
for the opposite party. I deny that he is bound,
any more than an advocate is bound to tell the court
all that he deems to make against his own client and
for his adversary. My noble friend, Lord Ashbur-
ton, has been objected to—my noble friend opposite
has been blamed for selecting him—because he is
not a legular bred diplomatist; because he is not ac-
quainted with diplomatic lore; because he is a plain
unlettered man as regards diplomatic affairs; and
because he had only the guide of common honesty
and common sense, great experience of fnen, great
°-eneral knowledge, a thorough acquaintance with
the interests of his own country and of the country
be was sent to, for his guide in the matters he was
to negotiate. But I believe my noble friend has yet
to learn tins one lesson—that it is the duty of expe-
rienced diplomatists, of regular bred politicians, of
those who have grown gray m the mysteries of ne-
gotiation and the" art of statecraft, that when you
are sent to represent a country, and to get the best
terms you can for it, to lower the terms of the oppo-
site partv, and to exalt the terms of your own, as
far as m'av be—you ought first of all to disclose all
the weaknesses of your own case—that your duty
to your country is something, but that your duty is
first to the opposite party, and tV>at you are bo«})4
