41%
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfife.
to' iell everything that makes for that adverse party.
That is your duty; that is one of those arts of di-
plomacy which have lain concealed until the present
year 1843—one of those principles of statesmanship
which it remained for the 6th of Victoria to produce
and promulgate, but which were assuredly not quite
understood by. that old French statesman, albeit
trained in the diplomatic school, who said that lan-
guage had been conferred upon men by Providence
for the purpose of concealing- their thoughts. This
was a lesson he had yet to learn, this regular bred
diplomatist—this practised negotiator. He certainly
could not have thought that it was his duty to prac-
tise a windown In his bosom, and let every one see
what passed in his mind. But it was the duty, it seems,
of my noble friend to tell all, and it was equally the
reciprocal duty of Mr. Webster to do the same. It
was niy noble friend's duty to disclose all that he
had found out against the negotiation he went to
conduct. That was the new art, the new mystery,
the new discovery of 1843; but I find my honorable
friend, Mr. Webster, has great authority, and that
even if he were wrong, he errs in excellent good com-
pany. It does so happen that there was a map pub-
lished by the King's geographer in this country in
the reign of his Majesty George III, and here I could
appeal to an illustrious duke whom I now see,
whether that monarch was not as little likely to err
from any fulness of attachment towards America,
as any one of his faithful subjects! [The Duke of
Cambridge: Hear.] Because he well knows that
there was no one thing; which his revered parent
had so much at heart as the separation from Amer-
ica^ and there. was nothing he deplored so much as
that separation having taken place. The King's
geographer, Mr. Faden, published his map 1783,
which contains, not the British, but the American
line. Why did not my noble friend take over a
copy of that map? My noble friend opposite (Lord
Aberdeen) is a candid man; he is an experienced
diplomatist, both abroad and at home; he is not un-
lettered, but thoroughly conversant in all the crafts
of diplomacy and statesmanship. Why did lie con-
ceal this map? We have a right to complain of
that; and I, on the part of America, complain of
that. You ought to have sent out the map of Mr.
Faden, an3 said, "this is George the Third's map."
But it never occurred to my noble friend to do so.
Then, two years after Mr. Faden published that
map, another was published, and that took the
British line. This, however, came out after the
boundary had become matter of controversy, post
litum motam. But, at all events, mv noble friend
had to contend with the force of the argument
against Mr. Webster, and America had a right
to the benefit of both maps. My noble friend op-
Eosite never sent it over, and nobody ever blamed
im for it. But that was not all. What if there
was another map containing the American line, and
never corrected at all by subsequent chart coming
from the same custody? And what if that map
pame out of the custody of a person high in office in
this country—nay, what if it came out of the cus-
tody of the highest functionary of all,—of George
3d himself? I know that map—I know a map which
I can trace to the custody of George 3d, and on
which there is the American line and not. the Eng-
lish line, and upon winch there is a note, that from
the hand-writing, as it has been described to me,
makes me think it was the note of George 3d him-
self: "Tins is the line of Mr. Oswald's treaty m
1783,written three or four tunes upon the face of
it. Now, suppose this should occur—1 do not know
that it has happened—but ii may occur to a Secre-
tary of State for Foreign Affairs,—either to my no-
ble friend or Lord Palmerston, who, I understand
by common report, take5? a great interest in the
question; and though he may not altogether ap-
prove of the treaty, he may prradventme envy the
success which attended it, for ii was a sneoe^ which
did not attend any of his own American negotiations.
But it is possible that my noble friend or Loid Pal-
merston may have discovered that there was this
map, because George 3d's library, by the munifi-
cence of George 4th, was given to the British -Mu-
seum, and this map must hove been there; but it is
a curious circumstance that it is no longer there. I
suppose it must have been taken out of the British
Museum for the purpose of being sent over to my
noble friend, in America; and that, according to the
new doctrines of diplomacy, he was bound to have
used it when there, in order to show that he had no
case—that he had not a leg to stand upon. Why
did he not take it over with him? Probably he did
not know of its existence. I am told that it is not
now in the British Museum, but that it is in the For-
eign Office. Probably it was known to exist; but
somehow or other that map, which entirely destroys
our contentions and gives all to the Americans, has
been removed from the British Museum, and is now
to be found at the Foreign Office. Explain it as you
will, that is the simple fact, that this important map
was removed from the museum to the office, and not
in the time of my noble friend [Lord Aberdeen "]
A very few observations would suffice to make
good the first allegation; and that was, that the Brit-
ish government, at the time of the mission of Lord
Ashburton, were in possession of a map of such
high authority, of such commanding;influence, that it
would, according to the language ofLord Brougham,
settle the claims of America to the disputed territo-
ry beyond all contention. Now, he would advert
for two or three moments to the nature and charac-
ter of this map.
Richard Oswald was the negotiator of the provi-
sional article of peace, signed at Paris on the 30th
of November, 1782. He (Mr. Buchanan) had
compared the provisional article with the adopted
treaty, and they were, word for word, and syllable
for syllable, and letter for letter, the same; so that
the boundaries of the United States were fixed by
the provisional treaty, on the 30th of November,
1782. The article contained in the treaty of the 3d
of December, 1783, was but a copy. 3Vfr. Oswald
was not the negotiator of the treaty of 1783; but it
was negotiated by Mr. David Hartley.
It was perfectly well known from history that
George III considered the provinces of the
United States as the most precious jewel of his
crown. He adhered to them with the grasp
of fate; and even when Lord North was
willing to close the revolutionary war, and grant
this country independence, he (George III) still
persisted m carrying on the war, hoping against
hope that he would ultimately be able to subdue
the country. He took the deepest and most lively
interest in the question; and was it not probable—
was it not absolutely certain—that, when Richard
Oswald returned from Paris to London, the
first, and most anxious inquiry of his Majesty was,
Where is the boundary line of my dominions in
America?
George III, as history represented him, was a
man probably of narrow prejudices, to a certain ex-
tent, but of sound judgment, and personally a sove-
reign of incorruptible integrity. Those best calcu-
lated to judge of his abilities had spoken of them in
the highest terms. Mr. B. referred to an interview
between him, Mr. Wesley, and Dr. Johnson. When
Mr. Adams, our first minister, was introduced
to George III, his reply was characteristic and honor-
a 1 le. He paid: "1 have been the last man in my
dominions to accede to the peace which separates
the United States from my kingdom. I will be the
first man, now that it is made, to resist any attempt
to infringe upon it." In the library of that mon-
arch we find a map; and a map marked according to
the testimony of both Sir Robert Peel and Mr.
Brougham, so as to give to the Americans all that
they claimed.
On this map was marked, in four different places,
not "the boundary line of Air. Oswald's treaty,'1 not
of "the treaty of peace between the two countries;"
but "the boundary as described by Mr. Oswald."
W as it not conclusive-1 Was it not convincing,
either that Oswald himself had described this bound-
ary, or that the boundary was described by some
person under lus direction3
It was stated l y Lord Brougham, from all the in-
formation he had received, that this sentence, four
times marked along the line, was in the handwriting
of Gt'or^e III himself. Here was the highest and
most. ecijclusHe evidence, hoie was the sovereign
who had had wrested from him the whole territory
of the United States, acknowledging, himself, that
the boundary line described bv Oswald was the
boundary between Iris North American provinces
and the United States; and that the description em-
braced the whole claim of the United States. A
document of this kind was absolutely conclusive.
It was but a matter of history now, to be sure—•
nothing more: it could do neither good nor harm.
But Sir Robert Peel himself, in this speech of his,
declared, after describing the map, that, "indeed, he
did not believe the claim of the government of
Great Britain wad well-founded; that it was a claim
which the negotiators intended to ratify."
Sir Robert Peel could do no more than make this
acknowledgment, after the high testimony which he
had presented to the House of Commons. How
was this map removed from the library of George
III? We were told that it was given by his son
and successor (George IV) to the British Museum;
and it was traced from the British Museum to the
Foreign Office at the time Lord Palmerston was
Secretary of Foreign Affairs.
He (Mr. B.) thought it was intimated by his
friend from Virginia [Mr. Rives] that there was no
proof to show that the present ministry of England
knew anything of the existence of this map. Was
that possible? Transferred from the British Mu-
seum, where it was public, where the eye of some
American might be fixed upon it—transferred to the
archives of the Foreign Office at the time Lord Pal-
merston was Secretary of Foreign Affairs—and yet
that the successor of Lord Palmerston shou-d not
have known of its existence? Why, it was the
most important object m relation to the treaty in
existence, on the face of the earth; and if Lord Pal-
merston had had that document removed from the
archives of the Foreign Office, it would have been
stated m this speech of Sir Robert Peel that such a
map had never come to his knowledge, or to the
knowledge of the present British minister. He
speaks of it throughout as a tiling perfectly well
known.
It was highly probable—nay, almost certain—
that this map found in the library of George III was
the very map from which Mr. Faden, the royal
geographer, drew his map of 1783, alluded.to by
Mr. Peel.
"But there is still another map. Here, in this
country—in the library of the late King, was de-
posited a map, by Mitchell, of the date of 1753; that
map was in the possession of 'the late King, and it
was also m the possession of the noble lord; but he
did not communicate its contents to Mr. Webster."
That "noble lord" was Lord Palmerston, and not
Lord Ashburton. He(Mr.B.) made this correction
with extreme pleasure. Whether it would be of
any service or not, would appear hereafter.
"It is marked," continued Sir Robert Peel, "by a
broad red line; and on that line is written 'boundary,
as described by our negotiator, Mr. Oswald,' and
that line follows the claim of the United States.
That map was on an extended scale. It was in pos-
session of the late King, who was particularly cu-
rious in respect to geographical inquiries,"
In the face of all that passed in the House of Com-
mons and the House of Lords, it was stated, by
some anonymous person, in a note to which the
honorable senator from Virginia [Mr. Rives] had
adverted, at the close of a pamphlet in his possesion,
and which that senator had kindly given him—
that "we have authority for stating that Lord Aber-
deen has said that he was not personally aware of
the existence of this mup until after the conclusion
of treaty; and Lord Ashburton was equally ignorant
of it till his return to England." This was said by
whom? Had Lord A-hburton said so himself3 Had
he ever communicated the fact to any one3 Had the
House of Commons, or any person there, pre-
tended to dispute the fact that the map was m
the archives of the Foreign office when Lord
Aberdeen and Sir Robert Peel came into power3
It was impossible that such an important doc-
ument could have escaped the notice of Lord
Aberdeen for more than a year. Lord Aberdeen
had never said so himself; and the time to make the
declaration would have bem when the debate as
proceeding in Parliament; and when Sir Robert
Peel himself acknowledged that the British govern-
ment had no right to the clo.m which it had Vt up.
It might be that Lord Ashbur'on was ip.^orantof
the exigence of this map. It was povsiMe, but it
was scarcely wuhin ihe limit* of the most remote
probability. But this same anonymous author(ic
was not known who he was) '".ays, m a note to this
declaration of Sir Robert Peel, "that m another re-
port of the debate, Sir ^Robert Peel did not say that
"he did not believe the claim r*f Great Britain was
well founded," &c.
On the other page there was a material difference.
Instead of saying the British claim was "not well
founded," he says "it was well founded."
But was this note of an anonymous author to be
compared with the reports of the debate, published
m Hansard's Parliamentary Debates? It was for a
man having no responsibility, to make any assertion
he pleased; and it war, for that reason he (Mr. Bu-
chanan) wished to do justice to all parties, that he
had refused to make any explanation, until he saw
these reports of the debate. He did riot know that
they were corrected. He supposed they were; but
