CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
Mr. SAMPLE called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted thus:
yeas 73, nays 73.
The CHAIR voted in the affirmative.
So the judgment of the Chair was affirmed as the
judgment of the House.
RHODE ISLAND MEMORIAL.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness in order was the resolution reported by the
select committee on the Rhode Island memorial, on
which the gentleman from New York [fytr. Stet-
son] had the floor.
Mr. STETSON commenced his remarks in rath-
er a low tone, and the position of the reporter being
atich that he cannot see, nor well hear the gentle-
man, the first part of them were lost. When heard,
he was commenting on the remarks of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Smith,] on the subject of Mr.
Van Buren's votes in the New York convention; and
he intimated that that gentleman had only partially
quoted Mr. Van Buren. He referred the gentleman
more particularly to pages 168, 182, 314, 324, and
326 of the journal of the convention, and proceeded
to read extracts to. show what was in reality Mr.
Yan Buren's course. He quoted, also, the federal
propositions in convention, which Mr. Yan Buren
opposed, which it was necessary should be known
that Mr. Yan Buren's votes might not be misunder-
stood. He caused to be read by the clerk an ex-
tract from a letter, written by Mr. Van Buren to a
committee of mechanics of Rhode Island, on the
subject of universal suffrage; and insisted that Mr.
Van Buren's course in New York had most mate-
rially aided in extending the franchise to 75,000 per-
sons. He then proceeded to notiGe the remarks of
Mr. C. B. Smith on the votes of Mr. Van Buren on
the subject of a limited suffrage of free blacks.
Mr. S. continued to quote various passages
from the speeches of Mi. Van Buren, to show what
his views were on the right of suffrage; and he thus
spoke until the morning hour had expired.
Mr. SIMONS of Connecticut obtained the floor,
amidst a number of competitors; and,
On motion ofMr. McKAY,
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. C. Johnson
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for fortifications, the
pending question being upon the amendment of the
gentleman fiom Georgia, [Mr. Hakalson,] appro-
priating a sum for the continuation of woiks at
Key West and the Dry Tortugas.
The CHAIRMAN stated that, in his opinion,
the amendment could not be entertained, as by the
rules of the House no appropriation could be made
by an amendment to a general appropriation bill,
for an object not previously authorized by law.
Mr. HOLMES said the Chair was undoubtedly
correct as to the rule; but he contended that the
present case did not conic within the rule. He be-
lieved that appropriations were made in 1815 and
1816 for the erection of forts at those places.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS said he recollected, some years
ago, a claim was brought before the Committee of
Claims for materials furnished for those works;
which materials were never used, and the claim way
allowed. This was his recollection of the matter;
but whether this circumstance would be conclusive
to show that these were such works as would au-
thorize the appropriation under the rule, he would
not undertake to determine.
Mr. HOLMES said if theie was any case which
would justify a departure from a technical rule, he
thought this was such a case.
Mr. HALE suggested that the debate was out of
order, as there was no appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. HARALSON said he thought he could ad-
duce such facts as would show that this appro-
priation would come m properly as an amendment
to the geneial appropriation bill. If ever there was
an occasion when it was proper to construe this
rule liberally, it was in view of the amendment
which was nowpioposed. E\eiy section of the
Union was deeply interested in the fortifications pro-
posed to be continued at these points. It was a na-
tional and not a sectional matter, and he trusted the
Chair would reconsider its decision;
After some remarks on the point of order by
Messrs. WELLER and LEVY,
Mr. HARALSON withdrew the appeal.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to amend the bill by add-
ing at the end an appropriation for the fortifications
at Portland harbor; but, after some conversation with
Mr. McKAY, in which he was - informed that the
bill contained an appropriation for that object, with-
drew the motion.
.The bill was then laid aside to be reported; and,
SECOND REGIMENT OF DRAGOONS.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the committee
took up the bill from the Senate providing for re-
mounting the second regiment of dragoons; which
being read,
Mr. HALE moved to amend it by inserting a pro-
vision that "all acts and parts of acts for raising the
eighth regiment of infantry be, and the same are
hereby, repealed."
Mr. HALE stated that the Florida war, which
was the immediate occasion for the creation of this
regiment, being ended, there was no necessity for its
continuance.
The CH1ARMAN was understood tu decide that
the amendment was not in order.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. PARMENTER approved of the motion, and
suggested that the House take up another of the
appropriations bills, the title of which Was not
heard.
Mr. McKAY hoped the committee would not lay
the bill aside to be reported; and he proceeded to
give some statements of the additional expense that
would be incurred by remounting these dragoons.
The additional expense which a regiment of dragoons
would cost per annum over a regiment of infantry,
was very considerable; but to what it would amount
he had not the means of stating correctly, for it was
variously estimated by different officers. One offi-
cer estimated the amount at $43,600; another, at
$60,555; and a third, at $79,177. He had really
hoped that they should have had some correct state-
ment from the Committee on Military. Affairs be-
fore so laige an increase of expenditure would re-
ceive the assent of the House. The argument
based on an apprehension of danger from the In-
dian tribes, he thought, had but little force, as no
danger need be anticipated from them, if they were
dealt with justly and kindly.
Mr. ADAMS objected to the word "repeal,"
which was used in the bill; for it would be idle to
pass a law to repeal the act dismounting the regi-
ment, when it had been long since executed, and the
horses sold. The phraseology was,to him, very pe-
culiar. They might as well repeal an appropriation
bill passed ten years ago—the money appropriately
by which had been long since expended. Pie sup-
posed it was meant that, by the passage of this bill,
that legiment should be remounted; and that the
government should incur the expense of repurchas-
ing the horses, &c., at double or treble the amount
for which they were sold; but, with its present phra-
seology, it would appear to be designed to replace
the officers and men in the position m which they
were at the time of the passage of the act by which
they were dismounted—a phraseology which would
favor the idea that the officeis and men had been in-
jured by the passage of the law of the last Congress,
and probably they would come here for compensa-
tion for such imaginary wrong. Pic denied that
Congress had the power to repeal such a law, when
it had been executed. At the last Congress they
had various reports suggesting magnificent appro-
priations for both the army and the navy. Why, fifty
millions of dollars would not have met the expendi-
tures of this nation if Congress had adopted the sug-
gestions of the President and his two thunderbolts,
the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Na-
vy; but for the 27th Congress, he would in justice
say, that instead of running a course of prodigality,
they had taken an opposite course.
He reminded the House of the proceedings of
the House of Repiesentativcs of the 27th Congress
on this very subject. Then, propositions were
made to reduce the army from 12,000 men to 6,000;
and the actual reduction made was hom 12,000 to
^,000. [t was the wish of that House to disband
this regiment of diugoona entirely; but the Senate
bo amended the bill as to dismount them, instead of
disbanding them. The amendments and reductions
made at that time were, in many instances, made on
the motion of their present rhaiiman, [Mr. Cv\c
Johnson,] in whose labors he [Mr. Adams] was al-
ways very glad to number himself as a friend and
supporter. He intimated that he should move the
disbanding of this regiment of dragoons; for the
Florida war no longer existed, which gave cause to
increase our standing army.
Mr. A. concluded by moving that the committee
rise; which motion prevailed, find the .committee
rose and reported the fortification bill to the House.
The question being on the engrossment, the pre-
vious question was orderfed, and the main question
passed in the affirmative.
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES said, believing that it
was unnecessary to pass this bill, and that the pub-
lic service would sustain no detriment by its rejec-
tion, he wished to recerd his vote against it. He
demanded the yeas and nays.
The demand was not seconded; and the question
being put upon the passage of the bill, was decided
in the affirmative.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. JOHN W. DAYIS: The memorial of
Hiram Lundy and eighty-five others, of the sixth
congressional district of Indiana; also, of Mr. Lit-
tlejohn and one hundred and fifty-one others, pray-
ing a grant of land for the continuation of the Wa-
bash and Erie Canal from Vigo (Terre Haute) to
Evansville, on the Ohio; and for the same object, the
petition of W. C. Keith and one hundred and forty-
eight others, of Knox county, Indiana.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: The petition of Wm.
H. Stickney and others, citizens of Gallatin county,
Illinois, praying Congress to take measures for the
lmrrovement of the Missouri, the Upper Mississip-
pi, and the Ohio rivers; which, upon his motion, was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. RITTER: A memorial from citizens of
Berks county, Pennsylvania, representing the tariff
of 1842 as operating favorably for the revival of the
trade and business of our entire country, and ear-
nestly praying that no change whatever be made in
that system, until experience shall have demonstra-
ted, by ascertained facts, that such change would be
for the better.
By Mr. McILVAINE: The memorial of Wm.
Janncy and sixty-eight others, citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, remonstrating against the admission of Texas
into the American Union.
By Mr. HAYS. Two memorials from citizens of
western Pennsylvania, praying for the extension of
the national road, by a lateral branch from some
point at or near the base of the Laurel hill, to the
harbor of Presque Isle, by the way of Pittsburg and
Meadviile: referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of Augustus
Troxel and numerous others, citizens of Dauphin
county, Pennsylvania, praying Congiess to main-
tain the tariff of 1842 until experience shall have
demonstrated, by ascertained facts, that a change
would be for the better.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 21, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro km. laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the State Depart-
ment, of die correspondence which" has taken place
between this government and the agents of the gov-
ernment of Great Britain in relation to the interpre-
tation of the tenth article of the treaty of Lord Ash-
burton: oidered to be printed.
Also laid before tire Senate a communication from
the War Department, transmitting a report made m
compliance with the resolution of the Senate of the
21st February, 1843, accompanied statements of
the expenses of improving the navigation of the
Ohio river at the falls near Louisville, Kentucky.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Also laid before the Senate a message of the
President of the United States, transmitting to that
body a copy of the convention concluded on tiie
17th of March, 1841, between the United States -and
the lenublic of Peru, which had been duly ratified,
and of which the ratifications luue been exchanged;
communicating it to the end that suitable measuies
may be adopted to give effect to the first article
thereof, which provides for distribution among the
claimants of the sum of $300,000, thereby stipulated
to be paid: leferred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented ten memorials from
citizens of different parts of the State of Pennsylva-
nia, similar to a number he had already presented,
earnestly praying that the present tsuifr be not dis-
turbed until experience demon^w^s, by ascertained.
