416
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
facts, that Buch change would be for the better: re-
ferred tQ the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial from "William B. Vaughan,
praying for an extension of time for completing his
contract with the government for the delivery of
navy timber: ordered to lie on the table, a general
bill for such object having been passed and sent to
the House.
Mr. B. said he had been requested by a lady, who
had written him a very polite and civil letter, to pre-
sent a memorial from a number of women of Penn-
sylvaaia, asking Congress to abolish every thing in
the constitution and laws in any manner recognising
slavery.
Mr. HAYWOOD raised the question of reception
on the memorial. And
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, that motion was
laid on the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented three other memo
rials of a similar character, signed by men m Penn-
sylvania; which were disposed of in like manner.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from John
Frazer, late architect and superintendent of the New
York custom-house, asking Congress to pass a law
for the settlement of his accounts, and to pay the
balance due him on his contract with the govern-
ment: referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a memorial from S.
A. Morse and 115 other citizens ©f Maine, remon-
strating against a change of the mail-route from
Jonesport to East Machias, in that State: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Po«t
Roads.
On motion by Mr. STURGEON, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the petition of
Lucretia Haymaker.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Thomas
Allen, praying an appropriation in fulfilment of his
contract with the State Department for printing the
compendium of the sixth ccnsus: referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SIMMONS presented a petition from Eliza-
beth Cornell, executrix of her father, Oliver Cornell,
praying that the pension agent at Rhode Island may
be authorized to pay her the balance which was due
her father by way of pension at the time of his de-
cease: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also presented petitions from Sarah Daggct,
Mary Reynolds, Rose Bowen, and Dorothy Ham-
den, widows of revolutionary soldiers, piaying
that the pensions which they heretofore received
may be continued to them during their natural life:
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which had been referred petitions of a
number of settlers on the public lands m Louisiana,
reported a bill to secure certain rights of pre-emp-
tion m the State of Louisiana, and for other pur-
poses; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. BARROW, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of William De Buys, late postmaster at New
Orleans, which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAYWOOD remarked that the general
assembly of North Carolina, at its last session,
passed certain resolution urging upon the senators
and representatives 111 that State to use their exer-
tions to obtain an appropriation for the completion
of the United States arsenal in that State, as an ar-
senal of deposit*, and gemral construction. It was
presented to the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, but no final action was
had upon them. He moved that they be taken
from tne files, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs: Agreed to.
Mr. H. said lie had prepared a resolution, calling
upon the War Department for information, which
ought to accompany these resolutions to the com-
mittee; and he would state, with a view of drawing
the attention of the committee to the fact, that in
1835, an act of Congress was passed, authorizing in
express terms the erection of an arsenal of de-
posite, and general construction in the State of
North Carolina. At various times appro-
priations were made for the purpose of carry-
ing into execution the intentions of the law, but the
executive department of the government had sus-
pended in part the purpose of the law, and only
gone on to complete the work as an arsenal of de-
posit®. _ His object m asking the attention to the
memorial of the legislature wns with the view to get
the committee to go into an examination of the sub-
ject, and see if they did not concur in opinion of
the representatives from that State, that the execu-
tive officers of the United States have no right to
suspend a law of Congress, or to defeat the object
of its laws. It was their business, when a law was
passed, to carry it into execution; and if it could not
be executed without alteration or amendment to re-
port that fact to Congress; but not undertake to re-
peal a law or render it inoperative by their will
merely. With the view of bringing the facts in the
case directly before the Senate and the country,
he begged leave to offer the following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate an estimate of the
amount which will be necessary to complete the
United States arsenal near Fayetteville, in North
Carolina, as it was originally designed by law, viz:
as an arsenal of deposite and general construction;
and that he report also what balance there is in the
hands of disbursing officers of any appropriation
heretofore made for the erection and completion of
said works.
The resolution having been read, was adopted.
THE ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The joint resolution of Mr. Evans, providing for
the adjournment, sine die, of both Houses of the
present Congress on Monday, the 20th day of May
next, was postponed till Monday next.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. EVANS gave notice that, as the honorable
senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] had appeared
in his seat, and desired to address the Senate upon
the subject, he would also, on Monday next, ask for
the consideration of the resolution of the Committee
on Finance for the postponement of the bill intro-
duced by the senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDuffie,] for the reduction of the present tariff to
the standard of the compromise act.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a memorial from
Mrs. Theodocia Nctherland, of Jessamine county,
Kentucky, the widow of Benjamin Netherland, de-
ceased, a lieutenant in the revolutionary war, pray-
ing some allowance for the services of hei husband
at that time: referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an a-lversc report on the petition of
Thomas Fillebrown, jr., for the settlement of his
claim for commission on certam disbursements;
which was ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE presented two memorials
fkpm citizens of the State of Michigan, praying for
tne construction of a canal around the falls of St.
Mary's river: referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
The adverse report of the Committee on Pensions
in the ease of Lewis Da\ is, was taken up and con-
curred in.
FOX AND WISCONSIN RIVERS.
The bill granting a quantity of land to improve
Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and to connect the same
by a canal in the Territory of Wisconsin, was again
taken up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to amend the bill by add-
ing to the last section the following: "And so soon
as the Territory of Wisconsin shall be admitted as a
State into the Union, the said canal and improve-
ments shall become the property of the people of the
people of said State, provided that the convention
which shall form th« constitution for said State shall,
m that instrument, agree to accept said canal and
improvements on the condition that the State of
Wisconsin shall not collect any more tolls, water
rates, or profits, upon the said canal and improve-
ments, than will be sufficient to keep the same in re-
pair.
Mr. TALLMADGE remarked that he would
have no objection to the amendment, if the Senator
from Ohio would strike out from the word "condi-
tions," to the end of the proposed amendment—"as
to the collection of tolls." The reason why he sug-
gested tins was, that the principle of the bill was
that the improvement was not to cost the govern-
ment anything, at the same time the canal would
be of great benefit to the government. The bill
provided that all the troops and munitions of war
and property of the government should be trans-
ported on the canal free of charge. When the ter-
ritory comes into the Union as a State, and accept
the improvements, she should be allowed to have
them on the same terms as Oiiio and Illinois; which
States had not only grants on the principles of this
bill, but other grants, without any condition at all
for objects of internal improvement. They kept tht
works under their own jurisdiction; and charged
such tolls as they pleased. He hoped, therefore,
the senator would not press the latter part of his
amendment, limiting the amount of tolls. There
was no danger that unreasonable tolls would be col-
lected. It was proper that Wisconsin should have
this improvement on the same principle on which
other States had theirs.
Mr. TAPPAN was understood to remark that
the provision of the bill allowing the property and
troops of the United States to be transported on the
canal free of charge, was merely the re-enactment
of what was already a part of the law of the United
States. The senator from New York remarked that
the canal was to be constructed without any expense
to the United States. It was true that the expense
may be refunded to the government, or, in other
words, that the United States may be placcd in funds
for making the improvement, by the advanced price
of the reserved alternate sections of land ©n the line
of the proposed improvement. However that might
be, yet the work proposed was to be done by the
officers of the United States government, and at its
expense. The Senate, by its vote yesterday, refused
to give the land as a donation to Wisconsin. If
they had reconsidered that determination, and were
now willing that the land appropriated should be con-
sidered a donation, those portions of the bill incon-
sistent with such determination should be stricken
out. If it was not intended to make the land a do-
nation to Wisconsin to execute the work under her
own supervision and in her own time, the bill
should limit, in some way, the amount of tolls to be
collected. The federal government oug;ht not to
make the canal, and give it to Wisconsin, without
limiting the amount of tolls to be collected.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to strike out that
part of the amendment of the senator from Ohio
limiting the amount of tolls.
The CHAIR reminded him that it was not then
in ordef, there being an amendment pending to an
amendment.
Mr. TAPPAN said as his amendment did not
appear to be acceptable to the father of the bill, the
senator from New York, [Mr. Tallmadge,] he was
willing to withdraw it.
Mr. TALLMADGE then offered the first part of
the amendment proposed by the senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Tappan] in the following words: "So soon as
the Territory of Wisconsin shall be admitted as a
State into the Union, and the said canal and im-
provements shall become the property of the people
of such State: provided the convention which shall
form the constitution for said State shall, in that in-
strument, agree to accept said canal and im-
provements."
This amendment was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, thebill was fur-
ther amended, by providing that the mail of the
United States shall be transported forever on said
canal free of charge.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and the
amendments of the committee of the whole were con-
curred in.
Mr. TAPPAN gave at length the reasons why
he could not vote for the bill. The land appropri-
ated by the bill, he believed, was sufficient, or near-
ly so, to construct a canal on the whole line of the
pv"posed improvement. Pie was willing to appro-
priate the land to make a canal the entire length of
the proposed improvement, and not to appropriate
it for the purpose of attempting to improve the nav-
igation of those rivers which could not be from the
nature of the streams, a permanent improvement.
These rivers could be made to serve as feeders to a
canal—a canal which would always afford a good
navigation. Not so with the rivers: if an improve-
ment was made in their navigation one year, an ap-
propriation would be necessary the next year to
keep the navigation m a state of improvement,
owing to the obstructions which were always in a
process of formation. Their channels were constant-
ly fluctuating.
* Mr. WOODBRIDGE accorded in opinion with
the senator from Ohio, [Mr. Tai-pan,] that a canal
would be the best kind of improvement, because it
would be more permanent than river improvement;
but remarked that the appropriation of land by
tins bill was totally inadequate for such a purpose.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time by the following vote—yeae 31,
nays 7:
YEAS— Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Iterrow. Bates Bayard,
Beriipn, Breese, Choate, Clayton. Daj ton, Evens, P airfield,
Fulton, Haunegan, Henderson. Huntington. Jsrnagtn.
