430
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
  The Tariff—Mr. Steenrod.
put to the rack; and even the government threaten-
ed with being brought to a dead pause, if their arro-
gant demands were not submitted to. Then, this was
the great panacea—the cure-all for the people and
country. And now, ere the country, by the force of
its great resources and recuperative energy, has re-
covered from this ruinous and disastrous controver-
sy—"ere the shoes were old, with which" they fol-
lowed this humbug and imposition to the grave, we
witness these same capitalists, under the mantle of
manufactures, rallying, with a reanimated spirit of
rapine, under the taxing power of the constitution,
demanding that taxes might be imposed upon the
people, not to support the government, but to pro-
tect home manufactures. Yes; though the national
treasury should remain empty, the nation in debt,
the revenue inadequate to meet its expenditure, and
compelled to resort to loans and credit, all this must
be endured to protect the manufacturers.
I am one of those that believe that it is our duty
to arrest this growing system; to restore to the gov-
ernment its accustomed revenues; to free the taxing
power, from its present incumbrance, its impotence
to replenish the treasury. No longer allow this
power intended to provide for the common defence
and general welfare, to be prostituted by administer-
ing to the importunities of capitalists and manufac-
turers.
I agree with the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Seymour,] who has made a minority report on this
subject from the Committee of Ways and Means,
that of all the modes prescribed in the constitution to
levy taxes by the federal government, duties on im-
ports has long been the preferred system of taxation
by a large majority of the people. And while they
stand ready to sustain this as a preferred mode of
taxation to furnish a large portion of the revenues
to the government, still, if these duties are to be im-
posed for other purposes than revenue for the gov-
ernment, to take money from the pocket of one man
to put it into others, I warn gentlemen it must
bring this entire mode of taxation under the con-
demnation of the people. Taxation for govern-
ment purposes is deemed by the citizen a necessary
burden. But taxation for other purposes than
this, is rather a system to test the patience of
the citizen than his loyalty to the government. No
man can longer be deceived on this subject. A tariff
is but a tax bill to levy and collect duties on imports,
to furnish a revenue for the government, paid by the
importer at the custom-house; which tax becomes
a part of the price of the articles, is paid by the re-
tail merchant, and then repaid by the consumers.
Though it is not paid to the marshal or the sheriff
as an internal tax, levied on the head or the prop-
erty of the citizen, still it is not less a tax, though
it is more subtle and less obnoxious in form. It is,
to some extent, a voluntary tax, paid by the citi-
zen in the form of price on all that he buys thati s
dutiable. The iron, cottons, woollens, the salt, mo-
lasses, sugar, leather, all come to him at an increased
price by the duty imposed on the article in the form
of a tariff; and as the duty on the article is high or
low, to a great extent makes them cheap or dear
to the consumer. When a man says he wishes a
revenue tariff, we understand he wishes such* a tax
on imports as will furnish the government with rev-
enue duties from this source. When a man says
he wishes a protective tariff, we understand he
means duties on imports, not for revenue for the
government, but to protect the home manufactures
in high prices against the cheap prices from abroad.
Now, sir, I hold it as a maxim, that every disinter-
ested citizen ought to be the advocate of low taxes—
first, to secure an economical administration of the
government; next, to give to each citizen the con-
trol and management of his own earnings and es-
tate. Then concede that the limited power to im-
pose duties on imports, to furnish revenue for the
support of government, gives also the power and
discretion to employ it to protect any one great in-
terest interest in the country, and I fear it would be
a dangerous power. The same power would allow
Congress, in its discretion, to impose all the bur-
dens of government on one great interest, and to ex-
empt another; and thus perhaps enrich one by im-
poverishing another. When we acknowledge this
protective power to exist, as it is called by its
friends, there is no safe restraint against its abuse.
The tax payer and property holder have no securi-
ty but the unlimited discretion of the representa-
tive—a frail texture to shield the laboring masses in
the great contest that capitalists so often wage
against them. But concede that this power exists m
the constitution; is it expedient to exercise such a
April, 1844.
H. of Reps.
power m a free government?—a government resting
on the will of the people; a government which is ad-
ministered upon their' sentiments. In the contest for
political power, the manufacturer may succeed to-
day in getting the control of the government; he then
"Thinks, good easy man, full surely
His greatness is a ripening."
With the power to secure a system of privileges
and bounties, he invests his capital, extends his
credit, to gather a fortune in a season. But the sys-
tem can only be sustained for a short period; the
great masses become impatient and restless under
their unequal, burdens; and, sustained by an en-
lightened appeal to an "honest public opinion, soon
another revolution is effected. A popular declara-
tion goes out through the ballot-box against this sys-
tem, and down comes the lumbering policy, with all
its disastrous reverses, alike to its upholders and the
country.
This fluctuation begets a gambling speculation, by
which capital often profits; but it is at the expense of
the wages of labor. "Under our free institutions, if
any particular pursuit afford large profits to labor,
otilers will rush in and participate in them, and re-
duce them below the average rate;" and this results
in great gain to the capitalists; but prostrates labor,
and reduces it often to indigence and want.
The framers of the constitution provided for this
alternate mode of taxation on imports; not that it
was thecheaperor the most uniform and equal, bat
that, by the acquiescence of the people, the govern-
ment might thus be supplied with revenue; and, per-
haps, to the extent of the revenue duty, to give the
home manufactures the incidental protection that
would give them greatly the advantage in the home
market. To this power, and its legitimate exercise,
the people would cheerfully acquiesce. This, at all
times, would give the home manufacturers an ad-
vautage over all foreign competition in the home
market from twenty to thirty-five per cent.i with
this they ought to be content. I, sir, am no enemy
to manufactures; but one who is solicitous that they
should be permanent and prosperous. I would not,
then, trust their safety to the uncertainty of legisla-
tion.
I desire to secure to them all the advantages which
a revenue system affords—-its profits, permanency,
and repose; and to shield them from the ruin and
hostility which favorite legislation must inevitably
entail on them.
Then, I imagine the first duty of the friends
of this mode of taxation is, to ascertain the extent
to which it should be carried, to fun. ish the gov-
ernment with revenue, and stand commended to the
eheerful support of the citizen. On this subject, I
happy to believe there is no room to speculate. All
political economists, from Smith down to McCul-
loch, all enlightened statesmen acknowledge there
is a revenue standard in every country, a point in
this system of taxation where the, greatest amount
of revenue can be furnished; go beyond that, and
the duties imposed become prohibitory, and, to that
extent, preclude revenue to the government. It
must be conceded, then, that the revenue standard,
as a mode of taxation, is the point at which this sys-
tem should stop. With the experience of upwards
of half a century upon the subject by this govern-
ment—the flood of light poured out on it by a long
protracted and enlightend discussion—I care not
whether you take the two great periods of revenue
and protective duties, or the single period from the
commencement to the close of the compromise,
there is abundant proof to be found to sustain the
position that, as a fiscal problem, it is solved that
the revenue standard in this country is an average
duty of 20 per cent, [Here some member asked.
Do you say an average duty? and how high would
you ranger] Yes, sir, 1 say an average duty, and
range to 33, or perhaps 35 per cent. Discrimina-
tion*, I concede, discrimination between luxuries and
necessaries, a discrimination necessary to secure a
uniform revenue from customs, and to enable the
tax-payer to be able and willing, at all times, to pay
his portion of the revenue. This, then, is the rev-
enue standard in this country—a standard that will
furnish the country with the most uniform duties:
a safe revenue, without affoiding a premium to
smuggling, or crippling thecommerce of the country,
or interfering with the pursuits of labor and cap-
itals, and confusing and distracting the business of
he country.
Here is" presented the great objection to the pres-
ent stupendous tariff law, and the necessity of its
modification. This law imposes an average duty of
thirty-seven per cent, on the dutiable imports—near
twice the amount acknowledged as the revenue
standard—duties that, to a great extent, are prohibit-
ory, and lessen the income from the customs, and
yet imposes a heavy system of taxation on the peo-
ple. • This law imposes on the following seventeen
articles a duty from forty-five to two hundred and
thirty-five per cent:
Articles.
Anvils, Wilkinson's warranted
Brass battery or hammered kettles
Butt hmges, cast iron - -
Hammers, blacksmiths' *
Iron, in bars ....
" " under &-8 inch square
Irons, sad or smoothing, tailors' and hatters' - 140
Iron wire, No. 0 to 6 • • - 235
" " No. 14 .... oyo
Iron wrought nails, rose-head, a bag of 10011m.,
Sd. - 103
Pins, mixed - - -, • • 7d
Saws, cross-cut and pit - -' . - 75
Screws, iron, called wood screv-s - • 67
Bright trace-chains, 6A feet, No 3, iron - 144
Kitchen furniture, such as saucepans, kettles,
&c , tinned - - • ■ - 4"i>
Bright ox and log chains - • - 160
Jack chain - * - • • 96
Ad valorem rate of
such duty.
• 70 per cent
• 50 do
•
- 67
• 1WJ
240
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
A law that imposes these high duties on articles
that enter so generally into the use of the tradesman
and others, and then leaves a long list of thirty-odd
free articles connected with manufactures for their
cheap use and exclusive profit, cannot stand vindi-
cated as a revenue law. As such, it is inoperative
and unjust, opposed to every principle of taxation
prescribed to us by the constitution. It was the de-
sign of the founders of the government to limit the
taxing power by all the restrictions that couid check
its abuse. The amount of taxes to be imposed on
the people was limited by the enumeration of the
purposes for which they should be appropriated;
and to prevent unequal legislation, it was provided
that taxes should be uniform; but these constitu-
tional injunctions are totally disregarded in this law.
The exporting States have not only to pay an un-
due portion of the revenue, but it goes further, and
makes the most odious of all discriminations. It
discriminates for the wealthy, and against the poor,
by imposing light taxes on one, and high on the
other. All that enters into the daily use of the man
of fortune is taxed comparatively light, while all
that is consumed by the poor is taxed to an exorbi-
tant amount. The poor, with no estate, dependent
alone on their labor, receive but little from govern-
ment. It is the rich that require by "government
to be secured in their possessions, ana protected in
their estates; and the policy of our institutions is to
impose on those who require the expenditures of
government to bo augmented, to bear their propor-
tionate charge. But the policy may be broader, and
may be extended beyond this. This is a "govern-
ment of the people by the people." It can only
stand commended to their confidence and affections
by administering it in the economy which will con-
fer the greatest benefits on the greatest number.
The rich are always the few in every age and coun-
try; the great masses are the laboring millions; and
to administer the government on the policy that lays
at the foundation of our institutions—confer the
greatest good on the greatest number—its burden
should rest lightly on the masses, and rather aim to
better their condition, than depress them. But
this law imposes the heaviest burdens on the
masses, and makes the laboring man a mere ma-
chine, to work out his existence for the classes
that are to be favored and instituted by government.
But even this law does not disclose all the enormity
designed by its advocates, "cheated of feature,"
"deformed," "unfinished," "scarce half made up,"
and that "so lamely and unfashionably," that even
its friends design it shall be amended, to complete
the purposes intended. When the bill that is
now the law, was reported from the committee
to the House, at the last Congress, it contained
a provision to tax all unenumerated articles twenty
per cent., and this imposed a duty of twenty per
cent, on tea and coffee. It is true, that this provi 
si oil was stricken out in Committee of the Whole,
and this amendment sustained in the House; but it
was reinstated in the Senate, and the House afterwards
concurred in it; and the bill afterwards passed both
Houses of Congress. This bill was vetoed by the
President. The bill was again introduced into the
House, and the provision to tax tea and coffee, and
another equally important part, were stricken out of
it; it then again passed, and became a law. The
Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual report to
Congress at the commencement of the present ses-
sion, recommends that this law should remain
