COMRESSlOMlfc GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIYES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
MONDAY, MARCH 25, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 27. •
[Continued from JVo. 26.]
Johnson, King, Merrick, Miller, Phelps, Porter, Semple.
Sevier, Simmons, Tallmadge, Upham, Walker, White, and
Woodbridge—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Haywood, McDuffie,
Sturgeon, Tappan, and Wnght—7.
Mr. TAPPAN introduced a joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of State to purchase from
Hiram Powers, of Cincinnati, busts, in marble, of
such of the Presidents of the United States as had
not already been executed, at a sum not exceeding
$500 for each bust; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
The bill amending the act fixing the time of hold-
ing the circuit and district courts of Ohio, which
had been returned from the House of Representa-
tives with an amendment, was taken up for consider-
ation; but was laid on the table on the suggestion of
Mr. BERRIEN, until oneof the senators from Ken-
tucky, who took an interest in the bill, appeared m
his seat.
The bill from the House, making appropriation
for certain fortifications for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1845, was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
OREGON QUESTION.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to give notice to the British govern-
ment that it is the desire of the government of the
United States to annul and abrogate the provisions
of the third article of the convention concluded be-
tween the government of the United States of Amer-
ica and his Britannic Majesty the King of the Uni-
ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on the
20th October, 1818, and indefinitely continued by
the convention between the same parties, signed at
London the 6th August, 1827.
Mr. SEVIER rose and addressed the Senate for
about an hour and a half. He said he had taken
some pains last session, as well as the present ses-
sion, to investigate the title of the United States to
the Territory of Oregon, in compliance with his
duty as a member of the committee charged with
the subject, as well as in conformity with the duty
which influenced him, in reference to the great in-
terests that might now oi heiuafter be affected, to
examine into the matter. He had endeavoied to
conduct his investigation into the subjcct with due
care, candor, and. impartiality. He had thus ex-
amined every question connected with the claims of
both countries, and the result of his investigation
was, that he considered the title of the United States
to all that was claimed by this government could
not be successfully controverted by Great Britain.
It had been hiri purpose, during the progress of
this debate, to give to the Senate, and through the
Senate to the country, a brief analysis of the
grounds on which he had founded this opinion of
the title of the United States. But that was not
now necessary, as that labor had been better per-
formed by those who had preceded him, and it had
been admitted on all sides of the Senate that there
was no ground for cavil as to our title, that being
admitted to be beyond dispute.
If we desired to possess the country of Oregon, to
which all sides of the Senate admitted our title was
undisputed, what were the steps proposed to be
taken for getting that possession' It was desired,
on the side of the Senate to which he belonged, to
obtain it by showing their hands at once as to the
course they wanted to pursue for the attainment of
that object. And the first step they proposed, was,
in conformity with the 3d article of the convention
of 1827, to give notice of annulling and abrogating
that convention. Without doing this it could not
be expected that our citizens would settle in the
country; they could not permanently do so, unless
protected by our laws and our government. As
long as the convention of 1827 exists, and things
remain as they now are, all the advantages of the
occupation of the territory must enure to Great
Britain. She is quite content to let this condi-
tion of things remain undisturbed. She has no
motive for disturbing the convention. She
has all she wants—complete sovereignty over the
whole territory, by her laws civil and criminal, as
well as by her occupation, and the exercise of
ownership in the country, appropriating it as she
pleases. What more could she gain by negotiation?
Nothing. What has she to lose by negotiation?
Something—certainly something if justice be done
to the United States.
It was with these views that he (Mr. Sevier)
considered it necessary that this resolution should be
adopted, because it would remove one of the imped-
iments to negotiation—the existing convention.
That impediment should, iri the first place, be re-
meved out of the way. He and his friends con-
sidered that the country could not be settled by
American citizens, unless they had something to
induce them to believe that the laws and protection
of the United States would be- extended to them.
Let the inducements be what they may to emigrate
to Oregon, no citizens of the United States would
settle permanently there under any prospect of be-
coming subjects of Great Britain or of being made
amenable to her laws, civil and criminal. These
were his views, and those of his friends around
him. They had no secrets about them. And yet
these views were opposed by the other side of the
Senate; but for what reasons it was necessary to in-
quire. These reasons seemed to be of two classes:
first, that it is deemed indelicate or disrespectful to-
wards Great Britain; and second, that it is disre-
spectful towards the President of United States.
There was a third reason which perhaps he ought
to mention. It was that this step was altogether
unnccessaiy and without motive.
These objections had been held up prominently
by the other side, and they had been maintained
with much ability. Some senators had, indeed,
gone further, and urged anothei position far beyond
the first positions urged, that, notwithstanding it was
unnecessary and inexpedient to pass this resolution,
there were other reasons why this step should not
be taken; oneof which was, that ultimately it would
involve the necessity of settling Oregon with Amer-
ican citizens!—that it would draw away our strength
—a portion of our population.
Now it was his purpose to notice briefly these
several objections; and he should endeavor to show
that they were not such as should stop the proceed-
ing of the friends ofOregon on this question.
"First, then, as to the objection that this resolution
ought not to be passed, because it would be consid-
ered as disrespectful towaids Great Britain: we were
told in the early part of this debate, that the govei n-
ment of England had sent to this country a special
minister, clothed with ample power to settle this
never-ending controversy; that here came he amongst
us with peace on his hps and justice in his heart,
prepared to do us all the justice that was due to us.
Now if this were so, it would be placing the matter
in a very different form from what lie imagined was
the reality, and he should be very much gratified if
he could believe this assurance had something sub-
stantial to rest upon. He had not forgotten the fe-
verish anxiety which existed on a former occasion,
throughout the country, and which was allayed by
similar assurances—afterward far from being
realized. He alluded to the assurances given
when Lord Ashburlon was announced as
a special minister coming to this country
to settle all matters of controversy and dis-
pute between Great Britain and the United States.
We were told he was fully accreditcd to settle all;
and we were credulous enough to believe it, and to
throw away all our animosities, engendered by ag-
giessions on our noitheast boundaiy, by the out-
rage on the Caioline, and accumulated insults to our
commerce, and everything else which had been cal-
culated to awaken the spirit of the country. But
when Lord Ashburton's powers came to be exam-
ined, we found they extended only to the settlement
of one out of all the questions of difficulty that had
to be adjusted. Fresh in the recollection of our dis-
appointment on that occasion, what had we now to
induce us to believe that the present minister from
Great Britain has more power to settle the contro-
versy about Oregon than Lord Ashburton had?
What knowledge had we that he was at
all authorized to settle it? It was agreed,
some time ago, that this controversy should
be settled «t the capita! of Great Britain, Has
it been transferred to this country? What au-
thority had we for supposing it was? Where was
official information to satisfy us of the fact, if it ex-
isted? The whole thing amounted to this: that, be-
cause it had pleased the Clueen .of England, in the
seventh year of her reign, to supersede an old minis-
ter, for a long time resident here, and to appoint a
new one,—for this reason,and no other, nil Congress
is called upon to "halt! stand as you are! and cease
to piate about Oregon. If you attempt to legislate
when it has pleased her Majesty to send a new min-
ister here, the little lady will get angered, and war
may be the result of your rashness."
If war was to scourge this country for no other
provocation than for giving to the Piesident of the
United States such suggestions as the Senate and the
representatives o'f the several States of this Union
may deem requisite and expedient, let war come!
If we cannot legislate in these halls with perfect
freedom, and declare our sentiments as freemen,
both on this question and eveiy other we choose to
discuss, without incurring the hazard of involving
our country in war, the sooner that fact is known
the better. If we cannot act on a great public mat-
ter of national interest without consulting couit
etiquette, and the lively sensibilities of a foreign
power, rather than the interests of our common
country, the sooner we are taught that lessoit the
better for us.
The new British minister, he had no doubt, had
come here to supersede the old one, and for no othei!
purpose. If we take no steps in this matter, we
shall never hear anything of negotiation. If we do,
we are told war is to grow out of it. But one thing
was certain—that our citizens, wishing to settle the
Oregon, required that some step should be taken.
With regard to the second objection, that our pro-
ceedings are disrespectful to the President of the
United States, inasmuch as they amount to a usurp-
ation of his functions under the constitution, no
such design had been entertained, nor was there the
slightest idea of acting towards him with disrespect.
Tfie object of the resolution was to remove out of his
way the impediment to the negotiation he was desirous
of bringing to a favorable issue. He has no power
per se to abrogate the existing convention. The
friends of the resolution proposed to clothe him with
the necessary power to do so. He cannot be em-
barrassed by it, because he has twelve months, af-
ter the notice is given, to carry on the negotiation
and conclude a treaty. It affords him ample time
to settle the controversy, if it can be settled by di-
plomacy.
He had been somewhat amused to find his friends
lectured from the other side about being disrespect-
ful to the President. How long, he would like to
know, had that feeling towards the President ex-
isted on that side of the chamber' Disrespect to
the President! How? The President had been
successful in one case of negotiation, at least in
making a treaty. He (Mr. S.) and his friends
wished to afford him the means of being successful
in effecting another treaty. The President had had
difficulties enough to encounter in the adjustment of
the first. But, without this resolution were passed, lie
would, in the next, have such difficulties greatly mul-
tiplied; for he would have to encounter the indispo-
sition of Great Britain to disturb her present posi-
tion. She has all she wants—complete possession
of the territory, and the extension of her laws, civil
and criminal, over it. She has had all this for
twenty years, and had been appropriating the coun-
try to her own use and that of her subjects, just as
she pleased. She has built forts there for the per-
manent protection 6f her subjects. She has drawn
around its harbors, rivers, and coast, her armed ves-
sels; and she has held out obstinately against our
just claims; and had made no advances whatever
towards yielding up the country to us.
Mr. S. having disposed of these main objections
to the resolution, proceeded at considerable length
to answer the minor objections—namely, those
in relation to there being no necessity for this
resolution, and the supposition that a draft of our
population, by emigration to Oregon, would weaken
our strength; which objections he showed were of
no real weight or moment.
