April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
28th Cong..'...1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Steenrod.
H. of Heps.
disturbed; and to furnish the government with the
revenue necessary to meet its expenditures, to press
this system of taxation still further, and to impose
from three to five millions of dollars of taxation on
the people. And impose it on what3 _ On the dia-
monds, jewelry, and luxuries of the rich, that "fare
sumptuously every day," and might be able to en-
dure it? No, sir; no! But on the prime necessaries
of life, on tea and coffee, which are the chief susten-
ance and great beverage of our people. A tax that
requires the poor man who has no resources but
in his sinews and labor, to pay as much for the sup-
port of government, as the man with his great patri-
mony and immense possessions. I would as soon
think of taxing air, light, water, or any of the ele-
ments of life, as these prime necessaries of our peo-
ple. I would rather this day see the government
impose a poll tax on the head of its citizens, and
thus openly avow the principle of taxing the rich
and the poor alike, as to see this unequal system thus
disguised. This, then, I say, is a part of this policy;
it has been sustained in this House and the Senate
by the friends of this law; and it has been recom-
mended as an ulterior resort. As an auxiliary to sus-
tain this law, the minority report of the Committee
of Ways and Means, and the distinguished gentle-
man near me [Mr. Ingersoll] require the imposi-
tion of this tax on tea and coffee, rather than allow
this law to be altered or modified; and the reason of
my remarks upon this subject is to show to the peo-
ple of the country that this duty is to be a necessary
part of this law.
Sir, when it occurs to me what portion of this
system of taxation is to be borne by my poor con-
stituents, what it will cost them, whose brawny
arms have to stand exposed alike to the heats of
summer and blasts of winter, to earn a bare sub-
sistence, and when I think how much of the earn-
ings of this people the government is to exact, 1 am
bold to warn you that the day of your trial is at
hand; and though this class of our people is now
weak, the day is not distant when they may be as
terrible to you "as an army with banners."
This is not the policy of our institutions, nor the
policy of the country, though it may be the policy
of Great Britain, one of the oldest kingdoms of Eu-
rope, a small island in the bosom of the ocean, with
a dense population, but 1-88 acre to the inhab-
itant, and two hundred and thirty-two people to the
square mile, with lio field opened there for labor
but to crowd the people into the workshops and
manufactories. But it must be known this is not
the condition of our country. If this country pos-
sesses any one advantage above all others, it is that
it is a land for the poor and destitute, and the inviting
field it opens to labor. It is here, if unembarrassed
by unwise legislation, man can find an unbounded
field to pitch liis enterprise, and direct his industry.
It is an agricultural country, where every man, by
industry and economy, can soon command a home
and farm, by which he can put himself and his fam-
ily on the highway to ease and independence, if not
to affluence. A country with a boundless, varied,
and fertile territory, unrivalled by any other on the
face of the globe, from the "Orient to the drooping
west," embracing the beautiful savannahs of the
South; the extended prairies of the West; the roll-
ing uplands of the middle States; abounding with a
soil and climate adapted to the cultivation of almost
every vegetable production; a long line of lakes ex-
tending nearly across the entire country, and the
mighty waters of the St. Lawrence and Mississippi,
not only watering a continent, but affording high-
ways for the farmer's products to our ports, alike
on the Atlantic and Pacific, from whence they may
be shipped to the markets of the world. These
great elements to constitute an agricultural country,
it might be supposed, the government would cher-
ish, and foster this as the great interest of the
country.
But the government has a deeper stake than even
this in the agricultural prosperity of the country. It
has a patrimony in the public domain that surpasses
the estate of any other nation; and it might be sup-
posed, in the present embarrassed condition of its
finances, that it had a great interest in selling these
public lands, if not certainly a great interest in
peopling them, converting them into farms, to in-
crease its productive industry, to furnish tax-paying
citizens in the time of peace, and soldiers in war.
Then, sir, what effect has this law on this great
farming interest of the country; on the employment
of the largest number of its citizens; on the labor
which furnishes a greater portion of its exports; on
tlie farmer, who was the first to make his w y into
the mighty forests of the New World, and was the
pioneer of all the civilization and improvement which
followed in his train?
Now, the first feature that is presented to my
consideration in the examination of this question, is,
the duties on beef, pork, wheat, flour, and other
agricultural productions, which have been held up
so exultingly on the other side of the House, to de-
lude the farmers.
Why, sir, are these duties imposed? Does not
every man here know, that the duties arising out of
the importations of these articles would not pay
the expense of levying and collecting them? There
is but little of these articles imported, except in a
season of redundant paper currency, or at a time of
great scarcity—a failure of crops, when, certainly, it
is the policy of none than importation should be re-
tarded, or the price increased bf duties. But if
these duties are imposed to protect the farmer, it is
needless. These are the great exports of the coun-
try, and with them our farmers are underselling and
competing for the markets of the world. I am then
reluctantly compelled to believe, this is but to dis-
guise this unjust policy, and thus to commend it to
the support of the agriculturist. By the operation
of this law, the government is conferring a bounty
on the manufacturers, levied and exacted, to a great
extent, from the farmers and planters. The articles
which pay three fourths of the duties at the custom-
house, are principally consumed by the farmers and
planters; and an exorbitant duty imposed on every
article which enters largely into their use and con-
sumption; and thus greatly lessens the profits of
their industry, by increasing the cost of their produc-
tion.
Iron, that is so much required in the cultivation
of the farm and the household, in sending the
farmer's produce to market; by the operation of this
law, he is required to pay, on every dollar of iron
he buys, §1 12]; on salt, (that is as necessary as
grass and provender for his stock,) lie pays a
tax of 80 per cent.; on leather 53 per cent.; oil cot-
tons 100 per cent.; woollens as high as 07 per cent.;
all of which are necessary for his daily raiment.
The farmer who is required to pay these high du-
ties to sustain the manufactures, it might be sup-
posed, would be protected by like high duties on
the raw material produced by the fanner, and work-
ed up by the manufacturer; that so far, at least, the
duties would be reciprocal: but not so. On all raw
material coming in competition with the farmer, and
to be worked up by the manufacturer, the farmer
receives none of the favors of protection, but main-
tains this law for the exclusive benefit of the man-
ufacturer. On sucli articles, there is imposed not
even a revenue duty; on hides, so extensively im-
ported from Brazil, which come in competition with
our western graziers for the home market, there is
only a duty of 5 per cent.; on coarse wool, which is
produced more or less by every farmer in the coun-
try, and which has to encounter the competition of
the coarser wool from Spain, and which is sold
cheaper in our market than the American growth,there
is imposed the light duty of 5 per cent.; but when these
articles arc worked up to protect the manufacturer, the
duty is raised from 35 to 60 per cent. I might pause
here, and ask why this discrimination—this partial
legislation? If the manufacturer receives the pro-
tection of 35 per cent, on hides when worked into
leather, and from 28 to 60 per cent, on woollens,
why not allow the farmer a like protection on
hides and wool? If it is to protect the home against
foreign laborers, ought not this bill to extend the same
protection to the laborer in the fields as in the manu-
factoiy? No, this was not the design of the law; it
was to give a hasty and a hot-bed existence to the
manufacturers, to enure alone to their profit by dis-
criminating against all the other great interests of
the country. I would be glad, Mr. Chairman, (if
tfcat minute hand did not warn me to forbear,) that
my time would allow me to show the effect of this
system on the division of labor, and to demonstrate
to this House that it is not only inducing capital and
labor from the cultivation of the fields—the healthy,
independent occupation of the farmer—but is dis-
crediting this reputable pursuit, and giving a falla-
cious importance to the manufacturer, to the great
injury of the farmer. But the crowning objection
to this system has yet to be examined. Three-
fourths of the exports of this country are from the
fields, the forests, and the fisheries. The Old World
is their best market; there they sell highest and buy
cheapest. The exporter buys these products of the
country, and sells or exchanges them in foreign
markets for fabrics and other articles for his return
cargo, to supply the home market. This tariff law
now interposes, and arrests this natural trade and
exchange of surplus products of this and other
countries. Though the farmer can sell, by means of
the exporter, his products higher in the markets of
the Old World than at home, and can buy cheaper,
this law is to interfere with this, and to protect the
home manufacture against the low prices at which
the farmer could procure his supplies, and levies du-
ties on these articles; which duties become a part of
the price that the farmer has to pay, which makes
the articles as dear to him as the high prices charged
by the home manufacturer. This, he is told, is ne-
cessary to sustain the home manufacturer against
the free competition, the cheap labor, low interest,
and low prices of the foreign manufacturer. But
this does not complete the picture. Does the law
confer equivalent favors on the farmer? Do the
manufacturers take the products of the farmer's la-
bor at like high prices? No, they do not buy one-
sixteenth of the farmer's surplus produce; and what
they do buy they fix their own arbitrary prices, as the
competition of other markets are, to a great extent,
closed on them. The exporter will not buy their
surplus produce, because this law, with its high du-
ties, precludes him from selling in the market where
he only can buy. Where, then, is to be found the
market for the farmer's surplus produce' This law
closes up his foreign market, and puts him at the
mercy of the home consumers; and it is fallacious
to suppose this surplus produce can find consumers
and demand at home. In an interesting and elalo-
rate memorial of Joshua Leavitt, printed by the
Senate the 2d session of the 26th Congress, "pray-
ing the adoption of measures to secure an equitable
and adequate market for American wheat," he states,
after thorough examination of the subject, that the
four northwestern States and two Territories, "at
the same rate of productiveness with the cultivated
land m the United Kingdom of Great Britain, the
land already sold by the government should pro-
duce subsistence for near 30,000,000 of people,
while the vast quantity still unsold admits of a near-
ly proportionate increase." The occasion will not
permit me to adduce the statistics by which he de-
monstrates conclusively the truth of this proposition.
Where, then, I ask, are the residue of the planters
and farmers of this great country to find a market
for their surplus produce? Upwards of half a cen-
tury has a great political school in this country
been industriously inculcating the policy of making
a home market for the surplus produce of the farm-
er, by the government directing the industry and
controlling the investment of capital, by in-
ducing the people to bear the burdens and
privations imposed by legislation to rear
up and protect domestic manufactures, under the
delusive persuasion that the golden season would
soon come when they could compete with the for-
eign manufacturers, sell cheaper, buy dearer, and
multiply the population so as to furnish a home
market for the surplus produce of the farmer;
and this argument, that gave existence to the sys-
tem that has sustained it for near a half century, is
now reinforced to sustain this law, which has justly
been Styled the black tariff; perhaps from the fact
that it embodies more of the principle of protection
to manufactures, exclusively, than any ever yet en-
acted; or perhaps from the fact that, for the first
time, it discloses the design of the upholders of this
unjust system to render it the seitled and perma-
nent policy of the country. We cannot close our
eyes on the lessons of experience. The system has
not sustained the prophecy of its friends, or ful-
filled the purposes for which it was instituted.
Human intelligence can no longer be imposed on by
its fallacies, and popular expectation can be no
longer baffled. Our immense agricultural produc-
tion must find a maiket; and to find this, our ports
must be unlocked, and the government divorced
from this restrictive policy. This will enable our
farmers and planters not only to produce much
cheaper, by reducing the cost of their consump-
tion, and enable them to undersell other nations in-
foreign markets, and secure to them a stead;'-market,
and "increase the profits of their industry. This
would give a fresh impulse to our agricultural pur-
suits, by furnishing a safe market; and our im-
mense uncultivated and unimproved lands would
be speedily converted into farms, and be peopled by
a hardy and industrious yeomanry that could sup-
ply the markets of the world. And then their prod-
uce would be found to float on every sea, and
crowd almost every port. Then villages, towns,
and cities, would start up in every section of our
