CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
419
of the gentleman, under the rules, to present this
memorial at the Clerk's table, and have it referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER said that it was.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL then, by general con-
sent, withdrew the motion for a suspension of the
rules, and said that he would present the memorial
at the Clerk's table.
EXCHANGES, CURRENCY, &C.
Mr. HUBARD asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury in-
quire into, and report to the House of Representa-
tives, at the earliest practicable day, the average
rates of foreign and domestic exchanges annually,
from 1816 to 1836, and from 1836 to 1844; also, the
amount of specie in the United States during the
same periods; also, the rates of discount on State-
bank notes during the same periods; also, the
amount lost by the community from the failure of
banks—from defalcations of bank officers—from
counterfeits and forgeries put into circulation, or im-
posed on the banks; also, the loss from the destruc-
tion of bank notes, drafts, and other evidences of
bank liabilities during the same periods; also, the
amount paid annually to bank officers, and for the
use of banking-houses^ also, the number and capi-
tal of the existing State banks, and the extent of
their circulation.
Air. MILTON" BROWN objected, but intimated
that he would withdraw his objections if the mover
would amend his resolution in the mode he pointed
out.
Mr. HUBARD moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BOYD called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—yeas 117,
nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams*, Anderson, Atkinson, Barringer,
Benton, Edward J. Black, James Black, Bower, Bowlin,
Boyd, Jacob Brinkerlioft', Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Mil-
ton Brown, Jeremiah Biown, Buftington, Burke, Burt, Cald-
well, Campbell, Augustus A. Chapman, Chilton, Clinton,
Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett Davis,
John W. Davis, Dean, Debcrry, Dronigoole, Duncan, Dun-
lap, Elmer, Ficklin, Foster, French, Willis Green, By-
ram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Iiaralson, Herrick, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Jarnes B. Hunt,
Chailes J. Inger&oll, Jameson, Cave Johnson. Perley B.
Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston
King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Maclay,
McClelland, McConnell, McDowell, Mellvaine, McKay,
Marsh, Morse, Nes, Owen, Pettit, Peyton, Elisha II Fottei,
Emery D. Potter, Purdy. Rathbun, Reding, Rell'e, Rliett,
Ritter, Roberts, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, St. John,
Sample, Saunders. Senter, Severance, Thomas H. Sejmour,
Simons, Simpbon, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles,
Strong, Summers Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker,
Weller, Wentworth, White. Williams, Woodward, William
Wright Joseph A. Wiight, and Yost—117.
NAY'S—Messrs. Baker, Blackwell, Carroll, Catlin, Cling-
roan, Cranston. Giddings, Grinnell, Hardin, Harper, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Jenks, Daniel P. King, Newton, Pat-
terson, Preston^ Thompson, Tyler, Vinton, Wethered, and
Winthrop—22.
So the rules being suspended, the question came
up on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. HUBARD demanded the previous question,
and it was sustained by the House
The resolution was then agreed to.
RHODE ISLAND MEMORIAL.
The SPEAKER announced the order of business
to be the resolution of the select committee on the
Rhode Island memorial, on which Mr. Simons of
Connecticut was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SIMONS rose and said it was not hi3 pur-
pose to ihflict on the House a speech; but there
were on this floor two classes of men—the one
were the talkers, and the other the listeners. He
belonged to the latter class, and lie rose to claim for
the class to which he belonged their rights and
privileges. He deemed it a waste of the time of the
House thus to consume day after day, which should
be devoted to the business of the country. He was
not desirous to see one man on one day set up that
which was set down by another gentleman on the
next.
Mr. BURKE interposed, and requested the gen-
tleman from Connecticut to yield the floor, to ghe
him an opportunity to offer an amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment for the informa-
tion of the House; and it appeared to be a substitute
for the resolution reported by the chairman of the
select committee, specifying the names of the wit-
nesses that the committee desired to examine.
Mr. SIMONS agreed to offer the amendment for
the gentleman from New Hampshire, as there was
some difficulty in the way of his yielding the floor;
and on that he moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER decided the amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. SIMONS then moved the previous question
on the subject as it was before the House when he
took the floor.
The previous question was sustained by the
House, and the yeas and nays were called for, and
ordered, on the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Causin,] to discharge the select
committee from the further consideration of tlie
subject, and they resulted thus: yeas 70, nays 86:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Baker, Barringer, MiltonBrown,
Jeremiah Biown, Buffington, Burt, Cairoll, Chilton, Cling-
man, Coles, Cranston, Cross, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Rich-
ard D. Davis, Deberry, De^let, Dickey, Dickinson, Elmer,
Fish, French, Willis Green. Grinnell, Haralson, Hardin,
Harper, Hogc, Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P.
Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Lewis, Lumpkin, Mellvaine,
Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Newton,
Patterson, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter, Preston. Ramsey,
Rhett, Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Saunders, Senter, Sev-
erance, Albert Smith, Soence, Stiles, Summers, Thomasson,
Tyler, Vance. Vinton. Wethered, White, Winthrop, Wood-
w ard, and William Wright—70.
NAYS—Messrs.Anderson, Atkinson, Benton, Edward J.
Black, James Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd,
Brodhead, Aaron V. Blown. William J. Biowu, Burke,
Caldwell, Cary, Catlin. Reuben Chapman, Augustus A
Chapman, Clinton, Cullom. Dana, John W. Davis, Dean,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ficklin, Foster, Bjram
Green, Hale, Hamlin, Henley, Hemck, Hoge, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford. Charles
J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, La-
branehe, Leonard, Lucas, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland,
McClernand, McConnell, McDowell. McKay, Parmenter,
Payne, Pettit, Emery D. Potter, Purdy, Rathbun, Reding,
llelfe, Ritter, Robeits, Robinson, St. John, Simons, J. T.
Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod. John
Stewart, Stone, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker,
Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton, Joseph A. Wright, and
Yost—86.
So the committee were not discharged.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the reso-
lution reported by the committee; and upon this
question the yeas and nays were demanded.
In reply to an inquiry from Mr. ADAMS,
The SPEAKER said that no amendment would
now be in order, the previous question having been
demanded, and the main question ordeied; which
was upon agreeing to the resolution as originally
reported by -the committee, empowering the com-
mittee to send for persons and papers.
Mr. ELMER moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were de-
manded and ordered, and being taken, resulted, yeas
72, nays 84.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the resolution, and the yeas and nays having been
previously ordered, were taken, and resulted tlius:
yeas 78, nays 71:
YEAS—Messu. Anderson, Benton, Blackwell, Bower,
Bowlin, Boyd, Wm. J.Brown, Buike, Caldwell, Can., (.at-
lin, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Cro«s, Cullom,
Dana, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dean, Duncan, Dimlap. Fick-
lin, Foster, By ram Green, Hale. Hamlin, Ha*dm, Jrlenlej ,
Ilemek, Hoge, Hopkins, Hubard. Jlubbrjl, Hughes, Hun-
gerford, Jarnes B Hunt, J.imrson, \ndrew Johnson. Geo
W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy. Leonairi, Lucas, MeCrfU-Uen,
Macloy, McClelland, McCJernand, McConnell, McDowell,
Owen* Paimenler Pajne, JVtfji, Piatt, Pmdy, Rathlmn,
Reding, ReJfe, Ritter. Roberts. Robinson. St John, Thos.
H. Seymour, Simons, John T. Smith Tlios. Smith, Steen-
lod, John Stewait, Stiles, Stone. Thompson, libbatts,
Tucker, Weller, Wemvorth, Wheaton, Williams, and Jo-
seph A. Wright—7S.
NAYS—Mcsms. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Mil-
ton Biown, Jeieuiiah Biow 21. Bufhngton, Burt, Carroll, Reu-
ben Chapman, Chappell, Chilton, Clinch. Chngman. Coles,
Collamer, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Richard I) Da\is, De-
berr\, Dickey, Dickinson, Elmer, Fish, French, Giddings,
Willie Gieen, Grinnell, Huivlson, Harper, Hudson, Wash-
ington limit, Joseph It Ingersoll, in in, Perlev B. John-
son. John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Lewis, Mcllvaine,
McKay, Marsh. Edward J. Moiiis, Moist-. Moseley, Ne ,
Newton, Patterson, Pe\ ton, Elisha Pl Pottfr, Jtinnsey, Da-
vid S. Reid, Rhett, Rockwell, Rogeu, Sample, Senter, Sev-
erance, Albeit Smith. Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Summers,
Tildeu, T) lei, Vance Vsinnytcr, Vinton, Wethered, Winte,
Wmthiop, Woodward. andWrn. Wright—71.
Mr. HARDIN moied a reconsideration of the
vote by which the resolution had been adopted, and
addressed the House 011 the subject of Mr. Van
Buren's political course, which he endeavored to
show was inconsistent. Mr. H. concluded by mov-
ing the previous question.
Mr. BURKE rose to address the Chair.
Mr. ADaMS also rose, and said he hoped the
gentleman would withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HARDIN assented, on condition that the
gentleman from Massachusetts would renew it.
The SPEAKER remarked that the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Burke] had been first
recognised by the Chair, aitd was entitled to the
floor. ,
Mr.. HARDIN. Then 1 will Ho! withdraw lbs
motion. I do not like to be too kind to my, frieftcfa'
Mr. BURKE then moved that the. qurestiou o<f
reconsideration be laid on the table.
Mr. ADAMS.' If the gentleman will withdraw
the motion, and yie.ld me the floor, I promise not
speak at all on the' subject before the House, awl
not even to mention Mr. Van Buren's name. 1 pio-
pose to speak upon a very irrelevant matter.
Mr. BURKE, however, insisted upon his motion
-to lay on the table; and upon that motion,
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS observed that he would- get an op-
portunity, perhaps, when the report of the commit-
tee comes in, to address the House. His object was
to convince them that the power to send for persons
and papers, ought not to be granted.
Mr. w ELLER said, as the House seemed to be
rather thin, especially 011 his side of it, he would
move a call of the House; and upon this motion,
the yeas and nays were ordered; and being taken,
resulted thus—yeas 96, nays 62.
The call of the House was ordered.
The roll was called, and it was astcrtained that
160 members answered to their names.
The absentees being called, it was ascertained that
there were 178 members present.
Mr. VANCE moved that further proceedings un-
der the call be dispensed with; which motion was
rejected.
The SPEAKER then directed the doors of the
hall to be closed, and the absentees were called for
the purpose of hearing excuses; whereupon excuses
were severally offered for them, and twenty of them
were cxcused on account of indisposition of them-
selves and their families, and other necessary causes
for absence.
Mr. WELLER moved that all further proceed-
ing under the call be suspended.
Mr. W. J. BROWN moved an adjournment, Vut
again withdrew it. *
Mr. McCLERNAND hoped all further proceed-'
ings, under the call, would be dispensed with.
The yeas and nays were called for, but not order-
ed, and the motion to suspend was negatived.
Mr. HOMLES moved that the sergeant-at-arms
be sent in search of the absentees.
The SPEAKER put the question, and reported
that the ayes appeared to have it.
A division was called for; but, before it was
taken,
Mr. "VANCE suggested that if they proceeded to
send for the absentees, the entire day would be thus
consumed; and he asked if it was desired that the
members present should sit still while the sergeant-
at-arms was searching for the absentees.
Mr. CAMPBELL called the gentleman from
Ohio to order, as debate was not in order unless a
motion were made to reconsider.
Mr. RATHBUN said that he would make the
question to reconsider.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired how many members
were absent.
The SPEAKER replied that there were 17 absent
without excusc.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said the object of the call-
was to get a quorum present to do the business of
the House, and that had been accomplished; but if
the House persisted in the call, they must be
kept here uselessly while the absent members were
brought from Baltimore and elsewhere. He moved
again that all further proceedings under the call be
dispensed with.
The SPEAKER put the question, and on a divi-
sion, there were 79 in the affirmative, and 66 in the
negative. All further proceedings were therefore
suspended.
The question then recurred on the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table, on which the
'yeas and nays had been ordered. The yeas and
nays were taken, and resulted thus: yeas 89, nays
77. So the motion was laid on the table.
THE SECOND REGIMENT OF DRAGOONS.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
bill to remount the second regiment of dragoons,
(Mr. Cave Johnson in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] made yesterday, to strike out all after
