434
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, i§44
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Presidential Election—Mr, Hamlin.
It. of fieps^
tor from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard;] and that is, that
the'property of the crew of th« Adams was not de-
stroyed in the ship; and he ieads from a history of
the war to show that e>|pything had been taken out
of her. Well, now, sir,'(said Mr. F.,) of what con-
sequence is it whether the property destroyed was
in the ship or alongside of her. Suppose, in the case
of the Missouri, th"e clothing and other effects of the
crew had been placed in boats alongside of the ship
for the purpose of being; transported to the shore,
and were there burned with the ship: would the crew
be any the less entitled to relief than they would
had their property been burned in the ship? If not,
why should the claims of the crew of the Adams be
affected by the circumstance that their property was
destroyed in the tender alongside of the ship, and
not in the ship herself? Surely such a distinction
is without a difference. As before observed, the
main inquiry should be, Has a loss occurred? The
particular mode or manner is of no consequence,
provided the loss was for the public—provided it
was equivalent to the taking of private property for
public uses; in which case the constitution express-
ly provides compensation.
Before closing, Mr. F. said he wished to correct
the senator from- Delaware as to a matter of fact.
The honorable senator speaks slightingly of this
affair, and says there was no fighting. [Mr. F.
here read from the official account of Commodore
Morris, made to the department soon after the
events occurred, in which he states the killed on
the side of the enemy to be eight or ten, and the
wounded from forty to fifty. On the American
side, two were taken prisoners.
In conclusion, and xn confirmation of other points
in the caf>e, Mr. F. read the following extracts from
the official report of Commodore Morris:
^ erceiving it impossible to subsist our men in a body,
thiough d country almost destitute of inhabitants, they
were ordered to repair to Portland as speedily as they might
be able. The entire loss of all personal effects rendered us
dependent on the generosity of the inhabitants between the
Penobscot and Kennebec for subsistence, who most cheer-
fully and liberally supplied our wants to the extent of their
limited means. Our warmest thanks are also due to the in-
habitants of Waterville, Augusta, and Hallowell, for tlieir
Jibeiality and attention.
After complimenting in warm, and, without doubt,
just terms, Lieutenant Wadsworth, and the other
officers, for their gallant conduct upon that occa-
sion, Commodore Morris adds:
^ The bravery of the seamen and manaes is unquestioned,
i heir uncommon good conduct upon their march—those
feelings which induced them to rally round their flag at a
mitance of two hundred miles from the place of their dis-
persion, without Qt\e instance of desertion,—entitle them to
particular approbation, and render them an example which
vbeir brother tars may ever be proud to emulate.
REMARKS OF MR. HAMLIN.
of maine.
In the House of Representatives, May 15, 1844—On
the bill fixing the election of presidential electors
on the same day in each of the States.
Mr. Hamlin said that it would be recollected by
the House, that the debate upon the the bill before
them had assumed a political or party character.
At the time he was so fortunate as to obtain the
floor some weeks since, on this bill, he designed to
have replied to the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clingman.] He should, however, not do so,
but would discuss the question really under consid-
eration, as he had on another occasion substantially
said what he had intended originally to have said on
this question. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina, on the time alluded to, had spoken of the intel-
ligence, sagacity and taste of his constituents, and
that he spoke for Buncombe, as he resided in that
county. From the gentleman's boast of his intelli-
gent, sagacious and tasteful constituency, he (Mr.
H.) had been led to an examination of that constit-
uency in a variety of aspects, and had discovered
from official census returns of 1840, some remarka-
ble facts. This same Buncombe was a whig fortress
ofNorth Carolina, giving about four whig votes to
one democratic vote. The facts discovered, then,
that more than one-third, or about two-fifths, of the
white population of this same whig Buncombe, over
twenty years, could not read and write. Other facts
as remarkable were discovered, to which allusion
could well be made, and which proved the necessity of
talking to a constituency, where, in one of the whig
'counties, three-fifths over 21 years could not read and
write. He should forego all these discoveries made,
pnd confine himself strictly and briefly to the bill
under consideration.  '
The bill before the House declared tliftt the presi-
dential election should be held on o.nte tod thte Same
day in each of the States. The design of the law
was to prevent the interference of one State, or. the
citizens of one State, with the elections of another.
It was designed to prevent, and in a very $reat degree
would prevent, the alarming frauds which had been
perpetratedupoh the liigh and sacred right of the elec-
tive franchise. Upon the free and pure exercise of
that right must depend not only the stability, but the
perpetuity, of our institutions. If thtfe was any
question demanding the carefht and deliberate action
of the House—if there was any great question which
addressed itself to. them as American legislators and
st&teSMen, it was the measure before them, qsit wag
calculated to preserve and secure the ri'ghl of voting.
Our government was founded in the popular will,
and how great—how very great the importance that
that will should be fairly expressed, and protected
from fraud! There was a finn belief, founded on
knowledge, which could hardly mislead, that subli
fraud had not only entered into, but eviii controlled,
important elections. A law to cheek and prevent
all this, should ttoiViiiiend itself to all, and receive the
favorabte Consideration of the House. Pass this
!aW, and the effect of an election in one State cannot
be made to operate upon another. Let this bill be-
come a law, and the voters cannot go from one State
to control the election of another State. ' That it
would cure all evils, or prevent all frauds which dis-
honesty was disposed to practise, would not be con-
tended. 13^t no one could for a moment doubt, if all
the good desired was not fully accomplished, much—
very much fraud would certainly be prevented.
Great fraud would be prevented, and great good
would be done. It would certainly prevent such
alarming scenes as had starSed vast numbers of the
people.
The first matter for consideration was one of
power. Have Congress the right to fix and deter-
mine the day on which this election shall take
place, so that it will be uniform in all the States?
The constitution alone must guide them in this mat-
ter; and in reference to that instrument, it would be
found that no doubt at all could exist. The consti-
tution was as clear and explicit as language could
make it. The second clause of the second article of
the constitution declared:
Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the legisla-
ture thereof may direct, a number of electors equal to the
whole number of senators and repiesentdtivcs to which the
State may be entitled ill the Congress
It will be seen that the States, by the constitution,
are directed to "appoint" electors equal in number to
their senators and representatives in Congress. The
mode of appointing or electing, each State will de-
termine for itself. Congress has nothing to do with
it. It is exclusively the right of the States. The
fourth clause in said second article is:
The Congress may determine the time of choosing the
electors, and the day on which they shall give their votes;
which day shall be the same throughout the United States
This left no doubt as to the power of Gongress to
"determine the time" when Congress chose so to
do. It was obligatory upon Congress to fix the day
when all the electoral colleges should meet, and that
day "shall be the same throughout the United
States." Congress has, by law, "determined the
time" when the electoral colleges shall meet, and it
has determined, not the day on which the election
shall be held, but that the elections shall be held
within thirty-four days preceding the first Wednes-
day of December. The first and second sections of
the law, March 1, 1792, provide:
That, cxccpt in ease uf an election of a President and
Vice President of the United States prior to the ordmarj pe-
riod, as hereinafter specified, electors shall be appointed m
each State lorthe election ot a President and Vice 1'iesjdent
of the United States, within tlurtj-four days preceding the
first W. dnesdav of December, one thousand seven hundred
and ninety-two", and within thirty-four days preceding the
first Wednesday of Deceiubei 111 e\ er\ fourth ; ear succeed-
ing the last election
Sec. 2. The electors shall meet and give their\otes on
the first Wednesday of (Jecember, at such place, m each
State, as shall be directed by the legislature thereof.
This left the matter perfectly elcar. The consti-
tution, in one case, commanded Congress to deter-
mine the day on which the votes of the States should
be given, or, as practically understood, when the
electoral colleges should meet. In that case, Con-
gress had exercised the power which it was
commanded to do. In the other case, Congress was
as fully authorized to determine the time of elec-
tion, whenever it should deem it proper or necessary
so to do. These sections of the law of 1792 es-
tablished clearly the right, as it was then understood.
arid how contended foh The only thing th'eii omit*
ted was to determine the time, although it deter-
mined it.should he within thirty-four days preceding
thte firfet Wednesday of December. It was not be-
lieved that a single member of the House would
controvert, or attempt to controvert, the constitu-
tional power of Congress to fix the time.
The passage of the bill before the House would
riot at All conflict' with the decision of the House on
the election of members of Congress by general
ticket. There was no doubt, in Mr., H.'s opinion,
that the decision of the' House was clearly right on
that question; and the Very reasons which' establish-
ed 'and fettled that question show that they did not
conflict with the passage of the bill before the House,
fixing the day of election of presidential electors.
Art. 1, sec. 4, of the constitution was;
The times, places, and mann'r '<*£ holding elections for
senators and representatives shall be prescribed in each
State by;tlie legislature thereof; but Congress may at any
tiine, by law, make or alter such regulations, except as to
the place of choosing senators.
The position assumed by the House was that the
law of the last Congress did not alter the time, place,
or manner, but that it passed a law commanding the
State to change the manner. The States were not
obliged to regard said law at all, because Congress,
though it might alter "time, place, and manner,"
had no authority to compel the States to do what
Congress could do itself. The whole course of
debate upon that question directly or indirectly ad-
mitted that if Congress had altered _ "time, place, or
manner," it would have been obligatory upon the
States. It was because Congress did not exercise its
power, that made that law a nulity. The principles
involved in the decision of that question were not
only in harmony with the bill before the House, but
they sustained and supported • the constitutional
power and right to fix the day of the presidential
election.
The proposed law did not affect or design to inter-
fere in the time of the State elections, or in any man-
ner m.'ddle with them. Nor could it change the
time of election in any case more than thirty-four
days, as all were held within that time of each other.
The elections for State officers were controlled by a
great variety of circumstances. The position of a
State, its domestic relations, and the habits and in-
dustrial pursuits of citizens, would properly require
the election of State officers at one time in one State,
and for the similar causes iri another State at a
different time. States as remote as Maine from
Louisiana have different interests. Hence it was
known that elections were held at different periods
of the year in the States throughout the Union. No
change was designed at all to affect these elections.
That was what Congress had no right at all, or color
of right, to do. The proposed measure was intend-
ed only to fix one dai/ within the thirty-four now
prescribed by law. The difference in time was so
slight that no reasonable objection could be urged,
for that reason. It would not, Mr. H. believed,
from all he could learn, (and he had made a careful
examination and inquiry,) cause any Sfete to hold
an additional election. The State and presidential
elections were held on the same day in two States
only; and the time fixed in the bill would applyto
each of those States. In all the other States, the
presidential election was holden on a separate day,
and the proposed law would not cause additional elec-
tions. It was possible it might in one State, but it
was thought not in even one State.
The law was of paramount importance to the
welfare of the republic, and should be passed.
Maine, and several other States, had given an une-
quivocal expression in its favor, and demanded such
a law as absolutely necessary. The newspaper press
had spoken in tones not to be mistaken, and had, in
the name of the sovereign people, demanded such a
law; it had spoken without regard to the trammels or
considerations of party upon this question. In fact,
public sentiment could not be mistaken; for it came
up in favor of the measuie from all sections, and
the democratic party had urg;ed it in nearly all the
length and breadth of the land. It came in fact
from all parties and presses, like a deep-toned an-
them of the free, in a manner not to be questioned,
or mistaken, or denied.
The only objection urged, or which he (Mr. H.)
had heard urged, against the passage of the bill, was
that it would require the aid of State legislation be-
fore it could be carried into effect. To obviate that
objection, the honorable chairman of the Committee
of Elections [Mr. Elmer] had proposed an amend-
ment, that the law should not have force and take
