420
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the enacting clause, aim! insert a substitute to dis-
band that regiment; on which thfe W0V81- of that
amendment had the floor.
Mr. ADAMS recmm«esi the history of the reduc-
tion of the army, atti declared his conVfctitSri that
that reduction was judicious. It had Gj^rtitga no
injury; for the army was still fcvlftSeiently large for
all the purposes for Which It was required, notwith-
standing the repeated recommendations which had
been made by officers of this administration for an
increase of both army and navy. The present army
was competent to the protection of the frontier, and
the navy to the protection of the commerce of the
country. He had heard no complaints of their in^
sufficiency. He saw, to be sure, ih thfe i'fejjSrt
of the Committee on Miliary A&tiris, what he
had often seen before—a l-eeOMiti&ndfttion for an
increase, but for what purpose? There was no Rea-
son assigned sufficient to satisfy hirtt of the neces-
sity for any such increase. A report j*oce'edit%
from the Navy Department ^c<Mrti'eh*M a larger
appropriation, than had been g?&ntedat any former
time. But look a.t the ftature of the service per-
formed by the present naval establishment—a squad-
ron engaged \i\ taking possession of a friendly coun-
try- "■ Y'ls suggested 'hat the navy of this country
<ouglU to be equal to one half of that of Great Britain;
but for what purpose? To constitute ourselves com-
petitors with her for the dominion of the Ocean?
They were told that they ought to be in a position
to go to war with Great Britain, in case she should
tolce possession of the Sandwich Islands. The
French, be perceived, had taken possesion of the
Socicty Ielands. Why not fri&ke war upon the
.trcnch? Was it to be the policy of this Country
to do that which we charge Great BritAih With doing?
to stir up every possible feijlittg ttitedisity, of
rancor, and of revenge? If where was the ne-
cessity of increase? had heard here and else-
where sentiments wpen this subject, to which he felt
bound to express his entire dissent. It was the duty
o/ the statesmen of every civilized nation, as long as
peace cou.d be preserved with other nations, to pre-
serve Vt, and even to make sacrifices for its preser-
vation.
He deprecated the fttt^ieirt atolls that he said
bad been made to live passions ana prejudices of the
people of trie United States^ to inflame their rancor
against England, and said that it was the l?egt p'oli-
cy of the rulers of this country to ch'eri'sh ittttica-
lile relations with the govefritrttent of th-At tibtlUlty as
well as with all others, lit fcgm'd to the bill before
the House, he coMeittted, in the first place, that it
went to repeal an executed act; and, in the second
place, lie hoped the House would not agree to it;
and that they would at least keep the regiment of ri-
flemen as it now exists, if they refused to adopt his
amendment. He thought it would be much better
tor the country, however, to disband it on the 4th of
July next.
After a few more remarks from Mr. A.,
The CHAIR announced tliCit his hour had ex-
pired.
Mr. HARALSON observed that thin bill fiamc
fromtho feetiate, and the Miiit«i-y C'ommittee were
not therefore responsible fcl1 drafting it. The com-
niitteehnd, howeveP, upon examination, come to
the conclusion that it was framed ill the shape the
best calculated to accomplish the object in view.
IhegenUpman from Massachusetts objected that the
lull proposed to repeal an act that was alfeady feXe-
■cutef.. Now, to examine this objection, how did it
nd? The second regiment Of dragoons Was not
t.isbanded by the act of 1642, but was converted in-
to a regiment of riflemen, by taking away their
horses and accoutrements; and this bill proposed to
remount them, by restoring their horses and accou-
trements. No additional men would be required.
i he number in the army would be precisely what
it is now; but the regiment would be more efficient
and capable of acting against Indians, which, in the
predatory and sudden mode of warfare practised by
those people, it was known that infantry could not
doI with effect. Nothing but horse was able to over-
take and chastise them after one of their sudden and
ii oked f°r attacks. It was not in the power of
the Secretary of War to remount this regiment,
without the sanction of Congress. It would be
looked upon as a usurpation of authority, if he did
so, no matter how imperious the necessity for it.
n?i, ,ntr°duction of the present bill. He as-
sured the gentleman that he would go as far with
Jiim as any member on that floor, in economizing
ilic expenditures of ftewmy, and lopping off unne-
cessary ones; but this expense he deemed absolutely
necessary for the defence of the country.
He continued to remark that an increase of the
Savy was .not contemplated; and then returned to
lfe bill bfetet§ fife cdtrimitte^ (o fetrto'hnt the second
regiment of dragoons;1 and said he trusted life' bad
sbown that the repealing clause was necessary. He
then proposed to return to that portion of the bill
which created this sort of military force, and gave
its history, and stated the necessity which existed
for it.
He also replied to the remarks of Mr. Adams,
made yesterday, and showed that, if this act should
pass in its present shape, the dismounted dragoons
Would ilavfe no claim for coriipfene&tipn for being
so dismounted. He likewise advocated the passage
of thfe bill on the ground, mainly, of the proximity
6f thfe Indian tribes, and the obligation of the gov-
ernment td protect those on whose borders these
irididn tfibes had been placed, who were now un-
. protected for several hundred triile^, Eind but ineffi-
ciently protected at other points of their exposed
frontier. He met the case, too, as one of expendi-
ture, and hoped the amendment would be voted
down by the unanimous voice of the House.
_ Mr. McDowell moved that the committee
rise; which was agreed to.
The committee rose accordingly, and reported
progress.
Mr. itijl^LlSY desired permission to liitrddiifce a
resolution to direct the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions to inquire into the expediency of extend-
ing the pension laws, in certain cases; but, as objec-
tions were made, the resolution was not received.
On the mdtidrl bf Mr. HAMLIN, the Committee
t*f the Wham Was discharged from thci further,con-
sideration of the bill No. 5, being a bill creating d
new collection district in the State of Maine.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them;
_ By Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF: The petition of
SitlSenSofltltihland and Huron counties, Ohio, pray-
ing; tin appropriation for the repair and improve-
ment of Huron harbor, on Lake Erie; r-Tetved to
the Committee; on Commerce. Also, the petition of
citizens of Delaware coiinty, Ohio, praying for a
mail route front Wortliington, in said county, to
Ashland, in Richland county: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Alsti,
the petition of citizens of Ohio, being stockholders
of the Mansfield and Sandusky City Railroad Com-
pany, for a law authorizing them to import iron for
said road free of duty: referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The petition of 63 citi-
&*na of Berkshire county, Massachusetts, praying
tlntt such a revision of the tariff may be made as
will csmpel the importers of foreign wool to con-
tribute a due proportion to the revenue, and give
protection and encouragement to the numerous class
tjf Citizens engaged in agriculture and wool-growing,
equal to that extended to the woollen manufacturers
and other members of American industry. Also,
the petitions of Samuel Kirkland and 41 others; and
H. Hcnnum and 35 others, citizens of Norwich,
Massachusetts, praying for a reduction of letter
postage, and the abolition of the franking privilege,
fey Mr. HOPKINS: The memorial of John Stick-
ney, postmaster at Shawneetown, Illinois, praying
for an increase of compensation: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HAMLIN: The remonstrance of James
Crosby and 47 others, citizens of Bangor, Maine,
against the petitions of Samuel Smith and others,
and D. W. Bradley and others: referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
By Mr. JEREMIAH BROWN: The memorial
of citizens of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, re-
monstrating against any alteration in the existing
tariff law.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of Sidney Rigdon,
W. H. Rollosson, and 196 other, citizens of the
city of Nauvoo, in the State of Illinois, praying
Congress to make appropriations for the immediate
improvement of the upper Mississippi and Missouri
rivers: referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union.
By Mr. RELFE: The petition of the citizens of
the city of Cape Girardeau, Missouri, asking Con-
gress to make appropriations for the improvement
of the western rivers: referred to the Committee of
the "WIioIb House on the stnte of the Union,
By Mr. J. W- DAVIS: The petition of James L.
Loyd, of Owen county, Indiana, asking an increrse
of pension as a: wounded marine. Also, the petition
of Miles Flinn and' 19 other citizens of Sullivan
county, Indiana, asking a donation of land to con-
tinue the Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio river.
By Mr, RAMSEY: The petition of Theo. Fenn>
and ritiKie«ras other citizens of Dauphin county,,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to maintain the
tariff of 1842, until experience shall have demon-
strated, by ascertained facts, that a change would be
for the better.
By Mr. JAMESON: The petition of sundry citi-
zens of Montgomery county, Missouri, praying for
the improvement of the western harbors and rivers.
Also, the petition of Lorenzo Waugh, praying that
land scrip may issue on military warrant No. 4879>
given to James Waugh, a revolutionary soldier, and
to his heirs or assigns.
By Mr. LUMPKIN: The petition of 53 citizens,
of Walker county, Georgia, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Cieaveland, in the State
of Tennessee, by the way of Red Clay, Dogwood,
Medicinal Springs, and Sunset, to Rome, in the State
of Georgia, ft distance of 73 miles: referred to the
Committee oil the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. McILVALNE: The memorial of Henry
Hooper and 33 others, citizens of Pennsylvania, re-
monstrating against ,any alteration of the present
tariff.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: A petition of Jesse Camp-
bell, Of Mason county, Kentucky, a soldier in the
late war with Great Britain, and one of the captives
confined in the Dartmoor prison, in England, pray-
ing that Congsess may pass a law for his relief, he
now being poor and an invalid, aged and infirm:
referred to the Committee on invalid Pensions.
By Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The memorial of
Elijah 'Willard and 150 other citizens ofUnion coun-
ty, Illinois, paying Congress to make adequate ap-
propriations for the improvement of the navigation
of the western rivers 'And lakes, and the harbor at
St. Louis: referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, to which was re-
ferred a bill on the same subject.
By Mr. FISH; The petition of John Jay and
other citizens of New York, for an international
copyright. The petition of many citizens of New
York in favor of a warehouse system.
By Mr. DAWSON: The petition of the inhabi-
tants of the parish of Carroll, Louisiana, praying,
the government for remuneration for their labor and,
nton'ey in making a Jevee three miies in length on'
the Mississippi river, on the public lands. Said.
Ievee has been the preservation of many individuals,
and has made valuable the adjoining public lands,
&c.: referred to the proper committee.
By Mr. HUGHES: The petition of suudry citi-
zens of Hoft county, Missouri, asking Congress to
establish a mail-route from High Creek post office to
Daniel Huntsucker, on the Neshenabotta river, in
said county.
By Mr. JENKS: The' remonstrance of 61 citi-
zens of Lasaile county, Illinois, against the estab-
lishment of a post-route in said county.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 22, 1844.
On motion by Mr. SEMPLE, a document, which
was reported to the Senate a few days ago, relative
to the fees and emoluments received by the consuls,
vice-consuls, and commeicial agents of the United
States abroad, was taken from the table and referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordcied to be
printed.
Mr. STUR.GEON presented four several petitions
from citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that no al-
teration may be made in the tariff of* 184'>, which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. STURGEON presented the preamble and
resolution adopted by the legislature of Pennsylva-
nia, instructing the senators and requesting the repie-
sentatives from that State to oppose any change in
the present tariff, which might prove injurious to the
manufacturing and agricultural interests of that
Commonwealth; and sternly to resist any leductiotl
in the present duties on iron, eoal, and wool, and lo
omit no effort to sustain all the great interests of the
nation calculated to foster and promote American
industry.
Mr. STURGEON remarked that the unanimity
with which the resolution passed that legislature,
composed of members differing widely on most
other subjects, showed clearly the united feeling of
