436
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Tariff-—Mr. Leonard.
and the cost of material, but adds the duty to the
cost, and interest and - profits upon such additional
capital as it requires to pay these extra costs. He
(the manufacturer) is not the loser. No, by no
means. The consumer, perhaps the wool grower,
who buys a coat from this manufacturer, or what
$ie may need for ^ his family, pays all this back to
him, together with the addititional duty always
made in his favor. This is the system, and this
the effect of our revenue laws, especially of the pres-
ent act.
Another, and the most important, argument urged
in favor of this law, is the protection of American
labor. This certainly is a plausible argument; and
af true, would be entitled to respect. My own feel-
ing are as strongly in fayor of this protection as are
those of any other; and no one will be found wil-
ling to go farther in support of this protection than
myself, I may differ, and doubtless do, with
many as to the means best suited to effect this de-
sired object. The argument of the protective or
high taritf advocate is, that heavy duties must be
imposed upon articles of importation to prevent
the cheap labor of Europe and other countries from
being brought into competition with the labor of
this country. This is intended to shut out the for-
eign article, or to increase its value, and thus sustain
the price of the domestic manufacture. If the argu-
ment bs good, then to extend it would certainly
more effectually accomplish the object claimed for it.
I will suppose that Congres (to carry this principle
to its utmost limit) pass a non-importation law,
and thereby exclude all importations, the growth and
productions of foreign countries. If the first pro-
tected domestic labor, in part, the second or last must
give to it all the protection desired. But what would
be the effect? The revenues of the governrnment
would be entirely cut off, and direct taxation the only
resort to provide the "ways and means" for the
- treasury. Direct taxation is the ultimate result of
this policy when carried to its fullest extent—a
policy but few are willing or bold enough openly
to avow, and loudly condemned and repudiated by
every friend of the high protective school. I wiirno-
iice one other view of tnis protection to American
labor, and pass to some other points I design to
consider.
The European operative depends mostly upon
manufacturing establishments for his employment.
"When they (the manufacturers) can find a market
for their productions, the operatives find employ-
ment, and are content with their small wages, ac-
customed to sustain themselves upon the most
scanty allowances. But when these manufacturing
establishments are precluded a market for their
goods, the operatives are thrown out of employ-
ment, and left to starve, or become the subjects of
charity. The result is, and history has shown,|that
this state of things has stimulated immigration; and
instead of the product of the cheap labor of other
countries, we have received the laborers themselves;
and to this latter, more- than the former, are we to
attribute the cheapness of labor. I need not stop to
illustrate or cite facts to establish the truth of this.
It will not be contradicted, it is presumed, by any one
acquainted with the past history of our country mid
the world. This system and the policy of high
protection, have beggared and reduced to the lowest
stages of dependency at least one-sixth of all the la-
boring classes of Great Britain; and if like causes
produce like results, may we not anticipate similar
consequences to the laboring classes of this country?
If experience is of any worth, let the people of this
country beware how they give countenance to any
and every monopoly, and special privilege, as it is
the aim and ambition of wealth, as well tis its sure
result, to grasp and obtain power and dominion.
That high protective tariff laws do grant, and are
intended to grant, these monopolies, and that the
act of 1842, called "an act to raise revenue," is of
this kind, and, in its operations, is drawing money
from the consuming classes to enrich the few parti-
cipating in this monopoly, cannot, in truth or fair-
ness, be denied.
The fact that this act was advocated and passed
as a "revenue" bill, is at least presumptive evidence
that its friends had not, at the time, effrontery to ad-
vocate a bill for protection. Mr. Fillmore, who has
the ae Ut of giving paternity to this bill, said that it
was "framed with a view to raise revenue to sup-
ply the demands of the treasury." Mr. Evans, the
senator from Maine, said, "the purpose of the bill
is, as its title indicates, to raise revenue for the sup-
port of the government. It is the main object of the
I ill we are"now invited to consider.** .
April, 1844.
H. of Reps.
Nothing more is necessary to show upon what
grounds this bill was passed, although disguised
under the garb of a revenue bill, and using this
more .persuasive title to cover its deformities,'and
the more artfully to Weave !nto it the strong features
of protection, which found place in almost every
line, except as to such articles as are most needed
by manufactures, showing that to them were intend-
ed to be given important advantages over the other
interests of the country. 4 .
I have already adverted to the remark of Mr.
Clay, the reputed father of this American system,
where he says the act of 1828 was highly discredit-
able to American legislation; and that the act of
1842 is, in the main, a good act. Now I inquire,
and wait to know, why the former was disgraceful,
and the latter creditable? The necessities of the
times do not alter or affect the principle. If the act
of 1828 was discreditable because it was protective,
and highlxj protective, the act of 1842 is equally dis-
creditable, being more protective, and going more
beyond a revenue bill. Sir, did ever inconsistency
more strikingly exhibit itself? I should not deem it
so worthy of notice if it came from a less distin-
guished source, or was it upon a less important sub-
ject. -But the source is from the candidate of the
whig party for the presidency, and the subject one
of the most important that can interest this people.
It is no less a subject than the mode and manner of
taxation. It is to provide the "ways and means"
for the government.
Sir, this question caused the war of the revolution,
which spoke a nation into being; and although that
resulted in the achievement of a nation's freedom,
and a nation's independence, this may yet be the
rock upon which the ship of state may founder.
The time is not forgotten when this convulsed our
confederacy, and threatened its dissolution. The
same feeling and the same opposition still remain
against this system of partial legislation; and it well
behooves the people of this country to select for
their executive one who is sound upon this import-
ant question, regaiding the inleirst of all as piefera-
ble to the particular benefit of the few. That this
act of 1842 is more protective th. n the act of 1828,1
will show by the following table:
Several articles which pay a higher duty by the taiiff of
1842 than that of 1828.
Articles
P 00t«, ejlk
Coal—
pr.tonl
at 25 net I
Cordage, tarred
*Cottons
j30 cts. per pair
'6 cents per bushel.
1 -18?
2,30 $
:4 cents per lb.
80 per cent. -
Cotton-bagging, -
Cotton laces
Glass, some kinds
Glass bottles
Molasses
Saddlery
Shoes, some -
Silks, some -
Steel, per cwt. _ •
Twine -
"Ware, otockery -
Ware, japanned -
Woollens, some
j ) 3£ cents per
| ^ square yard.
j]'2£ per cent.
1400 per cent.
| $2 to $3 per doz.
[5 cents per gal.
i25 per cent.
•25 cents per pair
liOper cent.
j$l 60
15 cents per lb.
[20 percent.
125 per cent.
joO per cent
Woollens, camlets [ISpercent.
40 cents per pair.
<1 50.
4^ cts.. per lb
100 percent.
4cts. pci sq. yard.,
and 5 if emmy
cloth.
20 per cent.
500 or more.
$2 50 to $4.
on weight.
30 percent.
30 per cfnt.
30 to 60 per cent.
*2 oO.
6 per lb.
30 percent.
30 per cent.
40 to 67 per cent.
•20 per cent.
+On one kind of cottons, such as printed handkerchiefs,
the duty is more.Hian a hundred per cent higher than in
1828; and many of the specific duties in this table -would be
much more abovo those jn 1S38 if reduced to a scale ad i-a*
loreoi.
Again, the system of indirect taxation increases
the amount of taxation much beyond the wants of
the government. By the returns from the Treasu-
ry Department, it is ascertained that but $45,000,-
000 of duty-paying goods were imported into the
United States during the last fiscal year. The reve-
nue collected from these amounted to $16,000,000,
making the average of duties nearly 40 per cent.
The annual domestic manufactures consumed in the
United States per annum is little less than, or, per-
haps, now quite §200,000,000. Now, allowing but
one half of these to be increased by the same ratio,
as is shown to be the case of the foreign—say $100,-
000,000 by 40 per cent.—and it will give $40,000,-
000. Thus, to collect §16,000,000 of revenue, we
must pay $40,000,000 to the manufacturers to pro-
tect this branch of industry, all of which comes out
of the pockets of the consuming classes.
The principal amount of this tax falls upon iron
and iron manufactures, woollen, cottons, silks, lin-
ens, spirits, sugar, and molasses. These constitute
the principal necessaries of life, as essential for the
poor as the wealthy, and consumed in much larger
quantities by the former than the latter, in propor-
tion as their numbers exceed the-latter or more fa-
vored classes. This being so, it requires no argu-
ment to show that the expenses of government ny
this system are borne by the industrial portions of
the people. That they have the same wants, none
will deny; and that they are entitled to the ne-
cessaries, and even a fair proportion of the luxuries
of life, is equally true.. But, to make the burden
more unequal, minimum valuations are fixed to the
cheaper qualities of goods, and not only 40 per cent,
is imposed on these cheaper fabrics, but 60, 70, and
even as high as 160 per cent, is actually charged
upon this quality of good's. Who are they, Mr.
Chairman, that wear the unbleached cotton goods,
the fustian, and the cheap manufactures of woollens?
Not the wealthy. No, sir; they canafford to wear a
finer fabric; but it is the producer, the mechanic,
the laboring man, and the hardy yeomanry of
of the country. Yes, sir, these are the men who, at
home, employed in some of the useful pursuits, and
content with the small profits of 2 or 3 percent,
upon their capital invested, without besieging^ the
halls of legislation, asking for protection and special
privileges, that they may live in idleness, and hoard
up wealth at the expense of their neighbors* toil and
sweat. It is to these me±, uncared for as they seem
to be by many, that this country is destined to look
for its future greatness and future glory. To
these men, standing up with plebeian sim-
plicity and plebeian firmness against the arm
of monopoly, as it shall stretch itself forth to
grasp at universal empire. To make this more
plain, I will change the mode of taxation: Congress
shall impose excise duties, instead of imposts, as
now directed by law. The merchant shall be re-
quired to account to the government for every yard
of cloth he sells at the bame rates of duty as are now
charged upon the importer. The individual, unerd
this law, for the first time calls to make his pur-
chase of goods; he examines the articles, and ascer-
tains the price. But, in addition, he is told he must
pay from 30 to 160 per cent, to defray the expenses
of government, and as the article decreases in value,
the rates of duty are increased; and, as his means
to purchase the better fabric is lessened, the tax im-
posed is increased. For instance: the act of 1842
provides that cotton goods, or of which cotton is the
chief, or component part, costing 20 cents per yard,
shall pay a duty of 30 per cent, ad valorem; and if
costing less than 20 cents, shall be valued at 20
cents. Thus, if costing 10 cents, the duty shall be
60 per cent., and, if costing 5 cents, the duty shall
be 120 per cent; and hence, as the poor are com-
pelled to wear the cheaper article, they are made to
bear this unequal and unjust burden, imposed solely
for the interest of the manufacturer.
I will now show the effect of this law upon my
own constituency. I represent 80,000 inhabitants,
owning $40,000,000 of assessable property. This
property is owned by a moiety of this constituency;
the balance are not deemed to be able to pay any
of the expenses of the municipal government. But
how is it with them, under this law, to provide rev-
enue for the general government? Suppose them
divided into families of five persons each, or 16,000
families; 8,000 of which, by the laws of the State of
New York, are exempt from taxation, not possessing
the requisite amount of taxable property; but they
must all be fed and clothed. To do this, at the
lowest estimate, will require an expenditure of $100
for each individual; 25 per cent, of which is necessa-
rily for protected goods, making $125 for each fam-
ily for this kind of goods, which, increased by 40
per cent., the average upon all duty-paying goods,
and it will augment this amount to $27 32, being for
duties upon the protected articles, which is equal to
$5 56 for every man, woman, and child. Twenty-
two millions of dollars is admitted to be sufficient to
meet all the demands upon this government, and
with a population of 17,000,000 of inhabitants,
$1 56 should be suffieient for each individual for his
share of the taxes for such expenses.
Thus it will be seen that in addition to the
needed expense, is drawn from the pockets of each
individual, and mostly to increase the profits of the
manufacturing classes.
But it is contended by the friends of this policy,
that high duties make low prices; in other words,
to tax articles makes them cheaper. If this be true,
and if this argument is presented in sincerity, I trust
