CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
Mr. MERRICK supposed there were several pa-
pers in the country containing two or three sheets;
but It covered almost every paper he knew of even
with two sheets. Those containing over that were
to be measured differently.
The CHAIR then stated that the first amend-
ment was kf add to the first section the following:
"And all 'drop letters, and letters placed in any
post office, not for transportation, but for delivery
only, shall be charged with postage at the rate of
two cents each. And all letters which shall here-
after be advertised as remaining over in any post
office, shall, when delivered out, be charged with
the costs of advertising" the same, in addition to the
regular postage."
Tins amendment was adopted. / .
The next amendment was also adopted; being, in
the 2d section, to change the maximum of the size
of the newspapers, subject to simple newspaper
postage, from 1,325 square inches to 1,600 square
inches, as proposed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The next amendment was in the same section—to
strike out the word "county" and substitute "thirty
miles of the city, town, or other place."
Mr. MERRICK said that the object of this
amendment was plain—that local papers might cir-
culate in the country within a circle of thirty miles
around the point at which they were published. It
confined them to this circle, free of postage, and en-
abled small papers, having a limited number of sub-
scribers, to exist where, without it, the expenses in-
curred by the, present mail arrangements, rendered
it almost impossible for them to be carried on at all.
Mr. CRITTENDEN did not, see the justice or
propriety of exempting those living within thirty
miles of the office of publication from postage. He
was opposed to making such exceptions.
Mr. MERRICK stated what the committee had
in view in offering that amendment. There were a
great many country papers in the United States
which could not maintain competition with the
larger, if they were charged the same rate of post-
age which the large papers had to pay. The in-
terests of the people required that there should be
small papers published in their vicinity, or at the
seat of justice, for purposes of looal information. In
order to encourage this kind of establishments, the
committee adopted this amendment, which exempts
them from postage altogether. It would be evident
to every one that these local papers were very de-
sirable as a means of ciiculating information, and
that the cost of delivery and reception materially in-
terfered with their circulation. To obviate this,
was the object of the commiitee.
The amendment was adopted.
The CHAIR stated that the next amendment was
in the same section, to add, "at the end of each
quarter," as designating the time of making the
quarterly returns to the Postmaster General of news-
papers sent through the maih by publishers and
editors.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was at the beginning of the
third section, to insert, after the first word "that,"
the following—"all printed or lithographed circu-
lars and handbills, or advertisements printed or
lithographed on quarto post or single cap paper, or
paper not larger than single cap folded, directed and
unsealed, shall be charged with postage at the rate
of two cents for each sheet, and no more, whatever
may be the distance the same may be sent."
This amendment was adopted.
The next was in the same section, changing the
fractional excesses from | to k oz.; which was also
adopted.
The next amendment was m the sixth section, to
insert after the specification of the allowance of
postages incurred officially be deputy postmasters,
upon verification of the same to the department, to
add, "and the transmission of the charged letters as
vouchers."
This amendment was also adopted.
The next was to insert, in the eighth section, re-
specting the payment, out of the contingent fund, of
postages to members of Congress, on letters or
packages, the excess over two ounces, charged on
such matters received on congressional business, the
words "during any session of Congress."
This amendment was also adopted.
The next amendment was to add to the end oi
the 9th section the following:
"And it shall be the duty of every deputy post-
master, under the direction of the Postmaster (gen-
eral, before delivering any letter, or other matter, or
thing, enclosed in any such envelope, or to which
any such free stamp may be attached, so to muti-
late or deface the same as effectually to prevent its
second use."
This amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was to add at the end of the
15th section the following words:
"And no postmaster shall receive, to be conveyed
by the mail, any packet which shall weigh more
than 3 lbs."
This amendment was adopted.
The next was in the 17th section, to include nen<s-
papers in the privilege of transporting otherwise than
by mail, packages of pamphlets, magazines, and pe-
riodicals, for sale, and not distributien.
This amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was to add the 18th section
[which see in forgoing compendium.]
This was also adopted.
The next was to add the 19th section, [which see
in the foregoing compendium.]
This was also adopted.
The several amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads having
been gone through,
Mr. MERRICK pointed out some verbal and
technical amendments in addition; which, on his
motion, were adopted.
Mr. TAPPAN inquired if the honorable chair-
man had got through the amendments offered by the
committee, as he wished to make a motion?
Mr. MERRICK said he had. The Senate had
kindly concurred both in these amendments and
those which he had submitted himself; and he was
waiting to see if any other member had any amend-
ment to offer.
Mr. SIMMONS said something, which was not
distinctly heard, in relation to an amendment which
he wished to offer.
Mr. BUCHANAN said this was certainly a very
important bill, and it did not seem as yet to have
claimed that attention which was well due to it.
He intended himself to examine and consider the
provisions of this bill, with a great deal of care, and
also to examine the amendments which had been
made; and whilst he did not wish to postpone ac-
tion upon it at all, he presumed the Senate had gone
as far to-day as it ought to go. He did not know
whether the amendments adopted were of sufficient
importance to justify the printing of the bill again.
Mr. MERRICK interrupted the senator from
Pennsylvania, to state that the bill, with the excep-
tion of the amendments which he had submitted
himself, was printed as amended by the com-
mitttee.
Mr. BUCHANAN proposed, then, that the Sen-
ate should fix upon any day that the senator from
Maryland [Mr. Merrick] might think proper; and
that they should come here prepared to act upon the
bill at that time. [It was here suggested that it pass
over informally.] It would be better to fix upon a
day, and it was of sufficient importance to be taken
up as the main subject for consideration on that
day.
Mr. MERRICK observed that the only difficulty
which he had in agreeing with the honorable senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] was in having
it called up in time. He himself had a great de-
sire to examine it with carc, and was gratified that
the senator from Pennsylvania had signified his in-
tention of bestowing some care upon it. A bill which
would meet the approbation of the public mind was
what the committee had in view; and he believed
the proposed reduction in the postage, and the aug-
mentation of the revenue which would follow, would
have the desired effect. His difficulty in agreeing
to the proposition of the honorable senatorwas, that
the bill had already been lying here some three or
four weeks, awaiting the action of the Senate; and it
was very uncertain at what time it might be sailed
up. The public were becoming anxious for the ac-
tion of this body upon it; and while he was not dis-
posed to have hasty action of the Senate, he was
anxious that it should be acted upon as soon as pos-
sible, with deliberation. He therefore thought it
would be better if his honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania could agree with him to let it remain as it
was now; and it would come up next week in its
order, and could then be acted upon.
Mr. BUCHANAN had no wish, certainly, to de-
lay this bill a moment. He concurred entirely in
the general objects which the senator from Mary-
land had in view. He thought the rates of postage
ought to be reduced to the lowest point, con-
sistently with accruing a sufficient revenue
to the Post Office Department. He thought
the franking privilege ought to be regula-
ted. It required regulation more than , anything
else in the post office laws; and whilst he concurred
entirely in the general objects of the bill, he desired
to have an opportunity of ascertaining for himself
whether these objects were likely to be accomplish- •
ed by its provisions. His friend from Missouri
[Mr. Benton,] desired to express his sentiments on
the subject of the tariff, on Monday next, and he had
no other objection to pursuing the course indicated.
His .own opinion was, however, that if the senator
fromMaryland would give notice that he woiild
call up the bill on Tuesday, Wednesday,,Thursday,
or any other day next week, senators would-be
more likely to turn their attention to the subject
than if it were passed over informally, when nobody
could'tell when it would come up.
Mr. MERRICK said that if it would suit hia
honorable friend, he should consent that the bill
should be postponed until Wednesday next. He
was quite willing to take that course, as he did not
wish to interfere with anything of a more important
nature.
Mr. SIMMONS then moved the following amend-
ments: To strike out in the first section, 12th and
13lh lines, "100 miles," and to insert in place of it
"250 miles."
Mr. BUCHANAN suggested to the honorable
senator from Rhode Island-, as that was a very im-
portant amendment, whether it would not be better
to let it also lie over till Wednesday.
Mr. SIMMONS merely wished to offer the
amendment now. He would not press the vote up-
on it to-day. The chief burden of the bill depended
on that provision. He would merely state the
reasons which induced him to make the proposition.
One of the objects of this bill, as he understood the
matter, was to put a stop to the transmission of let-
ters by private expresses and private hands, that
were now carried in that way. Any one at all, if
these letters were counted, would perceive that the
object would not be attained by the proposed rate of
postage, which was five cents. - His opinion was,
that not one-fourth of the letters from Albany to
New York, Boston, and other large eastern cities,
go by mail; and not one-fourth would go by mail,
unless they were carried at a reasonable price. His
view was that the revenue of the department would
be doubled by the reduction which he had proposed
upon these routes.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had a single remark
to make in reply to one of the suggestions of the
senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Simmons.] That
senator had stated, that if the rate of postage were
not reduced, according to his proposed amendment,
(and on the propriety of the amendment in itself,
he should now express no opinion,) private ex-
presses would continue to carry the greater part of
letters between the principal cities. Mr. B. said he
could not recognise the existence of such expresses
as ail argument in favor of the amendment. They
were plainly and palpably in violation of the con-
stitution of the United States. That instrument
granted to Congress the power, and, as a necessary
consequence of this grant of power, imposed upon
them the duty, "to establish post offices and post,
roads." This was a sovereign power; and if indi-
viduals could establish private express or opposition
lines to rival the public moils, we might as well at once,
surrender the important powers of government. This
grant of power was exclusive in its nature, and
neither States nor individuals could impair or arrest
its exercise. Constitutionally speaking, as might
individuals establish a mint, and undertake to coin
money, as to establish these private expresses. In
point of principle, both were equally destitute of
foundation. These private expresses must be put
down; and if the present laws were not sufficiently
severe for the purpose, new laws must be enacted.
It concerned both the interest and the honor of the
country, that Congress should not suffer the ex-
ercise of its unquestionable constitutional powers to
be impaired or defeated by the lawless action of in-
dividuals. And well was it for the country that
we did possess the power. What would become of
the mail facilities which the people now enjoyed in
the thinly settled portions of our country, if all the
leading routes were rendered profitless to the gov-
ernment by these private expresses?
Mr. MERRICK said that the amendment offered
by the senator on his left [Mr. Simmons] had been
correctly characterized by the senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Bochanan] as a very important
amendment. His honorable friend from Rhod^
