426
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill for the relief of G. W. Clarke, Harris
Cook, and John Brainer 2d.
A joint resolution for the relief of Saltmarsh and
Fuller.
Mr. HOPKINS gave notice that he should, when
this resolution was reported to the House, move
that it be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The bill for the relief of Woodson Wren.
The bill for the relief of James Pepper and others.
Mr. VANCE here moved that the committee rise
and report the bills to the House; and, after some
remarks in opposition to the motion by Mr. JACOB
THOMPSON, it was rejected.
The committee then proceeded, and the following
bills were also laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of James Miller.
The bill for the relief of James Journey.
The bill for the relief of Gen. William Eaton.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Fitch.
The bill for the relief of Antoine Vasquez and
others.
The bill for the relief of Bethea Healy.
The bill for the relief Betsy Clapp.
The bill for the relief of Abigail Gibson.
The bill for the relief Violet Cochrane, widow of
John Calhoun.
The bill for the relief of Emanuel Shrofe.
The joint resolution authorizing the Postmaster
Genera) to settle with certain mail contractors.
The bill granting a pension to Susannah Scott,
widow of William Scott.
The bill for the relief of Sally McCraw.
A bill for the relief of Elijah Blodget.
A bill for the relief of Sarah Blackemore, widow
of George Blackemore.
A bill for the relief of James Crawford.
A bill granting a pension to Bartholomew Ma-
guire.
A bill for the relief of Lathrop Foster.
A bill for the relief of True Putney and William
Riddle.
A bill for the relief of P. Ord.
A bill for the relief of John Frazer and G. A.
Franklin.
A bill for the relief of George Davenport.
The committee rose and reported the bills above
enumerated without amendment; and
The House then adjourned.
The following notices of petitions presented to-
day were handed to the reporters by the members
presenting them:
By Mr. PERLEY B. JOHNSON: The petition
of Samuel Skinner and fifty-two others, citizens of
Ohio, praying for the establishment of a mail-route
from Uniontown, Muskingum county, through Re-
hoboth, New Lexington, and Straitsville, to Logan,
in Hocking county: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. DIJ.NLAP: A remonstrance of citizens
of the State of Maine against the importation of
timber into the ports of the United States free of
duty. Also, a petition of Daniel Davis, of Cape,
Elizabeth, in the State of Maine, praying a pension,
in consideration of his services us a soldier in the
revolutionary war: referred to the. Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions. AN-o, a petition of Polly
Clough, of the State of Maine, widow of Jonathan
Hilliard, praying; to be allowed the half-pay due her
husband for bis services as a seaman in the service
of the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. HUBBELL: The memorial of a number
of citizens of Amity, Alfred, and Almond, of the
30lh congressional district of New York, praying
that a m ii!-route may be established, agmable to
the prayer of the petition: refencd to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. OWEN: The petition of John Barton
and one hundred and seventy-two others, of 'lie (Sth
.congressional district of Indiana, and of C, H.
Mastus and twenty-one others, of said State, pray-
ing a grant of land for the extension of the Wabash
and Erie Canal fiom Terre Haute to Evanswlle, on
the Ohio.
By Mr. BRODHEAD: Two memorials, numer-
ously signed by citizens of Easton, Pennsylvania,
protesting against any change of the tariff act of
1842.
By Mr, JOHN T. SMITH: A memorial of citi-
zens of the State of Pennsylvania, praying that no
change may be made in the tariff act of 1842: refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
By Mr. ASHE: The petition of Clayton C. Har-
ris and eighty-eight others, citizens of xipton coun-
ty, Tennessee, praying Congress to grant the prayer
of* Wm. Brown for a back pension.
By Mr. RELFE: The petition of David Myerle,
with accompanying papers: referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
# On motion of Mr. ROBERT SMITH, the peti-
tion of Robert Seybold was taken from the files of
the House, and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
By Mr. AARON V. BROWN: The petition of
Isabella Baldridge, widow of Capt. John Baldridge;
also of Mary Anne Modghn, wife of Truman Modg-
lin; also of Mrs. Stephenson, widow of Moses
Stephenson,—all praying a pension for the revolu-
tionary services of their late husbands. Also, the
petition of Samuel Strickland, for a pension for like
services: all of which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By Mr. BURKE: The petition of Jonas Dalton,
praying to be placed on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 23, 1844
Mr. CHAPMAN rose, and remarked that, having
been accidentally absent yesterday when the vote
was taken on the resolutions reported from the Se-
lect Committee on the Resolutions of the State Le-
gislatures of Virginia and Alabama, in relation to a
proposed change of the constitution, whereby the
basis of representation in certain States would he
altered, he desired now to have his vote recorded on
that most important question.
Mr. WELLER remarked that it was never done.
Mr. CHAPMAN said the record of his vote
would not change the result, and he should be hap-
py to record his vote in the affirmative.
Mr. WELLER repeated that such a thing was
never done; if it could be, he should like to have his
vote recorded, for he, too, was accidentally absent;
but if he could not have his vote recorded, he must
object to any other gentleman being udw permitted
to add his vote.
Mr. REID of North Carolina moved a suspension
of the rules, so that the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Chapman] might record his vote.
Mr. WELLER asked the gentleman from North
Carolina to make the suspension general.
Mr. REID assented.
Mr. C.JOHNSON warned the gentleman from
North Carolina that the course he was proposing to
pursue would lead to endless confusion.
Mr. HALE moved to amend the motion so that
any gentleman might have the right to record his
vote on all and every question that had been acted
upon sincc the first day of the session.
Mr. REID said if his motion was likely to lead
to debate he would withdraw it.
Mr. WELLER called for the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER announced the oider of the day
to be the call for the reports from committees.
INTERFERENCE OF THE PRESIDENT WITH
THE RHODE ISLAND REVOLUTION.
Mr. BURKE, from the Select Committee on the
memorial from members of the Rhode Island legis-
lature, reported the following resolution; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to lay before the House the authentic
and true copies of all requests and applications, upon
which he deemed it his duty to inteifcre with the
naval and militai y foices of the United States on the
occasion of the reccnt attempt of the people of Rhode
Island to establish a free constitution in the place of
the old charter government of that State; and also,
copies of the instructions to, and statements of the
charter commissioners sent to him by the then ex-
isting authorities of the State of Rhode fsland; also,
copies of the correspondence between the executive
of the United States and the charter government of
the State of Rhode Island, and all the papers and
documents connected with the same; also, copies of
the correspondence, if any, between the heads of de-
partments and said charter government, or any per-
son or persons connected with said government, and
of any accompanying papers and documents; also,
copies of all orders issued by the executive of the
United States, or of any department, to military of-
ficers for the movement or employment of troops
to or in Rhode Islands; also, copies of all orders to
naval officers to prepare steam or other vessels of
the United States for service in the waters of Rhode
Island; also, copies of all orders to the officers of
revenue cutters for the same service; also, copies of
any instructions borne by the Secretary of War to
Rhode Island, on his visit in 1842, to review the
troops of the charter government; also, copies of
any order or orders to any officer or officers of the
army or navy, to report themselves to the charter
government; and that he be requested to lay before
the House copies of any other paper or document
in the possession of the executive connected with
the subject, not above specifically enumerated.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee of AVays
and Means, reported back Senate bill No. 93; being
an act to amend an aetentitled "An act to establish
branches of the mint of the United States;" which
was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, made
an adverse report upon the resolution of the House
of the 27th January last, instructing said committee
to inquire into the expediency of reporting an ap-
propriation for the repairs of the light-houses and
buoys at the mouth of Vermillion river, in Louisiana.
Also, an adverse report from the same committee,
upon the subject of the coinage of one dollar gold
pieces.
He also, from the same committee, reported back
the Senate bill No. 55, entitled an act directing the
disposition *of certain unclaimed goods, wares, or
merchandise, seized for being illegally imported into
the United States. It was read a third time and
passed.
He also gave notice that he should hereafter ask
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the coinage of
one dollar gold pieces at the mint of the United
States and its branches.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports upon the petitions of Thomas
Tatem, Nancy Egnew, and J. I. Beyer; which re-
ports were ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. VANCE, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the Senate entitled An act
for the relief of William De Peyster and Henry N.
Cruger, and the bill from the Senate entitled An act
for the. relief of Daniel J, Skinner, of Alabama, re-
ported the said bills severally without amendment;
and they were referred to a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. PRESTON KING, from the Committee on
Commerce, made an adverse report upon the petition
of James H. McClelland &■ Co.; which report was
ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported bills of the following
titles:
A bill to authorize the issuing of patents for cer-
tain lands in the St. Augustine land district, in
Florida; the sales of which were not regulaily re-
ported.
A bill to provide for abolishing the Fort Wayne
land district, and for the sale of the lands embraced
therein at the Indianapolis and Winamac districts,
and to bring into market the lands ceded by the
Miamies in Indiana.
Which bills were severally read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAVIS, from the same committee, made a
report upon the petition of James Anderson, of the
Territory of Iowa, accompanied by a hill for his
benefit: read twice, and referred to the Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, made an adverse report upon the resolu-
tion of the House of the 29th of January last, rela-
tive to granting refuse and unsold Congress lands m
the State of Ohio to said State, for the purpose of
draining, and otherwise improving the said lands;
which report was laid on the table.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to allow registers of land offices rent in
certain cases, accompanied by a report in writing:
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the. Union.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be
discharged from the. consideration of the petition of
Isaac Atkins, of Pulaski county, Kentucky; and
that it do lie on the table.
Mr. COLLAMER,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill to authorize the President
of the United States to issue patents for the town
lots sold in the town of Mineral Point, in^the Term
