May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Rathbun.
H. of Heps.
The Savannah Republican, a prominent Clay pa-
per of Georgia, says:
"W*e deny that ia. Ojlay or the wkigs of Georgia, whose
candidate hp xs, sck for the establishment of a protfctiye
taftiff, hut ...d'ifpk to the principles of the compromise act.
These arc th? views of his southern friends.
Sir, I haw not the keeping of the conscience, or
honor of Mr. C'iay. They are in his own hands^ind
those of his friends. If they are disposed to charge
him with duplicity, hypocrisy, or gross dishonesty,
it is not my business to defend him. I have allowed
him and his southern friends to speak for themselves;
and I must be allowed to say, that I sincerely be-
lieve they have spoken honestly and truly on this
subject. If there is deception, it conies from his
friends in tlie North, who hold to the people differ-
ent language. Sir, 1 am opposed to such duties as
exclude foreign goods, for two reasons: first, because
the people lose the benefit of the competition be-
tween the foreign and domestic goods, which, as u gen-
eral nde, has a tendency to cheapen them to the con-
sumer, and lighten the burden of taxation to support
the government; and secondly, because the amount
of duties collected under such a system archable to
great fluctuations—producing disappointments and
(I1 ;nstcr to the country, and often great injury to the
manufacturers themselves. The remedy for all
these difficulties is, m my humble opinion, to be
found m such a rate of duties as will allow a r-.teady
and regular importation of foreign goods, and, at the
same time, afford to the domestic prodsu'ei and man-
ufacturer a sure and profitable market, and the abil-
ity to compete successfully with the foreign articles.
This will give to the government a sufficient and
regular income for its use; it wih protect all our do-
mestic interests, and allow them to grow in strength
and riches, and, by the ingenuity and skill of the
American—which is proverbial the world over—to
improve the machinery and the art of manufactu-
ring, until they can gradually force out of the mar-
ket the foreign product. It will, at the same time,
by the competition thus kept up, di\ide, in some de-
gree, between the foreign manufacturer, the domes-
tic manufacturer, and the consumer, the tax levied
for the support of our government. In support of
this view, I will read from a speech of Mr. Clay,
delivered in 1820, in the Senate. It will he found in
the National Intelligencer, and also m the Life and
Speeches of Henry Clay, edition of Greeley & Mc-
Elrath, (publishers of the New York Tribune,) vol.
1, pages 146 and 147:
Can any one doubt tlio impolicy of government resting
«ok*ly upon the ptecariov.s resource ol such a levenue> it
eon'-'t.tiiU) rim tuatmsj It t  rr>ptp us, b\ its enormous
amount, at one nm<\ into extravagant expf nditure, and we
arc then driven, by its sudden and unexpected depression,
into the opposite extreme. "We air reduced by its battering
piomisc- into oxpcn-.es which we might avoid, and we are
ai'terwnid1- constrained by its treachery to avoid expenses
which we ought to make " it is a system und^r which theie
is a sort of peipotual v, ar betw ecu the interest of ihc' gov-
ernment and the interest of the people Large importations
tiil the cofrers of government, and cmpU the pockets ol the
people. Small importations irnph piuduioe on the part of
the people, and k\<ve the treasury empty. In wor. the rev-
f nuc duappefu;;; in peace, it is unsteady :>iiMichas\v.
,tem, the goXernmeut will not be ahk- much longer to jelj .
"We all anticipat.- that i.e ^h.Ul have <dioitly to resort to
some addit on ii supplj of revi nue wilhm on. -elves. J w .ts
opposed to the tolal repeal ol the internal iwoime. I would
have pre serve.I certain parts of it, at le.ut, to lc leady for
t morgv.ncie- s noli w now i-mH 4 ' 33} the encour-
agement of home industry, you v ill lot/ <t basts nj intctnal
taxation, when it gets f-tiong, that ^^i! 1 be steady and uni-
form, yielding alike in jicocl and wai. V'o uo not demo
our abii.ties abroad to/.nj tsxe,--: that depends upon our
wealth <md industry. an'1 it the same, nhnUKu ■sunj V <ur
foi .it of levjmg contributions.
Without seeming aware of it, we find him de-
scribing, twenty-four years ago, in regard to reve-
nue, precisely what has occurred constantly for the
last sixteen years, and never more stiikingly than
Within the last year. In 1842-'43—one year—the
duties uiidci the present tariff amounted to $16,000,-
000. In one quarter, commencing on the first of
January laut, they amounted to upwards of $7,000,-
000. 6ur expoits m ono year—l842-,43—were
$104,000,000, and our imports $100,000,000. In the
five months ending th'i first ol March last, the im-
portations were £,4o,326,r>47; and, in the same pe-
riod, our exports wcie only $5:9,044,139. Excess
of importation, in five months, over all our exports,
^,1G,282,408. Continued at the same rate for the
yeai\ the excess of imports over exports will be
§39,077,772. How long can our country live under
this accumulation of debt?
According to the view of Mr. Clay, thn "implies
great imprudence on the part of the people;'1 but, in
truth, it is only an evidence—an unerring evidence
——of the bad effects of prohibitory duties. The
trade under them is fitful and unsteady. Its first ef-
fect is to cut off a part of our accustomed supply.
The consequence is, that goods rise here. For the
same reason—the want of the "usual demand—they
fall in the foreign market. This process of rising
here, and falling there, continues until the foreign
manufacturer or importer finds our market in such a
condition that he can import his goods, subject to a
duty, entirely prohibitory at first, and at the pres-
ent time obtain a fair profit upon them. He seizes
the occcssion, and, forseeing the certain fall m price,
lie flood.-, the market, realizes his money, and re-
tires, and awaits the certain repetition of the
same process to produce a similar result; and
he will again pour out upon us his surplus
wares. This process, which is the fruit of what is
called protection, is the ruin of manufacturers. It
deranges all regular business, gives to the govern-
ment either too' much of too little revenue; and,
above all, is destructive of our commerce by destroy-
ing our exports, both of which mainly depend upon
regular trade with foreign nations. Some gentle-
men, for the purpose of magnifying the importance
of the manufacturing intercuts, have descanted large-
ly upon the numbers of persons employed m that
business. And they ha\e multiplied and magni-
fied them until we are now gravely told that the
number actually employed, including their families
dependent upon them, is four millions of peisons.
Sir, I was satisfied that there must be an error in
this calculation, and I have taken pains to examine
the statistics accompanying the census, from which
whey professed to derive their information, to learn
how they arrived at such a result. I find the fol-
lowing, which I believe to be nearly accurate. The
whole number put down under different heads as
persons engaged in manufactures is 487,714.
Of this number are miners, numbering prob-
ably 10,000; printers 11,423; engaged in saw-
mills and grist-mills 60,783; house-joiners and
builders 85,501; ship-builders 18,003; lime and brick-
makers 25,807—making an aggrcga'e of 208,622,
not to be classed amon« manufartuiers in the dis-
cussion of a tariff bill in which the object is protec-
tion. There is no danger of the foreigners import-
ing our houses,or ships, or newspapers, or sawing our
boards, or grinding; our wheat, and corn. I therefore
deduct this number, which leaves, including all the
mechanics of the whole Union, of all other trades*
and professions, only 279,092 persons. The mode
of computation has been to put down all classed as
engaged m manufacturing, or m business denomi-
nated under the head of manufacturers; ami then to
multiply the whole by five, supposed to be the fam-
ily of each of the persons so engaged. They as-
sume that each operative is the head of a family,
and supports four persons besides himself, allowing
for no apprentices, no journeymen, but all bosses.
Whereas, the fact is, that many of the operatives, in
all our factories, are girls and boys—the children
of farmers, mechanics, and laborers, who, to earn
something for themselves, or to aid in supporting
their parents and their families, engage, for u season,
in that employment. Their paicnt.s are most of
thpm praduceis, and not consumers of the products
of others. Thus we sec that, so far a? numbers aie
concerned, they are infinitely below the estimates,
so often and so confidently made and repeated.
Yet this does not, in any respect, affect their right
to the fostriing care of this government. I alluded
to it to correct what I supposed to be an error, m
cider that others, equally entitled to the favor of the
government, should not be overshadowed and neg-
lected.
Sir, I might, if I had time, very easily show that
our commerce is declining under our prohibitory
system, and I could demonstrate its utter annihila-
tion, if that system is to be continued. And I might
show, also, how your large commercial cities, in
such an event, are to waste away, and finally sink
into insignificance. What are New York, Boston,
New Orleans, Baltimore, and Philadelphia, stripped
of their commerce? A ma^s of ruins, like Athens and
Rome. I mig,ht easily demonstrate that agriculture,
mechanics, manufactures, and commerce, are indis-
solubly connected; that they should all be equally
fostered and protected; that they ai,e mutually de-
pendent; and that to cripple one for the benefit of
another, must, in the end, injure all of them.
Sir, I hold in my hand a pamphlet, purporting to
have been issued by a committee of members of the
other side of this House. It is entitled "Tariff Doc-
trine." 1 am told that a hundred thousand of them
have been franked from this Capitol to all parts of
the Union, I piopo&c to notice a few of the absur-
dities and contradictions it contains, to show the
committee and the country what kind of material is
used to uphold a bad system. In most of the
speeches made on the other side, we have bee.n told,
and it has been written out for the country, that
high duties make low prices. The same thing is
asserted in this pamphlet. This is in relation to
manufactures. When they write or s^eak to the
farmer, they tell him that high duties increase the
prices of his produce.
Here they say to the farmer, "the duty on coal
increases the price of your wood and coah"" But to
the poor man who buys that wood and coal, they
say the duty on coal makes wood and coal cheaper.
Sir, is this the way to treat rational, honest, intelli-
gent men? Do members of this House think such
things can escape detection and exposure? Are
such contradictions to pass off as rational arguments
among sensible men? Again: this pamphlet says to
the American laborer, that the foreign manufacturer,
in hiring his laborers, "sets down nothing like profits,
but barely alloivs them an animal subsistenceKow,
sir, I will turn over one leaf and see what they say
next on this subject, keeping in mind that the laborer
has a bare animal subsistence. To the farmer, to in-
duce him to uphold their system, it says:
"When a season of pressure comes over the community,
and prices decline, the foreign manufacturer has an advan-
tage o\er the domestic lhc loieigner can reduce the
price of his Ijbor He says to the operatives, the market
is glutted prices ha\ e gone down, and I must dismiss you
at once, or y on must submit to a reduction of wages, now
what will follow in such a case7 "Why, his laborers must
submit
Yes, they tell the people that the paupers of Eu-
rope, who arc barely kept from starving, submit to a
reduction cf their wages, and of course starve. Sir,
they must be hard pushed when such facts and argvr
ments are necessary to sustain them. But, sir, do
gentlemen who advocate a prohibitory tariff so
strongly, understand the effect it is producing and
must produce upon the laborers in the manufactur-
ing establishments of the country?
Let us examine the subject a moment, and see if
this system, which is so boldly put forth as protec-
tion to American industry, by the manufacturers, is
not calculated to bring down the laborers to the de-
graded condition and miserable compensation of that
oppressed class in England, to whom the gentleman
opposite apply the epithet of pauper laborers. Is not
the prohibition of foreign goods a bounty offered for
the importation of the starved laborer to this coun-
try' The cry of British tariff has been raised here.
Which is the British tariff'1 That which prohibits
the good** and imports the "poor starved laborer,"
to come in competition with our laborers, on our own
soil; or that which sufficiently protects our own
manufacturers and laborers, and yet neither forces
nor offers a bounty to the poor of other countries to
comc here? 1 am told that a large portion of the
1 ibor in the factories of this country is now per-
formed by foreigners; and that the eastern manufac-
turers have, within the last few years, sent into the
Canadian provinces to employ the poor laborers,
who have been driven by penury and "want from
their own country. Our present system is calculated
to produce this effect. The cupidity of the man-
ufacturer will induce him to employ those who will
work for the least wages, and submit to the greatest
exactions. And it will not be long before our own
citizens will he driven from the looms and workj
shops to make room for British subjects.
' Yet, sir, this system is supported by those wVo
profess peculiar regard for our own citizens, and who
profess great hostility to foreigners; who prate about
the pauper laborers of England ; who organize na-
tive American parties ; who would deprive the for-
eigners, invited here by their policy, of all the rights
of citizens; who would continue them in the same
abject condition here that they were in in their own
country ; and who would, by their policy, bring
down our own citizens to the same level. Yes, sir,
and they would effect all this under the constant cry
of Protection! protection! protection to American
industry!
Mr. Chairman, I have thus, in a desultory man-
ner, presented to the committee my views tipon a
few points connected with this great question. They
are necessarily imperfect. One hour is too limited
a time to take a comprehensive view of the subject.
Again I appeal to this committee to cast off party
prejudices and interests, and let us unite in an hon-
est effort to adjust this question in a manner worthy
of the character and dignity of this great nation,
and m that spirit of generosity, magnanimity, and
justice, which has ever characterized the America^
