428
CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
city, in Whiteside county, in said State of Illinois:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. Also, the petition of Silas Noble and ] 42
others, citizens of Lee county, in the State of Illi-
nois, praying Congress to make appropriations for
the immediate improvement of the Missouri and up-
per Missippi rivers: referred to the Committee of
the "Whole House on the state of the Union.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Robert Mcin-
tosh, for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. JEREMIAH BROWN: Three memo-
rials of similar import, from citizens of Lancaster
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any
alteration in the existing tariff law.
By-Mr. JAMES BLACK: The petition of sun-
dry citizens of Perry county, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, against any alteration in the present tariff:
referred to the Committee of the Whole House. Al-
so, the petition of citizens of Cumberland coun-
ty, in the State of Pennsylvania, asking a revision
in the law regulating the postage on peiiodicals and
newspapers: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SAMPLE: The peiidon of John B. Fra-
zer and 107 others, citizens ofSt. Joseph county, In-
diana, praying for the construction of a harbor at
New Buffalo, in Michigan.
. By Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS: The petition of
Samuel Stout of Indiana, and 19 others, playing an
appropriation of land to continue the Wabash and
Erie canal.
By Mr. RITTER: Two memorials, signed by
citizens of Berks county, Pennsylvania, remonstra-
ting against any alteration in the tariff act of 1842.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of John C.
Buchen and 133 other*, citizens of Dauphin county,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to maintain the
tariff of 1842, until experience shall have demonstra-
ted, by ascertained facts, that a change would be
for the better.
By Mr. MclLVAlNE: The remonstrance of
Chas. S. Bailey and 64 others, citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, against any alteration of the present tauif
laws.
By Mr. STETSON: The petition of Tlem y Dnr-
kee, of PlattKburg, New York, praying for equitable
relief for loss sustained in the execution of a con-
tract with the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March X}5, 1844.
The President pro Itm. laid before the Senate a
communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting statements of the expenditure of the several
bereaus m that department fiom their respective con-
tingent funds; winch, on motion Mi. PHELPS,
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a communciation from
the War Department, transmitting statements of the
amount necessary to complete the naval arsenal in
North Caiohna, according to the original design, as
an arsenal of dcposite and construction: ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. TAP1MN presented documents in support of
the claim of Joseph Watson; which were referred
to the committee having chaise of the bill from the
House upon the subject.
Mr. BRFEISE presented a petition from William
G. Brown, of the Suite of Illinois, praying compen-
sation for certain military services lendered the Uni-
ted States i)i H\H: referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented three memorials from
Syracuse, New Yotk, praying that the bill m the
House of Representatives for modifying the Tariff
of 1842 may not he passed into a law; and
Mr. TALLMA DUE presented eight menionuls
fiom Syracuse, N. Y., one fiom Utica, N. Y., and
one from Hudson, N. Y., of like piuyer; all which
were referred to the Committee on finance.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial fiom certain
persons residing in the vicinity of public square
249, of the city of Washington, praying Congress
(it being government property) to improve the same:
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented two memorials
fiom Peter Yon Schmidt, respectfully praying that
he may be paid for translating a pamphlet from the
Russian language on the cultivation of hemp, and
in relation to impregnating timber, in order to
preserve it from the destructive effects of marine
worms: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a petition from
thirty-four citizens of Macomb county, Michigan,
praying to be confirmed in their quarter concessions
on Lake St. Clair: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a communication
from Geo. Renwick, of Washtenaw, Michigan, rela-
tive to false and imperfect surveys in Salem town-
ship; which, with the documents on the files of the
Senate upon that subject, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, presented a petition from eighty inhabitants
of Michigan, praying for the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia, and" the prohibition of the
slave trade between the States.
Also, a petition from Alfred Johnson and twenty-
eight other legal voters of Senaca county, Ohio, ask-
ing an inquiry into the fact whether one of the offi-
cers of the Senate has been guilty of separating three
children from their mother, contrary to the laws of
the United States; and if so, to have him removed.
The question of reception having been raised on
these petitions—
On motion by Mr. FULTON, that motion was
laid upon the table.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented the proceedings of
a public meeting held in the Vincennes district, In-
diana, in favor of granting the unsold lands in that
district to the State of Indiana, for the completion
of the Wabash and Erie canal to the Ohio river: re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and or-
dered to be printed.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. BATES presented resolutions of the legisla-
ture of Massachusetts against the annexation of
Texas to the United States; which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to bo printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from die Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Capt. Charles
W. Morgan; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic, Lands, to which was referred the petition of John
Milium and others upon the subject, reported a
lull to secure certain rights* of pre-emption in the
State of Louisiana, and for other purposes; which
waw read and ordered to a second reading, and, with
the report accompanying, to be printed.
Mr. J also, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of John M. Rus-
worm, the legal representative of William Rusworm;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr. J. also, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, the bill from the
House for the relief of James Reid.
On nmdon of Mr. JARNAGIN, the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of the widow of
Benjamin Netherland for a pension, and the petition
of Nancy Parker, the widow of Timothy Parker;
and they were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. MERRICK presented five memorials, one
signed by 5, one by 76, one by 85, one by 91, one
by lUf>, and one by 130 citizens of Alleghany
county, setting forth the advantages resulting
fiom the tariff of 1S42, and the disastrous con-
sequences that would result to the business of
the country, and to domestic manufactures, if
the bill reported m theHouse for the modifica-
lton of that tariff should become a law. They
remonstrate against its passage: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that they do pass, House bills for the
relief of Jerois Foote, and William H. Hoag and
others.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
C-onimeice, leported back without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill of
the House for the relief of Isaac Fessenden.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made an adverse report on the petition for a
pension to William Patterson; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from Peter
Frost, asking for a pension for injuries received in
the military service of the United States, in the war
of 1812: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
made reports on the petition of Samuel Thompson,
praying compensation for superintending the con-
struction of the New York custom-house, as architec;
and of Joseph H. Waring, praying compensation for
services as clerk in the office of the Solicitor of the
Treasury; which were ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Mr. WOODBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported back without amendment, and with
a recommendation that they do not pass the bills from
the. House for the relief of Samuel B. Tucker,
George M. Jones, and.Samuel B. Folger.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial from 60 citi-
zens of Clarion county, Pennsylvania, praying the
passage of an act granting to each male citizen of
the United States, above the age of twenty-one,
160 acres of public land on certain conditions: refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route from Houtiiu,
in the parish of Terrebonne, to Berwick's Bay, in
the parish of St. Mary'*, Louisiana.
STANDING COMMITTEE ON TERRITORIES.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
took up for consideration the resolution introduced
some days ago by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Bagby,] and which, on the motion of Mr. H. had
beed laid on the table, proposing that an additional
standing committee of five shall be appointed by the
Chair, to be denominated the "Commute on Tei-
ntories," to take charge of all territorial business.
Messrs. HUNTINGTON, WOODBRIDGE,
and EYANS, opposed the adoption of the resolu-
tion, as being entirely unnecessary, and Mr. BAG-
BYurged the propriety of its adoption, and called
for the yeas and nays thereon.
Mr. EYANS remarked that the territorial busi-
ness had been as well attended to by the present
standing committees, as it could be should this ad-
ditional committee be adopted; and he moved to lay
the resolution on the table-
Mr. BAGBY demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion; which weie ordered, and the question
being put, the motion was decided in the negative
by the following vote, viz:
YEAS—-Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Choatc, Clayton,
Crittenden, Dayton, Kvam, Kobter, Huntington, Jdrnagin,
King, Miller, Morehead, Upham. and "Woodbridge—16
NAYS— Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atheiton, J3agl<y, Ben-
on, Brcese, Colquitt, Fairfield, Fulton, Huger, Johnson,
McDuthe, Mcrnck, Porter, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tallmadge,
Tappan, Walker, White, Woodbury, and Wright—22.
Mr. MERRICK expressed a wish that the reso-
lution might be adopted, as there was a Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. TAPPAN suggested that the resolution con-
erred the appointment of the committee on the
Chair. It should be made to conform to the usual
mode of appointment—by ballot. He suggested
such a modification; which
Mr. BAGBY acccpted.
The resolution was then adopted.
And on motion by Mr. BAGBY, and by unani-
mous consent, the Chair was authoiized to appoint
the committee.
THE ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate took up
for consideration the joint resolution for the adjourn-
ment of the two Houses of Congress sine die on
Monday, the 20th day of May next, at noon.
Mi. EVANS said it hod been suggested to him
that this resolution would be more acceptable if the
day fixed upon for adjournment were made some-
what later. He was anxious himself that it should
be as early as possible, but was willing to modify
the resolution so as to read, instead of "Monday, the
20th,11 "Monday, the 27th of May."
Mr. MERRICK observed that this would render
it necessaiy for Congress to be in session on Sun-
day.
Mr. EVANS said this had never occurred but
once. There was always, at the close of the ses-
sion, a great press of business before both Houses,
in the engrossment of bills, &c.; and it was a great
convenience to members to have a day of interval
and rest, before the adjournment took place.
Mr. SEVIER did not know exactly how he
could vote upon this resolution. He was very
anxious to get home as soon as he could; but there
were some very important questions, and amongst
them the tariff question, yet to be disposed of
