CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
429
The resolution was modified by Mr. Evans so
as to read Monday the 27th day of May next; and,
as thus modified, fas adopted.
THE COMPROMISE ACT THE TARIFF.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the resolution reported from the
Finance Committee, for the indefinite postponement
of the bill introduced by Mr. McDuffie for the re-
duction of the rate of duties under the present tariff
to the standard of the compromise act.
Mr. BENTON then spoke as follows:
Mr. President : Our confederacy has existed
above fifty years under our present form of gov-
ernment; and during every year of that time we
have had tariff laws in operation, but with very
different effect upon the public, mind. During the
first half of this time, there was universal satisfac-
tion throughout the Union with these laws: during
the second half of it, they have given great discon-
tent to one half the Union. The period of satisfac-
tion began with the beginning of the government,
in the year 1789, and continued down to the end of
the late war with Great Britain: the period of dis-
content began in the year 1816, and continues to the
present day. A difference so great in its effect
upon the public mind, implies a great difference in
the character of these laws duringthe two periods,
and naturally throws the niind back to the contem-
plation of this difference, and to the consideration
of the causes which produced it.
The implication is not erroneous. The tariff laws
of the two periods are, in fact, essentially different,
and were framed with different views, and constitute
opposite systems. The laws of the first period had
revenue for their object, and the protection of home
industry for their incident; the laws of the second
period have protection for their object, and revenue
for their incident. And the provisions of the acts
under the two systems were framed accordingly: mod-
erate duties, fairly assessed upon actual values and
real quantities, characterized the legislation of the
first period: high duties, fictitious valuations, and
prohibitory minimums characterized the second.
The striking difference which we find in the legis-
lation of the two periods is, first, in the amount of
the duty imposed; and, secondly, in the mode of as-
sessing or computing it. The amount of the duty
is vastly increased during the second period, and the
mode of its computation is arbitrarily arranged to
increase that amount. Before the war, the duties,
whether specific or ad valorem—whether on the
quantity or on the value—were moderate in amount,
and fairly assessed on the actual value, or actual
quantity: since the war the dnties have often been
exorbitant in amount, and then made more exorbi-
tant in the collection, by calculating them, in some
instances, on the arbitrary assumption of a fictitious
minimum valuation.
The cause of this difference in the character of
our tariff laws is found in the fact mentioned by the
senator from South Carolina, [Mr. McDoffif..]
Politicians and capitalists have seized upon the sub-
ject, and worked it for their own purpose—the for-
mer for political advancement—the latter for pecu-
niary profit. The tariff has become a question of
politics and money—of partisan politics and section-
al enrichment; and the result has been to fill the
Union with the agitation and discontent which has
afflicted it for twenty-five years.
The harmony of this Union, Mr. President, is
something! It is a great and desirable object, as
pleasant to contemplate as it is useful to enjoy.
Who is there among us old enough to remember it,
who does not recollect the harmonious days, so far
as the tariff was concerned, which we enjoyed dur-
ing the first twenty-five years of our national exist-
ence, when nobody knew we had a tanffbut those
who read the statutes? Who is there old enough to
remember it, who does not regret the loss of the
times when the word tariff was never pronounced,
and when, in respect to these laws, the mass of our
population was in the happy condition of Molicrc's
country gentleman, who had talked prose all his
life without knowing it? I, for one, remember these
times, and wish to return to them. I with to return
to the harmony and tranquillity, with respect to the
tariff,which prevailed among us during the first half of
our national existence; and,with that view, have been
carefully studying the legislation of that period for
the purpose of seeing what there was in it, if any
thing, to prevent our returning to it, and enjoying
again the tranquillity which it then produced. 1
have studied that legislation, and studied it in all
Pivndor, witlj this view; and 1 am free to Hay that !
see no difficulty in returning, not to the letter, but to
the object and structure of these good old laws, and
drawing from them again the same happy conse-
quence which they formerly shed upon the Union.
I take it for certain that the act now in force is not
to stand; that either at the present session, or after
another general election, it will be essentially
changed. It was not passed as a permanent act.
Several of those who voted for it, and without whose
votes it could not have passed, declared at the time
that they took it as a temporary measure—as a
measure which they disliked—but which they ac-
cepted for the time from motives of expediency.
(Here Mr. Wright, to whom Mr. B. looked,
nodded assent.) I voted against it, and with
the full conviction that I should soon vote upon
it again, and under better auspices. Whether
the auspicious time for this voting has arrived, 1 do
not undertake to decide. Certainly the auspices are
not all in our favor. The session of Congress before
the holding of a presidential election is not the favora-
ble session for beneficial legislation. A President
without a party, two parties without a President—the
Senate one way, the House of Representatives an-
other way; the President free trade, and the cabinet
mixed:—these elements, taken all together, compose
a very heterogeneous mixture, and present an as-
pect not at all favorable to the enactment of whole-
some laws, or the application of healing remedies to
the disorders of the State. I even doubt whether a
cool discretion would recommend any attempt to
settle the tariff question at this session. I speak of
settle, in contradistinction to discuss. I believe in
the virtue of discussion—temperate, enlightened dis-
cussion—directed to the intelligence, and to the mor-
al sense of the community; and, in that point of view,
I am of opinion that the senator from South Caroli-
na (Mr McDuffie) has done well to bring on the
present debate: but discussion is one thing, and set-
tling the question is another. I do not think that
the present is the time to settle the question. Be-
sides our discordant and heterogeneous condition,
so unfavorable to harmonious action; besides the
danger of miscarriage from this source, there is an-
other tribunal which has jurisdiction, of the subject,
and is now occupied with it, and whose decision
will be paramount to ours. The question itself is
now on trial before the great aieopagus of the peo-
ple! and must have its solution from that tribunal
before we meet again. The presidential election in-
volves the fate of the tariff, and to that fate a future
Congress will have to conform, be our action now
what it may. Now, as in the year 1832, the fate of
the high tariff is staked in the person of its eminent
champion—its candidate for the presidency of the
United States. That champion was defeated then, and
his system with him; and he may be defeated again.
If he shall be, we shall settle the question with more
harmony and equity, and with a bottei chance for
stability than at the present time: if not, all that we
may do now, may soon be reversed. Seeing this,
and that all we do now, if we do anything, must be
imperfect and provisional, I very much doubt the
policy of attempting to settle the tariff question at
the present session. I am in favor of discussion,
but doubt the practicability, at this time, of judicious
and stable legislation. This is my opinion, but
others think otherwise; and I yield to their wishes.
Discordant as all the departments of the government
now are, and on the eve, as we are, of a presidential
election, 1 expect nothing perfcct from our attempts
at legislation on this subject. On the other hand,
miscarriage and defeat, under such circumstances,
will inspire me with no despair. I look forward to
the next Congress to settle this question—to settle it
according to the will of the people—and, according-
ly, to settle it with some chancc for that durability
and permanency which is so essential to the success-
ful prosecution of every branch of business.
The question is then presented: Shall we proceed
to remodel the tariff act of 1842? I answer, yes'—
saving to the House of Representatives its con.stitu-
tionai right over the initiation of revenue bills. 1 do
not argue that question. 1 neither argue it, nor con-
ceal my opinion upon it. I deem it sufficient, on
the present occasion, to say that, m all cases of
doubtful jurisdiction between the two Houses, my
rule is to solve the doubt m favor of the House
which, by the constitution, is charged with the gene-
ral subject. Taxation and representation go to-
gether. The burdens of the people and the rep-
resentation of the people are put together. The
immediate and full representation of the peo-
ple is in the House of Representatives, and to
that House the constitution has coqfiijed tlie ori-
gination of all bills for raising revenue. Is the bill
which is now before us a bill for raising revenue? .1
think it is. At all events it is a question of doubt;
and in that case, I defer to the jurisdiction-of the
House which is charged with the general subject.
' The proposition before us is, in terms, to restore"
the compromise act of 1833, .but in substance to 
substitute revenue duties for protective duties. The
author of the proposition [Mr. McDuffie,] has
spoken his sentiments upon it; and, from the tenor
of all that he has said, I comprehend that he goes
for revenue duties, without regard to their form—
that he is not wedded to the horizontal line—the
uniform ad valorem of 20 per centum upon all articles
without regard to their character; but that he ad-
mits of discriminating duties, and of different rates
of duty, according to the nature of the article.
[Mr. McDuffie nodded assent.]
This being the case, I flatter myself that we shall
be of accord with respect to the remedy as well as
in regard to the evil. I was not in favor of the
compromise act when it passed; I am not in favor ot
attempting to revive it. It presents an issue which
is wrong in itself, and upon which we cannot go to
trial—that of one uniform rate of duty upon all arti-
cles without regard to theirnature or character. I am
for discriminating between articles of luxury and ne-
cessity, and for making luxuries pay highest. 1 am
for discriminating between articles- made at home,
and not made< at home; and placing the highest rev-
enue duty upon the foreign rivals of our own pro-
ductions. In a word, I am for going back to our old
legislation on this subject—to the system before the
war; not to the precise terms of any one of the acts,
but to the principles and structure, the objects and
the incidents of the whole. They were all mod-
elled upon the same plan. All took revenue for
their object; all admitted incidental protection; all
discriminated between luxuries and necessaries; and
none of them admitted false assumptions of value by
minimum valuations. They were all equally free
from the abuse of minimum valuations on one hand,
and the arbitraiy levelling of the horizontal principle
on the other. I am for returning to this system,
with the single limitation that no duty, whether
specific or ad valorem, shall exceed a maximum of
30, or 33j per centum. In returning to this ground,
or rather in remaining upon it, (for it has always
been my doctrine,) I find myself standing upon the
ground of the first twenty-five years' action of our
government, and sustained by the sanction of the
the highest free trade authorities which the tariff
discussions have brought to light. I allude to the
South Carolina legislative report of December, 1828
—to the Philadelphia free trade convention address
of 1831, and to the Virginia democratic convention
address of 1839. Each of these high authorities,
and at the recent dates mentioned, and in their ex-
tremest opposition to protective tariffs, admit-
ted the principle and the policy of discriminating
duties, and of incidental protection. Here is what
each of them has said, and first of South Carolina.
The report of her legislative committee, remon-
strating against the tariff act of 1828, says:
"Every m iance which ha* been cued, may be fairly referred
to the legitimate power of Congress to impose duties on imports
for revenue. It isa necessary incident of such dunes to act as
an encotiragemenuo manufacture, whenever imposed ou aiti-
cles which may be manufactured in our own country. In Ibis
incidental manner, Congress has the power ot encouraging
uiauufactuies; and the committee rtadidily concede ihat, m
ihe passaffe of an impost bill, that body may, in modifying the
details, so arrange the piovisionsof the bill, as far as it may be
done consistently with its proper object, and ut ui.<l manufac-
tures. To this extent Congress may constitutionally go, and
has gone hom the commencement of the government; which
willfully explain the precedents cued trom the early stsges of
Its opeiation.'5'
The fiec tiade convention says:
"They .idmn Hie power of Congress io lay and collect such
dut.os as ihey may deem necessary for the pin poses of revenue;
and, wuhiu tiiese limns, so to arrange these duties as, met-
d'.nlalhj, and to that extent, ui give pj atectwn to the inanufdc-
tun t '"1
The Virginia convention says:
' U may happen, it a wise policy prevails, that our mannfac.
Hiring brethren of the N.uthand West will be content with such
incidental piotcc'ion™ will be aflorded by duties laid to sup-
plythe constitutional wants of the govei nnient.'q
*Mcs«is. Gregg, Wardlow, Legare, Pieston, A. P. Hayne,
Elliott, and Barnwell fmuh, the committee.
1 Two hundied and ftfly delegates present, of winch 51 from
Virginia, ltj finm North Caiolma, 4! fiom South Carolina,ft
from Georgia, U Ironi Alabama, ! from Miss'ssippi, 2 from
Maiyland, 15 t." m Pennsylvania, 21 from Kew York, 1 from
Rhode Hand, 2 from Connecticut, 18 from Blaosacnusetts, 1
from Maine.
[St., George Tucker, president of the convention, Messrs.
Biockeubiougn, Randolph, Ilartnson, Young, Natlioune,Nich-
olas, Urirasoole, and Opie, secretaries,
