444
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Reannexation of Texas*—Mr. Tibbatis.
H. of Reps.
building at this port, while we observe there are two iron
ones, ol the first class, nearly completed, and, we under-
stand, contracts are made lor the building of three more.
Mr, Walsh, in his letter of June 30, 1843, Paris,
to the editors of the National Intelligencer, says:
The Minister of Marine reminded the member, &c., and
added that the law which authorized the eighteen steamers,
in preparation, was peremptory, &c.
The Boston Journal says that
Many experiments have been carried on during seveial
months upon the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction ca-
nal, under the superintendence of the company's skilful cn-
§ infers, by which it is clearly pioved that steam pou or can
e safely and economically applied to boats of ordinary
form upon narrow canals.
The Iron Queen, a British steamer of three hun-
dred and fifty tons register, was, during the past
year or two, transporting coal from Liverpool to
Havana, and cotton from Mobile to Liverpool;
loading again with salt for Galveston, in Texas, and
returning with cotton; and, after two voyages, upon
examination, she was found not to have strained a
single rivet, notwithstanding she had encountered a
heavy gale on the Galveston bar. Examples might
' be'multiplied, to show the importance of coal and
iron as articles requisite for national defence in time
of war, and as the means of enriching the republic
in periods of peace. But time will not permit any
further notice.
It must be manifest, that if the present duties on
these articles exceed the revenue standard, that ex-
cess is warranted by the application of the rule which
has at all times been admitted in reference to arti-
cles of such undoubted importance in rendering us
independent of foreign powers.
I desire to submit a few more remarks in refer-
ence to the proposition to admit railroad iron free
of duty. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Brink-
erhoff,] and also the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Smith,] seem to favor the measure, on the sup-
position that we are not prepared to supply the de-
mand, and will not afford it at a fair price. I have,
sir, shown how the twenty anthracite furnaces are
to supply the demand. Let us now examine this mat-
ter of prices. In England, in 1829, Ac., &c., iron
commanded only $27 50 per ton. In 1832 the du-
ties were remitted, and the. price advanced to $35;
and ranged from that to $G2 50 up to 1840. The
prices are regulated at the quarterly meetings of the
trade. It is said, however, the tariff will have but
little effect on railroad iron, as it is not made here,
and that the continent is the chief market for the
English production. In answer to this, it has been
shown that we are prepared to make it here; and it
is well known the American importations are of
vast consequence in the scale of nations, as appeals
by referring to an article of high authority, m the
Edinburg Review, for -August, 1843, in which the
English writer undertakes to show "that the trade
of Britain with America employs at least a twenti-
eth part of the British population, and at least a tenth
part of her commercial and manufacturing wealth;"
and as the subject of tariffs is fully treated upon, it
is well worthy of the consideration of the states-
man, as he will perceive how much more protective
both the English and French taiiffs are than the
American.
While in 1830, the entire export of iron and steel
from England, to all parts of the world, was some-
thing more than two hundred thousand tons, of that
amount the United States took more than ninety-
thousand. Strange as it may seem, notwithstand-
ing our tariff, we have consumed more than ona-
third of her exports of iron, steel, hardware and
cutlery.
Now what is the extent of her manufacture of
railroad iron? and what amount has been consumed
by our country? We find from the English Mining
Journal, that the entire manufacture is estimated at
120,000 tons in 1840; and supposing that we have
imported 250,000 tons in fourteen years, we must
have given her, during the years 1837, 1838, 1830,
and lb40, a demand tor about one-third of her then
production. For we find that the State of Penn-
sylvania alone, from 1832 to 1839—that is to say,
in the space of seven years—introduced into that
State alone 49,000 tons, costing three and a half
millions of dollars. Since the first successful exper-
iment in making iron from anthracite, which was
made at Potts\ille about four year?* ago, I hav'e al-
ready said sixteen furnaces ha-\e been established in
Pennsylvania, and four in New Joiscy, and two
more about to be erected at Phumixvilie—the whole
being capable of producing more than 60,000 tons
annually; while our annua] importations have not
averaged more than about 12,000 tons heretofore.
From the foregoing considerations, it will be man-
ifestly seen there can be no failure to supply the
demand; and that the anthracite iron is suitable for
the purpose, is proved by the report of Mr. D.
Mushct, who says, after the most elaborate experi-
ments:
From these and the former comparative experiments, it is
abundantly evident, that the pig iron now making with cold
bh-n and anthracite, at the istalvfera ironworks-, greathj
excecds in strength, in dcflective powers, and capacity to le-
sist impact, any iron at this time manufactured in the king-
dom.
The question then arises, whether the just expec-
tations of those, who have established the.se furnaces
under the provisions of the present law, shall be
crushed by its repeal, and by forcing their produc-
tions wholly into the general market, thereby bring-
ing ruin upon all those engaged in the charcoal fur-
naces. This iron interest is by no means confined
to Pennsylvania and New Jersey; it addresses itself
to the consideration of the representatives of almost
every State in the Union. 1 have already referred
to Tennessee; the following is from a publication in
Georgia:
Among the resources of Georgia, now developing them-
selves, are her manufactures of cast and u rolight iron, loca-
ted in the mountain region. Several are now in operation,
or springing into existence.
And the following from Missouri:
A vein of cannel coal about five inches thick has been dis-
covered on the surface of the earth near Rt. icve Mis-
souri. It if on the route to the famous Iron mountain, and it
is supposed that large quantities will be found, and prove
immensely valuable %
The inexhaustible stores of iron and coal spread
throughout the \ast expanse of this wide republic,
will always prevent any danger of combinations
among the domestic producers to demand unfair
prices from the comiYmity. The present tariff may
have lessened importations, and thereby given n
more extensive home market to our producers, and
thus operated to their advantage; hut that it has not
enhanced the prices, will appear from the followirg
extracts from the commercial list of Mr. Childs:
Turn to August, 1841, and 1812, and Felnuury, 19M, pnd
j,ivc us the prices of iron at the said dates lespoctnely. I
have it, sir, and ansu er a? ioliows:
August ?lf 1841 --Ih'fote th< tanff.
English bar iron, $>75 poi ton to £82 .00
American do 72 ;>0 do 77 £0
Do do lolled, 7i do *<2 <~>U
August G, t?U2.
English bar iron, afG7 ,'Operton
American do 72 r,0 a 7r> do
Do do rolled, ho n K.~> do
February 10, ISM —Snicv the Untfi.
Fnghch bar non, "j-CO n per ton
American do 70 a 7o do
Do do rolled f>5 a 70 do
The two fonnci dates show the prices ot iron pnor to the
commencement of the present tautt, ami the latter date
shows the price now, while the tanlf is m lull opeiation.
The result is, that iron is cheaper nr>w than it was before the
present "heaiy duty" was laid upon it'
While at the same time, as I have before said, it
does not appear the duty transcends the fair reve-
nue standard. We raise about the same amount
of duty upon a less importation, leaving the addi-
tional demand to be supplied from our own re-
sources, out of materials otherwise useless, nnd giv-
ing employment to our citizens no! otherwise en-
gaged, and increasing the, home market for the prod-
ucts of those engaged in agriculture; and whatever
gentlemen may say, it is manifest, from present ap-
pearances, that this home market must be our mam
reliance.
The agricultural papers of Great Britain say that,
in five years, owing to the great improvements now
going on there in the culture of wheat, Eng-
land Will export flour. The imports there, the last
two years, have averaged but 14,000,000 bushels,
and nn improved culture of only five per cent, will
furnish all the home consumption.
The government, hate taken the matter in hand,
and will encourage it by bounties. Should this
prove true, what will become of The great flour mar-
ket which the free trade advocates promise western
farmers if they will adopt the policy of free trade5
A home market is the only one that can be depended
upon with any certainty, and it is the true policy to
endeavor to increase it. Within the last year we have
exported about $10,000,000 of manufactured articles;
and into these articles entered more of the agricul-
tural products of the grain-growing States than the
amount directly exported.
Suppose, by one system of raising revenue, you
may apportion the burdens equally among all classes,
and at the same time incidentally inciease their
means of bearing them; and by another, you would
raise the same amount without benefiting any class,
or without reference to our independence of other
nations in pe,ace or war: who could hesitate in the
choice of methods? The burden of any system de-
pends much upon the ability to pay. Whatever in-
creases the ability lightens the burden.
One great objection to the bill under consideration
is, that it does not appear, from the report of the com-
mittee, that they have any assurance it will produce
sufficient revenue, or that the revenue under the pres-
ent law will be insufficient. Indeed, the importa-
tions for the last quarter go to prove that there will
be no deficiency. But while the present Jaw is
operating favorably upon all the general interests of
the country, why cliange it, unless it can ^ be
shown it is producing either too much or too little
revenue? And when it is admitted stability in all
our operations, is a matter of almost paramount im-
portance, why change at all for any slight and
transient cause?
Do not trifle with the busy energies of a mighty
people. Let well enough alone; the present law is
producing active operations in all branches of busi-
ness, and sufficient resources for the administration
of the government. The rate of duties to which the
bill on your table would return, aftera tiial, failed to
do either. I, therefore, go against it, in obedience to
the convictions of my own judgment, and the wishes
of those, whom I have the Honor to represent.
SPEECH OF MR. TIBBATTS,
OF KENTUCKY.
In the Tloitse cf RepreaentativeSj May 7, 1844—In
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
on the question of the reannexation of Texas, the
tariff bill being then under consideration.
Mr. TIBBATTS addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
]\tr. Chairman: I do not rise with the view of de-
bating the qiu stions growing out of the provision*
of the bill now under consideration. This bill can
go into no practical effect by the action of Congress
at the present session; it may pass this House, or it
may not; that will depend upon the shape it may
assume when we come to voting upon its particular
provisions. If, however, it should pass the*House,
we have been long since well advised that in the
Senate it will not even be discussed, but will be laid
upon the table without any consideration whatever.
Therefore, not considering the tariff a practical ques-
tion at this time,l will not detain the committee with
a discussion upon the subject, but will content my-
self with defining my position upon the tariff ques-
tion generally, without reference to the particular
provisions of the bill on your table; and in stating the
general and fundamental principles by which I
shall be governed in casting my votes upon the dif-
ferent questions which will arise in the progress of
the bill. In defining these principles, I will be as
brief and explicit as possible, as I wish to be distinct-
ly understood upon this subject, as well as upon all
others, both m this House and before the country.
I am opposed to a system of direct taxation—a
system always odious to the people of this country,
scarcely endured by them in time of war, and which
would "never he submitted to in times, of peace. I
am therefore opposed to free trade, in the common
acceptation of that term, on the one hand, and to
protection for the sake of protection, without re-
gard to revenue, on the other; because the former
would make a system of direct taxation imme-
diately necessary, and the latter would neces-
sarily induce it by the laying of prohibitory
duties, which are of course destructive of revenue.
The revenue arising from tha salrs of the public
lands, and its other resources, being insufficient, as
all will admit, for the support of the government,
and a system of direct taxation wholly inadmissible,
the only other mode left of raising rcver ue for the.
support of t.he government, is by a tariff or tax upon
foeign productions imported into, and consumed in,
thifc country. A tariit is a tax ultimately paid vol-
untarily by the consumers of those importations;
and not by the foreign producer or importer, as I
have heard argued out of this hall—an absurdity
which has not been advanced m this hall by any
gentleman, far as I have hraid, but. on the con-
trary, is totally abandoned by all the advocates of
protection on this floor. I do not believe that the
government has the right to tax one portion of the
community fox the benefit of another; nor to ,sup-
port one portion at the expense of the others. It can-
notbe doubted, in fact no man here doubts the poW"
