May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Reannexation of Texas—Mr. Tibbatts.
H. of Reps.
er of Congress to levy and collect such a tariff of
duties as may be deemed necessary for the purposes
of revenue. In exercising that power I believe that
Congress should have for its object the raising of
revenue, and to the raising of no more than is neces-
sary, in addition to lite proceeds of the sales- of the
public laads and the other resources of the govern-
ment, to the payment of its debts, and to the eco-
nomical administration of its affairs. The tariff being
a tax upon the people of this country who are the
consumers of foreign productions imported into it,
as all seem to admit here, I am not willing to levy
and collect, by a tariff, off of the people, a greater
amount of taxes than is necessary for those purposes.
1 am therefore opposed to the laying a tariff for pro-
tection, which shall, by taxes- upon the people, cre-
ate a surplus revenue.
I believe that we have the power, within the
scope of a revenue tariff, to discriminate between -
domestic and foreign productions, and between arti-
cles of necessity and articles of luxury, and to dis-
criminate for the protection, not only of our manu-
facturing, but of our agricultural and commercial in-
terests also—-having an eye, in the exercise of that
discrimination, to the interests of the whole country,
so as to impose the burdens of taxation as equally
and fairly as possible upon the whole country, and
not unjustly to oppress one part for the benefit of
another. And m the exercise of the power of dis-
crimination, I have no doubt that Congress has the
power so to regulate the tariff in favor of domestic
productions as to exclude the importation of foreign
productions of a like nature, where such produc-
tions are essential to the defence or independence of
the country in time of war—a power, of course, at
all times to be exercised with due discretion, and
with a view to the placing the burdens of taxation
as equally as possible upon the whole country.
Equality is justice. A horizontal tariff has no ad-
vocates, I believe, here or elsewhere. Within the
scope of a tariff for revenue, I am in favor of dis-
crimination; and will so far protect home industry
as to place the highest duty a revenue tariff will bear
upon foreign productions of a ri\al character. I am
m favor of placing as low duties as possible upon ar-
ticles consumed by the laboring classes, and, wheie
it can be done, of making all articles of necessity
entirely free from duties. I am also in favor of
placing the highest duties which a tariff for revenue
will bear upon all articles of luxury. The true dis-
tinction, as I understand it, between the democratic
party and the whig party, is, that the democratic par-
ty advocate a tariff which makes revenue the object, and
protection the incident; whilst the whig party contend
for the opposite—a tariff' which makes protection the
object, and revenue the incident.
Having thus, sir, said as much as I deem necessa-
ry to define my position m relation to the bill (tariff)
under consideration, I will, as I may not have a bet-
ter opportunity, proceed to the discussion of a more
practical question, upon which, in my opinion, im-
mediate action is necessary on the part of this gov-
ernment. The question I have reference to is
THE RJE ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
The position of this question at this time is of pe-
culiar importance. It is a question of deep and abi-
ding interest to this country, to Texas, and to the
world. It is now exciting, and will continue to cx-
cite, the deepest feeling, throughout the length and
breadth of this republic; and I will venture to say
that, when all the facts have been presented to the
American people—when all the light which can be,
has been shed upon the subject—when, apart from
party discipline and party trammels, it has been
viewed in all its bearings,—not a man who has the
true interests of his country at heart, not a true friend
of liberty, not a patriot, will be found in the land,
who will not be in favor of reannexation.
Before I proceed w ith the remarks I intend to
make upo.i this question, I beg leave to call the at-
tention of the committee to an extract from a letter
written by General Andrew Jackson to a distin-
guished member of Congress, dated
Hm?vi i , Maich 11, lS4i.
The present golden moment to ubtam Tcxa^ must not be
lOht, or Texas mus,, trom necessity be thrown into tin.
auis of England, and be forever lost to '.ho United States!
Need I call your attention to the situation of the United
States, England in possession of Texas, or m strict aihancc,
offensive and defensive, and contending for California*
How easy wo aid it be for Great Britain to interpose a force
sufficient to prevent emigration to California from the Uni-
ted States, and supply her garrison from Texaw! Every real
American, whenthe\ -view tlus, with the danger to New
Orleans frooi British arms from Texas, must unite heart and
hand in ttte annexation of Texas to the United State? I*
will he a strong iron hoop around our Union, and a bulwark
against all foreign invasion or aggression. I sav again, let
not this opportunity slip to regain Texas, or it ma\ elude
our grasp lorever, or cost us oceans of blood, and millions
of money, to free us from the evils that may be brought up-
• on us! I hope and trust there will be as man\ patnots in
the Senate as will ratify the treaty, which, 1 have no doubt,
will be piomptly entered into. 1 «j*<un say to you, that this
moment nhJst not be lost, or real necessity may compel Ttxns to
look elseivhoc for piotection und safety.
andrfav jackson.
This, sir, is a letter—I had almost said a legacy—
of a man who has always been the firm and unflinch-
ing friend to his country in all trials, through all
difficulties, under every emergency. Almost in the
last moments of his existence, almost in the last
hour, he is permitted by a Divine Providence to lin-
ger amongst us to' enlighten us by his counsels, un-
biased by selfish or party considerations, with the
honest promptings of a pure and patriotic heart.
Almost on the confines of a future existence, where
he is to be judged for his good or his evil intentions,
Gen. Jackson pens this letter. Who, under- such
circumstances, will doubt the purity of'his motives?
who the wisdom of his counsels? Who will shut
his eyes to the truth of the warnings he gives us?
Who is fearful of staining his personal honor, or
soiling the honor of the nation, by following his ad-
vice? For one, sir, I indulge no such apprehensions;
for one, 1 pin ready to do all in my power honora-
bly to accomplish the object he advises. Teias
was acquired by this countiy from France by the
treaty of Louisiana of the 30th April, 1803, aH<l
continued to be the property of this government until
it was ceded to Spam by the treaty of Florida of the
22d February, 1819. Ey this treaty, Texas, to
which our title was indisputable and incontestable,
was sacrificed, and this country despoiled of one of
the most beautiful portions of its territories acquired
by the cession of Louisiana by France: half of the
value of the purchase made by Mr. Jefferson was
thrown away by the treaty of 1819.
Mr. Adams, in a letter to Mr Forsyth, under
date of ihe 18th August, 1819, uses the following
expressive language in relation to this treaty:
The Spanish government cannot allege either that Mr.
Oms transcended his set let instructions, or that the iati!ica-
tion of the Umted States has been refused, or th.it any un-
iair advantage was taken on the paitot ihe United States m
the negotiation, or that Spain was not fully awaie before-
hand of the full extent ol the engagements contracted by
Mi Oms It is too well known, and they will rot dare to
deny it, that Mi Oni^.s last lmti notions uuthonzed him to
concede much moi v. than he did, that those instructions had
been prepared by Mr. Pr/.airo. that, alter the appointment of
the Marquis de Casa Yi ajo to the ministiy thty wcieb\
him submitted to the King's? Council, arid w 11)1 their full
sanction were tiansnutted to Mr Oms. The government
of the United States indeed, considered the moderation and
generosity of the terms to w Inch they had acceded as a
pledge that they would be leceivod with pride ami joy by
the Spanish government, and so it will not be denied, thev
were 111 the lir&t instance leceived by the King of Spam and
las cabinet.
This generosity of our government was, as I un-
derstand it, the ceding of Texas to Spain. The
Spanish ticaty caused much excited feeling and in-
terest at the time m the western country. Mr. John
Gtuincy Adams, then Secretary of Stat?, was con-
sidered by the people in the West and South as har-
boring feelings of bellied enmity against their in-
terests, and was fteely chargcd with having, under
the influence of such feelings, given up to Spain our
claim to Texas, in violation of the dearest rights and
interests of the whole country. This charge, I be-
lieve, Mr. Adams lias denied. I iefei to it merely
to show the temper with which the treaty was le-
ceived by the people in the western country. I have
neither time nor inclination, nor do I deem it neces-
sary to my present purpose, to enter into an investi-
gation as to the persons who were active in this
transaction, or the motives by which they were ac-
tuated. Whether they were actuated by niothes of
revenue for political disappointments, and acted with
the view of weakening the power uf the South or
not, so it was that Texas was lost to the United
States in a manner, to say the least of it, most unac-
countable.
The cession of Texas to Spain met with a de-
cided opposition from Mr. Clay. On the 3d of
April, 1^20, he made a speech upon some resolu-
tions, which had been submitted by him, a few days
previously, in the House of Representatives. These
resolutions, and the speech, are reported in the Na-
tionai Intelligencer, of the 1 ith April, 1820, and,!
suppose, written out by Mr. Clay himself. The
resolutions are as follows:
1. Re$olv(d, That the constitution of the United States
vests m Congress the power to dispose of the teiritory be-
longing io +hem, and that no treaty, purporting to alienate
any portion thereof, is valid without the concurrence of
Congress
'X _ Resolved, Tha* the equivalent proposed to be given by
Spain to the United Slates, m the treaty concluded by them
on the2-2d day of February, iSiy. for that pait of Louisiana
west of the Sabine, was inadequate, and.that it would be
inexpedient to make a t'ranslerthereof to any foreignpow er,
or to renew the aforesaid treaty.
In the course of his speech upon these resolutions.
Mr. Clay said:
It had been his intention, whenever the Committee on
Foieign Affairs should engage the House to act upon their
bill, to oft'er, as a substitute for it, the system which, he
thought it became the country to adopt, ot which the occu-
pation of Texas-is onr own would have been a part, anil a
recognition of the independent governments of South Amer-
ica another.
In relation to our title to Texas he says:
This involved an inquiry into our claim to Texas. It was
not his intention to enter at large into this subject. He
presumed the spectacle would not be presented, of ques-
tioning, in this branch of the government, our title to Texas,
which had been constantly maintained by the executive for
more than fifteen years past, under three several administra-
tions. lie was, at the same time, ready and prepared to
makt out our title, if an> one in this House were fearless
enough to contioveit it. He would, for the present, briefly
state that the man who is most familiar with the transac-
tions of the government-—who largclv participated in the
formation of the constitution and in all that has been done
under it—who, besides the eminent services that he has ren-
dered his couutiy, principally contributed to the acquisition
of Louisiana and who must be supposed, fiom his various
opportunities, best to know its limits,—declared, fifteen years
ago, that our title to the Uio del Noxte was as well founded
as it w ds to the island of New Oiluans.
Here Mr. Clay read an extract from a memoir
presented m 1805, by. Mr. Monroe and Mr, Pinck-
ney, to Mr. Cevallos, proving that the boundary of
Louisiana extended eastward to the Perdido, and
westward to the Rio del Norte, in which they say:
Tlie facts and principles which justify this conclusion,
are so satisfactory to their government as to convince it that
the United States have not a better light to the island of
New Orleans, under the cession referred to. than they have
to the whole distnet ol teriitory thus described.
And in opposition to the treaty he says:
Let us proclaim the acknow lodged truth that the treaty is
prejudicial to the interests of this, country. Are we not
told by the Secietary of State, (John Quincy Adains,) in the
bold and confident assertion, that Don Oms was authorized
to grant us uvu.h morn, and that Spain da) e not deny his in-
structions7 That the line of demarcation is far within its
limit*. ' r ■* * * * * *
Let tcs put aside the htafy; tell her to grant us our rights
to their uttermost extent. And if she still palters, let us
asseit those rights by whatever measuies it is for the in-
terest of om countiy to sidopt.
Sensible of the lasting injury which had been
done to the most vital interests of the country by
the cession of Texas to Spain, the succeeding ad'
ministrations of Adams and Jackson made un-
ceasing efforts to repair the fatal error, and to re-
gain the territory:
Mr. Adams's administration commenced Maich4, 182C,
and Mr Poinsett, who had been bent to Mexico bj Pi evi-
dent Monroe as an informal agent, as earl) as 18:22, was re-
ceived as minister m Mexico in June, lb-o. On the 26th of
March, Mi. Clay—then Secretary of State--drew up's
letter of insuuctious to Mr Pomtett. He dwells upon the
subject o! the t stablishment oi the limits between the let-
ntonesof the United Suites and Mexico, and directs Mi.
Poinsett to sound the Mexican government m relation to the
establishment ofa new hue Mi (/laydays:
"The line of the Sabine approaches our great western
mart neaiei than could be wished Peihaps the Mexican
government may not be unwilling to establish that of the
Iliu Brazos de Dios, or the Rio C oiorado, or the Snow
mountains, or the Rio del Norte, in lieu of it.''
He then suggests some reasons which might induce the
government to consent to the change, and navies as-a rea-
son why we should have Texas the importance of having
entirely within our limits '-the lied n\er and Arkansas,and
their lespective tributary stieams ' In drawing up these
instructions for the annexation of Texas, Mr. Clay says.,
"the Piesident wifhes j ou to effect that object "
This subject v.as renewed two yeais later—16-27—and
Mr Poinsett was instiucted to urge negotiation for Texas.
In a letter doted Maich lj, 1S27, Mr. Clay says:
"The Prus-ident has thought the present an auspicious pe-
riod for utgmg a negotiation at Mexico to settle the bound-
er} oJ the two republics.''
"If we could obtain such a boundary as we desiie, the
government of the United St ties might be disposed to pay a
reasonable pecuniary compensation. The boundary we
prefer n. that which, beginning at the mouth of the llio dtl
Noitein the sea. shall ascend that nvei to the mouth of the
RioPuoreo; thence ascending this nvertoits source, and
from its rource by a line due north to strike the Arkansas:
thence following the southern bank of the Arkansas to its
source in latitude 4*2 degrees north , and thence by that par-
allel of latitude to the South sea'-'
Mr Clay farther instructed Mr. Poinsett to offer a sum sot
exceeding one million ot dollars for this immense tcrritoxy,
or, if he could not obtain the line of the Rio del Norte for a
boundary, then he might oft'er five hundred thousand dol-
lars for the line of the Colorado river. He further -states
that the treaty may "provide for "the incorporation of the
inhabitants into the Union." A refeience to a map of North
America will show. bitter than any description, ihe gfev
