May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st See
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
 Reannexation of Texas—Mr. Tibbatts.
in
H. of Reps.
and France, or one of them, were to take part with Mexico,
and, by a manifesto, were to proclaim that their objects
Were to assist a weak and helpless ally to check the spirit
of encroachment and ambition of on already overgrown
republic. seeking still further acquisitions of tenitory, to
hramtain the independence of Texas, disconnected with the
United States, and to prevent the further propagation of
slavery from the United States: what ivould lie the effect of
'such allegations upon the judgment of an impartial ahd en-
lightened world.?
Assuming that the annexation of Texas is Avar with Mex-
ico, is it competent to the treaty-making power to plunge
this country into a w ar, not only "u ithout the concurrence
ol. but u ithout deigning to consulr Congress, to which, by
the constitution, belongs exclusively the power of declar-
ing war1
. I,h$ve hitherto considered the question upon the supposi-
*ier. Uiai, the annexation is attempted without the assent of
Mexico. 11 she yields her consent, that would materially
aflect the foreign aspect of the question, if it did not re-
move all foreign difficulties. On the assumption of that as-
sent, the question would be confined to the domestic con-
siderations which belong to it, embracing the terms and
conditions upon which annexation is proposed. 1 do not
think that Texas ought to be received iiUo the Union, as ah
integral part of it, m decided opposition to the Wishes of a
considerable and respectable portion ol the confederacy.
I think it far more wr*e ana important to compose ana nar-
rnoni^e the present confederacy, ns it now exists, tha.ii to in-
troduce a new clement of discord and distraction into it.
In my humble opinion, it should be the constant and earnest
endeavor of American statesmen to eradicate piejucdies. to
cultivate and foster concord, and to produce genoial con-
tentment among <)lj parts of our comedeiacy. And true
wisdom, it seems, to me, points to the duty ol rcndbnng Ha
present members happy, prosperous, and satisfied with each
other, rathei thau to attempt to introduce alien membeis,
against the common consent, and \\ ith the certainty of dec})
dissatisfaction. Mr Jeflerson expressed the opinion, and
others believed, that it never was in the contemplation of
the framers of the constitution to add foreign territory to
the confederacy, out of which new States were to be formed.
The acquisitions uf Louisiana and Florida may be defended
Upon the peculiar ground of the relation' in which they
stood to the States of the Union. After they were ad-
mitted, we might w ell pause awhile, people our vast wastes,
develop our resources, prepare the means ot defending
what we possess, and augment our strength, powei, and
greatness. If hereafter further territory should be wanted
tor anineieased population, w e need entertain no appiobtu-
sions but that it will be acquired by means, it is to be
hoped, fair, honorable, and constitutional.
Thus it would seem that Mr. Clay is distinctly
and clearly opposed to and pledged against the re-
annexation of Texas to this Union, either with or
without the consent of Mexico. He doubts the com-
petency of the treaty-making power to reannex Tex-
as. He objects to the reannexation without the as-
sent of Mexico, because, as he thinks, annexation
and war with Mexico are identical terms; because
our defenceless commerce would "become a prey to
foreign vessels under the authority and flag of Mex-
ico; and because some European nation might inter-
pose for the purpose of crippling our power, and to
prevent the propogation of slavery." He is equally
opposed to the reannexation, even with the assent of
Mexico, as long as it would be "in decided opposi-
tion to the wishes of a considerable and respectable
portion of the confederacy, and until we people the
territory we now possess, and want more territory
for an increased population.'' And finally, he is in
favor of Texas lemaimng an independent republic.
On this subject he .says:
In the futuxe pi ogi ess of event?, it is probable that there
will be a \oluntai\ or ioicible sepaiation ot the Entish
North American possesions liom the parent country 1 am
strongly inclined to think that it will be best loi the happi-
ness of all paities that, in that e\ent, they should be eiectcd
into a separate and independent republic. V  ith the Cana-
dian republic on one side, that of 'J exas on the other, and
the United States, the fnend of both, between them, each
could advance its own h^ppme^ by such constitutions,
laws, and measures, a& were best adapted to iK peculiar
condition. TheytA\ ouid be natural allies, ready, by co-ope-
ration, to lepel any European or foreign attack upon either
Kach would aftord a secure refuge to the persecuted
snd oppressed driven into exile by "either of the others.
'J hey would emulate each othei in impio\ emerrts, in hee
institutions, and in the science of self-government. Whilst
Texas has adopted our constitution f<s the model of hers
she has. in several important particular.-*, greatly improved
upon it
After this, sir, let no mail say that Mr. Clay and
Mr. Van Huron coincide in their opinions in regard
to the question of reannexation; they are as far apart,
sir. as the east is from the west.
The letter of Mr. Van Euren of the 30th April,
1844, on this subject, h of a widely different charac-
ter from those of Mr. "Webster and Mr. Clay. This
is a letter of great length, lucid, forcible, clear in its
expressions, perspicuous in its style, and present-
ing, upon the constitutional question of annexing
territory to the Union not belonging to it or the
States at the adoption of the constitution, an argu-
ment conclusive and unanswerable. This letter of
Mr. Van Buren is, in my opinion, one of the ablest
papers that ever emanated from the pen of a states-
man. It will be read with great inieiest by the
whole country. I will make a few extracts from
this able document, which will be sufficient to de-
fine the positions he assumes. He thinks that the
immediate annexation of Texas, by treaty, would
involve, by the same treaty, immediate war with
Mexico. In this position, I differ from Mr. Van
Buren, for reasons which I will give, if I have time,
before I take my seat. But Mr. Van Buren, in the
most emphatic language, makes the following dec-
larations:
I b> no means contend that a formal recognition of the in-
dependence of Texas by Mexico is necessary to justify us
in assenting to her annexation to the United States, lime
and circumstances may work such & change in the relations
between those t\\ o countries as to render an act of that
character, on the part of Mexico, unnecessary and unim-
portant.
* *
Mexico may carry her pcrsistancc in refusing to acknowl-
edge the independence of Texas, and in destructne but
fruitless efforts to reconquer that State, so lar as to produce,
m connexion With other circtimvtahci*s, a dfceided convic-
tion on the part of a majority of the people of the United
States, that the permanent u elfarc, il not absolute safety of
all. make it necessary that the proposed annexation sho'uld
be ellected, he (hp u hat ih<y may
y * • *   *
If the time e\or comes nlien the question icsohes it«elf
into whether Texas shall becotne a British dependency or
colon\ , or a constnutiomd poition of tins Union, the grout
principle of sylf-defe-nce, applicable as well to nations as to
individuals, would -without doubt, produce as gnat a una-
nimity among us in \d\ or of the latter alternative as can e\er
be expected on any great question of foreign or domestic
policy.
And he adds:
If any application for annexation, under arch circum-
stances, were made to me, I would feel it to be my dutj to
submit the same t<> Congress foi a public expression of
their opinion, as well upon the propriety of annexation as
in regard to the terms upon which it should take place. If,
after the whole subject hud been biouglit before the coun-
try, and fully discussed, as it now w ill be, the Senate and
House of Representatives—a Luge pouion of the former,
and the whole of the latter, having been chosen by the peo-
ple after the question of annexation had been biought be-
fore the conntij for its mature consideration, should ex-
press an opinion in favor ol annexation—I would hold it lo
be my Saitlier dutj to emplos the exocuth e powei to cairy
into lull and fair eiiect the a\ jshts of a majority of the peo-
ple of the existing State*, thin constitutionally a'rd solemn,
ly expressed.
And, referiing to his former impaitial course upon
questions involving sectional feeimgs, he adds
that, upon this question, as upon all former occa-
sions, he would act independently of sectional con-
siderations.
Thus there seems to be four parties in this coun-
try already formed in relation to this momentous
question—one opposed to the reannexation of Texas
wou>, or ever, both on constitutional grounds, and
grounds of expediency, at the head of which is Mr.
Webster.
Another, at the head of which is Mr. Clay,
which is opposed to it on the grounds of inexpedi-
ency; which prefers thatit shall remain an indepen-
dent republic; but if it should be leannexed, that
the reannexation should he postponed until we
people the vast territories we now possess, and
want more temtoiy for our increased population; or
at least as long as it is "in dccided opposition to the
wishes of a consider able and respectable portion of
the confederacy;" which, as I take it, is an opposi-
tion to the measure new and forever, as it will be
some centuries before the territory we now possess
will be so densely populated as to require more ter-
ritory for an increased population, and inasmuch as
the party which sides with Mr. Webster is both
"considerable and respectable," and the reannexa-
tion of Texas will always be in decided opposition
to their wishes. I take it, then, that those who are
in favor of the reannexation of Texas, now or here-
after, have nothing' to expect either from Mr. Web-
ster oi Mr. Clay—the former cannot go for it, and
the latter would not dare to do it if he weie elected
President. Such a course would insure his politi-
cal ruin; as, ff elected, it would be by the power of
the friends of the former. These two parties will
unite: indeed, sir, they have ahcady united, and
that union was celebrated wiih shows and festivals
and lejoicmgs at Baltimore during the last week.
On the other hand, the friends of the reannexation
of Texas aie likewise divided into two parties. The
one, at the head of which is Mr. Van Buren, which
holds that reannexation is both constitutional and
expedient, but desires to postpone action upon the
subject until after the question shall have been
brought before the people, and they shall have ex-
pressed a favorable opinion of it, and then to act up-
on .it, whether Mexico shall be in favor of it or
not.
if this question is to be postponed beyond the
next session of Congress, and until after the next
presidential election, I declare it as my candid and
unbiased opinion, after the declarations so ingenu-
ously made, I would feel the question as Safe arid
ascertain of successful action in the hands of Mr.
Van Buren, as of any tnan in the Uniofr, in the
North or in the South. But, sir, there is anbthef
portion of the people—and I am one of thefh—which
consists of many thousands of the people in the
North and in the South, in the East and in the West,
confined to no particular section or party, who see
no reason for a postponement of this question; on
the contrary, they believe that there is an urgent ne-
cessity for prompt and decisive and immediate action
upon the question. This party is looking out for a
leader, and I have no doubt will soon fina one. If
this measure shall fail at the present session of Con-
gress, as 1 am apprehensive it will, all these friends
of reannexation will ht found, though now separa-
ted by a very slight difference of opinion, coming
together marshaled under one leader, and battling
under the same banner. Politicians may strive, sir,
hut they will stride in vain, to stay the torrent of
popular feeling which is already in motion on this
momentous question. They may endeator to har-
ness their followers; the press may be subsidized;
party tactics may be put into requisition and opera-
tion; but it will all avail nothing. There is a deep
and abiding interest among the people on this ques-
tion which cannot be smothered. The tide of pop-
ular sentiment is rolling onward, and no power on
earth can resist it. It is sought to postpone this
question for a more decided expression of the public
will. Sir, the acquiescence of all parties in the re-
peated efforts to regain Texas, ever since the cession
to Spain, is expressive enough. We are told to
wait until there is a more urgent and extreme ne-
cessity. Sir, the necessity is urgent enough. We
should provide to avoid an extremity of need. Now,
it may be done peaceably, and with little compara-
tive cost. Then, it may cost us millions of trea-
sure and rivers of blood. Now, the question, if it is
meritorious in itself, can best be settled upon its own
intrinsic propriety, if it be delayed, it will become
mingled in the party conflicts of the day. Texas must,
at some time or other, in some way, be incorporated
with this confederacy. It can now be done peace-
ably and with her consent; if we drive her from us
now, and force her, by our repulsion, into a position
in which she may be compelled, by her necessities,
—ah! sir, may I not say, indeed, by her inclinations,
her feelings outraged and soured by our unwise and
unnatural conduct—into entangling alliances with
Great Britain; then, sir, war with that power can-
not be avoided; then, our peace and safety will never
be certain until she is made ours by conquest. Ac-
tion now will only risk a possibility, and the re-
motest possibility, of a war with Mexico. Post-
ponement will make a war with Great Britain ine-
vitable. If we are to wait until Mexico shall ac-
knowledge the independence of Texas, it will never
be accomplished. Mcxico never will, she will never
dare, acknowledge it, without the consent of England,
who holds a debt of some eighty millions of dollars
against her, as an argument to support her kind
counsels; and England will not consent until, by her
diplomacy, she has established herself upon our
southern border, to put into practice her interfer-
ence by counsel and advice with the peculiar insti-
tutions of the southern States.
If we form a union with Texas, I admit thatit
would be an assumption of her quarrels; and if a
war actually 'exists between Texas and Mexico,
we would be involved in that war, unless we could
avoid it by negotiation. But there would exist no
necessity for a war with Mexico; nor could we be
charged with dishonor because of the weakness of
Mexico. The necessity of war and all dishonora-
ble imputations would vanish if we did, as we
promptly would, tender to Mexico full satisfaction
for any claim she might have against Texas. Thus,
sir, we would avoid any jpst charge of a violation
of the oligations of our treaty with Mexico. There
is no necessity, sir, of a war with Mexico Let us
pay her liberally for any just claim she may have
against that country. No man of sense believes
that Mexico can ever reconquer Texas. Mexico,
if she has the power to act for herself, untrammeled
by British diplomacy, will see this impossibility,
and will consent to the reannexation. "England has
no right to interferce in this matter. She has no
more to do with it than with the bill on your table
which proposes to cede back to Virginia and Mary-
land parts of the District of Columbia. Any inter-
ference by Great Britain to prevent, by wm% a peace-
