CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 27, 1844.
Volume 13....N6, 28.
f Continued from No. 27.]
them in their benevolent labors; also, what com-
pensation has been made to any societies or indi-
viduals for impx'ovements that have been made or
abandoned in the removal of the tribes.
On the motion of Mr. W. J. BROWN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
granting to the counties of Tipton and Riohardville,
in the State of Indiana, the right of pre-emption to
one quarter section of land in each county, for the
purpose of locating the county seat of said counties.
On the motion of Mr. CALEB SMITH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post-route from Rich-
mond, in Wayne county, Indiana, to Liberty, in
Union county, via the cross roads at Bennett's store,
in Harrison township, Union county.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS moved that 5,000 extra
copies of the report in relation to bounty lands be
printed for the use of the House; but as objections
were made, it went over.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the use of the hall of
of the House of Representatives be granted for the
Congressional Temperance Society, after the ad-
journment of the House on Thursday next: on
which he moved the previous question.
Mr HAMLIN called for tellers on seconding the
demand for the previous question, and Messrs.
Phelps and Burke were appointed. They reported
71 in the affirmative, which was deemed sufficient,
without counting those in the negative. The main
question was ordered to be now put, and the reso-
lution was agreed to.
Mr. T. SMITH offered the following resolution;
but as it was objected to, it lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to obtain from the bureau of medicine and
surgery, and transmit to this House a statement of
the number, date, and pay, and emoluments of all
attendants of whatever kind or denomination em-
ployed in the naval hospitals of the United States,
including the naval hospital, called naval asylum, to-
gether with the number, ages, and number of years'
service of all the pensioners now in the latter hospi-
tal, together with a report on the bodily health, or
description of all the present inmates; also the cost
annually of the clothing and support of every pen-
sioner, together with any facts showing that these
institutions may be more economically conducted
than at present.
Mr. HAMMETT presented resolutions of the
legislature of the State of Mississippi, in relation to
the removal of a custom-house in that State. They
were referred to the Committee oil Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOGrE presented the following resolutions,
and a memorial of the legislature of Illinois:
A resolution of instruction for the passage of an
act, making an appropriation for the removal of ob-
structions to the navigation of the western waters.
Also, a preamble and resolutions of said legisla-
ture for the passage of an act making an appropria-
tion to construct a canal around the Des Moines and
Rock river rapids of the Mississippi river, and a
resolution of instruction to the representatives of
said State in Congress, to tise every exertion in
their power to obtain said appropriations.
Also, a memorial of the general assembly of the
State of Illinois, praying an appropriation to re-
move obstructions from the Mississippi river.
Mr. WENT WORTH presented the following
resolution, and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a tri-weekly line of four-
horse post coaches for the purpose of transporting
the United States mail from Chicago, via Babcock's
Grove, St. Charles, Sycamore, Coltonville, and
Grand Detour, to Albany, on the Mississippi river,
in accordance with the petition of lising two thou-
sand citizens along said loute, and report by bill or
otherwise.
On motion of Mr. R, SMITH, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
-ing to the State of Illinois, all the swamp and inun-
dated lands in the Edwardsville, Vandalia, and Kas-
kaskia land districts, for the sole purpose of draining
and reclaiming said lands and improving the Kas-
kaskia and Big Muddy river, thereby rendering the
country more healthy, and the remaining govern-
ment lands more valuable.
- Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciaiy be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of raising
the salary of the judge of the United Stales district
court for the district of Illinois, so as to place him
upon an equality with the district judges of the
States of Kentucky, Tennessee, and IVIichigan.
Mr. R. SMITH gave notice that, on to-morrow,
or some day thereafter, he would ask leave to in-
troduce a bill to authorize the State of Illinois to
grsi t or sell the saline lands in Jackson county, in
said State.
Oil the motion of Mr. FICKLIN, the following
was agreed to:
Whereas the northern cross railroad, in the State
of Illinois, is located through a prairie country, in
which a very large proportion of the lands have not
been sold by the general government:
And whereas the public lands will, unless said
railroad be completed, remain unsold and useless to
the government for a very great number of years:
And whereas the interest of this government, as
well as people in that section of country, would be
essentially promoted by granting alternate sections
of land along the line of said road for its completion:
Therefore resolved by the House of Representatives,
That the Committee on Public Lands inquire into
the expediency Of granting alternate sections of
land along the line of said road, for the purpose of
aiding in its construction.
Mr. HARDIN offered the following; on which he
demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform this House what amount of
revenue has been collected during the present fiscal
year, up to the 1st of March last, distinguishing
between the receipts from sales of public lands, and
from duties on imports; and that he also inform this
House what is the amount of imports and exports
up to the 1st of March; also that a copy of the bill
to modify the existing tariff laws, reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, be sent to the said
Secretary of the Treasury; and that ho be requested
to report to this House what he estimates would
be the revenue produced by said bill, taking the ave-
rage amount of imports for the last live years as the
basis of the estimates.
Objection was made in several quarters.
Mr. HARDIN moved a suspension of the rules,
on which the yeas and nays were ordered; and, be-
ing taken, tliey resulted as follows: yeas 84, nays
82; which was less than a majority of two-thirds,
and therefore the rules were not suspended.
Mr. McCLERNAND offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of ce-
ding the public lands to the States in which they lie,
upon such terms as shall be deemed fair and equita-
ble to all concerned.
Which being- objected to—
Mr. McCLERNAND moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the yeas and nays,
winch%\vere ordered; and being taken, resulted as
follows: yeas 3'2, nays 131.
So the rules were not suspended.
On motion of Air. McCONNELL, the following
resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the- Committee of Ways and
Mean? be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a mint at Goldville, county of Talla-
poosa, and State of Alabama, with leave to report
by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN, the following
resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That the petition and papers on file rela-
ting to the claims of the heirs of Captain John
Marks, deceased, be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HOUSTON offered the following rcsolution;
which, he observed, referred to that offered fey Mr.
Hubard some weeks ago, and asked for the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the resolu-
tion referred to them relative to the operation of the
late bankrupt law; and that the same be referred to
the President of the United States, and that he -be re-
quested to get all the information therein desired,
and report the same to this House at an early day.
The demand for the previous question being sec-
onded—
Mr. CLINGMAN asked for a division of the
question, so as to take it first on discharging the
committee, and next on the reference to the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. ADAMS objected to the latter part of the
resolution, calling on the President of the United
States to report to the House. He therefore sub-
mitted that the resolution must go over on notice of
debate. .
Mr. HOUSTON observed that the resolution had
been recehed, and that it was too late then to ob-
ject to it. The gentleman could vote against the
second branch if he disapproved it.
Mr. ADAMS said that he wished to debate it.
The SPEAKER said that it was in order for fe:
gentleman from Massachusetts to object to the reso-
lution when it was first offered, but it having been
received without objection, and the previous ques-
tion being moved on it, it was too late to obj£Cj
now.
The question was then taken on the first branch
of the resolution, to discharge the Committee on the
Judiciary from the further consideration of the sub-
ject, and carried without a division.
' Mr. HUNT of New York, moved to lay die
latter branch of the resolution on the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON wished to know if the motion to
lay the second branch of the resolution on the table
was in order, after the first branch had been
adopted.
The SPEAKER said that it was.
Mr. HUNT withdrew his motion to lay the reso-
lution on the table; and
The question being taken on the second branch,
referring the subject to the President of the United
States, it was agreed to without a division.
tariff tables.
Mr. PAYNE submitted the following resolution,
which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to
report to this House the reasons why the informa-
tion required by the resolution offered by the Hon.
Mr. Shields of Alabama, in relation to the cost of
articles imported from foreign countries into the
United States, on the 3d of March, 1843, together
with that called for by the resolution on the same
subject offered by the Hon. R. Chapman during the
present session has not been furnished, and when it
may be cxpected.
criminal laws.
Mr. BOWLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be, and they are hereby constructed to inquire into
the expediency if so revising and remodelling the
criminal laws of the United States as are applicable
to offcnces perpetiated in the Indian country, with-
out the jurisdiction of any particular State, but
within the jurisdiction of die United States, so as to
provide adequate and proper punishments, for the
perpetration of offences upon persons or property in
said Indian county.
Mr. RELF offered the following, which was con-
sidered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of establishing a post route from Frederick-
town in the county of Madison, by the three forks
of Black river, and the county seat of Wright coun-
ty, to Springfield, in Green county, Missouri.
occupation of oregon.
Mr. HUGHES offered the following resolution,
and called for the previous queftion on it:
