May, 1844.
appendix to the congressional globe.
449
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Reannexation of Texas—Mr. Tibbatts.
H. of Repe.
eralist—a book which has always been regarded as
of the highest authority touching the intentions and
views of the framers of the constitution—Mr. Madi-
son says:
The immediate object of the federal constitution is to se-
cure the union of the thirteen primitive States, which we
know to be practicable, and to add to them such other States
as may arise in their own bosoms, orm their neighborhood—
which we cannot doubt to be equally practicable.
Thus, according to the interpretation of this _power
by Mr. Madison, the constitution provides—First:
For the union of the then existing original thirteen
States. Secondly: For the admission of new States
which might arise out of the original States; and
lastly, for the admission of such other States as
might arise in the neighborhood of the original States.
In page 216 of the Federalist, the author says:
1 lie eventual establishment of new States seems to have
been overlooked by the compilers of that instrument, (the
articles of confederation.) We have seen the inconvenience
of this omission, and the assumption of power into which
Congress has been led by it. With great propriety, there-
fore, has the new systPm supplied the defect.
How did the constitution supply the defect? The
answer is obvious: by giving to Congress the general,
unrestricted, unambiguous,and unlimited power to ad-
mit "new States into the Union. The position taken
by Mr. Webster, then, that"itis reasonable to confine
this power to States to be formed out of territory
then belonging to the United States," is not sus-
tained by the clause itself, nor by the cotemporane-
ous construction of it. In the various plans submit-
ted to the convention by Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Patter-
son, and Mr. Pinckney, this power of admitting new
States was a general and unrestricted power; and
nothing can be found in the history of the for-
mation of the constitution showing that it was in-
jended to be limited to the admission of new
States to be formed out af the territory then held by
the States. The acquisition of Louisiana and Florida;
the admission of the States of Louisiana, Missis-
sippi, Arkansas, and Missouri, into the Union, are
so many practical illustrations of the fallacy of the
doctrines contended for by Mr. Webster. Upon
what other principle could Mr. Adams, Mr. Clay,
General Jackson, and Mr. Van Buren, justify their
efforts and negotiations for tlic acquisition of Texas'
But this subject has been put beyond question, so
far as constitutional principles can ever be consid-
ered as settled by the highest judicial tribunal in the
country.
In the case of the American Insurance Company
et a I. vs. Carr, 1 Peters, the Supreme Court says:
The constitution confers absolutely on the government of
the. Union, the powers of making war and of making trea-
ties; consequently, that government possesses the power of
acquiring territory, either by conquest or treaty.
In the argument of that case, Mr. Ogden, who
was of counsel for the appellants, assumed this po-
sition:
The 3d section, 4th article of the constitution, authorizes
the admission of new States into the Union. This section of
the constitution gives to Congress a power, only limited by
their own discretion, to admit as many States as they think
proper, m what manner soever the territory composing
those new States may have been acquired.
Mr. Webster, who was of counsel for the claim-
ants, in his argument did not controvert this doc-
trine. The constitutionality of reannexation would
seem, then, to me, to be placed beyond doubt by the
express letter of the constitution itself—aided if aid
in its interpretation be at all necessary—by the arti-
cles of confederation; by the propositions in the con-
vention; by the contemporaneous expositions of
those who had the principal hand in framing the
constitution; and by the precedents and practice jn
the subsequent action of the legislative, executive,
and judicial departments of the government; by the
executive in the acquisition of Louisiana and Flor-
ida, and the repeated efiorts which have been made
to recover the province of Texas; by the legisla-
tive in the admission into the Union of the States
formed out of the Louisiann Territory; and by the
judiciary in the case 1 have just cited; and it has
been tacitly admitted by Mr. Webster himself, by
his silence on the subject in the argument of that
case. So much for the constitutional question,
which I might have spared myself the trouble of
noticing, by simply refeering to the lucid and un-
answerable argument of Mr. Van Buren, in his let-
ter of the 20th of April. Bat in the absence of any
positive provision in the constitution, winch, how-
ever, is ample, this authority would result from
another still higher powtv; the necessify of ex-
ercising which I will endeavor to show before I am
done. I mean the power of self-defence and of self-
preservation, conferred by nature on man and na-
tions—essential to the existence of all sovereignty—
a right which no man or government can lawfully
alienate or abandon. If, as I shall attempt to show,
necessity requires ^ the admission of Texas into
the Union, and if she shall be admitted under
a power clearly defined and sanctioned by
the constitution, now, or in what manner, will
it involve the integrity or perpetuity of the
Union, as some contend it will? 1 regret that
this measure has been made to depend upon a trea-
ty requiring the ratification of the Senate; because
it may be defeated, and the will of a large ma-
ority of the people of this country may be thwarted
by the representation of a minority of the people,
whose States are represented by one-third of the
Senators. i am of opinion that it ought to be sub-
mitted to the joint action of both Houses Congress.
In that case, it would require a conjunction of the
vote of a majority of the representatives of the peo-
ple, and of the representatives of a majority of the
States; and if it could get that vote, it could be ac-
complished. In the former mode, it can be defeated
by a minority of the States and of the people, by
political combination.
By the plain letter and spirit of the constitution,
the reannexation of Texas may be constitutional-
ly accomplished by the action of the executive, and
the confirmation of the Senate; or 2d, by an act or
joint resolution of Congress; or 3d, by the act of a
single State sanctioned by Congress. The second
mode Jis the one to be preferred as the most popu-
lar ana the most general.
The expediency of this measure will depend upon
several considerations having reference to its con-
sistency with the honor of our own government,
with good faith to our treaties with Mexico, and
with justice towards that government, and with its
promotion of the prosperity, happiness, and safety
of Texas and this whole Union. If the measure
does not meet all these requisitions, it ought not to
be adopted. If it does, there should be no delay in
its consummation. Whether it would be consistent
with the national honor, w>ll depend upon the con-
dition of Texas at this time, and not upon the posi-
tion it may have been in at any former period.
How do we find it? At the battle of San Jacinto, in
April, 1836, the army of Mexico was annihilated,
and their President a captive, at the mercy of the
Texans.
*'111© dolis instructus et arte Pelasga
Sustulit exutas vinclis, ad sidera palmas.'"
He, his chains stricken off by a generous enemy—
who though the recollection of the cold-blooded mur-
ders and horrible butcheries of the Alamo were fresh
within their recollections, and the spirit of revenge
burning within their bosoms—though the blood of
their butchered friends and kinsmen cried aloud
froai the reeking earth for revenge and retalia-
tion, gave him his liberty and freedom; and with
hands uplifted to heaven, he promised and pledged
himself for their independence. How this pledge
has been redeemed, an indignant world has been a
witness.
The authorities of Mexico were expelled, and
her power within the territory annihilated; an inde-
pendent government established; and now, for more
than eight years, no hostile army has set foot upon
her soil, and no war has, in fact, existed between
Mexico and Texas. Since then, Mexico has made
no efforts to recover ihe country, amounting to war.
War is defined by Vattel to be "that stafe in which
wc prosecutc cur right by force.'1 There has been,
it is true, a system of depredation and maiduding, of
border robbery and murder, prosecuted against the
frontier inhabitants of Texas, under the authority of
Mexico, which is not entitled to the appellation of a
war, but a disgrace to humanity and the n£e in
which we live; an outrage upon Christianity; a foul
stain: a corrosive blotch upon civilization, which
should long since have been put an end ro by the
interference of all Christendom, and more particu-
larly of this government, the mother of American
republics, and the cradle of American liberty. It is
time that this disgraceful procedure was terminated.
Controversies between neither men nor nations
should be perpetual. The government of Texas
has, m the mean time, remained undisturbed; and
her independence has been iecognised, not only by
this government, but by the most powerful nations
of Europe. It has, I know, always been the policy
of this government to recognise all governments
which maintain themselves in fact, without looking
into the rights of the ruling power; and I readily
agree with the so Uken, und au
clearly defined by Mr. "Van.Buren, that our recog-
nition of the independence of Texas did not,, accord-
ing to, the laws of nations, change the then existing
relations between Mexico an<l Texas; but, sir, I
contend that the independence of Texas, de facto or
de jure, does not depend upon the recognition olf this
government, or any European government, nor
upon the formal recognition of that independence
by Mexico; nor are we bound in our negotiation to
wait for such recognition; nor would the reannexa-
tion of Texas violate our treaty with Mexico. Mr.
Adams, Mr. Clay, General Jackson, nor Mr- Van
Buren, nor any eminent man, of any party, be-
lieved that it was a violation of our treaty with
Spain to negotiate with Mexico for Texas; and yet
Spain had not recognised the independence of
Mexico. The two cases are precisely in the same
category; there is no difference between them. We
endeavored to purchase Texas of Mexico in 1825,
'27, '29, '33, and '35; and yet the independence of
Mexico was not acknowledged by'Spain till De-
cember, 1836. Why, then, can we not treat with
Texas for herself, without the recognition of her in-
dependence by Mexico. I admit that it would be
better; that it would, in every way, be more desira-
ble that the independence of Texas should be ac-
knowledged by Mexico, and that the arrangement
could be made with the assent of Mexico. But,
sir, neither this assent nor recognition is necessary
to enable Texas to treat with us, or us to treat with
her lawfully. Spain did not recognise the indepen-
dence of Holland for seventy years; yet Holland
was an independent government notwithstanding,
and so considered by all the world; and so is Texas.
Mexico may never recognise that independence; in-
deed, I have shown that, owing to British influence,
she never can, if she would, without conditions
which .would be injurious to the safety and integrity
of this whole confederacy. We are not bound,
therefore, in our negotiations and action, to wait for
that recognition which may never happen, and
which, in fact, is politically impossible. No war,
in fact, exists between Mexico and Texas. Mexico
can never reconquer Texas. If this be true, Texas
is independent de facto and de jure, according to all
principles of national law, reason, and common
sense. The consideration of the existence of an ar-
mistice seems to me to be entitled to no weight.
The admission of the existence of a war, drawn
from the fact of the existence of an armistice, is
only an admission of its existence according to the
nature of the facts, which 1 have shown do not en-
title it to the character of a war. No Mexican army
has invaded Texas for more than eight yearsj no
Mexican army ever will invade it. Mexico is more
likely to be invaded a'nd conquered by Texas, than
Texas by Mexico. A merely constructive war
ought not to be regarded; it was disregarded as be-
tween Spain and Mexico in our negotiation.
But, sir, there is another consideration in regard
to the right of Mexico, which seems to me to be en-
titled to some weight. The cession of Texas by
this government was to Spain, and not to Mexico.
Mexico was then a province of Spain. The inde-
pendence of Mexico was not acknowledged by
Spain until the treaty of Madrid of the 28th Decem-
ber, 1836, and until that time, in right and law,
Texas was a province of Spain; (supposing that a
right could be transferred by this government to
Spain, without the consent of Texas and France, in
violation of the stipulations of the treaty of Loui-
siana.) But Texas had declared her own inde-
pendence prior to the 28th December, 1836; and, in.
fact, achieved it on the plains of San, Jacinto as early
as April, 1836, Mexico still being itself a province
of Spain. What legal right, then, had Mexico, at
any time, to Texas?
So much, sir, as to the considerations of the hon-
or of this government, and as to our faith towards
Mexico, and justice to that government. But, sir,
whilst so mucli has been said as to the faith of trea-
ties, 1 would ask, how was that faith preserved in
the cession of Texas to Spain? Whilst it is con-
tended that we should keep faith with Mexico—a
position which I do not controvert—I would ask if
no faith is to be observed in the obligations of our
treaty with Prance. Is the treaty of Louisiana to
be overlooked, disregarded, and trampled under foot?
Are we not hound, in honor and good faith, by the
stipulations of our treaty with France, to protect
the people of Texas, and to admit them into this
Union' By the third article of that treaty, (Laws
of the United States, 1 vol., p. 136,) it was provided
Ithat the inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be itv-
cvrpwattd in the United States, and admitted ap sqq^
(29)
