436
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved, to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the amendment was rejected, and
asked if it was a debatable question.
The CHAIR said that the question was not de-
batable.
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the House adjourn;
and the yeas and nays having been called and .or-
dered, the motion was rejected—yeas 78, nays 86.
Mr. THOMPSON remarked that the question
now pending was on the motion of the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] to reconsider; which, to-
gether with the whole subject, he now moved to lay
on the table.
Mr. WELLER, Mr. E. J. MORRIS, and oth-
ers, called for the yeas and nays; but the motion to
adjourn was renewed; and the yeas and nays were
ordered and taken thereon, and resulted thus: yeas
82, nays 79.
So tlie House agreed to adjourn.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 26, 18-14.
The PRESIDENT jm-o hm. laid before the Senate
a report from the State Department, comtoumica-
ting, in compliance with law, abstracts of returns
of American registered seamten for the year ending
30th September, 1848; which, on motion of Mr.
HUNTINGTON, was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Also, presented a preamble and resolutions pass-
ed by the legislative council of the Territory of Flo-
rida, in favor of a division of the Territory, and the
formation of two territorial governments therein;
which, on motion of Mr. KING, Was referred to the
Committee on Territories.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, it was ordered
>hat the report of the Secretary of War, made on the
iatli instant, communicating copy of the report of
B. M. Butler, agent of the United States for the
Cherokee Indians, be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro km. presented a petition
of Charles Huges, of Alabama. A revolutionary sol-
dier, praying for a pension; Which was referred to
the Committee on P<ehaions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Joseph Lynch, of Philadelphia, Pa., setting forth that
it would be greatly to the benefit of the mechanical,
manufacturing, producing, and commercial interests
"f Pennsylvania, to enlarge the home market lb? the
iron, coal, and other products of her shops and man-
ufactories; -which, it appears, can readily be done,
by the annexation of the Territory of Texas to the
United States; and praying Congress to proceed to
'to so without unnecessary delay: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also presented a memorial from the chamber of
«ommerce of Philadelphia, asking Congress to make
an appropriation for the repair of the piers at Fort
Penn, in thfc river Delaware: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also presented six memorials from different parts
of Pennsylvania, in favor of continuing the present
iimflf of duties, unless demonstrated by ascertained
fa'cts that some change iu it wad necessary: referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Also presented a petition from the president, di-
rectors and company of the Bank of Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to indemnify that institution for a
treasury note of $500, received in the course of busi-
ness, and which appears to have been one of those
stolen from the United States at New Orleans. Mr.
B. remarked that he believed there was a geneial
bill for this purpose reported in the other House: re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Also presented a petition from lVlaigaret and Ag-
nes Bigham, the heirs of Thomas Armor, deceased,
a soldier of the revolution, praying compensation
for hi.? services: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Also presented a memorial from John S. Gibons,
of the county of Lehigh, Pennsylvania, in which he
enters into some comments in favor of the present
tariff, and asking that it may not be disturbed by
new legislation: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a memorial from
J. H. Armstrong, and numerous other citizens of
Erie county, Pennsylvania, praying that the tariff of
1842 may not be repealed, unless, from ascertained
facts, it be demonstrated that such change was ne-
cessary. It represents that the workshops in that
Si'iiiion are in a prosperous condition—the effects of
the present tariff; referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Also presented a petition from Catharine Gale,
praying for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented memorials nu-
merously signed by citizens of Albany, Oswego,
Walden, Johnston, Skaneateles, and OnondagaHol-
low, New York, in favor of* the present tariff, and
remonstrating against the passage of the bill report-
ed by the Comnlittee of Ways and Means in the
House of Representatives for its modification: refer-
red to the Committee on finance.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from Patience
Brown, of Florence, in the county of Oneida, New
York, aged 83 years, the widow of Samuel Brown,
of the war of the revolution, praying that the pen-
sion which she received under the act of 1838, may
be continued to her during her natural life: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also presented a memorial of Egbert Egberts and
others, of'Cohoee, in the county of Albany, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill reported in
the House of Representatives for the modification
of the tariff of 1842: referred to the Committee on
finance:
Mr. REESE presented a memorial from M. W.
Bresly, and one hundred and eight other citizens of
Champaign county, Illinois, praying for the esta-
blishment of a mail-route from Lafayette, Indiana,
to Springfield, Illinois: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial from George
W. Strong and others, of Rutland county, Illinois,
remonstrating against the passage of the bill reported
in the House for the modification of the tariff of
1842: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from
James Banker, of Oakland county, Michigan, a sol-
dier in the two wars with England, praying a pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, presented a memorial fiom George P. Clark
and others, miners, and citizens of the State of Illi-
nois, setting forth that there are great frauds growing
out of the present arrangement in conducting the
mineral lands: referred to the Committee on Public
Lauds.
Mr. HENDERSON presented resolutions adopt-
ed by the legislature of Mississippi, instructing the
senators and requesting the representatives from that
State to use proper exertions to have the custom
hottse now located at Perlington removed to Shields-
borough, in the bay of St. Louis: referred to the
Committee On Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition and papers of
Adin Stanley, praying for an invalid pension: refer-
red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ALLEN presented resolutions adopted by
the legislature of Ohio, requesting the senators and
representatives from that State to use their influence
to procure an appropriation from the avails of the
sales of the "Wyandot Indian reserve lands, for the
construction of several railroads in the State of
Ohio: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TAPPAN said he had received a memorial,
with a request that he should present it to the Sen-
ate, (about the propriety of doing so he had some
doubts,) remonstrating against the annexation of
Texas to the United States. It was from Solomon
Sturges, and other citizens of Olno. The memo-
rialists express the opinion that the admission of
Texas would be tantamount to a proposition for the
dissolution of the Union of the States, and to in-
volve the country both in a foreign and domestic
war. Mr. T. was of the opinion that it would have
been better if the remonstrance had been sent to the
executive, instead of the Senate. But he would
ask leave to present it, and have it laid on the table;
and, if the question should come up before the
Senire, the opinion of the memorialists could be
considered.
Mr. BATES presented the proceedings of a pub-
lic meeting of the citizens of Northampton, Mass.,
without distinction of party , accompanied by a reso-
lution, remonstrating against the annexation of
Texas to the Union, and expressing the opinion
that there is no power in the constitution by which
a foreign state can be admitted into the Union with-
out the consent of all the other States, and setting
forth, in strong terms, the inexpediency of such an-
nexation: referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, made an 'adverse report on the
petition of the heirs of John Houston, a surgeon in
the army of the revolution, for services in that ca-
pacity; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed. .
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to Which had been referred memorials of the legis-
latures of the States, and from the inhabitants of
Ohio, and various other States, praying for an ex-
tension of the act of 1842, providing for the surviv-
ing widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers,
reported a bill concerning pensions to certain widows;
the purpose of which was to prolong the act of
last session (which granted a pension for one year)
four years more—making the grant of a pension
five years in all: read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which had been referred House bill for
relief of Thomas Hunter and Alexander Caldwell,
reported it back without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of William Rich; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading, and, with
the report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Also, from the Committee on Patents and the
Patent OfUce, reported a bill for the relief of the
representatives of Wm. Emmons; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Several adverse reports of standing committees on
private claims were taken up and concurred in by
the Senate.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, it was ordered that
1,500 extra copies of the report of the Commission-
er of Patents be printed for the use of the Senate.
The bill for the relief of James M. Mcintosh, a
commander in the United States Navy, was taken
up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. PEARCE explained that the bill allowed
$2,500 per annum during the time this officer was
flag captain of a squadron, made so by the com-
mand of Commodore Dallas.
After a few remarks by Messrs. WRIGHT and
WOODBURY, the bill was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill to amend the act entitled "An act to es-
tablish the northern boundary line of the State of
Ohio, and to provide for the admission of the State
of Michigan into the Union, on the conditions there-
in expressed," approved June 15, 1836, was taken
up as in committee of the whole, considered, re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the bill which had
been reported from the Committee on Military Al-
lans, for the relief of Mark Simpson, was taken up
and recommitted to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. AtOREHEAD, the vote of the
Senate concurring m the adverse report of the Com -
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, in the case of the
heirs of Thomas Nelson, was reconsidered, and the
was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. APi-CHER, leave was granted
to take from the files the petition of the heirs of Col.
William Grayson.
THE COMPROMISE ACT THE TARIFF.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the resolution reported from the
Finance Committee, fox- the indefinite postponement
of the bill introduced by Mr. McDuffie for the re-
duction of the rate of duties under the present tariff
to the standard of the compromise act.
Mr. BENTON resumed, in continuation of his
remarks of yesterday. He said:
3. I proceed, Mr. President, to my third assertion,
which applies to manufactures, and asserts their
prosperity before the late war, and before the pro-
tective system was invented. It is a great mistake
to suppose that they have grown up under that sys-
tem: they were well established, and flourishing be-
fore that system wtts dreamed of; and of this I have
the higest evidence in my hand.
It is known that the Congress of the United States
directed the census returns of the year 1810 to in-
clude the state of our manufactures, and that these
returns, though very imperfect, from the fear which
many people had that a scheme of ulterior taxation
was intended, still showed that this branch of our
national industry had attained a high degree of im-
portance. The aggregate of the returns, palpably,
defective as they were, amounted to one hundred
and twenty-seven millions of dollars, and were
computed at near two hundred millions. The total
omission of returns from many places, and the im-
perfect returns from others, induced Congress to
