450
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Reannexation of Texas-—Mr. Tibbatts.
H. of Bepg.
as possible, according to the principles of the fed-
eral constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights,
advantages, and immunities of citizens of the Uni-
ted States; andy in the mean time, they shall he main-
tained and protected in the free enjoyment of their lib-
erty, property, and the religion which< they profess."
By tf lis treaty stipulation, we were most solemnly
bound to admit Texas into the Union. Yet, in the
face of this treaty, we violated our faith, and traded
it off to Spain. The cession of Texas to Spain,
without the consent of the people of Texas, was a
breach of faith with France, and a violation of the
rights of the people of Texas, and, so far as they
were concerned, was null and void. There is no
plainer principle in the law of nations. Vattel (p.
196, see. 165) lays down the law of nations ex-
pressly to be, that "A sovereign already bound by
a treaty cannot enter into others sontrary to the first.
The things respecting which he has entered into en-
gagements are no longer at his disposal. If it hap-
pens that a posterior treaty be found, in any partic-
ular point, to clash with one of more ancient date,
the new treaty is null and void with respect to that
point, inasmuch as it tends to dispose of a thing
that is no longer in the power of him who appears
to dispose of it." Texas, then, has a right, by the
treaty of Louisiana, to admission into this Union.
By admitting her, we will, instead of violating the
faith of treaties, restore a faith already violated, and
cure our wounded honor: instead of breaking it, we
will restore the broken faith of our treaty with
France. Let us, then, admit Texas, restore our an-
cient boundaries, and preserve the faith of our treaty
with France.
Sir, I would violate none of these treaties: I would
keep faith -with Mexico; I would keep faith with
France; 1 would keep faith with and do justice to
Texas. Texas asks this act of justice at our hands,
and has asked it since the battle of San Jacinto.
Can we deny it to her? If we could, ought we to
do it' Though Mexico can never reconquer Texas,
Texas itself cannot stand alone. If we refuse to
admit her back into the Union—if she be driven
from our doors when she is asking for admission—
if she be repudiated by her own race and her own
kinsmen,—she will be compelled to throw herself
into the meretricious embraces of Great Britain, un-
dei circumstances, and bound by ties and obligations
of treaties, of such a character as must reflect dis-
honor upon ns—as must entail upon her and upon
us the most disastrous consequences. Any attempt
on the part of England to obtain possession of any
part of Texas, or to secure a commanding control
or influence over her councils, would be a just cause
of war on the part of the United States, and would
inevitably lead to that result. The interests of this
country must be materially affected by any great
change in the policy of Texas; and we are bound,
by motives of self-preservation, to interfere te pre-
vent it. On our northern boundary we have a Brit-
ish colony: is there any true American who would
be willing to see another on our southern? For
Texas there is but this alternative: she must either
become a part and parcel of this Union, or she must
place herself under the protection of Great Britain.
Contiguous to us in geographical position; having
the same commercial interests; producing the same
staples; peopled principally by emigrants from
this country; inhabited by people of the same
blood; children of the same mother; bone of our
bone and flesh of our flesh; speaking the same lan-
guage; professing the same religion, and worship-
ping the same God; attached to us by every natural
affinity; cherishing the same indomitable spirit of
freedom; animated by the same love of liberty; en-
tertaining the same ideas of government; identified
with us by every congenial tie, personal and politi-
cal; like Joseph of old, sold by us, their brethren,
into slavery,—they have thrown off their shackles;
they have worked out their redemption; they have,
in well-fought fields of battle, crowned themselves
•with glory, vindicated their rights, won back their
liberties, and achieved their independence. They
now anxiously ask us to receive them back to our
arms, from which we have unnaturally thrust them.
Shall'we refuse them? Can we refuse tliem? No,
sir. It is impossible that they can relapse into
Mexican vassalage. We can never suffer England
to hold dominion over them in factor through her
diplomacy. By the reannexation of Texas, this
matter will be peaceably settled; we can then nego-
tiate with Mexico for an amicable adjustment, and
v.e will succeed in it. Then, no foreign power will
interfere; England will not dare to interfere. What
right would England have to interfere, or to inter-
pose obstacles to an amicable adjustment between
this government and Mexico? England, with all
her grasping ambition, with all her arrogance of su-
preme power upon the seas, with all her thirsting
lust after dominion upon the land—will never dare
to do this thing. Never! sir, never! This govern-
ment has always, and will ever protest against it,
and resent every species of foreign interference
in the relations between us and the other re-
publics on this continent. Such an interference
must lead to war—inevitable war; and however
touch I would deprecate a war between this coun-
try and England, or any other country, (because war
should always be avoided, if it can be done with
safety and without dishonor,) yet, sir, if it is to be
avoided with England by yielding up the rights of
the Texans, and by a j st action on our part for the
promotion of our own interests and the integrity of
this nation—if it is to be shunned by a tame submis-
sion to foreign interference in our relations with the
American republics, and in our social institutions—
I say, sir, let it come. But, sir, there need be no
apprehension of a war with England; she is the last
country on earth to seek a war with this nation, to
enforce an unjust interference in American relations.
The first blast of her war-trumpet, with such an ob-
ject, on this continent, would be the death-knell of
her power; it would end in the loss of her colonies,
the dismemberment of her empire abroad, and revo-
lution at home. "Her linked plsts will be riven,
disdained by earth, and accursed by heaven."
The argument against reannexation, used by Mr.
Clay, resulting from an apprehension of war with
Great Britain, I fear, with too many, would be but an
argument in favor of the measure; there is a grow-
ing desire for a war with many of our people—with
the young, from a want of excitement and employ-
ment, ana a desire of adventure; and with some of
the old, and of the best patriots left in the land, from a
conviction that politicians are becoming corrupt;
that selfish ambition has taken the place of true pa-
triotism; that the good of the country is forgotten
in party strifes and party management; that we want
a war to blow off the chaff, and sift out the true pa-
triots; and they do not care how soon it comes.
The value of Texas—a count ly so rich in the
fertility of its soil—so intimately connected with
this country by its rivers and outlets, and other
natural relations—so necessary to the protection
and defence, and as a key to the great pass to the
settlement of our Territory of Oregon—so essential
to the safety of New Orleans, the great mart of our
western and southern commercc, and to the man-
time command of the Gulf of Mexico, which Eng-
lishmen already have boasted in Parliament be-
longs to them, and declare must be maintained by
them,—cannot be estimated. It will open a vast
market for the agricultural productions and manu-
factures of the West and of the East, protected
from foreign competition. It will secure to us the
control of the great staple of cotton, for which
England is dependent upon us, and by which she
saves her toiling millions from starvation, and, by
giving them employment, prevents them from re-
bellion against her oppressive system of taxation.
It will be greatly to the interest of the commercial
enterprise of the Northern States, and of New Eng-
land in particular, and of the manufacturing and
agricultural districts of this country, and may put
an end to this great bone of contention—the tariff—
by opening to us an almost unlimited home market
for our manufactures. Indeed, there is not an in-
terest in the whole country which will not receive
its advantages from it. In a military point of view,
and with a view to the protection of our commerce
111 the Gulf of Mexico, it is a subject not only es-
sential and vital to the western country, but of the
most interesting importance to the East and the
North. It would settle many difficult and embar-
rassing questions. It would place all the Indian
tribes which swarm upon our western borders un-
der our immediate control. It will extend the prin-
ciples of civil liberty, for they march pari passu
with the migrations of the Anglo-Saxon race.
Above all, it will be favorable to the quieting of a
question of the deepest interest to this country and
to the world—a question which is infusing the gall
of bitterness into the feelings between different por-
tions of our happy confederacy, enkindling a spirit
of hatred and feelings of revenge m our bosoms
which threatens to rend the very vitals of our glo-
rious country, and cause the downfall of our po-
litical institutions, the dismemberment of the Union,
anil the destruction of the last hope of human lib-
1 erty. Sir, it will be favorable to the gradual, peace-
able, and constitutional abolition of slavery on this
continent,, in a manner pointed out by the Almighty
Creator of the universe, and which he will work
out in his own way. I am one of those, Mr. Chair-
man, who believe in a superintending Providence,
to whose divine influence is to be attributed the
saving of this great republic from destruction at
several epochs in our national history, when its
safety seemed to be beyond the control of human
power. It seems to me that I see the hand of God,
and the direction of his wisdom, in the pilgrimage
of the African race from their own dark and be-
nighted land, through the (to them) strange nations
and uncongenial climates of Europe and America,
among people their superiors by nature, more
skilled in the arts, more improved in the sciences,
more advanced in civilization, and more learned in
the principles of liberty and free government.
The African race will be carried along in this
pilgrimage by the interests of mankind, and
by the laws of trade, gradually improved, cul-
tivated, christianized, regenerated, and converted
into beings of a different nature. They will
gradually recede from the North, which is uncon-
genial to their natures. They will be pushed and
crowded on by the tide of emigration of the white
races of Europe, now flooding this country with a
hardy and industrious population in search of lib-
erty, and seeking freedom from the oppressions of
the old world. They will flow peacefully in an in-
creasing stream along the Misssissippi, the great
father of waters, and through this very land of
Texas, until they end their pilgrimage on the shores
of the Gulf, and in a climate congenial to their na-
ture, and become blended with the mixed popula-
tion of Mexico. Who is there that will object, if all
of this unfortunate race shall thus gradually and
peaceably finally be withdrawn from our republic?
Who will set himself up to oppose the decrees of
the Almighty? Surely none in the North, for it
will accomplish what they propose to effect. Cer-
tainly none in the South, for the love of liberty
burns as purely, and the friends of liberty are as earn-
est and ardent, there as in the North. Nor will it
have the effect to weaken the southern States either
in population or in wealth; on the contrary, it will
improve the one and increase the other. The val-
ue of our slaves will be left behind in money or other
wealth, and our country will be filled by an honest
hardy, and industrious population of whites, who
are now crowding our shores, and whom I, for
one, welcome to our land. They will bring with
them their wealth and a love of liberty the more
ardent from having suffered under the iron rule of
oppression. The southern States will be greatly
the gainers, and will not object to this gradual and
natural change in the condition of their population.
The North will be satisfied with it, and thus a diffi-
culty be avoided and a question settled which now
threatens the most serious consequences. The
North, too, will be cleared ot a degraded and wretch-
ed population with which they were now infested,
crowding their hospitals and jails, and with which
their large cittes will be overrun. I am aware, sir,
that, by some, it is declared that the reannexation of
Texas will be inevitably a dissolution of the Union,
and that such a consequence is threatened. The
same absurd declarations and intemperate threats
were made with regard to the acquisition of Louis-
iana; but they were not regarded then, nor ought
they, nor will they, be regarded now. How can
that destroy the integrity and dissolve the bonds of
this Union, which is accomplished in the manner
and mode pointed out in the great charter of our
liberties—the constitution itself, by which the Union
is held together'—yes, sir, held together by ties of
the most indissoluble character. There is no dan-
ger, sir, of a dissolution of this Union. I regret,
sir, that dissolution is a thing often lightly talked of
at the present day, in some quarters, on the mast
trivial occasions. But, sir, it will never be accom-
plished by the plots of fanatics and traitors. We
are united together indissolubly by a system of
equal rights and privileges—by a common blood—
by the ties of kindred—by the necessity of a com-
mon defence—by common interests. The simple
fact that ro State can better its condition, and that
any State must put itself into an infinitely worse
one, both in regard to its foreign and domestic rela-
tions, by a separation from the Union, will prevent
it in all time to come.
It is objected, that our country is already too
large, and that to extend it further would result m
its severance. The same prediction was made at
the acquisition of Louisiana; but the prophecy ha?
