May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
451
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Reannexaiion of Texas—Mr. McDujjie.
Senate.
met with a signal failure. This position is not en-
titled to the weight of a feather against reannexa-
tion. The extent of territory is an argument in
favor and not against the measure. The experi-
ence of the past has demonstrated that our system
of confederated States is capable of any degree of
extension, which will be sufficiently near to afford
time to the most distant representatives to attend
the sittings of the national Congress; which, owing
to the improvements in navigation and the increased
facilities for travelling, will be conveniently done
from the most distant part of the republic. The
extension of our territory has augmented, and will
continue to augment, the resources of our govern-
ment in an eminent degree; to strengthen its power
at home, and to increase its respectability and stand-
ing abroad; to prevent consolidation on the one
hand and disunion on the other. Every particular
State is confident of its strength, because its strength
is that of the whole; and having no fears or apprehen-
sions from abroad, it is more competent to direct a
wise legislation to promote the interests, to protect
the civil liberty, to improve the domestic relations,
and to secure the happiness of its people at home.
Has our government been weakened? On the contra-
ry, has it not been strengthened in every point of
view, by the purchase of Louisiana, and by the ad-
dition of new States? The addition of every new
State has added strength to the Union. Are the
twenty-six States weaker than the original thirteen
States were? On the contrary, are they not infinitely
stronger? Are the new States less devoted to the
Union, less anxious for its preservation, than the
original States? Do you ever hear from the new
States these threats of disunion? No, sir; these
threats proceed from the oldest, and once the most
patriotic States of the confederacy. No, sir! the
new States are distinguished for their love for, and
devotion to, the Union; and any hint looking to its
dissolution fills our hearts in the "West with sadness
and grief. We will be ever ready to defend, with our
treasure and blood, the integrity of the Union
Among our patriotic young men, a heroic Curtius
will never be wanting to plunge into the chasm, to
devote himself for the safety of his country, and
perish for the preservation of the Union. The argu-
ments against the extension of our territory, drawn
from the history and downfall of ancient empires and
republics, are in no way applicable to the institutions
of this country, or the extension which we propose
to make by the reannexation of Texas. The an-
cient republics and empires extended their dominions
over other nations of different languages, customs,
religions, and interests, by conquest and the sword—
nations which they ruled with the iron rod of a
military despotism and reduced to slavery, to grace
the triumphs, and burdened with exactions and taxa-
tions to support the glory and splendor, of their con-
querors and oppressors; we, on the contrary, propose
to take into a Union of equal political rights, our
brethren and kinsmen of the same political opinions,
having the same interests, the same laws, the same
customs and religion.
I conclude then, sir, that the reannexation of
Texas will do no injustice to Mexico; that it is re-
quired by a fidelity to the stipulations of the treaty
of Paris; that it is required by the guaranties of
the constitution, by humanity to our friends, rela-
tions, acquaintances, and countrymen in Texas.
Justice to the people of Texas demands it; the secu-
rityand the prosperity of this whole Union demand
it.
REMARKS OF MR. McDUFFIE,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
In Senate, Mity, 1844—On the resolution to publish
Col. Benton's speech, and all others made in se-
cret session of the Senate, on the Texas treaty.
Mr. McDUFFIE said:
If this were a question, Mr. President, having ex-
clusive reference to the several branches of our own
government, and their relations and responsibilities
to the people of the United States, I should not only
vote for the proposed resolution, but should myself
propose to discuss this great national question with
open doors. Viewing it, however, in its other im-
portant aspects, as involving our relations not only
with Texas and Mexico, but, as the honorable sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Bf.xton] would make it,
with Great Britain also, I feel myself constrained,
by every consideration of prudence and propriety, to
vote against the proposition.
I sec nothing in the peculiar circumstances of this
case to induce the Senate to depart from its long-
established usages, but much in the speech of the
honorable senator which it is now proposed to pub-
lish, to induce a rigid adherence to these usages; for
I must be permitted to say, though X am sure the
honorable senator did not go intend it, that if it had
been his studied purpose to rouse up in Great Brit-
ain a spirit of deep resentment for the supposed in-
dignity offered to that country, in the person of the
Minister of Foreign Affairs, by our Secretary of
State, he could not have made a speech better adapt-
ed to the accomplishment of such a purpose.
The honorable senator, who has for several years
made himself conspicuous for denouncing the grasp-
ing ambition of Great Britain, and her schemes of
territorial acquisition and aggrandizement, now re-
gards the insult offered by Mr. Calhoun to Lord
Aberdeen as so flagrant as to demand, even at his
hands, a iabored vindication of his lordship. If I
have correctly understood the senator, he alleges
that the Secretary of State has questioned the vera-
city of the British Minister of Foreign Affairs in the
Jette s he has written to Mr. Pakenham, in reply
to the formal disclaimer made by that minister of
any occult design to interfere with the domestic in-
stitutions of Texas or of the United States, by any
improper means.
Now, sir, T venture to assert, as I shall proceed
to demonstrate, that this assumed indignity, sup-
posed by the senator from Missouri to have been
offered by the American Secretary of State to the
British Minister of Foreign Affairs, is not only
without the shadow of foundation, but is clearly
contradicted by the correspondence of the Secretary
with Mr. Pakenham. So far from alleging or in-
sinuating the slightest imputation against the veraci-
ty or candor of Lord Aberdeen, the Secretary dis-
tinctly disclaims that this government regards the
declaration, openly and frankly made by his lord-
ship, as furnishing full and ample justification
to the government of the United States on adopting
the precautionary measure of annexation—a mea-
sure taken in no unfriendly spirit towards Great
Britain, but for the purpose of guarding the domes-
tic institutions of several of the States of our Union
against the dangers to which they would be exposed
if the result so much desired by Great Britain be
consummated. Now, let us see what is the declara-
tion of Lord Aberdeen as to the wishes of Great
Britain, in regard not only to Texas, but to the
whole world. Great Britain, says his lordship,
"desires, and is constantly exerting herself to pro-
cure, the general abolition of slavery all over the
world." And he proceeds to say distinctly, "with
regard to Texas, we avow that we wish to see
slavery abolished there, as elsewhere; and would re-
joice if the recognition of that country, by the Mex-
ican government, should be accompanied; by an en-
gagement on the part of Texas to abolish slavery
eventually, and under proper conditions, throughout
the republic.
Now, Mr. President, what higher evidence can
the senator from Missouri want, that Great Britain
is "constantly exerting her influence to procure the
abolition of slavery" in Texas and the United States,
(for both of these are included in "the world," if I
remember my geography,) than the solemn and of-
ficial declaration of her Minister of Foreign Affairs?
And by what strange process of reasoning does the
senator (so suddenly converted into the eulogist and
defender of that minister in the American Senate)
draw the conclusion that his veracity is impeached
by our Secrotnry of State, in admitting the truth and
"frankness" af that declaration, nnd repressing- h's
regret at the views it discloses of the policy and
purposes of the British government? Sir, if it were
necessary to show the sincere desire of the Secretary
of State to perpetuate the relations of amity and
good will between tins country and Great Britain,
(and the occasion will justify mem adding, his high
respect for the present British ministry,) the proof
will be found in his speeches delivered m this cham-
ber within the hist three years, standing, as they do,
in striking contiast with those of the senator from
Missouri.
But the senator seems to think that the disclaimer
of all intention to use "improper means," on the pait
of the British government, ought to be entirely sat-
isfactory to ours. Now, I must here inform the
senator that these very means which Lord Aberdeen
frankly avows, and of course regards as proper, are
the means which are best calculated to produce the
evil we deprecate, and seek to avert, by the annex-
ation of Texas.
We never dreaiJKd that £reat Britain
employ force to procure the abolition of slavery, of
that she would attempt to stir up a servile war by
any secret or sinister agency, or by any other
means. It is her influence, her counsels, her diplo-
macy, constantly exerted, as her minister frankly
and openly avows, that our government is solemnly
and constitutionally bound to counteract by simijar
means. The senator gravely asserts that our gov-
ernment has proceeded in this important matter
upon the disclosures made in a letter written from
London by General Green. Has the senator for-
gotten the conversation which took place in the.
House of Lords between Lord Brougham and Lord
Aberdeen? That conversation, and the conversa-
tion of Lord Aberdeen with Mr. Everett, furnished
ample evidence that Great Britain was "exerting
herself," by her diplomacy, to induce Mexico to
make the abolition of slavery in Texas a condition
of the recognition of the independence of the latter.
And when all this is confirmed, to the very letter,
by Lord Aberdeen's declarations, and. when the
Secretary of State has distinctly informed that
minister that while the President appreciated the
frankness of that declaration, he regards its avowals
as an ample justification of the course he has pur-
sued in regard to the annexation of Texas, I cannot
conceive for what purpose General Green is intro-
duced into this drama, and the statements contained
in his letter of what a member of the abolition
committee falsely imputed to Lord Aberdeen.
But the senator seems to suppose that slavery
cannot be abolished m Texas by any other means,
at the command of Great Britain, but her military
power; unless, indeed, she can procure the sen-ices
of a magician and his rod as a substitute for Lord
Wellington and his large army. Sir, the honorable
senator is well read in history, and he cannot be ig-
norant of the grounds upon which Great Britain-'
and the other great monarchies of Europe declared
war against the French republic—a war which, un-
der its various phases, covered the continent of
Europe with blood and desolation for a quarter of a
century. That republic had not made or threat-
ened a war of arms against the monarchs of
Europe, but openly proclaimed fraternity to their
subjects, "frankly" avowed their "desire" to see
hereditary thrones overthrown, and the people
emancipated all over the world; and that all the
governments of the world should be conformed to
the French standard of "republican equality and
the rights of man."
Now, sir, although the misguided enthusiasts of
France, who would have been much more profita-
bly employed in attending to their own business,
confined themselves strictly to those means of ex-
ample, counsel, and advice, which could alone act
upon the public ^opinion of Europe, yet the mon-
archs of that portion of the world felt that even he-
reditary thrones can only rest in security vipon
that foundation. When, therefore, the French re-
public caused these thrones to tremble on their
bases, in their attempt to propagate their wild and
visionary schemes of universal emancipation, the
great monarchies of Europe felt it to be their right
and duty to counteract these dangerous and revolu-
tionary movements, not by "similar means," but by
open war.
Now, sir, with these great historical facts staring
him in the face, is it for the honorable senator from
Missouri, who represents a slaveholding and a west-
ern State, to hold out the idea that our govern-
ment has given cause of grave and outrageous of-
fence to Great Britain, by making a treaty of annex-
ation with Texas, wh the avowed view of counter-
acting the influence not only of example in the neigh-
boring islands of the West Indies, but of that
"counsel and advice" which she "is constantly ex-
erting" by her diplomacy? And I beg to know,
Mr. President, whether the senator means to be un-
derstood as affirming—-what his speech would seem
to imply—that Great Britain has any right to inter-
fere in'this question of annexation. If he does,
then I would be glad to know upon what principle
of international law such a right, is founded? It
would be a much sounder exposition of that law to
say that such an interference on the part of Great
Britain would be an offensive "assumption of au-
thority" both to the United States and Texas.
The speech of the honorable senator is not less
calculated to excite Mexico to make war against
the United States, than to excite unfriendly feelings
towards us in the government of Great Britain. He
has exhausted his full magazine of epithets in por-
(raying the faithless 9Utrage which he alleges this
