April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps.
Sir, this report from the Register of the Treasury,
silenced forever the senatorial thunder to the tune of
thirty millions, against the late administration of
Mr. Van Buren; and no member of the Senate, from
that day to this, has charged the existence of a debt
on the 3d of March, 1841, exceeding $8,379,059 81.
What a practical commentary is this upon the ac-
curacy of the report of Mr. Secretary Ewing; and
how much stronger is the commentary upon the wis-
dom of those who, still adhering to the exploded er-
rors of that report, continue to charge the existence
of a defcit of thirty millions on the 3d of March,
1841!
But, sir, let us look a little further into this mat-
ter. Of what items was this debt of eight millions
three hundred and seventy-nine thousand fifty-nine
dollars and eighty-one cents composed? What part
of it was contracted and left unpaid by Mr. Van
Buren's administration? The debt of this District,
assumed by the government, under the administra-
tion of President Jackson, amounts to §1,440,000 00
The funded revolutionary debt, prin-
cipal, and interest - 296,280 74
The unfunded debt, registered certifi-
cates, old treasury notes, and Mis-
sissippi certificates, are debts of the
war of 1812, and amount to - 35,417 53
Deduct this sum of - - $1,771,698 27
from the debt due on the 3d of March, 1841, and it
leaves a debt contracted by Mr.Van Buren's admin-
istration, and left unpaid of §6,607,361; and for that
sum only is his administration chargeable. A
further reduction from the debt created, and left un-
paid by the late administration, might justly be
made for treasury notes redeemed at the time this
report was made, but not returned to the treasury;
this, and the admitted error of about half a mil-
lion in the Secretary's report, would reduce the
actual debt of Mr. Van Buren's administration, to
between five and six millions of dollars. But 1 lake
no account of this. The debt due by the nation on
the 3d of March, 1841, was, as is stated in the re-
port of the Register of the Treasury, §8,379,059 81;
and not as (assumed by the gentlemen from North
Carolina and Pennsylvania) thirty millions of dol-
lars.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,]
more scrupulous than the rest, I understand now ad-
mits the debt of the late administration to be the
amount stated in the report of the Register of the
Treasury. This is a most important admission;
and t claim for it the fixed attention of the country.
Because it not only pronounces a solemn confirma-
tion of the inaccuracy of Secretary E wing's report,
upon the financSs at the 1st session of the 27tli
Congress, but contradicts, and in its 'moral effect
condemns, the stereotyped falsehood of the exist-
ence of a national debt of thirty millions on the 3d
of March, 1841.
But the zeal of the honorable member from Ken-
tucky to criminate the late administration, has in-
duced him to make another charge against Mr. Van
Buren, which he has neither handled with his ac-
customed fairness, or usual ability—viz: profligacy
and extravagance in the administration of public af-
fairs.
Sir, the gentleman from Kentucky has offered no
evidence, cither as proof, or in argument, to sustain
this charge. True it is, he has referred to the an-
nual expenditures of that administration, and the
aggregate is great; but before you pronounce judg-
ment m the case, you must examine and understand
the nature and exigencies of the public service, and
the object for which the public treasure was ex-
pended. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Duncan]
opened this investigation the other day; and without
speaking specifically as to each particular item, I re-
member he demonstrated, most conclusively, that
the ordinary expenditures of Mr. Van Buren's ad-
ministration were less than those of the prece-
ding, and infinitely less than those of the succeeding
administration. But the extraordinary expenditures
were considerably greater. Among these may be
numbered the erection of the post office building, a
very costly, but, at the same time, magnificent spe-
cimen of architecture; the Patent Office, the Black
Hawk, Creek, and Seminole wars; the removal of
Indian tribes, west of the Mississippi. All of these
were heavy items of expenditure, amounting to a
vast sum of money, with which neither the previous,
nor subsequent administrations have been bur-
dened. Those extraordinary expenditures greatly
augmented the aggregate amount expended by the
late administration. But who will say that those
expenditures were not necessary; and, if necessary,
what honest man can object to them? Deduct the
extraordinary from the aggregate expenditures of Mr.
Van Buren's administration, and it will be found, as
before stated, that the ordinary expenditures were
less than either of the administrations between
which it stands. Nothing is easier than to hurl the
thunders of condemnation against any administra-
tion for extravagance; but unless the charge be
true, nothing is more impotent than such condemna-
tion. In this day of enlightened wisdom, the people
know that true economy consists, not in holding
the purse-strings of the nation with a miser's grasp,
but in a judicious application of the public money to
the exigencies of the public service.
If the gentleman from Kentucky expects to con
demn the late administration for its extravagance,
he must go to work in the proper way. He must
point out the particular appropriations and expendi-
tures which were extravagant or improper, if there
be any such. If he will do this, the American peo-
ple will unite with him in a condemnation of that
administration; but if he prefers to let the charge
rest upon his simple ipse dixit, without, or unsus-
tained by, proof, he must not be disappointed if the
people pronounce a verdict of acquittal, or enter a
nolle prosequi upon each of the counts in his indict-
ment.
Mr. Chairman, 1 am persuaded there is an error
in the public mind with regard to the power of the
President over the expenditures of the public money.
By the constitution of the United States, Congress
is invested with the sole power of appropriating
money. Not one dollar can be drawn from the
treasury except under an appropriation, made by
law. The President is merely an executive officer,
whose duty it is to see the laws faithfully executed.
This duty he is sworn to perform. If, then, Con-
gress pass laws requiring money in their execution,
and appropriate the necessary means, how can the
President fail to expend the money, without a vio-
lation of his official oath' Who, then, is responsible
for extravagant expenditures, if they really exist—
the appropriating or executive power? All reason-
able men must say the former, and that blame can-
not attach to the latter.
What are the facts, as they existed under the late
administration of Mr. Van Buren? We find that
during the four years of that administration, Con-
gress appropriated thirty millions of dollars more
than teas asked for by the executive and heads of
departments. Could the President help this? He
could not. The expenditure was consequently forced
upon him against his will. Who voted for those ap-
propriations? The entire body of the federal repre-
sentatives, with enough of the republican members
to carry the appropriations. If those appropriations
were extravagant, Congress, and not the executive,
was to blame; and the people will hold those who
voted for them to a just (and not party) responsibil-
ity.
Here, sir, I rest this part of my defence, with an
abiding confidence that the American people will do
justice in the premises.
Mr. Chairman, I propose now to notice a charge
made by the gentleman from North Carolina £Mr.
Ci-ingman] against the republican party. That gen-
tleman has adopted a sentence used by Mr.
Calhoun years ago, when, by peculiar circumstances,
he was forced to take ground against the republican
party—viz: that we "were held together by the
cohesive power of the public spoils." What was the
motive in bringing this sentence so prominently be-
fore the public? Does the gentleman expect to excite
prejudices with the democracy of the country against
that illustrious man? If so, he will be mistaken.
When Mr. Calhoun and the republican party were
arrayed against each other, it was an open, manly,
and civilized warfare. When reconcileation was
produced, it was mutual, generous, and sincere; no
deadly hatred or malignant revenge was concealed
beneath the smiling visage of either; and when the
gentleman makes those appeals, I can only account
for them in the fact, that, from an intimate knowl-
edge of the feelings which dwell in the bosom of his
own friends, he has formed too low an estimate of
human nature, as developed m the character of the
republican party. Sir, I believe 1 hazard nothing
in declaring that there is not a republican in the na-
tion, no matter in what latitude fortune may have
cast his destiny, who does not feel proud of Mr.
Calhoun as an American citizen—a statesman, not
a politician. And, sir, with the many thousands
who visit this city annually, the first inquiry al-
ways is, "Where is Mr. Calhoun?" And when pre-
sented, they read at once upon his elevated brow,
in characters inscribed by nature's pen, a mind un-
corrupted by ambition, ineorruptible by power;
and, from a more intimate acquaintance with him,
all admit his soul is the temple of liberty. Against
such a man, no matter what may have been his
temporary aberrations, the gentleman from North
Carolina can excite no prejudice with the republi-
can party. Failing in this attempt, it may have
been the'object of the gentleman to decoy the friends
of Mr. Calhoun into the support of Mr. Clay. Sup-
pose he should succeed: what would the friends of
Mr. Calhoun gain? Not even "the thirty pieces of
silver"—the established price of treachery from the
days of Joseph's childhood down to the present
hour. But what would they lose by such a pro-
ceeding? The respect and confidence of all honest
men of every party; and moreover, they would be-
tray every principle for which they have contended,
from the hour they left their baptismal fount down
to the present moment. Then, sir, no matter what
may have been the motivies of the gentleman, he
must singularly fail in his fruitless endeavors to ex-
cite division in the ranks of the republican party.
What are the proofs urged by the gentleman that
the republican party are "held together by the co-
hesive power of the public spoils?"
1'. That we are divided upon the subject of a pro-
tective tariff. It is true, sir, that upon the passage
of the tariff bill of 1842, we were divided to some
extent. In the House of Representatives there
were nineteen Democrats, out two hundred and for-
ty-two members, who voted for that bill; and in the
Senate there were three democrats out of fifty-*wo
members (assuming the Senate to be full) who
voted for it; but with an express avowal, in al-
most every instance, of a disapproval of the bill, and.
a solemn promise to modify the rates of duty at the
earliest practicable period. It remains to be seen
whether those pledges will be executed in good
faith. Be that as it may, it will not prove the posi-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina. Nor
will I permit myself to doubt the sincerity of those
gentlemen in advance.
If I understand any thing of the fundamental
creed of the democratic party, it maybe expressed
in a very few words, viz: perfect equality m all civil
and political rights between citizens, monopolies to none.
And it will be perceived, if this principle is permitted
to cut clear through, that banks, with their corrupt-
ing influences ana exclusive privileges, and a pro-
tective tariff, with its monopoly, will be excluded.
From the weakness attendant upon humanity, and
the commanding influence of local and sectional in-
terest, it is not to be expected that entire unanimity
can exist with any party in carrying into practice
these principles. But I am persuaded tha' no di-
vision exists in the republican franks, to an extent
which could shake, or render the principles already
stated doubtful, before the country. Hence the
gentleman must look elsewhere to sustain the charge
he has made against the democratic party.
2. The gentleman says that the democratic, party
is divided upon the subject of abolition, or upon the
proper disposition to be made of abolition petitions.
Admitting this to be the fact, for the moment, and
it does not prove that the democratic party "is held
together by the cohesive power of the public spoils."
All that it does prove is, that the democratic party
is divided upon this particular question. It is true,
sir, that some of our northern friends differ with us
as to the propriety of refusing to receive abolition
petitions; but I have yet to learn that there is an
avowed abolitionist upon this floor belonging to th®
democratic party. 1 am compelled to admit there
are two or three whom I believe to be abolitionists;
and, if my counsels could prevail, they should no
longer be recognised as members of the party.
Suppose the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clixgman] should succeed in proving to die coun-
try that all who voted against laying the report of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
upon the table were abolitionists: he would then
prove himself an abolitionist. Who was it, at the
beginning of this session, with a pragmatical inter-
ference, volunteered his advice (for which he was
not thanked) to the northern democrats to abandon
the ground heretofore occupied by them in regard to
the 21st rule, and appealed to southern members not'
to force their friends in the north to occupy a posi-
tion exposed to the fire of the abolitionists, befoie
which their numbers were daily diminishing? It
was the gentleman himself. To whom was it the
democracy of the North appealed, saying they had
heretofore stood firmly by,southern men upon iUe
