454
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr* JPayne.
H. of Reps.
subject of abolition, and would do so still, if the
South would present an undivided front upon the
question? It was to the gentleman from North Car-
olina. Who disregarded this appeal, and used the
most active exertions to defeat every effort made by
the friends of the 21st rule to settle thia agitating ques-
tion? It was the gentleman from North Carolina.
How, then, are we to judge of the sincerity of a party,
the leading members of which charge as a crime
upon the democratic party a difference of opinion up-
on this question, when they themselves vote with
the unsound portion of our party upon the ques-
tion? Sir, if it be true that every individual who
voted against laying the report of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] upon the table is
an abolitionist, then all the northern, with sixteen
southern whigs, the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] included, are abolitionists.
It will be remembered that, heretofore, the rule
excluding abolitions has been retained, by the undi-
vided vote of the South aided by northern democ-
racy. The Pinckney, Patton, and Atherton resolu-
tions, were all retained by this unanimous southern
vote. On the 4th of December, 1843, when the mo-
tion was made to lay this subject upon the table,
there was but one dissenting vote [Mr. Clingman]
from the South. After the report of the gentleman
from Massachusetts was presented, Mr. Brown, an
Indiana democrat, moved to lay the subject on the
table: the motion was lost—yeas 91, nays 95; and
the whig vote against laying pn the table, had in-
creased to seven: four from Kentucky, two from Vir-
ginia, and one from North Carolina. As the only
means of preserving the 21st rule, it was now deter-
mined to debate the question until after the elections
were over in Maryland and Georgia, when it was
hoped a vote sufficiently strong could be obtained to
lay the whole subject on the table. As so®n as those
elections were over, and the newly elected members
had taken their seats, that motion was accordingly
made, and failed—yeas 82, nays 112. The whig
vote from the South against laying the subject on
the table increasing in the mean time to 16—from
Tennessee, 3; Kentucky, 3; Maryland, 4; North
Carolina 4; Virginia, 2; making, as before remarked,
16 southern whigs, who voted with the entire body
of the northern whigs, against laying the subject on
the table.
Now, sir, deduct the 16 southern whig votes from
the 112 who refused to lay on the table, and it would
have left only 96; and then add the 16 southern whig
votes thus deducted, to the 82 who voted to lay the
whole subject on the table, and it would make 98:
the majority for laying on the table would have been
two. Thus, it is perceived, it was whigs—southern
whigs—who defeated the southern democracy, aided
by many of their northern friends, in relieving Con-
gress of this highly exciting question In view of
this fact, what right has the gentleman from North
Carolina to taunt us with division upon this ques-
tion, and urge it as a proof that we are "held together
by the cohesive power of the public spoils?"
I now propose to inquire who are the abolitionists
upon this floor, and to what party they belong.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Camp-
bell] offered as a substitute for the report of the
gentleman from Massachusetts upon the rules, the
following resolution:
Resolved, That all efforts of the abolitionist or others, made
to induce Congress to mteifeie with questions of sla\ery, or
to take incipient steps m relation thereto, art-calculated to
lead to the most alarming and dangerous consequences; and
that all such eftoits have an inevitable tendency to diminish
the happiness of the people, and endaugei the stability and
permanency of the Union, and ought not to be countenanced
by any fiiend ot our political institutions.
Those who voted against this resolution are Messrs.
Abbott, Adams, Baker, Dickey, Giddings, Grenncll,
Hardin, Harper, Hudson, Hunt, Irvin, P. B. John-
son, D. P. King, McClelland, Mclllvaine, Rockwell,
Tilden, Vance, Vinton, and Wmthrop—twenty in
number, nini tee.ii of whom are whigs, and many of them
the most prominent and talented men of the party.
This 13 the abolition strength of this House. I deeply
regret that there should be one democrat among
them. I would fain hope that he is there by acci-
dent. If my advice will avail, I invite him to aban-
don the company m which he is found. He is,
most certainly, not among his fellows. The lion
herds not with the hyena, or timid hare. The eagle
nates not with kites and carrion crows. Again,
fr, on the 3d day of this month, the honorable
chairman of the committee [Mr. Dromgoole] to
whom was referred the resolutions from the legis-
latures of Virginia and Alabama, remonstrating
against the treasonable resolutions of the Massachu-
setts lesgislature, proposing to change the basis of
representation in Congress, reported following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the amendment of the constitution proposed
by the legislature of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
ought not be recommended.
Those who voted against this resolution are
Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Baker, Rockwell, Darrah,
Giddings, Morse, Rodgers, Hudson,. Winthrop,
Dickey, Marsh, and Severance—thirteen in number,
and not a democrat among them. What beautiful
consistency to taunt the democratic party upon the
subject of abolition, with a knowledge of this vote!
The truth is, the abolitionists belong, as a body, to
the whig party; and it shall stick to them "like the
poisoned shirt of Nessus."
Sir, I now propose to show that the democratic
pai ty are united upon principle, held together by
the strength and "cohesive" power of principle. In
proof upon this point, I ask the reading by the
clerk of the resolutions adopted by the delegates to
the Baltimore convention, by which Mr. van Bu-
ren was nominated:
Resolved, That justice and sound policy forbid the fed-
eral government to foster one branch of industry to the det-
riment of another, or to cherish the interests of one portion
to the injury of another portion ol our common country;
that every citizen and every section of the country has a
right to demand and insist upon an equality of rights and
privileges, and to complete and ample protection of persons
and property from domestic violence or foreign aggression.
Resolved, That Congress has no power, under the con-
stitution, to interfere with or control the domestic institu-
tions of the several States, and that such States are the solo
and properjudges of everything appertaining to their own
affairs, not prohibited by the constitution; that all efforts of
the abolitionists or others, made to induce Congress to in-
teifere with questions of slavery, or to take incipient steps
in relation thereto, are calculated to lead to the most alarm-
ing and dangerous consequences; and that all such efforts
have an inevitable tendency to dimmish the happiness of the
people, and endanger the stability and permanency of the
Union, and ought not to be countenanced by any mend to
our political institutions.
These resolutions constitute the "democratic plat-
form," and embody the principles of the demo-
cratic party. It was upon this platform we stood
in 1840, and it is by the strength of those princi-
ples we are now held together. Strike them down,
and substitute new or different principles, and the
party is divided in an instant, i ardently desire the
defeat of the whig party in 1844, not for the mere
gratification of a party triumph, but because I really
believe that upon the defeat of that party depends
the permanent prosperity of the country.
I desire a contest with you upon principles; and,
so help me Heaven, I desire no victory if your
policy is to prevail.
We are told that we are not united upon our
principles. Suppose this were true: does that fact
diminish the value of those principles? If not,
would you renounce virtue because all who advocate
do not practise it? would you renounce the religion
of the Saviour of mankind because hypocrites pro-
fess it; or reject the Saviour himself, because Judas
Iscariot betrayed him with a kiss.
Mr. Speaker, I have now concluded my defence
of Mr. Van Buren, ay 1 have also of the democratic
party. I now have a word or two to say to that
body of men self-styled "the universal whig party;"
I shall not charge them with being "held together
by the cohesive power of the public spoils," be-
cause, vast as the "public spoils" have oeen, and
liberally as the whig party have used them, they
were not sufficient to satisfy the cormorant appetite
of all—consequently they have divided—divvied
about the "spoils;" each division charging the other
with hi;h crimes and misdemeanors. A wag re-
marked tome, recently, that, in this particular, both
divisions told the truth.
But, sir, I do charge that the dominant party in
the presidential canvass of 1840, were a faction; not
even entitled to the name of parly. What is a
paity? It is a body of men associated together upon
principles, which they desire to carry into practical
operation, for the promotion of the public good.
What is a faction? It is a combination of men to
obtain political power; with no common principles,
no bond of union, but the hope of "spoils;" and this,
I maintain, was the precise condition of the domi-
nant party in 1840. If this be not true, show me
ti.e political platform adopted by the whig party in
1840? Point out to me the whig address to the peo-
ple of the United States, embodying political princi-
ples in support of which the party was called upon
to rally.
Sir, we all know there was no such platform, no
such address, no such appeal to the people; but to
E
the contrary, all communication between General
Harrison and tire people was prohibited., A com-
mittee was appointed to receive, open, and answer
all communications addressed by the people to him.
What was the answer of that committee? "You
must take General Harrison with a generous confi-
dence. We have no further developments for the public
eyt>" And why "no further developments for the
public eye?" Because they had no common princi-
ples upon which they were united, and were inglo-
riously fighting for the spoils- If General Harrison
had been allowed 10 answer the calls of the people
for information in regard to his political opinions, in
the honesty of his heart he would have spoken the
truth, and that would have been fatal to all of the
golden visions derived from the hope of spoils.
Sir, does not this studied caution prove that the
whigs had no common principles upon which they
were united, and, consequently, that they were a
faction—not a party?
Sir, I have proof upon this point, and I wish to
lerpetuate it. It is the testimony of a gentleman
igh in the confidence of the whigs; an elector
upon the Harrison ticket of 1840, m the good old
Commonwealth of Virginia. He possesses an un-
blemished reputation, and commands the respect
and confidence of all who know him; and is now a
member upon this floor; I mean the Hon. Wil-
locghby Newton. I desire the clerk to read the
letter of this gentleman, in reply to a letter of invita-
tion to attend a whig convention in the city of Rich-
mond. The Clerk read as follows:
GhNTLKMtK: I have received your kind and polite letter
of invitation to attend the whig convention about to assem-
blein Richmond, one of whose most important duties, you
inform me, will be to "embody and promulgate, in the form
of an address to the people of Vnginia, the political princi-
ples, and measures of governmental policy, upon their ap-
proval of which, the whig party intend to place their hopes
of success, at the next spring and fall elections."
It is to me, gentlemen, a source of sincere regret that i
cannot be with you on this interesting occasion. Nothing
could afford me more pleasure than to meet with our whig
friends from different quarters of the State in their patriotic
deliberations. But 1 cannot at this time leave the city,
either with convenience or propriety. I shall, however, be
with you m spirit; and the convention will have my most
earnest wishes for the auspicious result of their labors.
Sincerely believing, as I do, that the success of our party
and its leading measures is indispensable to the preserva-
tion of the purity of our institutions, and the permanency of
national prosperity, I cannot but feel the most lively inter-
est in the result ot the great issue that is to be tried by the
American people in the fall of 1844.
Thu.s feeling, I hope I shall be excusedfor the liberty I
take in making the following suggestions. On reviewing
the events ol the last four years no impartial ovservcr can
fail to perceive that the disasters which have bejalien the whig
j>aity and cast a bhqht over the prosperity of the country, have
resulted, m a great measure, font the want of candor and
firmness* in avowing and maintaining oui principles, es-
pecially in Virginia. We commenced the canvass of 1840
under most discouraging circumstances. The whigs prop-
er were in a small minority throughout the Union. A
party had been formed out oi the discordant elements then
in opposition to the administration of Mr. Van Buren. Our
eagerness jar success induced w. to extend our nets, so as to 'ni-
l/race birds of every jeather. JVe not onlyaskedno i]ue tions
oj those who affiled thvmsvlres as allies for the war, hut our
own convention actually repudiated the leading principles and
measures of the whig-pat ty. We thus entered the campaign
a discoidant mass, some fighting for principle, and others ior
heedom, and ani/n«!pti by hut one common-principle—that of
poMtion to the administration oj Mi Van Jiuren. We had a long
and arduous contest, and achieved what we supposed to be
a glorious triumph. But what advantages have we reaped
from our labors.' The fruits of all our toils have turned to
ashes on oui lips, and we may truly exclaim with Pyrrhu?-—
"one more such victory, and "we are undone " The treach-
ery of the present executive and of tome of his prominent
allies, derived countenance and support from thewhig ad-
dress of 1340; and impartial history may find it difficult to
determine whcthei the convention is most to be censured
for its indiscretion m putting forth such an addiess, or those
very sciupulous politicians tor availing themselves of it, as
a pretext for abandoning their paity.
Wo enter the canvass of 1844 under far diflerent, higher
auspices In 1840, we were weak and discordant. We are
now strong; and not only muted in purpose, but in princi-
ple. We li,i v« been puigcd by the lire of persecution of the
dross that dimmed our brightness; and the whigparty is now
pure metal, seven times refined in the furnace. J,et me ad-
jure the convention not to repeat the errors of 1840, which
have been the fruitful sourcc of all our woes Let them
remember that hon<'\ty  '? the heat policy, both in public and
private life I think I know something of Virginia cliaiac-
ter. Our people are libeirfl and ingenuous. They will
tolerate an honest difference ol opinion, sincerely enter-
tuned, and candidly expressed, but they abhor even the
appearance of dissimulation. Let the convention, therefore,
avow the principles of the pirty: advocate a national bank
ea nomine, and without circumlocution; a tariff, with proper
discrimination for the reasonable protection of our great
domestic inteiests, and such other measures as they may
*NoTf..—The word jab ncss was printed in "the copy from
which the Clerk read. The author (Mr. Newton) said it was
a typographical error, and that himness was the word
written by him.
