440
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to western exports. Joined to the exportation of
hemp, and it gives to the Great West a great addi-
tional interestin the success of foreign trade.
Turning to myself, and to my own conduct in re-
lation to the tariff, I can say that I voted for the act
of 1824, cordially; for that of 1828, reluctatly; that
of 1832, with more satisfaction, because it reduced
duties on many neceesaries, especially on coarse
woollens, and coaise blankets, which it brought
down to five per cent.; that I voted against the com-
promise act because I thought the horizontal line
wrong in principle, and for other reasons; voted
against the act of 1842, because I really believed it
not only bad, but the worst act that ever has been
passed on the subject. Now I make a speech in
favor of returning to the old revenue system before
the war. In all this time my feelings on the sub-
ject have never changed. I am now, and always
have been, in favor of manufacturing industry, as
well as that of agriculture and commerce. I look
upon each to be a great national interest, entitled to
the support of the statesman. In their degrees of
relative importance, I hold agriculture, which fur-
nishes the means of subsistence to man and beast,
to be the first; manufactures, which fashions the crude
material for the use of man, I hold to be the second;
and commerce, which exchanges the superfluities of
nations, I hold to be third. But, while they
have their relative degrees of importance, they are
all great interests, auxiliaries to each other, and
never to be brought into conflict. My feelings with
respect to either of them is not changed; but twenty-
fonr years' attention to the question of manufactures
lias increased my stock of knowledge upon that
subject, and leaves me with the full conviction that
the incidental protection which we contemplate, and
the other aids mentioned, will be an ample support
of that great and meritorious branch of the national
industry. When the high-duty system began, all
declared it was to be temporary—it was only to
continue a few years, until manufactures took root.
Now they are to be. perpetual. When first intro-
duced, they were resisted by the capitalists of Mas-
sachusetts. It required many years for the politi-
cians to seduce them into the new system;
but they did it at last, by the extravagant
bounties which they offered; and now, with
their enormous profits, it is not in human nature for
them to be willing to relinquish the benefits they en-
joy. With their twelve, and fifteen, and seventeen
per cent of half yearly dividends, and a surplus re-
invested, or laid by for division in the lump, they are
unwilling, and very naturally, to return to twelve,
or fifteen, or seventeen per cent per annum.
Let there be no panics—no alarms. The high
tariff candidates for the presidency and the vice pres-
idency were defeated in 1839: the bills then intro-
duced in the House of Representatives showed that
manufactures had nothing to fear from the issue of
that election; that discrimination and incidental pro-
tection was the basis of democratic policy; and that
every intsrest of the country would be duly sustained.
The same now. The success of the, democracy in
1844 will be auspicious to every interest, and as
much so to utamif'ac.tures as to any other
Mr. SIMMONS next obtained the floor; but the
hourof adjournment being at hand, the subject was
passed over informally.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, the hill for adjust-
ing land claims within the States oi Louisiana, Mis-
sissippi, Alabama, and Arkansas, was taken up, the
question pending being on his motion to add an ad-
ditional section to the bill,
The CHAIR stated the pending question.
Mr. BARROW withdrew the amendment.
Mr. McDUFFIE moved an amendment to em-
brace a class of claims growing out of peifect Span-
ish grants, (such as the Homo case.)
\Ir. JOHNSON objected to this amendment, as
identical with one rejected yesterday.
Mr. McDUFFIE explained that iie hall made an
essential difference, providing that the lines should
not be extended beyond those actually made by the
surveyors.
Mr. JOHNSON replied at considerable length.
The subject was further debated by Messrs.
CRITTENDEN, SEVIER, and HENDERSON;
atter which, the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD mo\od an amendment which Mr.
McDUFFIE approved; but Mr. HENDERSON
objecting to it, the amendment was debated by
Messrs BAYARD, BERRIEN, and JOHNSON;
and finally rejected
yeadin^k'" 1,0 engrossed for a third
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate bill
No. 32 was taken up, being
A bill concerning the Supreme Court of the United
States.
The bill was reported with an amendment from
the Committee on the Judiciary, and considered as
in committee of the whole, where the amendment
was adopted.
The bill was reported back to the Senate, and the
amendment was concurred in.
It was then ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the bill for the re-
lief of William Macphersen was taken up, con-
sidered, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 26, 1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read,
Mr. CHAPPELL rose and asked for a correction
of the journal in reference to a vote which he had
given yesterday.
The journal was corrected accordingly, and then
approved.
Mr. WELLER said he believed the first business
in order would be the motion made yesterday, by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hami.in,] to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Indiana was rejected.
The SPEAKER observed that that was the ques-
tion now before the House.
Mr. WELLER said there seemed to be a differ-
ence of opinion, as to whether the language attrib-
uted to Mr. Clay in that amendment, was the lan-
guage of that gentleman or not; and in order to give
time to examine it, and that they might in the mean
time go on with the public business, he moved to
postpone the further consideration of the subject
until next Monday week.
Mr. HARALSON said he believed there was a
motion now pending to lay the motion for reconsid-
eration upon the table; if not, he would move to
lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. WHITE said, if the question was to be
taken on the motion to postpone, he asked a call of
the House; and upon that motion he asked for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER observed, that in the opinion of
the Chair, a call of the House-would not now be in
order, the previous question having been demanded,
and the main question ordered.
Mr. WHITE asked for the yeas and nays on the
motion to postpone, and they were ordered.
Mr. WHITE then suggested a point of order,
that the motion to postpone was not in order, as
the House had resolved, by solemn vote, that the
main question should be taken.
The CHAIR coincided in this opinion.
Mr. HAMLIN called the attention of the Chair
to another point. Whether this subject properly
came up this morning in preference to other busi-
ness. Whether the motion for reconsideration,
though a privileged question, was not limited to the
day ou which it was made.
The SPEAKER observed that a privileged ques-
tion always took precedence over other business.
Mr. WELLER inquired of the Chair whethei, if
the motion to reconsider should be adopted, a mo-
tion to postpone would then be in order.
The SPEAKER remarked that, under the opera-
tion of the prev ious question, no motion to postpone
was admissible.
Mr. HOLMES inquired of the Speaker whether,
if the subject were postponed, an act of injustice
would not be done, inasmuch as the resolution
passed yesterday would not so forth to the world as
the sentiments of 
Mr. HOLMES was called to order,
After some further consideration on a point of
order, the yeas and nays were demanded on the
question of laying on the Table the motion for recon-
sideration, and weie ordered; and beino-taken re-
sulted thus: yeas 22, nays ISO. ° '
So the motion for reconsideration was not laid on
the table.
The question was then taken on the motion for
reconsideration, and decided in the affirmative veas
102, nays 70. V
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered.
Mr. WHITE called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and,
On taking the question, the vote was—yeas 108,
nays 66.
Mr. WELLER moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the House seconded the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. WHITE rose to a point of order; and after
a debate of a conversational character, between that
gentleman, the SPEAKER, and Mr. DROM-
GOOLE, the point of order was overruled.
Some further conversation ensued, in which Mr.
COBB, Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, and others, took
part, and the question recurred on reconsidering the
vote by which the House seconded the demand for
the previous question.
Tellers were demanded, but they were not or-
dered.
Mr. WHITE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the mam question was ordered to be taken.
The CHAIR decided that the motion was not in
order.
Mr. WHITE said his motion was to reconsider a
vote by which a proposition was carried. Did the
Chair decide, he asked, that his motion was not in
order5
The SPEAKER said such was the decision of
the Chair. The question now was upon ordering
the main question upon the original proposition.
This was not a day for the consideration of resolu-
tions; and the House having adjourned under a call
for the previous question, the subject must go over
until it comes up in its order.
Mr. WHITE. The question now stands on the
demand for the main question.
The SPEAKER. It does when the subject comes
before the House in its order. At present, the sub-
ject goes over.
Mp. WHITE appealed from the decision of the
Chair. He contended that, inasmuch as the pre-
vious question had been demanded and seconded
yesterday, the. subject did not go over, but came up
as the unfinished business, and must first be dis-
posed of.
The question on the appeal was put, and the de-
cision of the Chair was sustained by the House.
Mr. W. J. BROWN asked the indulgence of the
House to permit him to make an explanation.
Mr. WHITE said he hoped the gentleman would
be indulged; if the gentleman had inadvertently been
led into an error, it was due to him that he should
have an opportunity to explain; but he also thought it
would be but just that the same indulgence should
be extended to himself, for the purpos'e of replying.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said the gentleman from
Kentucky had made a most extraordinary proposi-
tion. A gentleman rises, and asks to be permitted
to make an explanation personal to himself, and the
gentleman from Kentucky proposes—
Mr. SCHENCK called the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Dromgooi.e] to order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that he was not aware
that any motion had been made to suspend the rules
and he was therefore not out of order.
Mr. HARALSON said if the gentleman from
Indiana was to he permitted to explain, he wanted
also to make an explanation. He had made one, he
said, yesterday, but the reporters had not noticed it.
Mr. BROWN said he would not insist upon a
suspension of the rules in a matter that was
wholly personal to himself
Mr. HOLMES said if the centleman declined to
move a suspension of the rules, he would make that
motion; for he thought it was due to the gentleman,
to the House, and to the countiy, that he should
have an opportunity to make the explanation.
The yeas and nays were demanded on the motion
to suspend the rules, and ordered; and bem - taken,
resulted thus: yeas 117, nays 49. °
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BROWN of Indiana said he thanked the
House for the indulgence they had given him to
make an explanation personal to himself; and, un-
der their indulgence, he pledged himself not to tres-
pass long npon their patience, but to confine him-
self to the question, and not, travel out of the record.
When the gentleman from Maryland on yesterday
offered his resolution, which contained extracts
from the letter of General Jackson to Dr. Coleman,
ofNorth Carolina, believing it to be unfair to hold
any party in politics to the opinions expressed by
distinguished men of that party upon mere abstract
questions, he copied the amendment, purporting io
be an extract from the speech of Mr. Clay, made
at the extra session of Congress—in which Mr.
Clay is represented as saying " Carry out the princi-
ples of the compromise act. Look to revenue alone fir
