456
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Payne;
H. of Bops.
of American legislation—passed, not for the pur-
pose of becommg a permanent part of our .commer-
cial system, but as a sponge by which sioindling mil-
lion/tries were discharged from all obligation to pay
their- just debts; and then repealed, before the hon-
est insolvent was enabled to avail himself of the pro-
visions of the law. The atrocity of the passage of
this law, in the form it did pass, is only equalled by
the unblushing and indecent haste with which it
was repealed.
Now, sir, by whose instrumentality was this law
passed. I charge it upon the whig candidate for the
presidency. I am aware that rumor gives Mr.
Webster a large share of the credit due to those who
passed this measure; but the record gives the credit
to Mr. Clay. The bill had passed the House, and
was sent to the Senate for concurrence. By refer-
ence to the journal of the 1st session of the twenty-
seventh Congress, page 111, it will be seen, that
"after an ineffectual motion of Mr. Nicholas to
amend the bill, on motion of Mr. Benton, ordered,
that the bill lie on the table." Here the bill ought
to have slept the sleep of death; and doubtless would
have done so, but for the zeal of the whig candidate
for the presidency. The journal proceeds: "On mo-
tion of Mr. Clay of Kentucky, That the Senate re-
sume the consideration of the last mentioned."—
bankrupt—"bill, it was determined in the affirma-
tive—yeas 26, nays 22. Mr. Clay voting in the
affirmative. Thus, sir, it is perceived that Mr. Clay
rescued the bankrupt bill from the quiet death de-
signed it by Mr. Benton, reanimated it into life, and
passed it into a law.
If, sir, Mr. Clay is made President, this precise
measure must be revived; not with modifications, be-
cause I believe he resisted every effort to amend the
bill, and declared it to be one of a "series" of whig
measures which was looked upon and regarded as
necessary to the whole system. Every voter, then,
who votes Mr. Clay in November, 1844, must have
the re-enactment of this law as one of the "series"
of whig measures in view, the expediency of which
must be decided by his vote.
I now propose to examine this "series" of whig
measures as shadowed forth by the resolutions offer-
ed by Mr. Clay, and adopted by the Senate at the
1st session of the twenty-seventh Congress. That
I may do Mr. Clay no injustice, I ask the attention
of the committee to the reading of those resolutions:
Resolved, therefore, as the opinion o£ the Senate, that tile
following subjects ought first, if not exclusively, to engage the
deliberations of Congress at the present session:
1st. The repeal of the sub-treasury.
3d. The provision of an adequate revenue for the govern-
ment by the imposition of duties, and including authority to
contract a temporary loan to cover the public debt created
by the last administration.
4th. The prospective distribution of the proceeds ot the
public lands.
This, sir, is Mr. Clay's legislative programme, in
part; and out of it grew that spawn of legislative
prostitution which is the fruitful cause of our coun-
try's travail at this time, and marks the era of federal
rule with a legislative depravity unknown in the
younger and better days of the republic.
"The repeal of the sub-treasury," that "raw-head
and bloody-bones" to which whig speakers so long
appealed to frighten children, weak men, nervous old
maids, and grotesque bachelors. What is the "sub-
treasury," as Mr. Clay calls it? It is a place or
places, provided by law, in which the money collect-
ed by taxation upon the people, for the support of
this government, shall be kept, protected by such legal
enactments as will secure its application to the object
for which it was collected; that is all. Can the treas-
urers who keep the keys of the safes, in which this
money is locked up, appropriate it to their own use?
Not a dollar, unless they steal it? What is to prevent
them from stealing it, or committing at least a
breach of trust? There is no breach of trust in the
rase. If they use one dollar of the money deposited
with them, in any way whatever, it is, by law, made
a felony, for which they were to be imprisoned for
not less two years. Besides, those treasureis give
bond with ample security; and if they use a dollar
of this money by loaning it, or exchanging it for
different funds, they not only go into the peniten-
tiary, but are liable to be fined the full amount of
the money used by them. But can the President
take this money out of the treasury, and apply it in
any way he pleases? He cannot. The constitution
declares that no "money shall be drawn from the
treasury except under an appropriation made by
law." The President is sworn to support that con-
stitution; and if he were to draw a dollar from the
treasury without the authority of law, he would vi-
olate his oath, and commit an offence for which he
would be liable to impeachment. Why, then, did
the whigs repeal this "sub-treasury?" Because they
preferred depositing the people's money, paid by
them for the support of government, in the banks,
by which it can be loaned to speculators and stock-
jobbers. Suppose it is loaned to speculators and
stockjobbers, aud they nev.er pay it back: who
loses the money? If the bank is able, she pays the
government back; but if the bank is not able to pay
the government, the government loses the money,
and Uie people have to pay a new tax to support the
government.
Now, sir, I confess I prefer that the money which
I pay into the public treasury, for the support of
government, should be safely kept and applied to
the object for which I paid it. I am not willing to
risk the uncertainty of speculation and banking,
which we must do so long as the public money is
deposited with the banks. Every American citizen
who votes for Mr. Clay in November next, settles,
so far as his vote is concerned, the expediency of
collecting taxes from the people to be deposited with
the banks, which nevef fail to loan it out, and there-
by subject them to the dangers and casualties of
trade.
But, sir, I cannot quit this one of the "series" of
whig measures, without asking where the public
money is kept at this time. We, all know, When
General Jackson directed the removal of the public
money from the Bank of the United States, a pro-
digious hue and cry was raised; and the people
were told by the whigs that "the public money
was kept in the breeches pockets of the Pres-
ident." Whether this was true or false, _the demo-
cratic party, after the failure of the pet-bank
experiment, established the independent treasury—
thereby placing the public money under the custody
• of the law. The independent treasury has been re-
pealed; the pet bank system has exploded. Where
then, 1 ask, in behalf of the people, is the public
money kept' It cannot be possible, that Mr. Clay
and his friends have placed the public money in the
pockets of President Tyler, whom they have repeat-
edly denounced as a mountebank politician, and a
traitor to every principle he professed before his
election. This cannot be. But where is the public
money? Answer this question; let the people know,
gentlemen.
Mr. Chairman, for want of time I cannot enter
on the advantages the country would derive, by a
permanent adoption of the independent treasury. I
therefore dismiss this subject with a view of noti-
cing another of Mr.Clay's "series" of whig measures
upon which the November election is to turn, viz:
an authority to contract a temporary loan, to cover
the public debt created by the last administration.
Let us now examine to what result this authority to
contract a loan to pay the debt created by
the late administration has led the county.
It will be remembered, sir, that I have already de-
monstiated to the committee that the whole amount
of public debt, due and unpaid on the 3d of March,
1841, was] - - - $8,379,059 81
Of this sum, created before Mr. Van
Buren came into power, there was 1,771,698 27
Mr. Van Buren's debt left unpaid 3d
March, 1841 - - - $6,607,361 54
11 was for this debt,"crea(e<!" by the late administra-
tion, that this authority to negotiate a loan was au-
thorized. . .
I now call attention to the report of I. JU Smith,
Register of the Treasury, exhibiting the amount of
the public debt on the 14th of February, 1843, viz:
Old funded and unfunded debt, principal and
interest - * *
Unfunded debt—old treasury notes, $4,*17 44
Mississippi stock, • - 4,320 09
Registered debt - - 44-
Debt ot the corporate cities of the Distnct oi
Columbia. assumed by the United States -
Tieasury notes -
Loans of 1841 ... 
$'288,306 40
97
T. L. SMITH, Register.
Deduct the whole public debt due 3d March,
1,3S0,000 00
11,711,210 00
13,074,445 11
$27,389,221 66
8,379,0.59 81
Increase ol national debt in one year—lli
months -
- Now, sir, you perceive that, under the pretence of
paying a specific debt, created and left unpaid by
Mr. Van Buren's administration, amounting, as al-
ready stated, to |6,607,361 54, Mr. Clay, aided by
his party, has increased the whole amount of "public
debt, in less than two years, $19,010,161 84—ma-
king the enormous aggregate of public debt on the
13th of February, 1843, of #27,389,221 65.
Why this prodigious increase of national debt in
so short a period? Because it is one of a, series of
whig measures, which is necessary to complete the
system, as a whole. The committee will recollect
tnat a debt of thirty millions was charged upon the
late administration, at the extra session of the 27th
Congress. The object of this charge was to induce
the country to believe that a necessity really existed
for a violation of the compromise act, by an increase -
of duties upon foreign imports. This debt was
proved not to exist; and it was therefore deemed ne-
cessary to create a vast public debt, as the only ex-
cuse which it was believed would satisfy the people
for an increase of the tariff to the extent desired by
the manufacturers. Herein, I verily believe, w
founded the entire cause of this rapid increase of
public debt. I further give it as my deliberate opin-
ion, that if Mr. Clay succeeds to the presidency, in
less than two years from that day this same manu-
facturing interest will force upon the government
the assumption of the debts due by the States,
amounting to two hundred millions of dollars; and then
the existing tariff will be perpetuated, and the man-
ufacturer will receive all of the protection which his
cupidity and avarice desire. Now, sir, mark this
prediction. I am neither "a prophet, nor the son of a
prophet;" but I risk my reputation for forecast
upon the result.
Sir, every voter in November next must decide at
the ballot-box upon the correctness or incorrectness
of Mr. Clay's financial scheme, which, with the
avowed object of paying a specific debt of a frac-
tion over six ana a half millions of dollars, in-
creases the whole amount of national debt, in less
than two years, to a fraction over nineteen millions
of dollars; which, when added, as before remarked,
to the existing debt on the 3d March, 1841, makes
the grand aggregate of actual debt, on the 13th
February, 1843, amount to $27,389,231 65.
Mr. Chairman, I now propose to call the atten
tion of the committee to another of the "series" of
whig measures, as developed in the legislative pro-
gramme of Mr. Clay at the extra session of the
27th Congress—viz: "The prospective distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands." The advo-
cates of distribution, as I understand them, contend
that the States ceded the public domain to the fed-
eral Union as a trustee—the object of the cession
being to pay the national debt; and this debt being
now paid, the proceeds of the sales of the public
land revert and belong to the States respectively.
Now, sir, I admit that property placed in the
hands of a trustee, to pay a particular debt, would
revert to the original owner, or maker of the trust
deed, by operation of law, provided the debt was paid
by the party owing the same; but I contend the debt
named in the trust must be discharged in fact, be-
fore the property can revert to the party making the
trust; and that the reversion can only be to the
party to whom the property named in the trust ori-
ginally belonged, or to his representatives.
The bill passed at the first session of the 27th
Congress, to distribute the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands among the States, disregards all of
those rules of justice, common sense, and law.
Was the national debt paid out of the proceeds of
the sales of the public land? 1 have taken some
pains to ascerta.n, what was the precise amount of
national debt paid by this government; and also,
what amount of money has been paid into the treas-
ury of the United States, from the sales of the pub-
lic land. I find the account to stand thus:
Amount of national debt paid by
this government - - $450,876,877 91
Amount received from the sales of
public lands from the earliest
period, do%vn to 31st December,
1843, is *114,013,000 20
* The amount paid for the public lands ought to be con-
sidered in this estimate; and the surplus revenue deposited
with the States ought not to be omitted. The surplus thus
deposited, was produced by the immense revenue derived
from the sale of lands—running up some years to over 30
millions of dollars, especially m 1S34,'30, and'3(5. The ac-
count would stand thus:
Paid for the public lands, in extinguishing
Indian titles, Stc. - $112,000,000 00
Deposited with the States, under the de-
posite act , 28,000,000 00
$140,000,000 00
