CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
That m their opinion, the diagrams should ac-
company the document; and they therefore recom-
mend their publication. .
Resolved, That the diagrams accompanying No.
94 on weights, measures, and balances, be furnished
to accompany the printed document.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. McCLERNAND. Petition of numerous
citizcns of Williamson comity, Illinois, praying Con-
gress to take measures for the improvement of the
navigation of the Mississippi river: referred to the
Commiitoe on Roads and Canals.
By Mr. THOMPSON. Petition of A. A. Pickard
and 50 others, praying the grant of a certain town-
ship thcrum named: referred to the Committee 011
Public Lands.
!!y Mi. SEIDELL: Petition of A. H. Donaldson
and 12!) oit.17.ens of New Orleans, praying for the
establis.hir.ent of light-houses 011 Dauphin and Horn
islands: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. DAWSON- Petition of Archibald D.
Palmer for confirmation of land titles, &o.
Mr. McCLERNAND: Memorial and proceed-
ings of a public meeting in Equality, Gallatin coun-
ty, Illinois, praying the establishment of armory at
Slassac, in the State of Illinois, pursuant to the
recommendation of the commissioners appointed by
the President to that effect* referred to the Commit-,
tee on Military Affairs.
Ey Mr. BOWLIN: Petition of William G. Pet-
tns and 172 other citizens, of the county of St.
Charles, Missouri, praying that appropriations be
made by Congress for the improvement of the west-
ern waters: referred to the Committee of the Whole
oil the state of the Union.
By Mr. F1CKL1N: Memoiial ofN. Ellington
and 126 other citizens of Coles county, Illinois,
asking appropriations for the improvement of the
Mississippi and its tributaries. Also, the memori-
al of Abner Johnson and 82 other citizens of Shel-
by, Payette, and Clinton counties, asking a grant of
land to improve the Kaskaskia river.
By Mr. BENTON of New York: The petition of
Addison Manley and 164 others, inhabitants of Nor-
way and vicinity, in the county of Herkimer, and
State of New York, asking a reduction of postage
and a modification of the franking privilege.
By Mr. ELACKWELL: The petition of 136
citizens of Tennessee, foi the establishment of a
post-route from Cleveland to Pikeville, Tennessee,
to intersect the route from Pikeville to McMinnville,
Tennessee. The petition of 26 citizens of Tennes-
see, praying the establishment of a post-route from
Charleston to Chattanooga, Tennessee, via George-
town, Vanville, &c. The petition of 34 citizens of
Tennessee, praying the establishment of a mail-
route from Cleveland,Tennessee, to Roane, Georgia,
via Red Ciav, Dogwood, and Medicinal Springs.
By Mr. TILDEN: The petition of William Cool-
man, jr., and sundry other citizens of Ravenna,
Portage county, Ohio, praying for appropriations for
the improvement of the harbor of Cleveland; which
was refened to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of Samuel Ba-
tolch and 90 others, citizens of Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to maintain the tar-
iff of 1841, until experience shall have demonstrated,
by ascertained facts, that a change would be for the
better. .
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The remonstrance of
Zenax Crane and others, against the passage of an
international copy-right law.
By Mr. NES: The petition of John J. Cochran,
William Ilg'Tifiitz, and 337 citizens of York county,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress not to disturb the
present tariff law, passed in 1842.
By Mr. DOUGLASS: The petition of Daniel B.
Bush and sundry other citizens of Pike county, Illi-
nois prayne1- for liberal appropriations for the im-
provement of the western rivers: referred to the
Committee on Commerce. The petition of Benja-
min R. Burr and a large number of others, citizens
of the'counties of Green, Macoupin, Morgan, and
Sangamon, praying for a mail-route from Fayette
to Bnrincfield: referred to the Committee on the
Post'Office and Post Roads. The petition of Dan-
iel Waldo and divers other citizens of Meredosia,
Morgan county, Illinois, praying for appropriations
for the improvement of the western rivers: referred
to the Committee on Commerce. The petition pf
sundry citizens of   county, praymg for a
grant of school lands to the Rome township in that
county, so as to place it on an equality with other
townships in that respect: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. The petition of sundry citizens
of Galena and its vicinity, in Illinois, praying for
appropriations for the improvement of the western
rivers: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of nu-
merous citizens of La Salle county, Illinois, for the
improvement of the western waters: referred to the
Committee on Commerce. A petition for a mail-
route from Belvidere, via Hartland and McHenry,
to Little Fort, Lake county, Illinois: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. PISH: The memorial of the heirs of Ja-
cob Vandervoort for a pension.
By Mr. HOGE: The petition of L. W. Guiteau
and 56 others, citizens of the county of Stephenson,
in the State of Illinois, praying Congress to make
appropriations for the immediate improvement of
the Missouri and Upper Mississippi rivers: referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the State
of the Union.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of Rnfus
Kjbbie and others, citizens of Michigan, for a new
mail-route.
By Mr. SEVERANCE: Remonstrance of Jore-
miah O'Brien, and 21 others, of Machias, in Maine,
against the passage of a law to admit into ports
of the United States, free of duty, lumber sawed
in the province of New Brunswick, from timber
grown in Maine, upon the waters of the river St.
John.
By Mr. OWEN: The memorial of Charles D.
Purcell, and 63 others, citizens of Gibson county,
Indiana, asking a grant of land to complete the na-
tional thoroughfare, between the lakes and the Ohio,
by the improvement of the Wabash.
By Mr. BOYD: The memorial and papers of
James Bowlin, praying a pension on account of in-
juries received in the army during the late war.
By Mr. DEAN: The petition from David Hunter
and 59 others, citizens of Fredericksburg, Wayne
county, Ohio, urging Congress to extend the pro-
visions of the ordinance of 1787, regulating the north-
west territory, over the Territory of Oregon: re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
By Mr. RAMSEY*: The petition of J. C. Marll,
and one hundred others, citizens of Schuylkill coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, protesting against any interference
with the tariff of 1842.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of the
Mayor and Common Council of the city of Chica-
go, of the ship-masters and sailors upon Lake Mich-
igan, and of several hundred citizens of Chicago,
for the construction of a light-house at that place.
Also, sundry letters, maps, andstatistics, with refer-
ence to the some subject: referred to the Committee
011 Commerce.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Iroquois
county, for a mall route from Chicago, via Blue Island,
Thornton, Crete, Robert Hill's Bridge, Concord,
Parish's Grove and Anechicer Bridge, to Lafayette,
Indiana: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. .
By Mr. BLACKWELL: The memorial of
Francis Johnson, asking pay for horses lost during
the war with Great Britain, in 1814: referred to the
Committee of Claims.
By Mr. DOUGLASS: The petition of Thomas
Carlin and Hiram Rogers, praying that ferry boats
may be exempt from the operation of the law re-
quiring engines and boilers to be inspected.
The following resolution offered by Mr. Stf.en-
rod, was omitted in yesterday's proceedings:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and I'o-t
Roads inquire into the expediency of increasing the glade of
service from horse mail to two-horse post coaches from the
Cumberland road to Morgantown, IVa; ni sbury, Pennsyl-
vania, to the city ot Wheeling.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 27, 1844.
On motion by Mr. FOSTER, the adverse reports
made from the Committee on Claims, by Mr. Wood-
bury, on the bills for the relief of S.^ B. Tuck and
William Jones, were recommitted, with the bills, to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PEARCF. presented a memorial, signed by
citizens of Elkton, Maryland, and its vicinity, pray-
ing Congress to make no change in the rate of du-
ties under the present tariff until experience had de-
monstrated that a change would be better for the in-
terests of the country; and
Mr. FRANCIS presented a . similar memorial
from Providence, Rhode Island; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
the legal representatives of Thomas Eames, deceas-
ed, praying indemnity for the illegal confiscation of
property belonging to the said Eames for an alleged
violation of law, and a reimbursement of the goods
and expenses incurred thereby: referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial from Joel A.
Mattison and Hardin Bigelow, of Illinois, praying
the payment of damages for the illegal seizure and
detention of certail railroad iron by the collector at
Cincinnati: referred to the Committee on Finance-
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made adverse reports on the memorial of
Lieut. George T. Sinclair, praying pay for the per-
formance of duties of a higher grade; the petition of
Amos Cheek and others, warrant officers in the ex-
ploring expedition, for extra pay; and the memorial
of James R. Howison, praying compensation for
the performance of scientific duties on the exploring
expedition; which reports were ordered to he on the
table,, and be printed.
Mr. EVAYS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, House bills ma-
king appropriation for certain fortifications of the
United States for the year beginning on the first day
of July, 1844, and ending thirtieth June, 1845, and
for the support of the military academy at West
Point for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth June,
1845.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin B.
Ferguson; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the memorial of
Peter Von Schmidt, asking compensation for trans-
lating from the Russian language a document oil
the culture of lienip, reported a bill for his relief;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
The bill for the settlement of claims for the loss of
property by reason of its military occupatian in the
Territory of Florida, was taken up as in committee
of the whole; but, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, its
consideration was postponed to enable him to ex-
amine the bill to see how far its provisions"were in-
consistent with the bills which had passed the other
House this session for the settlement of those claims
in individual cases.
The following bills were taken up and considered
as in committee"of the whole, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, viz:
The bill for the relief of John Atchison;
The bill for the relief of William Henson; and
The bill to amend the judiciary act passed the
24th September, 1789. [This bill was framed to
suit the recommendation of )the Secretary of the
Treasury, in his annual report, by removing certain
restrictions to the trial of revenue cases in inferior
courts of the United States.]
SALARY OF DISTRICT JUDGES.
The bill to increase the salary of the district
judge of the United States for the district of East
'Tennessee, Middle Tennessee, and the western dis-
trict of Tennessee, in the 8th judicial district, was
taken up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. JARNAGIN explained that this bill pro-
posed to raise the salary of the judge from $1,500
per annum to $2,000. He remarked that the amount
of labor now required of that officer was double
what it was when he was appointed; and that the,
increase of salary proprosed would not be more than
a fair compensation for the services rendered.
Mr. TAPPAN inquired whether there were three
district judges in Tennessee.
Mr 'JARNAGIN replied that there was but
one, and he received $1,500 per annum.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that the salary of this
jud^e was as high as it ought to be; and that it was
much more than was paid to the district judge m
Ohio, who received only $1,000 per annum. The
judge should not complain of his pay, for when he
accepted the office, he knew precisely what salary
he was to receive. A practice had obtained of late
years, and was very common, forjudges to get new
and more places established for the meetings of the
court, and then to apply to Congress for compensa-
tion for additional labor. This should be arrested.
When the judges are appointed under the govern-
ment of the United States, they are appointed to of-
fice for life, and are bound to devote the whole ?f
