m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
April, 1844.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps.
This, sir, is Mr. Clay's plan for modifying the
duties of 1828. It is to reduce and abolish the du-
ties upon luxuries, including wines arid silks. But
riot one word is said about reducing the duties upon
iron, steel, cotton or woollen goods, shoes, hats,
salt, sugar, or any of those articles of necessity
which enter into the consumption of the laboring
classes of the country, and upon which protection
was carried to the verge of prohibition. Not a
word, sir; but, to the contrary, in his speech, de-
livered in support of his proposition "to reduce and
abolish duties on unprotected articles, retaining the
faithful collection of those on the protected articles,"
he sayst
This mode is the most equitable and reasonable} and it
presents an undebatable ground, on which I had hoped we
could all safely tread without difficulty. It exacts no sacri-
fice of principle from the opponents of the American sys-
tem. It comprehends none on the part of its friends. The
measure before you embraces this mode. It is simple,
and free from all complexity, &c.
Now, sir, here is a full approval of all the pro-
tection to the manufacturer afforded by the tariff of
1828; and his sole objection to it was, that it taxed
articles made abroad which do not come in competi-
tion with similar articles manufactured in the United
States; and, therefore, was "eminently" a high
tariff. This is all that Mr. Clay meant to condemn
in the tariff of 1828, in his recent letters to Meri-
wether and Bronson; otherwise, he would have op-
posed a high protective tariff. But is it just to the
people to use equivocal or ambiguous language upon
a great national question, involving the interest of
the whole country, and upon which the election of
the chief executive officer of the nation is to turn?
I submit that interrogatory to Mr. Clay and his
friends.
Sir, I agree with Mr. Clay that the mode by
which he proposed to modify the tariff of 1828, "is
simple., and free from all complexity" in one par-
ticular. It proposes to tax the consumer of the
necessaries of life to the utmost verge of endurance,
and to exempt the consumer of the luxuries of life
from all tax whatever.
And, sir, it would not be difficult to show that
this proposed modification of the tariff of 1828 ex-
acts the sacrifice of every principle maintained by the
opponents of the American sy3tem, and compre-
hends the entire system of protection in its most
odious form. But I shall not enter upon that ques-
tion at this time. My object is to show that Mr.
Clay's opposition to the tariff of 1828 was not to
the protection afforded by that bill, but to the tax
which it imposed on luxuries, under the name of
"unprotected articles." This I have established,
and I hope the country will not overlook the fact.
Sir, I now turn to the "black" tariff of 1832,
which exceeds, if possible, in enormity, the tariff of
1828. All the odious minimums of 1828 are ag-
gravated in the tariff of 1832; and it is vastly more
unjust in its operation upon classes—taxing the
laborer to the utmost extremity, and exempting the
wealthy from the legitimate burdens of government.
Look, sir, at the aggregate imports of 1843, amount-
ing, according to the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to $89,260,895. Of this amount of im-
ports, $48,789,934 enter duty free. Over one half of
all our imports, under the tariff of 1842, pay not one
cent of duty. And of this enormous list of free
articles—that is, luxuries, exclusive of the article
of coffee—the poorer classes of our people do not
consume in value one million of dollars. Neaily
the whole free list of imported articles are consumed
in and about your large cities by the pampered,
bloated, upstart aristocracy of associated wealth and
manufacturing monopolists.
And, sir, upon the other hand, there is not one
solitary article of necessity, from a pin up, con-
sumed by the laboring classes of our people, upon
which there is not an enormous tax. Taking the ag-
gregate, and the tax amounts to over 40 per cent
upon the original cost of the whole- Sir, this is in-
tolerable; and, with a full knowledge of these facts,
the manufacturers themselves, and their sycophantic
followers and parasites, are constantly telling the
people that it is a just and equitable tariff, raising
the revenue principally upon luxuries.
Sir, I wish to give this statement a flat contra-
diction. It is false. I do this the more readily,
because I read a letter published in Boston the oth-
er day, supposed to have been written by an exten-
sive manufacturer, worth, it- is said, not less than
three millions of dollars, and who participated in
the passage of this bill. In this letter it was stated
that the revenue was raised principally upon luxu-
ries; and that it was s. very good tariff, and ought
not to be called a black tariff. Sir, the title of the
bill ought to have been "a bill to tax poverty and
exempt wealth," and then the character and spirit
of the bill \v-ould havfe been legitimately expressed
by the caption.
I propose, , sir, to treat this subject a little more
in detail. With that view I have prepared a table,
the items of which, together with the ad valorem rate
of duty upon each item, was extracted from the
statistical tables appended to the report of the Com-
mittee of Way and Means. The items in this table
are twenty-eight in number, all of which pay a duty
to the government. One-half of those items enter
into the consumption of the middle and laboring
classes of society. The other half are consumed
principally by the more wealthy. I invoke careful
attention to this table. The ad valorem rate of du-
ty imposed by government upon each item is placed
in the right hand column:
W !>• 51 *1 >-5 5"
38 3 a
B S 3'
S £l-°
crq o g   h
p M   <■> g'w
^ O g S o
3 J J
*5-§>!§•?
2^ SI® Si
So3 i«3
c"5 us ^ s*2.0
pj ft w o *+
OS 2 5"" o Sj}1
g* o £- %   8
, as I £<g , ,
O ft? S
•" <t>
Oq,
^oooos HO£
i— •— ^ a
« i «
cog'ss--
w 3-a
^ op H
o
B s 1
.> ® '
< OT ,
■
a
3
rt>
£
t?
Pejr cent.
Now, sir, who pays this duty? Upon this point
let Mr. Clay speak for himself. In the same speech
from which I have just quoted, Mr. Clay says:
The next objection urged to the American system is, that
it subjects South Carolina to the payment of an undue pro-
portion of the public revenue. The basis of this objection
is the assumption—shown to have been eitonvotis—tiwt tlie
producer of the exports from this country pays the dut) on
its imports, instead of the consume! of those imports The
amount which South Carolina really contiibute^ to tin-
public revenue, no more than that of any other State, can
be precisely ascertained. It depends upon her tonsumptwn
of articles paying duty.— See Gales 4' Seaton's Regisler of De-
late), first pait, 6th ioL,jiage. 475
No proposition is clearer, or better settled, than
that the consumer pays the tax or duty imposed by
government upon foreign imports; and as the labor-
ing classes consume almost exclusively the articles
enumerated in the left hand column of the table
just presented to the committee, upon which those
enormous duties are levied, it follows as a necessary
consequence that the burdens of supporting this
government fall with unequal severity upon the
laboring classes.
Not only have the more wealthy classes of socie-
ty all the benefit arising from a free list of importa-
tions, (more than one-half the whole of our im-
ports,) but upon articles which actually pay a duly
odious discriminations are made in their favor; and
notwithstanding these facts, we are told by every
whig upon this floor, North and South, so far as I
have heard an expression of opinion, that the tariff
of 1842 is a good tariff, and ought not to be
touched. Even Mr. Clay himself endorses the
general principles and features of the bill. In his
letter to Mr. Bronson, already referred to, he holds
the following language:
I had resigned my seat in the Senate when the act of 1813
passed. Geneially, the duties are lower than those ill the
act of il832; and without intending to express an opinion
upon every item of this last tarifl', I would say that I think
the provisions, in the main, art wise and pi oper.
- Sir, this is a full endorsement of the main pro-
visions of the tariff of 1842. Those muin provisions
are but two in number:
1st. The admission of over one-half of our im-
ports free of tax, tbe consumption of which is con-
fined to the wealthy classes of society.
2d. Upon imports which do pay a duty, by dis-
crimination for that purpose, the cheap articles
(which are chiefly consumed by the laboring class)
are made to pay vastly the heaviest tax imposed by
the bill.
These are the prominent characteristics of the
law, and are therefore endorsed by Mr. Clay.
Sir, I am aware that, in despotic governments, it
is held legitimate to transfer the burdens of govern-
ment from the aristocracy to the laboring poor. _ 111
England, (whose evil example we are about to imi-
tate,) this practice prevails. What are its results?
If you visit Manchester, Liverpool, or London, and
examine the condition of the poor, yt)u find human
. nature sunk to the lowest point of degradation; and
you witness in a single day scenes of human misery
over which philanthropy would weep, and humani-
ty shrink back in disgust and amazement.
But, upon the other hand, if you should "bask in'
the sunbeams of royalty; exchange civilities with
crowned heads;" or because the favorite of a stupid,
dissipated, gouty, worthless, and expensive nobili-
ty, then, sir, you would witness all of the pomp,
magnificence, and vice, which wealth and privilege
can bestow. These extremes of enervating luxury
upon the one hand, and of human degradation upon
the other, are both the legitimate results of a govern-
mental policy which exempts the rich; and transfers
to the poor all the burdens of state. Deeply as 1
regret the practical results which must flow from a
continuance of this policy in America under any cir-
cumstances, my mortification is nevertheless in-
creased by the fact that it is sanctioned by a candidate
for the presidency coming from the valley of the Mis-
sissippi. .
It is upon the banks of the noble rivers which
empty their tides into the "king of floods" that the
best illustration is afforded of the advantages result-
ing to'a nation from leaving industry untrammeled,
enterprise unchecked. It was but a few years ago
that this vast region was the haunt of savage man;
now, it is the abode of civilization and of wealth.
Before the fires ®f the savage e'eased to blaze upon
the hill tops, or his war whoop to echo from the
valleys, forests fell beneath the hand of industry,
and the desert was made to "smile and blossom as
the rose." Where once stood the Indian villages,
now rise magnificent cities. The Indian wigwam
and council house is supplanted by temples erected
to science, religion, and law. All of this is but the
legitimate result of untrammeled industry, uncheck-
ed enterprise. Vast as are those magnificent results
we have but just entered as a nation upon a course
of greatness. Look back half a century to what we
then were: contemplate what we now are; and then
estimate, if you can, what we are yet to be at the end
of another century.
Mr. Chairman, is our onward march to be check-
ed? Are the vast haunts of the wild man of the West
now remaining, never to become the stats civiliza-
tion and of learning? Are no more new cities to spring
up as if by enchantment? Are no new temples to be
erected to science, religion, and law? Is that vast
region of territory, stretching out to the setting sun,
to remain unpeopled? No, sir; no, sir. Our destiny
is onward. Under the rigid discipline of strict party
drill, you may, for a period yet to come, entrammel
industry, and check enterprise; but it will be of short
duration. The tariff bill of 1842 must be repealed.
The laborer must be restored to his plundered rights;
and the capitalist bear his due proportion of the bur-
den of government. The young lion from beyond
the mountains is startled from his lair; with his in-
creasing strength and ripened niatuiity, your rick-
ety, enfeebled, hot-bed, British system of monopo-
lies and bounties, must sink into the dust,
Mr. Chairman, deeply as 1 abhor the enormous
free list of the bill of 1842, connected with an odious
discrimination, which taxes those articles consumed
by the poor vastly higher than it does those articles
consumed by the wealthy, I have objections to the
bill, not less decided, upon other ground.
Sir, it exempts capital from all taxation, and
throws the entire burden of supporting this govern-
ment upon persons. Undei a system of collecting
revenue upon imports, we pay a tax OPty uPon
