CONGRESSIONAL GLOBi.
Mr. J. showed that the judges in the States of
Georgia, Tennessee, New York, and Pennsylvania,
received higher salaries for the performance of much
less labor than this judge. It was therefore not fair
and just to refuse an increase of his salary. He
not only performed the duties of district judge, but
also the duties of circuit judge in some cases. $1,000
might be a fair salary for a judge in Ohio, but in the
Southern and Middle States, where the expenses for
the necessaries of life were much greater, the judges
could not live on that salary. He (Mr. J.) asked
nothing as bounty, gift, or charity, for Judge Brown,
but reasonable and just pay for serving his country
faithfully.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and the
question being, "Shall the bill be engrossed for a
third reading?"
Mr. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that he was un-
willing to interfere with the wishes of his friends in
this case; but it seemed to him that it would be act-
ing very unjustly to legislate this way on such sub-
jects. His friends desired to increase the salary of
the judge in Tennessee, whilst the judge in Ohio
was serving for one-third less than that judge now
received; and while the district judge in Illinois was
receiving but $1,000 per annum. It could not,
therefore, be right to act thus. The bill should be
sent to the Judiciary Committee, with a view to re-
port a general bill to comprehend all cases where
the salaries might be considered inadequate. While
it would be doing justice to one, the passage of the
bill would be doing injustice to another. To in-
crease the salaries in individual cases would have
the. effect to induce other judges to apply; thus
would an evil grow up. 1 he Committee on the
Judiciary should examine the whole subject;
and, after taking into consideration the condition
of the markets in each section of the country, re-
port a general bill approaching .something like an
equalization of salaries. He could not consent to
legislate for one case, and thereby to legislate par-
tially. He then alluded to the great duties im-
posed on the district judge in Kentucky, who was
engaged 300 out of the 365 days ill the year on
official duties. He could not vote lor this bill, al-
though he knew that Judge Brown was a learned
and excellent man.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that the objection of
the senators from Ohio and Kentucky to the bill was,
that it was partial legislation. Now, his (Mr. B's.)
answer was that what was provided for in the bill
was the sole subject committed to the Judiciary
Committee. The committee was directed to inquire
whether, under the circumstances of the case, the
great and increased amount of duties and expenses
consequent, this judge was not entitled to addition
pay. Since the foundation of the government there
had been no such thing as a classification ot salaries.
Congress had always legislated in individual cases,
as was proposed by this bill—taking into consider-
ation the change of the circumstances by the ad-
vancement of the country, since the judges were ap-
pointed—the increase of duties, and the increase of
the expenses for the necessaries to support life.
There might be other cases where the judges were
not well paid. That was no reason why this judge
should not be well paid. If, from an increase of
duties, and a change of the circumstances of the
country, the salary of $1,500, which the judge received
when he was appointed to office, was found inad-
equate for his support, it should be increased.
Whenever other cases arose with as much merit as
this, lie would be prepared to vote for them.
Mr. FOSTER remarked that the senator from
Kentucky did not tell them that the labor of the
Kentucky judge had increased since he was appoint-
ed to office, as had been the rase of the judge _ ill
Tennessee, whose duties had been trebled. After
all, he (Mr. F.) considered the matter of salary o
question of expense. When the senator from Ken-
tuckv speaks of the salary of Illinois and Ohio be-
ing one-third less than the judge in Tennessee now
received it was no argument against the increase oi
the salary of the judge m Tennessee. The price of
subsisting in Ohio, Illinois, Maine, and even Massa-
chusetts, was much lower than it was in Nashville;
and when they go farther south, the ratio of ex-
pense for living increases. In the case of Louisi-
ana, the district judge received double the amount
paid to the judge m Tennessee, yet he was not
much better paid. In fixing the salaries of the
judges, it was always considered, as it al-
ways will have to be considered, a question
of expense. The judges should receive a
salary sufficient to support their families.
In speaking of the increased duties of this judge,
he had not taken into consideration those which de-
volved upon him by the passage of the bankrupt
law, as had been done by the senator of Kentucky
in the case of the Kentucky judge. It was impos-
sible to regulate those salaries in any other way
than was proposed by this bill. If there were any
other cases where the salary of the judge was in-
adequate, he was willing to increase it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he did not like to vote
against the bill. There was was some justice in the
.case. He would, therefore, be willing to send it
to the Judiciary Committee, with the view of having
all the cases taken into consideration, that there
might be an equalization of the salaries of all. He
would move to recommit it, with instructions of
that character.
Mr. HANNEGAN said he had prepared a reso-
lution which would probably meet the views of the
senator from Kentucky. It was read; and was, in
substance, a resolution to recommit the bill to the
Judiciary Committee, with instructions to inquire
into the expediency of equalizing the salaries of all
the district judges.
Mr. II. remarked that, at present, the judges for
the district courts of the district of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, received each $1,000 salary, whilst
those for Iowa and Wisconsin Territory received
$2,000 each. There was certainly great inequality in
this—much more than in giving the district judge of
South Carolina $2,500.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the morn-
ing hour having expired, tins subject was postponed
till to-morrow.
Mr. MERRICK said it was the general under-
standing that the Post Office bill would be taken up
to-day;"but, as the senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Simmons] wished to reply to the speech which the
senator from Missouri had favored the Senate with,
he (Mr. M.) had no objection to waive lus right of
calling up the Post Office bill, with the understand-
ing that, if the tarilf subject was to be further dis-
cussed, it would, after to-day, be postponed till
Monday, so as to oiler no impediment to proceeding
with the Post Office bill this week.
the tariff-—the compromise act.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the resolution reported
from the Finance Committee, for the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill introduced by Mr. McDcfkie
for the reduction of the rates of duties under the
present tariff to the standard of the compromise act.
Mr. SIMMONS addressed the Senate for two
hours and a half. He said, as he understood the
question at issue, it was to postpone the subject in-
definitely. On this motion, by general assent, the
whole question of the merits of the tariff policy
was open to discussion. The remarks ot the sena-
tor fioni Missouri [Mr. Benton] had presented n
new view of the subject, important not only to the
Senate, but to the whole country. In relation to the
charge brought forward by the senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. McDiikfie,! that the act. of 1842
was "a foul and faithless \iolation of the compro-
mise," lie (Mr. S.) insisted that he and his friends
were at all times ready and willing to carry out the
principles of the compromise act. But for his
friends, (the advocates of the protective policy,) the
compromise act never cuuld ba\e become a law. It
had been on their motion that the amendment was
adopted which resulted m the passage ot the act.
He referred to Mr. Calhoun's vote on that amend-
ment, and now called upon the senator trom South
Carolina [Mr. McDbfpie] to retract the epithets of
"foul and faithless," which he had applied to their
measure of 1842, which he (Mr. S.) and his friends
believed to be not inconsistent with the .^'pint and
meaning of the compromise act.
(Mr." McDrnic here signified that he ix.vei
would retract those epithets—they weit justly mcr-
ited. ]
Mr. S. next adverted to the remarks of the sena-
tor from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] in relation
to the contiast he had drawn between the
two systems, which he designated the revenue sys-
tem and the protective system; the former extending
from the beginning of this government to the year
1816, and the latter system extending from the year
1816 to the present day. The object of that Sen-
ator's contrast seemed to be to show the high state
of prosperity, and a steady advance both in revenue
and manufactures, under the low-duty system; and
that under the high-duty system, both revenue and
manufactures were fluctuating, uncertain, and in-
stable. Mr. S. in' refutation of this, proceeded to
state tables which he had drawn up, with a view of
showing that in the senator's first period the greatest
inequalities and fluctuations existed in revenue, im-
ports, and exports, and that the duties often av-
eraged as high as 371 per cent.
Mr. BENTON interposed to state that he had
expressly excluded the periods of the embargo, and
of the war; as belonging to neither system.
Mr. SIMMONS proceeded to read his tables,
which were of a statistical character, showing an-
nual exports and imports, and the average of rev-
enue.
Mr. MeDUFFIE inquired if the senator included
specie in his tables.
Mr. SIMMONS replied that he included every-
thing that entered into the commerce of the country.
He then proceeded with his argument, grounded on
the tables hehad read, with a view of allowing that
the tariff policy was not inconsistent with what the
friends of manufactures understood to be the prin-
ciples of the compromise act.
As to the doctrines laid down by the senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] that discrimination ought
to be made, so as to tax highest the luxuries of life,
and put the lowest duties on the necessaries con-
sumed by the mass of the people, he stated that this
was inconsistent with the senator's declaration, that
he would also discriminate so as to protect the home
industry of the country, by putting the highest du-
ties on those articles which enter into competition
with the home producer. This (Mr. S. insisted)
was a contradiction; as it was impossible, m any
system of putting the highest duties on luxuries
and the lowest on necessaries, to give any protec-
tion whatever to home industry. The effect would
be to take away all protection—even the incidental
protection which the senator avowed he was ready
and willing to afford the manufacturers.
He (Mr. S.) referred to the act of 1816, and said
that the whole commercial community were opposed
to it. The only protection that act gave was to the
cotton manufacturers, the interests of which were
then limited, being confined to Rhode Island, and
partially to one or two other States. But every one
engaged in commerce was opposed to the act cf
1816.
Was it, he asked, consistent with that wisdom
which should guide statesmen, to apply to the pres-
ent times a system which might have been prop< r
seven and twenty years ago? What .vas the condi-
tion of the world then? Europe was either engaged
in various wars, or struggling to return to a state ot
peace—everything connected with commerce being
in an artificial condition. But, aft^r a long peace,
was it the policy of nations to render themselves
more and more dependent upon each other? To
follow out such a policy, was suicidal to any nation;
for the very law of the being of nations was inde-
pendence—independence of other nations, and self-
reliance upon internal resources.
In reference to Mr. French Coxe's book, which
he had obtained from the senator from Missouri,
he (Mr. S.) had examined into its statements as to
exports of one hundred and eight millions in 1808;
sixty millions were re-exports of imports, and the
other forty-eight millions were the real exports of
the United States. And as to the note which the
senator had read from Mr. Coxe's work, he (Mr.
S.) drew from it a very different inference from that
drawn by the senator—it was that Mr. Coxe was in
favor of"bounties being given by the government to
manufacturers. He (Mr. S.) admitted that he Lad
no recollection of ever having heard of the word
tariff about the time of 1808 to 1816. But from this
work, he had asceitained that the actual exports cf
lf?08 were only forty-eight millions; and he (Mr.
S.) had computed the exports of 1840, which, con-
trasted with the former, population lor population,
he was surprised to find preserved the sytne ratio,
nearly, varying only one per cent, and a fraction.
in answer to the arguments of the senators from
Missouri and New Hampshire, Mr. S. read various
statistical tables which he had constructed with a
view of showing that agriculture had been pros-
perous in proportion to the advancement of manu-
factures. He adverted to Professor Tucker's book
to show that, whatever might have been the condi-
tion of manufactures and agriculture prior to the
year 1816, or during the war, after the war there
was a universal prostration of all interests in conse-
quence of excessive importations, till in 1890, in-
