460
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Welter.
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OF MR. WELLER,
OF OHIO,
In the Howe of Representatives, JlprU 29, 1844—
On the tariff.
Mr. "WELLER addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: I cannot expect, within the short
hour allotted to me by the rules of the House, to
present my views fully upon this important question
now under consideration. I shall, therefore, con-
tent myself with a brief glance at the prominent
questions now in issue.
We have found, in the course of this debate, man-
ufacturers on this floor, demanding protection as a
matter of right. Protection against what? Prom
fraud? From violence, foreign or domestic' If so,
and, within our prescribed sphere, we can extend it,
it should be done. But, sir, they demand protection
against low prices. They tell us that England, with
her pauper labor, can manufacture cheaper than
they can, and undersell them in this market. How
is this to be remedied? By prohibiting the foreign
article which comes in competion with their labor,
or by imposing such high duties upon importations,
as to lessen them, or enhance the value of their com-
modities. If you prohibit the foreign manufacture,
you destroy revenue upon that particular article,
and are compelled to increase the duty on something
else, in order to procure the requisite amount of rev-
enue. You must have twenty millions of dollars
per annum to pay the current expenses of the gen-
eral government. You now collect this by laying
taxes on foreign goods imported into this country.
Suppose this amount is collected on four articles—
woollens, cottons, sugar, and salt. Now, the man-
ufacturers of woollens demand protection against
foreign competition and you levy so high a
duty as to reduce the revenue on that article by di-
minishing importations to two millions of dollars.
Here, then, you have a deficit of three millions of
dollars, which must be made up by additional taxes
on the other three articles. Under this operation,
woollen manufactories may spring up, and home
competition might reduce the price of these goods;
but is it not clear that the consumer of the cottons,
the sugar, and salt, is taxed for the benefit of the
manufacturer of woollens? If you collect no reve-
nue oil woollens, you must collect the more on
other articles of foreign importation. The only
way you can give the manufacturer protection, is
by prohibiting the foreign article which comes in
competition with his labor, lessening the importa-
tions, or enabling him to obtain a higher price for
his commodities. If you do the first, you destroy
revenue; if the second, you lessen it; and if the
last, you tax the consumer to give a bounty to the
manufacturer.
Before I proceed further, let me define my posi-
tion, and that of the democratic party in the West,
upon this question. We are in favor of imposing
duties upon foreign goods imported into this coun-
try, sufficiently high to produce revenue enough to
pay all the expenses of an economical administra-
tion of the government. In the imposition of these
duties, we would discriminate in favor of those ar-
ticles which enter into the general consumption of
the country} so th&t the burden of ts.xy.tion might
fall most heavily upon those who are best able to
sustain it. These duties, therefore, should be laid
on luxuries rather than necessaries. The consti-
tution gives us the right to impose duties for the
purpose of paying the public debt, and defraying
the expenses of the government; and we are in fa-
vor of confining it to this. . We deny your power
to enhance the profits of one branch of industry at
the expense of another. We deny your power to
rob the farmer for the purpose of enriching the
manufacturer. "Equal protection to all exclusive
privileges to none," is our motto.
If I can demonstrate that, under the operation of
the high protective tariff passed by the whig party
in the last Congress, the manufacturers have reaped
enormous profits, whilst the agriculturists have
been depressed, I will have shown that the law
bears unequally, unjustly, and oppressively upon
the most meritorious class. I stand upon this floor
as an humble representative of the farming interest,
and so long as I am honored with a seat here, I
shall be found warring against any system calcu-
lating to exercise an injurious influence upon that
interest. The farmer demands no exclusive privi-
leges; he asks no protection against foreign compe
tition; he simply desires that no taxes shall be
levied to take from his hard earning* to enrich other
The manufacturer has the advantage of the farm-
er from the manner in which you collect your rev-
enue. You cannot protect the farmer by the im-
position of high duties upon1 those articles of foreign
production, similar to those which he produces,
(for instance, corn, wheat, pork, &c.) because none
are ordinarily imported, for the reason that the
American .from the fertility of our soil, can pro-
duce them as low as any other nation upon the
face of the earth. A duty, therefore, on corn, wheat,
pork, &c., would be no advantage to him, because
they do not come in competition with his in this
market. - You collect your revenue, however, by
the imposition of taxes on foreign manufactures,
which come in competition here with the labor of
our home manufacturers. Here, then, in the very
system of duties on imports, he necessarily has the
advantage of the farmer. The bill now under con-
sideration imposes an average rate of duties of
30 per cent.; to this, you must add the cost
of transportation, rate of insurance, and a fair
profit to the importer, &c., in order to
ascertain the amount of protection which
the home manufacturer will receive. This will
make the protection equivalent to 45 or 50 per cent.
Every duty you impose on foreign goods, whether
1 per cent, or 30 per cent., is, pro tanto, a protection
to the manufacturer here. Now, our whig friends
complain of the pauper labor of other countries com-
ing in competition with ours! What proportion of
the expense of manufacturing cloths consists in man-
ual labor? I affirm that it does not constitute one-
fifth. How, then, can they complain when a mere
revenue tariff will give them a protection equivalent
to nearly 50 per cent.? That protection will give
him much more than enough to make the manual
labour in his manufactory free; and if, when labor
costs him nothing, he cannot, with the other advan-
tages he possesses in the cheapness of foad, water-
power, &c., compete with the foreigner, he would do
well to abandon his machinery, and seek some oth-
er employment.
But why do the manufacturers complain of the
pauper labor sf England? Because, that labor being
cheap, the English can manufacture and sell lower
than he can. Unless this js the case, I can gee no
reason for the complaint. Well, if such be the fact,
what is the remedy? To prohibit the foreign article,
or levy so high a tax on it as to enhance its price,
and thus bring it up to the standard at which the
manufacturer here can afford to sell. If, as the whigs
say, the effect of high duties be to lessen the price,
how is the home manufacturer benefited? If he is
not enabled to substitute his for the foreign commo-
dities, how does he gain? To illustrate: suppose 1
am the only importer of cotton goods into this coun-
try. In 1842 I import cottons to the amount of one
million of dollars, and upon thin pay into the cus-
tom-house a duty of 30 per cent., amounting to
$300,000; this I add, of course, to the cost of the
goods, and then sell them at one million three
hundred thousand dollars. Now, you pass a
tariff, as you did the last Congress, imposing a
duty of 60 per cent, on cottons. I go to
England in 1843, to purchase goods, and knowing
that I will have to pay a duty here of 60 per cent,
before I can get them into the market, I say to the
foreigner I cannot afford to pay you a million, be-
cause an additional duty of $300,000 has been le-
vied in America. Suppose he deducts this from
the price I hitherto paid him: I can then come in
and sell as low as I did before. What advantage,
under this state of facts, would the manufacturer
have derived from the duty of 60 per cent5 I am
still competing with him at the old prices. But sup-
pose the Englishman refuses to make any reduction
for the duty, and I pay him again a million of dol-
lars for the same quantity of goods; 1 bring them to
the country, and after I have paid the duty, they
cost me sixteen hundred thousand dollars, and 1 sell
tnem m this marKet tor tnat price: aoes not the ad-
ditional duty of j.300,000 fall on the consumer? If I
knew that I could not obtain this price here, I would
not import any, and therefore there would be a loss
to the revenue of $600,000. This amount being ne-
cessary to pay the expenses of the government,
it would have to be made up by the imposition of
duties on some other articles used by the consumer.
Thus you would have given protection sto the man-
ufacturers of cotton here, by destroying all revenue
on that article.
It has been said, however, that "lf we protect,
awhile, our manufacturers will soon be able to give
1790
1S16
1824
1828
1833
1842
7 1-2
25
?3 1-3
3d 1-2
33 1-2
40
7 1-2
H5
'33 1-2
SO
47
40
7 1-2
50
60
72
63
75
7 1-2
31
37
43
. 35 3-4
80
7 1-3
31
37
25
23 1-2
39|
us goods cheaper than other countries can." "Give
us high duties until _ we get fairly started, and then
we can get along without them !" This was said
at the outset of this protective system; and what has
experience demonstrated? A few facts will meet
this question.
Take the duties per cent, on the following arti-
cles:
Cloths,
Kerseymei
Calicoes,
Cottons not
dyed,
Prints,
I might extend this table still farther; but enough
is given to show the fallacy of the argument pre-
sented here. Under the operation of this system, it
will be long, very long, before the manufacturer will
have attained the promised point! Instead of be-
ing satisfied with high duties for a short period, it
will be seen that, whenever the question has been
agitated, increased duties have been demanded.
The interest of the manufacturer is, to some ex
tent, adverse to that of the farmer. The manufac-
turer is interested in having the expenditures of the
government as large and extravagant as possible,
because the more extravagance the higher the taxes
must be, in order to collect it; and the higher the
taxes the more protection he receives. It is per-
haps for this reason that the manufacturers, and the
representatives of that interest on this floor, are al-
ways ready to vote for the, largest appropriations
asked for. It is the interest of the farmer to have
the expenses as low as possible, because the money
comes out of his labor.
We have evidence before us that our manufac-
turers, the large over-grown monopolies on this side
of the mountains, under the operation of the whig-
protective tariff of 1842, have been deriving 15, and
as high as 35 per ccnt. upon the capital invested.
How stands the case with the farmer? I venture to
say that, on an average, he has not derived 4 per
cent, upon the capital employed. Statements have
been laid before us showing that many of these
favored manufactories have, during several years
past, been' dividing from 12 to 15 per cent, amongst
the stockholders, whilst the farmei 8' J bor has not
certainly yielded over 5 per cent. It could scarcely
be expected that we of the farming States would
stand quiet under such flagrant oppression.
The exports of this country are furnished mainly
by the agriculturists, and are always in proportion
to the imports. The imports are the exchanges for
the exports. Whatever lessens or diminishes the
imports, affccts injuriously the interest of the class
which furnishes the exports. By destroying im-
portations you take from . the farmer a market for
his surplus produce. If you refuse to purchase
from other nations, you cannot expect to sell; be-
cause you have taken from them the ability to buy
from you. The true evidence of the prosperity of a
country is to be found in the quantity of its domes-
tic exports. Let us, therefore, look at the docu-
ments for the purpose of ascertaining the effect of
high and low duties on exports.
In 1828, "the bill of abominations," as it has been
called, was passed, being, in the main, the highest
protective tariff we have ever had. From 1829 to
1832, inclusive, (four years,) we exported of our
domestic produce $239,600,000. This includes the
whole existence of that bill, for the "compromise
act" was passed in 1833. Now, we are told, that,
on the 31st December, 1837, the duties were down
so low that protection was no longer given to the
manufacturer. Take, then, four years of low duties,
from 1838 to 1841: you find the amount of your ex-
ports $420,137,000, being $180,537,000 more than
during the four years of protective tariff of 1828.
But again: Let us divide the compromise law of
1833. The first four yeais, including 1837, com-
prised the protective part; the succeeding four years,
including 1841, has been called ami-protective.
Now, from ^1834 to 1837, inclusive, wc imported
$64,456,415 more than we exported. Those gentle-
men who prate so much about the "balance of
trade," are invited to look at this fact, and see the
heavy "balance" against us. From Ib'38 to 1841, in-
clusive, (being the period of low duties,) our imports
were $510,896,543, and our expo)is $537,092,927,
being a "balance" in our favor of $26,796,384! 1
invite the friends of high duties to examine these
facts, and account for them. In 1838, '39, and !40,
when you tell us we had no protective tariff, we «-
ported $33,890,000 more than we imported!
