CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
ative, and 27 in the negative, being less than a
quorum.
Mr. WELLER asked for tellers.
And Messrs. Vinton and Chapman were appoint-
ed; and they reported 73 in the affirmative, and 23
in the negative, being less than a quorum.
Mr.yHALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas
103, nays 43. So the rules were suspended.
Mr. HUNT said it appeared to him that there
was one clause of the resolution which was highly
objectionable. He desired that it might be again
read. *
The resolution was accordingly , read by the
Clerk.
Mr. HUNT proceeded to observe that it would
be seen that the resolution contains an imputation
upon the character of the major general.
Mr. HOUSTON rose to a question of order. He
did not understand the resolution as being yet be-
fore the House for discussion.
The SPEAKER observed that the resolution was
now before the House, the rules having been
suspended for the purpose of considering it.
Mr. HUNT said be hoped the resolution would
not be adopted, as it contained imputations against
the character of the major general, which were com-
pletely at variance with the character of that distin-
guished officer. There should be, at least, some bet-
ter evidence produced than any which the House
possessed, before they proceeded to attribute mo-
tives to a distinguished officer, which must do him
great injustice.
Mr. HOUSTON said he did not understand the
i esolution as being of the character which the gen-
tleman described. He thought it was a proper sub-
ject of inquiry. The resolution merely asked for
information. He therefore demanded the previous
question.
Messrs. VANCE and PAYNE desired an oppor-
tunity to make some remarks; but
Mr. HOUSTON insisting updn his demand for
the previous question,- on seconding that demand
tellers were appointed, who reported the votes to
be 81 in the affirmative, and 40 in the negative.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now put.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose, he said, to ask for the
yeas and nays upon the adoption of this extraor-
dinary resolution.
Mr. BARRINGER inquired whether the reso-
lution could now be modified.
The SPEAKER replied that the resolution, at
this stage, could not be modified.
The yeas and nays were demanded.
Mr. SL1DELL said, before voting, he desired to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs whether this resolution had the sanction of
that committee.
Mr. HARALSON said, in reply, that he had not
been apprized of any such resolution.
Mr. VANCE rose to make some remark in refer-
ence to the resolution, but was called to order; and
the yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
thus—yeas 98, nays 63, as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs Adams, Anderson, Atkinson. Baler, Tien-
toil, Blackwell, Bower. Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoft, Aaion
V. Brown, Milton Brown. William J. Brown, Burke,
Caldwell, Cary, Cdtliu, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Collamer, Cullom. Dana, John
W. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dunlap, Ellis, Ficklm, French,
Byram Green, Hale, Henley, Hemck, Iloge, Houston,
Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerlord, James B. Hunt,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George YV. Jones. Andrew Kennedy, Labranche.
Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, >la-
clav, McOlernand, McConnell, McDowell. McKay, Joseph
Morris, Norris, Owen, Panneuter, Patterson, Payne, Pettit,
Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Preston, David S. Reid, Reding,
Relte, Ritter, Robeits, Robinson, Rogers, Saunders. Thom-
as H Seymour, J3avid I... Se> mour. Simons, Simpson, John
T. Smith, Thos. Smith, Robert Smith, Spence, Stecnrod,
John Stewait, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Thompson, Tibbatts,
Wetlei, Wentwoitli, Whcaton, Williams, Joseph AAViight,
and Yost—9S. ,
ajAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Barnnger, Barnard, Ldward J.
KarJee, Fish, Foot, (iiddings, Cinder, Ilarper, Hopkins,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Chailes J. Ingcrsoll, Joseph
R. Ingersoll, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, McClel-
land. Mcllvaine. Edward J. Morris, Morse, Nes, Newton,
Elisha R. Potter, Ramsey, Rockwell, Rodney, Sample,
Schenck, Senter, Severance, Shdell, Albert Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Summers, Sykes, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Van-
meter, Vinton, Wethered, "White, Wintlirop, Woodward,
and William Wright—63.
Mr. BURKE moved a reconsideration of the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and demanded
the previous question, which was seconded by the
House; and under its operation the motion for recon-
sideration was rejected.
ENGRAVING OP MAPS.
The SPEAKER said that the first business in
order was the report of the Committee on Engraving
made yesterday; and the report, being taken up and
considered by the House, was coneurred in.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. SCHENCK asked if it would be in order ta
move for a suspension of the rules to take up the
resolution of the Senate, fixing the day of the ad-
journment of Congress.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution would
come up in the regular course of business, imme-
diately after the morning hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. Would it then have precedence
of all other business.
The SPEAKER. It would if a majority of the
House did not determine to give other business the
precedence.
Mr. SCHENCK said then, that in that case he
would rather trust to a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BLACK inquired of the Chair if the resolu-
tion of the Senate made any provision for an extra
session.
The SPEAKER said that it did not.
Mr WELLER said, he supposed that the House
would adjourn before they had been here nine
months, as the whig Congress was.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said that the resolution would
come up in the usual course, after the morning hour,
and there was no doubt but it would be taken lip
and acted on.
Mr. SCHENCK said that a motion might be
made and carried to go into Committee of the Whole,
and thus prevent the resolution coming up. He
would prefer, therefore, a suspension of the rules.
Mr. Schenck then called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. HALE wished to know if the motion could
be amended.
The SPEAKER said it could not.
The question was then taken, and resulted in yeas
88, nays 81.
There not being a vote of two-thirds, the rules
were not suspended.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER said that the next business in
order was the resolution of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Campbell,J from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, setting apart
three days for the consideration of the business of
the District of Columbia.
Mr. HENLEY asked when the resolution for
adjournment would come up.
The SPEAKER said it would come up after the
expiration of the morning hour, unless the House
suspended the rules for other business. *
Mr. HENLEY then gave notice that he should
call it up at the earliest possible time when it could
be considered.
The resolution of Mr. Campbell was then taken
up and read; when
Mr. CAMPBELL proposed a modification of his
resolution, so as to take the the 6th, 7th, and 8th
legislative days of May instead of the three first
legislative days; but the SPEAKER said no modi-
fication would be in order, the resolution being un-
der the operation of the previous question.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution, and earned—ayes 80, noes 59.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then, in pursuance of the rules,
proceeded to call on the standing committees for re-
ports; and the following reports were made:
Mr. ANDREW STEWART, from the Commit-
tee fdt the District of Columbia, reported the follow-
ing bills; which were severally read twice, and re-
ferred:
A bill to amend the act entitled An act to incorpo-
rate the Alexandria Canal company; and
A bill to incorporate the Georgetown college, in
the District of Columbia.
Mr. K1RKPATRICK, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, made several adverse re-
ports; and, on his motion, it was
Ordered, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be discharged from the consideration of
the petitions of J. C. Fitzpatrick, and of the North-
ern Liberties Fire Company, in the City of Wash-
ington, for an appropriation; and also of the peti-
tions for a law to prevent the selling of slaves in
the District of Columbia; and that they do 'lie on
the table.
INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODD FELLOWS-AND
FREE MASONS OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA.
Mr. BOWER, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to incorporate the
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fel-
lows for the District of Columbia.
Mr. G. W. JONES thought it better to dispose of
this bill at once, without any further waste of time.
He was not a member of an odd-fellows society;
but there was another bill accompanying the bill
now before the House, which would be reported,
to incorporate the Grand Lodge of Freemasons of
the District of Columbia, and he professed to be
one of that order; he was a member of a subordi-
nate lodge of a chapter, and of the Grand
Lodge of the State of Tennessee; and, as a
mason, and an American citizen, he was op-
posed to granting any act of incorporation to that
society. He had notheld any communication with
the odd fellows of this District; but he had con-
vered with a member of the grand lodge of the
District of Columbia, and that member had in-
formed him that he wished for no act of incorpora-
tion. He (Mr. J.) was opposed to acts of incorpo-
tion being granted to either of these orders; and
therefore, he would, if it were in order, move that
the bill be rejected. He should make a similar mo-
tion when the bill came up to incorporate the ma-
sons, and he hoped no friend to the order would sup-
port it. He believed masonry to be the best system of
moral philosophy now extant, the Christian re-
ligion alone excepted; it was a charitable institu-
tion, and he was unwilling to see it allied with so
unholy a thing as a corporation.
Mr. HOLMES was surprised to hear such lan-
guage from the gentleman from Tennessee. Why,
if these societies were to have any extensive utility,
they must be incorporated; for nothing short of the
protection of law for their property, would secure
to individuals all the benefits these societies were
designed and calculated to confer.
Mr. STEENROD moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. CAMPBELL asked the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to withdraw that motion, that the gentleman
who reported the bill might have an opportunity to
make some explanatory remarks.
Mr. STEENROD refused to do so.
Mr. COBB said that common courtesy would dic-
tate that this bill should go through the usual and
ordinary forms of legislation, and not be thus sum-
marily rejected.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was agreed
to, without a division.
Mr. BOWER then reported the bill to incorporate
the Grand Lodge of Freemasons of the District of
Columbia.
He said he was not a freemason himself, but he
had seen how destitute widows and helpless orphans
had been protected and maintained by this order,
amongst whom were found some of the first order
of men, and some of the best that ever adorned this
world; and, when he saw so much good produced
by societies of this character, he felt that he was
fully justified in taking the course which he had
done as a member of the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. PAYNE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted thus
—yeas Ml:2. nays 30.
So the bill was laid on the table.
On motion ofMr. ROBINSON,
Ordered, That the Comittee for the District of
Columbia be discharged from the consideration of
the petition of James Dixon.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee oil the
Judiciary, made an adverse report upon the case of
John Harper; which was oruered to he upon the
table.
Mr. FRENCH, from the same eonimittec, made
an adverse report upon the petition of David Mel-
ville, administrator of Benjamin Fry; which was
laid on the table.
Mr. VINTON, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief ofWm. P. Duvall; which
was read twice, and committed to the Commi'tee
of the whole House.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the
