462
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Rhode Island Memorial—Mr. C. B. Smith.
H. of Reps.
nying the census of 1840, for the purpose of ascer-
taining the number of persons engaged in the manu-
factures particularly protected by the existing tariff.
The result of that examination 1 will now give you.
The number of persons engaged in cotton manu-
factures in the United States is 72,119. The duty
imposed as reported to the Committee of Ways and
Means by merchants, from actual operations, ranges
as high as from 95 to 160 per cent. Whilst the cu-
rious fact is shown, that, in 1842, we exported of
white cottons, $1,012,070 more than we imported.
The number of persons engaged in woollen manu-
factures is 21,342. The duty on articles competing
with theirs is now 40 per cent., and the present bill
proposes 30 per cent.
The number engaged in silk and flax manufac-
tures is 2,395.
Engaged in "mixed manufactures" is 15,905.
In the manufacture of hardware, cutlery, &c.
5,492. And upon many articles manufactured by
them, the duties are as high as 200 per cent.
Number of persons employed in the manufacture
of hats, caps, bonnets, &c., is 20,176.
In the manufacture of glas3ware, earthenware,
&c., 4,948. Upon some articles as high as 175 per
cent.
In the manufacture of iron, including mining,
there are 30,497 persons engaged. The duties range
from 75 to 120 per cent.
In the coal business there are 6,811 employed.
I have taken these statements from the official re-
turns of the marshals, and find the whole number
employed in these branches to be 179,685. These
include all the manufacturers specially provided for
in this bill.
Now, sir, these kind manufacturers tell the
farmers that, if they will stand still and be taxed
from 50 to 200 per cent., they will furnish them with
a "home market" for their agricultural productions!
I can show gentlemen, by the table before me, that
five counties in Ohio produce 3,191,438 bushels of
wheat, and 8,044,975 bushels of corn, being more
than enough to supply the whole of these "favored
branches of manufactures." Well, if it takes fifty
years to furnish a "home market" for the produc-
tions of five counties, how long before you can ex-
pect a market for the balance? Why, sir, I can
show gentlemen that three of the States of this con-
federacy can, under a proper cultivation, produce
breadstuffs enough to supply all the manufacturers
in England and the United States. It is therefore
supremely ridiculous to expect a "home market"
for our agricultural productions.
In consequence of the course pursued by the dele-
gation on this floor from Pennsylvania, I have
turned to the tables accompanying the census, for
the purpose of ascertaining the number of persons
in that State engaged in the iron and coal business.
The whole number employed in the manufacture of
iron, including mining, is 11,522; in the man-
ufacture of hardware, cutlery, &e., 770; in the coal
business, 4,775; making, m all, 17,067 persons.
And yet, sir, because of this comparatively trifling
interest, we have the whole delegation from that
State clamorous for a protective tariff. Protect our
iron and coal, and we give you of the West a "home
market" for your productions. Why, sir, my own
county (Butler) raises enough breadstuffs to supply
the whole of them. Do gentlemen expect us to be
humbugged into such a system? Do they wish to
tax the three millions of farmers in this country, for
the benefit of 17,067 persons in Pennsylvania?
The true interest of the manufacturer, in my
opinion, demands a stable and fixed, rather than a
high rate of taxes. To have a stable tariff, you
must have a stable currency; and this you never can
have under your banking system. A duty which
this year, under one state of the currency, would
amount to prohibition, the next year, under a dif-
ferent state, would afford no protection at all. Sup-
pose, for example, the Frenchman can manufacture
cloths, and sell them is this markpt, at three dollars
per yard; it costs the American four dollars to man-
ufacture goods of the same quality. You desire
to place the home manufacturer on an equality with
the foreigner, and therefore a duty of one dollar per
yard is laid on the French cloth; they are then on
equal terms. Next year, with your paper money
machines, the currency is expanded, the raw mate-
rial adiances, the wages of the laborer is enhanced,
the orice of living increased, and the American, in-
stead of being able to sell at four dollars, cannot
manufacture for less than five dollars per yard.
This expanding of the currency here does not, of
ppurse, affect the cost of the manufacturers in
France, and having a stable currency, he can afford
to sell at the old prices. Will he not have the con-
trol of this market,^and drive the American out of
it, unless you increase the duties? Are you not,
therefore, compelled, with every change of the cur-
rency, to modify your tariff by increasing or di-
minishing the duties? I throw out these sugges-
tions for the purpose of showing that the manu-
facturer, above all others, is int§re|Jed in having a
stable and certain currency—a currency not capable
of contraction to-day and expansion to-morrow.
It has been said on the other side of this hall that
a protective tariff will enable the farmer to obtain a
higher price for his productions. Let us examine
this assertion, and see how much truth there is in it.
The average price of wheat in Philadelphia from
1828 to 1837, being nine years of your high pro-
tective tariff, was 92 cents per bushel; for the suc-
ceeding four years of low duties, $ 1 08 per bushel.
The average price of flour for nine years of high
tariff, $4 ,60 per bairel; for four years of low duties,
$5 70 per barrel. The average price of corn for
nine years of high duties, 54 cents per bushel; for
four years of low tariff, 82 cents per bushel. The
average price of wheat in the northeast part of Ohio
for nine years of protection, 67 cents per bushel;
whilst for four years of low duties, 81 cents per
bushel. The average price of beef, (salted,) per bar-
rel of 200 pounds, in Philadelphia, from 1828 to
1831, (high tariff,) was $10 374; from 1837 to 1840,
(low duties,) §15 20 per barrelf The average price
of pork, (salted,) per barrel of 200 pounds clear,
from 1828 to 1831, was $8 56; from 1837. to 1840,
$10 93 per barrel. Let it also be remembered that
this high protective period I have selected was
whilst the national bank was in full operation.
These plain and simple facts require no comment;
they are worth all the sophistry and bombast em-
ployed on the other side of the House. The honest
farmer will understand this much more easily than
the fine-spun theories of these manufacturers, who
regard taxation as a blessing.
The gentleman from Maryland—I mean the gen-
tleman who sometimes writes romances, [Mr. Ken-
nedy]—amused the committee (and it is a striking
illustration of the force of habit) by charging the
democratic party with a disposition to shut out light
from the people on this subject. Sir, if there be any
political question upon which we desire the especial
cousideration and attention of the great body of the
American people, it is the very question now before
us. We feel satisfied that this special legislation
for particular interests will, when fully understood,
receive the condemnation of all except the interested
manufacturer who is to be enriched by the system.
But we have "shut out the ligh'," because we re-
fused to print ten thousand extra copies of a stale re-
port, full of misrepresentations and false assump-
tions, presented by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hudson,] who represents a district pe-
culiarly interested in the protective system. That
report was presented in the name of the Committee
on Manufactures, to whom the House refused to re-
fer the subject of the tariff. But how stands the ac-
count? We printed twenty thousand copies of the
report made by the majority of the Committee of
Ways and Means. Two reports were made by the
minority, and ten thousand copies of each ordered to
be printed. What ground, then, is there for com-
plaint' But we refused to print a petition presented
by the gentleman from Maryland from the tailors,
&c. from Baltimore in relation to the proposed du-
ties on ready-made clothing. It has never been the
practice of tins Hou>e to print such petitions; and be-
cause we would not depart fiom that practice to ac-
commodate a poi tion of his constituency, he charges
us with a disposition to "shut out light!"
I have turned to the tables for the purpose of as-
certaining the amount of ready mode clothing im-
ported into this country, tn order that I might see
whether there were any grounds for the complaints
of his constituents. I find, that in 1842, when the
duties were too low to prohibit importations, the
whole amount of ready made clothing imported,
was $28,312; and tins is to breakup all the me-
chanics of Baltimore! I pity the tailors of this
country, if they are to be broken up by throwing
foreign clothinof to the amount of $28,312 into com-
petition with their labor!
I intend to vote for the bill now under considera-
tion, although ihere are sonic provisions in it to
which I am utterly opposed. As a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I voted against
many of the duties imposed by this act; and I now
sustain it simply because it is far preferable to the
existing law. The duties on iron, sugar, salt, and
some other articles are, in my judgment, too high;
and but for a desire to conciliate other sections of
the confederacy, and thus secure a modification of
the present law, I could not have given" my sanction
to this bill. I trust the day is not far distant, when
this whole question will be settled upon a perma-
nent basis—b, basis which will be satisfactory to the
great agricultural interest of.this country. It will
not be done, however, until public attention has
been fully roused to the evils of the existing tariff,
and the strong voice of the oppressed and beggared
yeomanry is heard in this hall.
SPEECH OF MR. C. B. SMITH,
OP INDIANIA.
In the House of Representatives, March 14, 1844.—On
the memorial of the "democratic members" of the
legislature of Rhode Island:
The resolution reported by the Select Committee,
to which was referred ,the memorial of the "demo-
cratic members" of the legislature of Rhode Island,
asking authority to send for persons and papers, be-
ing under consideration—
Mr. CALEB B. SMITH, of Indiana, being enti-
tled to the floor, said he was at a loss to conceive
what motive had prompted the introduction of the
memorial to the House, or what object was expect-
ed to be attained by those who had caused its intro-
duction.
It purports (said Mr. Smith) to be a memorial
from the "democratic members" of the legislature of
Rhode Island. It is not usual for persons who peti-
tion this body for legislative action to assume a dis-
tinct political character; and I presume it is the first
time that a petition, or memorial, has ever been pre-
sented to either branch of Congress which, upon its
face, purported to emanate from any political party.
It is true that a majority of the members of this
House belong to that political party which styles
itself the "democratic party." Why is an appeal
made to their political prejudices? Do the memori-
alists suppose that their prayers are more likely to
be granted because they assume the name of "dem-
ocrats?" Do they entertain so poor an opinion of
the majority upon this floor, as to believe that they
will yield to them, on account of the identity of their
political opinions, that which, without such identity
of opinion, their judgments would induce them to
refuse? Those who can ask, or expect, that their
petitions will be granted upon such grounds, must
be as base and corrupt as this House would be
should it be influenced such considerations.
I cannot believe, Mr. Speaker, that it has ever
been expected, either by those who signed this me-
morial, or by those who have been instrumental in
bringing it before the House, that any serious action
would be had upon it here. We are about entering
upon an important political canvass. A contest for
the supremacy for the next four years is about be-
ing commenced between the political parties which
divide the people. The party which was driven
from power in 1840, for its numerous and gross
abuses, is again seeking possession of the govern-
ment. Its leaders, with an appetite for the "spoils,"
whetted by a four years' abstinence, have again
spread upon the breeze the standard of locofocoism.
To encourage their followers, and afford them some
prospect of success, some new questions must be
presented, and some new issues raised. The stale
and exploded humbugs of Mr. "Van Buren's admin-
istration will no longer answer the purpose of de-
luding the people. Some new poliucal capital must
be manufactured, as a ba--'is of future operations.
This capita! is to be sought for in the Dorr rebellion
of Rhode Inland.
This memovi.il has been presented and referred
to a committee, which now asks from the House
authority to send for persons and papers. Should
this power be granted, a few individuals of the prop-
er s'arnp may be sent for, to tell the story of the
wrongs and sufferings of the "persecuted patriots"
of Rhode Island; an mflammatoiy report be made,
presenting a partial and ex parte statement of the
matter, which may be spread before the country to
enlist its sympathies in behalf of those who have
been successfully resisted, in their attempts to sub-
vert the government of a State by lawless violence.
Beyond this, the action of this House cannot go.
That we have any right to interfere with tne do-
mestic affairs of Rhode island will not be contended
for. Whether Thomas W. Dorr is the lawful gov-
ernor of the State, or whether he is justly ehaaged
with treaspt! to the State, are questions with which
