CONtrRESSlONAli GLOBE.
tj. ■
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1844.
Volume
13....No. 29.
[Continued /romJVo. 28.]
knew it was said that they were not now prepared
to act—that they had not before them the requisite
information to guide them in such legislation; but
he, for one, felt perfectly ready and prepared to act.
He needed no more information than he already
possessed. They had sufficient information from a
standing; committee which had maturely considered
the subject. But it was said that these ninety su-
pernumerary second lieutenants were employed in
the bureaus; but he had been to the departments,
and had never seen them there employed. It was
well known that they were unemployed, while they
were receiving pay from the country.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said, if the gentleman
from New York would give him the name of any
one of them that he supposed was unemployed, he
pledged himself to obtain the information which
would show how they were employed.
Mr. SEYMOUR said he was not acquainted with
the names of those officers, but he was satisfied that,
if ninety supernumerary second lieutenants were
employed in the bureaus here, they would be
seen. He was willing that our military officers
should be properly paid, but beyond that he
would not go. He had come here to carry
out those principles of economy and retrenchment
which he professed; but if the committee was averse
to the adoption of the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, he should despair of accomplishing any
useful retrenchment in any department of this gov-
ernment; for there could not be a more palpable case
than that now presented to the House.
Mr. HALE said, whatever motions were made to
retrench any department of this government, some
friend of that particular branch would rise and say,
Oh! teuch notthis, it is the most useful to the coun-
try; retrench, if you please, but go elsewhere to
make your retrenchment. But he would say, with
the gentleman from New York, that, if this proposed
retrenchment failed, he sheuld utterly despair of
effecting any retrenchment worthy of the na e. It
was said these officers were employed; but employed
in what' It was said they were employed in bu-
reaus; but if they were, they were ladies' bureaus,
decorating their persons. Many of these officers
were allowed forage and horses—to do what? To
ride from one bureau to the other?
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL remarked that
he had pledged himself to produce the evidence of
their employment—information to be procured ex
cathedra, and from the proper quarter.
Mr. HALE said they had had too many ex ca-
thedra statements made to the House, and he hoped
they should have less for the future. He did not
like the close proximity of the headquarters, and he
should like to put the cathedral further off. [Laugh-
ter.] He further remarked, that eleven of these
supernumerary second lieutenants were employed
as assistant professors at West Point, without law,
and against law, and to this he objected; but when
a reform was attempted, it was called "a ruthless
piece of agrarianism." He was much gratified with
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio. He hoped
that gentleman's suggestion would be adopted, and
that this amendment" would be approved by the
committee.
Mr. BLACK of South Caiolina regretted that
this subject had thus been sprung upon the House.
The Committee on Retrenchment, of which he was a
member, had considered and reported on this sub-
ject, and the bill which they had reported was now
'on the calendar, and would soon come up for con-
sideration; but as the subject had come up, he would
observe that our army now was merely a skeleton,
each company having been reduced to forty-two
men, to each of which four officers necessarily be-
longed, and therefore these supernumerary officers
were unnecessarily employed.
Mr. FISH agreed with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, that these officers were fully employed, and
he hoped the amendment would not prevail. He
had not expected this debate to come up at this time,
or he should have been prepared to lay before the
committee official statements, which would have
shown how they were employed. He believed they
were essential to the efficiency of the army, and that
they were well employed.
As to the employment of these officers. They
were not employed in the bureau, but were em-
ployed in their various regiments, and necessarily
employed. He would mention one case where one
of these supernumerary lieutenants, within two
years after he had graduated, had the command of
a company at New Orleans; and he would leave it
to any'gentleman, however much opposed to this
command in the army, to say whether this officer
was not necessarily employed.
The act of 1812 limited the number, of cadets at
the Military Academy to two hundred and fifty.
The construction put upon the act by the attorney
general, was, that sixty might be educated annual-
ly. The consequence was, the number rose at one
time as high as two hundred and ninety-seven.
The act of 1842 reduced the number, and fixed the
maximum at two hundred and thirty-seven. Tak-
ing this as the maximum, the average number of
admissions would be thirty-one annually. This
was precisely corresponding to the average number
of vacancies occurring in the army.
He supposed it was not necessary to go into an
argument as to the importance of this skeleton sys-
tem upon which our.army was organized; but he
wished to call the attention of the committee es-
pecially to the fact that these supernumerary officers,
as they were called, were actually necessary to fill
the vacancies occurring every year. They were
also, in the mean time, employed upon staff duty—
upon duty imposed upon them by Congress.
If the amendment should prevail, it would involve
the. House in the necessity of further action—action
far beyond that anticipated. The proposition be-
longed appropriately to the Retrenchment Commit-
tee. He hoped the gentleman would withdraw his
proposition, because it would embarrass the pro-
ceedings upon the retrenchment bill, as well as the
one now before the House.
Mr. HARALSON said, perhaps it would be well
to understand precisely where they stood upon this
question. He thought they were acting somewhat
prematurely. The question respecting the reduc-
tion of the institution at West Point had been refer-
red to one of the committees of the House—the
Committee on Retrenchment; and yet, when an ap-
propriation was under consideration, the occasion
was seized upon for striking a death-blow at the in-
stitution, although that committee had not yet made
their report. He thought it would be well to wait
until the report should be laid before them; and
when in possession of all the details, a measure
might be devised by which these supernu-
meraries should be reduced, and ultimately
absorbed, and placed upon active service. He
would not ask the House to wait for the report of
the Military Committee, if they were determined to
make a sweep at once from the public service; but
he thought they ought at least to wait for the report
of the Retrenchment Committee, to which the sub-
ject had been specially referred. If these officers
were unnecessary, he wanted to know it, and he
would agree that they should be dismissed; but they
could not at present determine upon this point. He
would suggest that the subject be passed over for
the present; or, if that were not the proper mode, he
would move that the committee rise.
Mr. THOMPSON said he hope;! the committee
would not v!.- ' .
Mr. McKAY said he hoped that the committee
would proceed to pass this bill. If it wfre the de-
termination of a majority of the House to discharge
the supernumerary lieutenants, it would be com-
petent to do so either by the mode proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio, or by the passage of the bid
reported by the gentleman from South Carolina
from the Retrenchment Committee. How had the
army been formerly reduced? It had been done by
provisions inserted originally in appropriation bills,
if this appropriation were passed, and afterwards a
bill should be passed making a reduction in the ar-
my, the one would not interfere with the other.
The money which would be saved by the reduction
would not be drawn from the treasury. Therefore
there was no sort of necessity for a postponement of
the action of the House upon this bill.
Mr. THOMPSON said he was opposed to a post-
ponement of the bill. The views expressed by a
committee certainly were entitled to have just weight,
and he was always'disposed to give way to: those
views, provided they did not come in direct conflict
with some material obstacle in his own mind. But
when the subject of the Military Academy was up
before, the same arguments were advanced, that if
a reduction was afterwards made, the money would
not be drawn from the treasury. He vqtea for the
appropriation with that understanding; aild subse-
quent reflection had well nigh convinced him that
he had done wrong, because the passage of that
appropriation was taken as an expression of wil-
lingness on the part of all who voted for it, that the
academy should stand as it is. He was of opinion
that these supernumerary officers should be dis-
pensed with; and he was supported in this opinion
by the declaration of the gentleman from South
Carolina, that it was the unanimous opinion of the
committee that their services might be dispensed
with without detriment to the public service. This,
with the information which he had individually,
was conclusive with him that they ought to be dis-
charged. If they were going - to pass this bill with-
out incorporating the proviso of the gentleman from
Ohio, he insisted that they ought to strike out the ap-
propriation for the pay of these officers, in order to
create a pledge on the part of the House that they
will take up a bill for the reduction of the army.
Mr. BLACK of South Carolina asked leave to
explain. In the statement he made, he intended to
say that all the members of the Committee on Re-
trenchment, who were present when the report was
agreed on, were in favor of it. There were two of
the members, however, who were not present when
it was made.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON continued. The gen-
tleman stated that he liad been informed by Col.
Totten, that these Supernumerary second lieuten-
ants were actively employed. Now, employed in
what? If they were employed in any bureau, he
should like to know whether they receive their pay
as clerks, in additiort to their pay as officers of the'
army.
Some explanation took place between Messrs.
HOLMES and THOMPSON, which was not
heard.
Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF observed that there
was one piece of information that he had been anx-
ious to get from the gentlemen who had addressed
the committee on this occasion, and that was in rela-
tion to the present employment of these supernume-
raries; but he had listened and listened in vain for
any information on that subject. One gentleman
said that they were employed in the bureaus. If
that was the case, he should like to know where
was the authority of law for employing them m
this manner. Congress had provided by law for
organization of the <dvil departments of the govern-
ment, and had fixed the number of clerks to be em-
ployed in thera, with the amount of their salaries;
but there was no authority for employing army of-
ficers in them, or for giving them pay as clerks.
Mr. FISH asked leave to make an explanation.
Both the gentlemen who had ,spoken of the em-
ployment of these supernumeraries were mistaken.
None of them were employed as clerks. He held
in his hand an official statement of the adjutant gen-
eral, by which it appeared that they were all doing
duty with their regiments, and taking the plaee °f
those officers who 'were employed in the stafi, and
in the bureaus of the War Department.
Mr. HOLMES made a brief explanation, not
leMi\ JACOB BRINKERHOFF said it appeared
that, the gentlemen could not agree a3 to what
these young men were doing. They agreed
that they were employed in something, but
what it was they could not determine. He had
heard about setting sailors to pick oakum to
keep them out of mischief; and on the same pnn-
principle, these young men might be employed m
doing the duties of commissioned officers to keep
them out of harm's way; but it seemed to him that
it was an unnecessary expense to the country. It
was observed by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. McKay,] in the course of his remarks,
that there was a great reduction in the rank and file
of the army; but notwithstanding that reduction,
