CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a light-house at Chicago, and at Little Fort, on
the western shore of Lake Michigan, in the State of
Illinois.
Mr. SEVIER presented a memorial from a num-
ber of citizens of Crawford county, Arkansas, in re-
gard to the condition of the Cherokees: referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The following engrossed bills were read the third
time, and passed, viz:
The entitled an act for the adjustment of land
claims within the States of Arkansas and. Louisiana,
and those parts of the States of Mississippi and Al-
abama east of Pearl river, and south of the 31st de-
gree of north latitude.
The bill for the relief of William McPherson.
The bill to amend an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish the northern boundary line of the State of Ohio,
and to provide for the admission of the State of
Miehigan into the Union upon the conditions therein
expressed," approved June 15, 1836.
The bill for the relief of James M. Mcintosh,
commander in the navy of the United States.
The bill concerning the Supreme Court of the
United States.
[This bill changes the time of the meeting of the
Supreme Court from the 2d Monday of January to
the 1st Monday of December.]
The bill for the relief of John Atchison.
The bill for the relief William Henson.
The bill to amend the judiciary act passed the
24th of September, 1789.
[This bill provides that all revenue cases may be
carried up, by writ of error, from the inferior to the
Supreme Court of the United States, by the option
of either party to the suit, without regard to the
amount involved in the suit.]
THE TARIFF THE COMPROMISE ACT.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
resolution reported from the Finance Committee for
the indefinite postponement of the bill introduced by
Mr. McDuffie to reduce the present tariff to the
standard of the compromise act.
Mr. SIMMONS, in continuation of his remarks
yesterday, addressed the Senate for two hours. He
took up again that part of his argument, in relation
to the average of duties anterior to 1817, and sub-
sequent to that period. His object, he said, had not
yesterday been to do away with tlie effect of the
tables made out by the senator from Missouri; but
to show that the average of duties for the first twen-
ty-five years of this government, was 19| per cent.;
whilst on the last twenty-five years, the average
had been only 18| per cent., including all the im-
ports of each period in the comparison. He had
since caused a table to be made out, excluding the
time of embargo; and the result was an average of
18| Per cent.; but still further, excluding the year
1808, up to 1807 the average was 17J.
Mr. McDUFFIE inquired if specie and free goods
were not included in Mr. S.'s statements?
Mr. SIMMONS said they were; the charge of the
revenue was upon all the imports, free and dutiable;
for he understood the true rule to be, to charge the
the whole commerce of the country with the bur-
den of revenue from duties. He said, as an instance,
that if, instead of imposing a certain amount of duty
to be divided equally on sugar and coffee, the same
amount was raised from sugar alone, and coffee
were left duty free, it could make no difference to
the consumers of sugar and coffee, because, on the
whole, they only paid the same amount of revenue,
in the latter case, that of all the duty being thrown
though, on sugar, the sugar planters w ould be pro-
tected, and coffee would be allowed to come in free.
He next adverted to the speeches made by the
senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDuffie] on
the present measure; which speeches he distinguish-
ed as remarkable for their display of intellectual
power. It was his design, in reviewing that sena-
tor's arguments, to endeavor to prove that the cot-
ton growing States were deeply interested in the
advance of the cotton manufactures in the United
States. Mr. S. here read a passage from one of
Mr. McDttffie's speeches in relation to the check
of importations affecting injuriously the staple ex-
ports of the South. Upon this passage he comment-
ed at considrable length, with a view of showing
that the compensation for diminished exports, if
there was any such diminution, was amply given in
the increase of the home market, which not only
produced for home consumption, but for exportation
of finished fabrics. He entered into a variety of
technical details descriptive of specific fabrics and
the specific duties on such goods if imported; com-
paring relative values of the foreign and American
fabrics, with a view of showing that prices
were lower by 15 per cent, in the United States,
beyond a year ago than they were in England. This
price, however, he said, being' ruinous, and the
prices abroad being also too low, it was necessary
that a rise should take place, or manufactures could
not exist; and consequently, since that time, an ad-
vance in both countries had taken place, equal to 25
percent., still leaving American goods cheaper by
15 per cent. Thus, he contended, those who were
engaged in manufactures had fulfilled the promises
they had made to the country when they asked for
protection; they had furnished not only as good ar-
ticles, but, in many instances, better; and all at low-
er prices than foreign goods, of like nature, could
be sold for here. All the reasonable expectations of
the country had therefore been satisfied.
Mr. S. next adverted to the proposition of the
honorable senator from South Carolina, that, if the
South were permitted to take advantage of her natu-
ral advantages, and of her natural . markets in for-
eign countries, and if she were left"to seek out her
own best interests in her own way, she would be
infinitely more prosperous; while the North and
East would find their own level,deprived of the protec-
tion which burdens the South with bounties for their
support. In opposition to this proposition, he (Mr.
S.) maintained that the natural market for any
national product, was within the country itself
where that product was grown.
He endeavored to show that the additional charges
in seeking a foreign market (all of which could be
avoided by cultivating a home market) proved that
the home market must be the natural market, and
the foreign the reverse. In support of this view,
he supposed a case in which the whole cotton crop
of the United States (say two millions of bales;
were sold in England at the average quotations of
the prices there; and that the gross amount would
be ^90,000,000; but from this the charges to the
English market should be deducted, amounting to
ยง12 per bale, or $24,000,000, leaving ยง65,000,000
for net proceeds. He then proceeded to show that
the home market would yield more than this. He
calculated that the whole crop manufactured in this
country would yield $155,000,000, giving $69,000,-
000 to the planters, and $86,000,000 to the home in-
dustry of the country, independent of the planting
industry. But he said he had yielded too much in
the calculation that, if the whole crop, instead of
the three-fourths actually now sold, were to go into
the foreign market, it could produce the prices he
had allowed. The addition to the supply of one-
fourth would have a serious effect on prices, and
cause the net proceeds to be infinitely less than he
had calculated. On the whole, he held that the best
policy in this country, for the planters, must be to
encourage the growth of the most extensive home
market that can be effected, and then to supply not
only all that can be absorbed by the usual foreign
markets, but to seek out new markets.
He considered the only real difference between
the senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDcffie]
and himself (Mr. S.) was, a question of wages. It
was, whether the wages of the labor of American
manufacturers should be brought downjo a level
with the wages of labor in Europe, or whether such
a reward should be given for American labor as
would enable it to be sustained in comfort and inde-
pendence. He denounced the agitation of the tariff
subject, as conducing to the depression of business;
the very dread of any interference with the present
law, he had been informed in a letter fiom Boston,
had already thrown a chill over mercantile transac-
tions, and would be calculated to keep back the
energies which, if the question was left undisturbed,
would be exerted. Stability would gain a great
point by discountenancing all designs of foreign
competitors to break down the industry of this coun-
try, with a view of ultimately being able to enjoy the
monopoly of the market.
He appealed to senators if it was not the fact that,
at the present moment, the most astonishing ad-
vances had not only been made in the production of
manufactured cotton, at prices considerably reduced
to the consumer, but in the productiveness of plan-
tations yielding the raw material, it was the result
of a steady pursuit in those lines of industry which
those who followed such avocations felt they were
secure in.
Mr. S. next took up the subject of the diversity
of interests in this country, which he considered
quite consistent with harmonious action, and best
calculated to promote national welfare. He ad-
verted to Professor Tucker's book, to show that the
value of manufactures in the United States was up-
wards of $400,000,000, from $162,000,000 of raw
material. The persons employed in manufactures
were 700,000, about one-third of the number em-
ployed in agriculture. Hence he argued that man-
ufactures formed an important national object, in
which the interests of the agriculturists were inter-
woven so intimately, that any injury to the one
must prove detrimental to the other.
Coming to the constitutional objection that the
power given by the constitution was to regulate
commerce, but not to destroy it; and that therefore
the protective tariff laws of 1828 and 1842 were not
constitutional laws, because, instead of regulating
commerce, they were laws which curtailed com-
merce; and therefore, to that extent, they destroyed
commerce. He said he did not understand any
senator but the senator from South Carolina, as
dwelling on this point of constitutionality. But he
(Mr. S.) conceived -that point had been so ably re-
futed by the senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Bates,] that it left but little to be said on the sub-
ject. He, (Mr. S.,) however, held that this power
in the constitution to regulate commerce extended
to the full power of the prohibition of imports, if
Congress conceived that necessary for the welfare of
the country. He adverted to one of the clauses in
the constitution, with a view of showing that it was
contemplated in it to give Congress the entire power
and control over imports and commerce. Hence he
held that it was perfectly within the power of Con-
gress to exercise control over commerce, even to the
exclusion, by prohibition, of any branch interfering
with the welfare of any portion of the national in-
dustry.
He then appesled to the sympathies of the Sen-
ate, which he maintained should give that encour-
agement to the home industry of the country which
would make every man engaged in it lie down on
his pillow for repose in the confidence that he could
again rise with the dawn secure in the reward which
was justly due to his honest industry. He advert-
ed to the improvements which the world enjoyed
from the skill and energy of mechanics. One of the
main elements of price was the cost of production.
[Mr. McDuffie from his seat: I am glad you ad-
mit that, sir.] He (Mr. S.) would not differ from
the senator in any sound doctrine. He contrasted
the improvements which had operated on the prices
of products in agriculture with those in manufac-
tures, to show that, in the latter, the consequence of
mechanical improvements had been to make the cost
of production fall infinitely more than the cost of
production in agriculture; and therefore he argued
that no class in the community deserved more grate-
ful and kind consideration from both communities
and governments than the mechanics and manufac-
turers who had so largely contributed to the cheap
supply of the necessaries, comforts, and conveni-
ences oflife. He denounced the practice of raiding
up prejudices against this deserving class, by desig-
nating them as monopolists, or pensioners on the
bounty of their fellow-citizens.
He wished to see this question of protection pre-
sented to the country fairly, and on its intrinsic
merits. If the decision of the country should be
against this system, let it be known at once, that
those engaged in pursuits dependent upon it, may
give them up, ana apply themselves to something
else. But till that decision of the country is made,
let those laborers employed in these branches of in-
dustry encouraged by this policy enjoy the feelings
of security and repose. He wished to see them
cherished and supported, because they were among
the most useful and deserving of the community.
But that this question was to be the issue before the
country in the coming contest, there was now evi-
dently no doubt. One of the distinguished men of
the countrv now before it as a candidate for the
highest office of the government, was to be opposed
by an attack on this policy, because it was one of
the favorite measures of his distinguished life. He
was sorry to find the senator from Missouri turning
his back upon the friendly dispositions he had so
often avowed in favor of manufactures.
Mr. BENTON interposed, and in an emphatic,
manner denied that he had ever changed his friend-
ly sentiments in relation to the manufactures of the
country. He was still the same as he had ever
been.
Mr. SIMMONS observed that he was only argu-
