452
congressional GLOBE.
ng that such would be the effects of the senator's
doctrines.
Mr. BENTON again interposed, and utterly de-
nied the assertion that anything unfriendly to man-
ufactures, or manufacturing labpr, could be imputed
to him, or any doctrines he had advanced.
The CHAIR called the senators to order, and di-
rected them to address the Chair.
Mr. SIMMONS disclaimed any intention of im-
puting sentiments to the senator which he did not
avow; he meant only to allude to the consequences
of carrying out the doctrines which the senator had
laid down in regard to the levying of low duties on
necessaries, and high duties on luxuries, with a
view of showing that the effect would be to destroy
tie labor depending on home industry.
Mr. S. then proceeded to comment upon the
charge urged by the senator from South Carolina
[Mr. McDuffie] against the tariff law of 1842, as a
"foul and faithless violation of the compromise act,"
with a view of showing that such a stigma attached
to the friends and advocates of that measure.
Mr. McDUFFIE interposed, to say that his epi-
thets were directed against the measure itself: he
never had made any personal application of them to
those who carried it through Congress.
Mr. SIMMONS did not understand the senator
as intending any such application; his argument was
that, if the measure itself was to be so characterized,
the censure would apply to its friends and advo-
cates. But he contended it was wholly inapplicable
to either; and he called upon the senator to poin>
out wherein the act was inconsistent with its
Jille, or the objects its friends and advo-
cates had in view. Here Mr. S. entered
into various particulars, to show the bene-
ficial effects of the act of 1849; and then lie adverted
to the bill now)under discussion, [Mr. McDuffie's,]
with ft view of showing that its objeet being to re-
store the compromise act, (which was no compro-
mise nt all, inasmuch as it was altogether one-sided,
and opposed to the interests of American industry,)
it never could become acceptable to the country.
It was called a compromise, thsugh it wholly aban-
doned protection, and yielded up everything to the
doctrine of free trade. He did not pretend to say
tlmt the act of 1842 was perfect, and that it did not
need modification in some particulars. It required
amendment, he acknowledged; but he considered
it much more advisable to let further experience of
its effects be had before it was touched, than to dis-
turb it, while, on the whole, it wit's doing so much
good. He disclaimed, m the. remarks he had made,
any intention of adverting unkindly to any gentle-
man had preceeded him. If, in the heat of debate,
he said anything that would bear that construction,
he begged it would be considered as unintentional.
1 le was not accustomed to debate; and feeling very
strongly and very earnestly on this subject, it, was
very possible lie might inadvertently have been be-
trayed by his feelings into an appearance of dis-
courtesy, which it was far from his intentions to en-
tertain.
Mr. BENTON rose after Mr. Simmons, to reply
to something that he had said yesterday, but must
first have an explicit understanding with respect to
something said to-day. The senator from Rhode
Island Jmd spoken of'the destruction of manufactur-
ing labor—of bunging labor and laboring men into
odium — of endangering property,&c. Now Mr. B.
Paid that he could not proceed with anything else
until he had an explicit disclaimer that any such
things were imputed to him. Mr. B. paused for a
reply.
Mr. SIMMONS admitted that Mr, B. had said no
such things, Imt thought, that his doctrines upon the
tariff would be injurious to the capitalists who em-
ployed the laboiers, and so injurious to the la-
borers.
Mr. BENTOiY, The won!;; are disclaimed. The
gentleman admits that f used no such language. j
now ask if he imputes any such design to me?
Mr. .S!.V]-VI0aS did not impute any such design,
but argued that the effect of his doctrines might be
to injure manufactures.
iVJr. BEjS'TOAr. The words and the de
sign being disclaimed, I now utterly deny
tne effect, and say that those who heard
me speak, or who shall read what I said,
will know that my professions and my doctrines go
Together; that I am a fiiend to the great manttfac-
! inng pursuit of the country, and hold it to be en-
lii.-cu to the support of every statesman. His own
di£;gn to support it was evinced in his discrimi-
jjtauof duties, and his readiness to place the
highest duty on luxuries, and the foreign rivals of
our own industry; that 30 or 33^ per cent was the
highest revenue duty, which, with 20 per cent costs
and changes upon the importation of foreign articles,
would be a protection of 50 per cent; and this, with
the present solid currency and stability, would be
an ample protection. He. consideredhimself as of-
fering ample protection, and therefore, neither in
effect, in design, nor in words, was he for destroy-
ing manufactures; and no such idea was to go out
from this chamber. And now, he said, after the
disclaimers of the senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Simmons,] if any such thing should ever be im-
puted to him hereafter out of this chamber, all
would know it to be unfounded and false.
Mr. B. would now advert to some topics of yes-
terdsy. The senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Sim-
mons] had treated his arguments, and the tables he
had used,"as including the time of the embargo and of
the war, and had made his own accordingly. Mr. B.
called upon every senator to recollect that he express-
ly excluded those times—war and embargo—from
both systems, both in his speech and in his tables,
and should have acted most absurdly if he had not;
for it would have been insane to look to that period
for the operation of any system on commerce or
revenue, when all commerce and all revenue was
destroyed, and remained so for nearly seven years.
The senator also fell into the great error of attrib-
uting to me the nonsense of considering the whole
gross products of different branches of manufactures
as their net profits, and wished me to correct it be-
fore the speech should be printed. The speech was
then in the press, and came out last night, and re-
mains as it was spoken.
The amounts quoted from the census, were quoted
as the gross proceeds, from which the expenses
were to be deducted; and on looking at the speech
this morning, he found that statement so often re-
peated that it amounted to a blemish upon it as a
composition. He had repeated to satiety the state-
ment that these amounts were the gross products,
from which the expenses were to be deducted; and
that, after this deduction, the net profits would still
be the largest known in the annals of human labor.
Mr. B. hoped that the senator from Rhode Island
would correct his own speech in this particular, be-
fore he published it.
Mr. B. said the senator from Rhode Island had
also undertaken to produce different results from
himself by taking single years, and comparing them
against each other. This was a practice against
which he had protested in his speech. He had com-
pared it to the conduct of a man who should pick a
stone or a bric.k in a great building, examine it
through a microscope, and then institute a compari-
son between the buildings themselves, and so de-
cide the question of their architectural beauties. All
this was wrong. Comparisons must be between the
whole, and not the parts. System against system,
period of time against period, was the course he fol-
lowed; and it was the only true and fair one. The
revenue system before the war was compared to the
protective system since, under all its effects upon
revenue, foreign commerce, and exported agri-
culture, and manufactures also, and found auspicious
to the whole. To pit two years against each
other could not invalidate results so obtained. The
senator showed that in 1808 about $60,000,000 of re-
exportations took place: very good; that was an ex-
treme year, but the re-exportations of the two pe-
riods were the same—about $520,000,000 each—and
that made it, even and fair to exhibit domestic ex-
ports and re-exportations together, as he found them
m the tables. He had done so, and the correctness
of the tables was not impugned. These tables
showed that, by a regular increase, foreign and do-
mestic exports of the United States had regularly
advanced from 1191 to 1808, when they amounted
to $108,000,000, the population then being but seven
millions; and that, under the high duty system,
with a population of 18,500,000, they only amount-
ed, in 1842, to ^104,000,000! and ha<3 often fallen far
below it. He had showed the decline of agriculture
in the detail, as well ns in the gross—he had
followed it through all the old staples, flour
wheat, corn meal, rice, tobacco, and showed that
all had declined, and sunk down to almost nothing
at some periods of the high duty system, and were
now, with a doubled population and a more than
doubled cultivation, still inferior to what they
were thirty years ago. About the truth, of these
tables there was no dispute; and the inferences from
them were irresistible.
Another great objection, and the greatest to his
speech of yesterday, was his method of obtaining an
average rate of the duties under the two systems.
He took his average for two purposes—one compar-
ative, the other positive—and to show that the pres-
ent rate was low, and the former high. But his
mode of obtaining his averages has been shown to
be utterly fallacious and erroneous by the question
put to him by the senator from South Carolina [Mr.
McDuffie.] He asked him if he included free
goods and specie? He answered yes! and his .aver-
age was shown by that single answer to be one-
half erroneous! For nearly half the goods imported
(and, specie included, sometimes more than half)
were free; yet the senator divides the whole duty
and puts half on the free, and then says the average is
only so much! as if the price of the dutied article
was really reduced one-half by that imaginary ope-
ration. Mr. B. said there had been years when the
free goods had been seventy millions of dollars, and
the dutied goods not more than fifty. He appealed
to Mr. Woodbury, who was Secretary of the Treas-
at the time, to correct him if he was in error. [Mr.
Woodbury said he was right as to the free goods—
they were seventy millions the year alluded to, and
the dutied were between fifty and sixty.] Here,
said, Mr. B., is a case in which the free goods were
the largest half; and yet the gentleman lumps thera
with the dutied, in order to get an average of the
duties! Last year the free goods were a"fraclion
over forty millions, counting twenty-four millions
of specie. The senator,in getting his average of about
20 per cent for the duties, makes out that this specie
paid near five millions of duty, and the goods about
three millions—being eight millions of the revenue,
or one half the whole, borne by this free money,
and these free articles, the greater part of which
were free for the exclusive advantage of manufac-
turers. The senator himself got the advantage of
it, for he is a manufacturer; yet his mode of getting
his average supposes that he paid 20 per cent, duty
upon them; a supposition, I undertake to say, that
took no money out of his pocket, and put none into
the treasury. Let the senator extend his principle,
and he can bring his average much lower—as low as
he pleases—to zero, in fact. He is only to include
some millions of goods and specie, which were not
imported at all, and which paid just as much of his
average as the free goods and specie actually counted
by him.
Mr. B. said this would never do. It would not
do to lower the rate of duty—to reduce it
one-half—-by this fiction of supposing half to
be where there was none. He had as well
undertake to make the porter, who was stag-
gering under a load of two hundred pounds, be-
lieve he was carrying but one hundred, by striking
an average between his two hundred pounds and
the nothing which his brother porter carried, who
was walking by his side. He asked him what he
thought would be the success of the experiment if
he made a speech to the overloaded porter, to con-
vince him that his load was but half; that striking
an average between his overload and the other's no
load, he would get rid of half the weight? Doubt-
less he would fail to convince the loaded man; and
equally will he fail to convince the Senate or the
country on this mode of reducing duties one-
half.
The senator from Rhode Island repeats the word
bamboozle, which I used yesterday, and seems to
stare at the word. It is not, the, first time it ha*
been stared at in this chamber; but that does not
prevent it from beingan English word, of approved
use, and impressive meaning. It is found m the
last dictfonaries, and in the classic writers. Rich-
ardson, Johnson, Swift, Dr. Arburthnot, all use ir.
Bring me Richardson: it was brought, and Mr. B,
read the word and the meaning—in'latin, dehidere—
m Enlish, to delude, mislead, to cheat, to cozen, to
deceive, to beguile. He then read several illustra-
tions of the meaning of the word from the applica-
tions it received'from classic writers. He said Dr.
Arbuthnot uses the term thus:
"There are a set of fellows thej call banteier^ ami I'j.i-
lo that play such tricks ''
Dr. Johnson uses it thus, in the Tatler:
"But, says I, sir, I perceive this to you is q&l hamhnozhx
why, you look, as if you wore Con Diego'd to the tunc ci a
thousand pounds.''
The poet King, author of the Stumbling Block,
uses it in this way:
"This whimsical phenomenon
Confounding all my pro and con,
Bamboozles the account again.
And draws me -nolens vohns in/'
