466
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfeE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of Rivers and Harbors—Mr. Culhm,
H. of Reps.
as a covering for principles of every hue and color.
It is as different from any democracy which has
ever before been known as monarchy is from re-
publicanism. It serves alike to cover the law-
destroying principles of the insurrectionists of
Rhode Island, and the ultra, high-handed abuse of
executive authority which has been so frequently
witnessed under "democratic" rule.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Rathbun,]
unless rumor does him injustice, has not always
advocated the same principles which he now advo-
cates. If rumor be correct, that gentleman, until
quite a late period, has acted with the party to which
I belong, and given his sanction to the principles
which they sustain. If he has seen proper to
change his principles, it is a matter of which I have
no right to complain. The right to change his
opinions, as often as he may deem proper, is cer-
tainly a "natural right," and I shall not attempt to
interfere with its exercise.
The Rhode Island insurrection is not the only in-
stance in which this modern "democracy" has
shown itself to possess but little regard for either
constitution or law, when it. has stood in the way
of the attainment of any particular object. If the
principles of the Dorr rebellion are to be engrafted
upon the democratic creed, it is well that the coun-
try should know it. The peace and security of the
country require that we should know who is to be
relied upon in times of peril and danger. Attempts
of a similar character may be made in other States;
and if they are to receive the sanction and support
of a powerful political party, it is time that fact were
known.
The investigation which has been proposed, can
lead to no beneficial result. It is fraught with dan-
ger to the public interest in every light in which it
can be viewed. It will involve, on the part of this
House, an officious intermeddling with matters
with which it can, legitimately, have no concern. It
will involve a useless expenditure of public money,
and an unnecessary consumption of our time. Dorr
and his mad followers have had their day. They
are in the hands of the State authorities—there let
them rest.
REMARKS OF MR. CULLOM,
OF TENNESSEE.
In the House of Representatives, April 20, 1844.—On
the bill making appropriation for certain harbors
and rivers.
Mr. CULLOM submitted the following remarks:
Mr. Speaker: I had not intended, when I took
my seat here, to have mingled in the debates of this
session. That part of the duties of legislation I
thought would be better performed by others more
experienced and better entitled to the consideration
of this House. But the introduction of the bill now
under consideration, and another bill near akin to it,
proposing to appropriate upwards of one million of
dollars of the public money; and seeing indications
favorable to the passage of both,—have induced me
to ask that indulgence which 1 have cheerfully ex-
tended to others, in order to afford me an opportu-
nity of examining the power and policy of making
appropriations for the objects which they contem-
plate.
It has been assumed in the arguments favorable to
the power of Congress to make internal improve-
ments, without regard to their particular character,
that, inasmuch as Congress has an unlimited
power of taxation, a like power exists of appro-
priating the money thus raised. From this in-
terpretation of the constitution I wholly dissent.
The government of the United States was created
for certain specified purposes; its powers are enume-
erated in the constitution; and such powers as
are not therein granted to Congress, are reserv-
el to the States and to the people. Although
the government may, from the nature of the taxing
power, commit a fraud upon the constitution, by
the imposition of taxes exceeding its wants, yet,
whenever one dollar of revenue is appropriated for
any other purpose than that recognised by some of
its granted powers, such appropriation is unautho-
rized, and is an act of usurpation upon the rights of
the people. Against such usurpation I enter, in
their behalf, as one of their representatives, my sol-
emn protest.
I would respectfully eall upon the friends of this
exploded system of internal improvement, to show
by what authority they proceed in this extravagant
expenditure of the public money. Where, I would
ask them, is the warrant for its exercise? Is this
power located and fixed? or is it, like some other
powers claimed by latitudinarians, a,vagrant one,
roaming up and down the constitution, with no par-
ticular lodgment or abiding place? If so, let it be
abandoned.
The first article of the eighth section of the con-
stitution contains the following provision:
'' 'IThe Congress shall have power to iny arid collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises; to pay the'debts, and provide
for the common defence and general welfare of the United
States -but all duties, imposts, and excises, shall be uniform
throughout the United States; to borrow money on the
credit of the United States; to regulate commerce with for-
eign nations, and among the se*e:<tl Slates and with the
Indian tribes."
From this provision to regulate commerce, it has
been insisted by some, that the power to improve
the navigation of rivers, construct canals, roads,
&c., arises, and is communicated to Congress. This
exposition of the constitution I reject. To regulate
is to adjust—direct; that is to say, Congress has the
power to make the law, or fix the rule, to govern
the intercourse with foreign nations, and among the
States, and with the Indian tribes; but not to pro-
vide the medium of conveyance. Congress can no
more open the river, or make the canal or road, un-
der this provision of the constitution, than it could
provide the ship, boat, or wagon, as the vehicle of
conveyance, for the merchandise which is the sub-
ject of commerce, or thing to be conveyed. No
such power is within the literal'meaning of its
terms, nor was any such contemplated by the fra-
mers of that instrument. The object was to transfer
the power to regulate commerce, by the enactment
of suitable laws for that purpose, from the States to
the general government; so that one uniform rule
might prevail in our intercourse with foreign na-
tions, among the States, and with the Indian tribes;
thereby preventing the collisions which would have
arisen had the subject been left to their separate ac-
tion. But, it is said, Congress has the power to
provide for the common defence and general welfare,
and that hence aiises plenary power over the subject
of a general system of internal improvement.
In the introductory part of the constitution, we
find the purposes for which the federal govern-
ment was formed clearly set forth. It is there
we find the words "general welfare" first used; and
again the same words occur in the second article
of the eighth section: upon this, the advocates of
unrestricted power base themselves. When an ex-
press grant of power is not to be found authorizing
the laws they wish to enact, they substitute the dis-
cretion of Congress, as to what will promote the
general welfare, for the constitution iiself, virtually
superseding the ncccssity for the express grants of
power found in that instrument. Do the words
"general welfare" enlarge the power of Congress'
I insist they do not; hut are meiely expressive of
the object of the specific grants of power, conferred
with a view to their exercise for the common de-
fence and general welfare.
If the words "to provide for the common defence
and general welfare" are substantive grants of power,
and are cumulative of the specified grants made in
the constitution, then there is conferred upon Con-
gress a power without any other limitation than that
imposed by the discretion of Congress. This would
be destructive of the. constitution itself, and make
the government one of unlimited power, instead of
being restricted, as was manifestly intended.
If it be true that Congress is not restricted by the
constitution, in the manner I have stated, and that
its powers are enlarged by tbf use of these, general
terms, then the Slates and the people hold their re-
served rights as meie teiwrts at, Avdl of the general
government; for the rights of the States and people
arc held in subordination to all the legitimate powers
of tile general government, which, while acting in
its appropriate sphere, nii!--i be obeyed. Thus, it
will be perceived that, instead of a division of power,
well d 'fined, with all the functionaries of power,
State and federal, acting independently of each other,
and without interrupting the harmonious action of
either, the Slates and the people are. mode to hold
their rights by the mere sufferance of Congiess.
Mr. Speaker, the friends of those bills—and they
are. Siamese twins—unwilling to meet their'oppo-
nents in open, manly, and fair combat, upon prin-
ciple, have chosen to sculk behind the authority of
precedent, in otder to bring this corrupt, dead, and
putrid general-welfare system to life again. Yes,
sir; this system, now sought to he revived, has been
whipped,"cropped, and branded; rendered, as I had
hoped, eternally infamous. Public opinion lu.d C >n-
demned it; and if it had friends, they were afraid or
ashamed to own it. No well-considered precedent
has been, or can be produced, to show that power
exists in Congress to adopt a general system of in-
ternal improvement. The system went on by mere
tolerance, until its debasing and corrupting influence
could no longer be endured. It was in the cele-
brated Maysville road veto, that it received its first
check; and the same President who vetoed that bill,
(I mean General Jackson,) in his second annual
message to Congress, upon the subject, says:
"It is only necessary to refer to undoubted facts, to see
how far tin: past acts of the general government, upon the
subject under consideration, have fallen short of this ob-
ject. The expenditures, heretofore made for internal im-
provement, amount to upwards of five millions of dollars,
and have been distributed in very unequal proportions
among the States. The estimated expense of works for
which surveys have been made, together with that of others
projected and partially suive)ed, amounts to more than
ninety-six millions of dollars
Again: He says, in the same message:
'•Nothing short of a radical change in the action of the
government upon this subject can, in m> opinion, remedy
the evil. If, as it would be natural to expect, the States
which have been least favored m past appropriations, should
insist on bcine: redressed in those hereafter to be made, at
the expense of Ihe States which have so largely and dispro-
portionately participated, we have, as matters now stand,
but little secunly that the attempt would do more than
change the inequality from one quarter to another "
So it will be perceived that he, whose opinions
have been quoted as authority upon which to sus-
tain these bills, seeing the ruinous and corrupting
tendency of the whole system, recommended its
abandonment by the general government.
But, sir, I deny the binding power of political pre-
cedents; they are the least of all others to be relied
on. Who does not know that the action of politi-
cal men and political bodies are as fluctuating as the
circumstances by which they are surrounded. I
mean no disrespect to the venerated men who have
gone before us, when I insist that it is my right, and
my duty, too, to exercise the intellect with which I
have been endowed by my Creator, in the discharge
of the high obligations resting upon me as a repre-
sentative of a portion of the people of this Union. I
owe my allegiance not to them, but to the constitu-
tion. To observe it, I have taken an oath upon the
Book of God; and while any portion of its powers
are intrusted in my hands, it shall not be violated.
No, sir, I will not be led into temptation. Ill my
opposition to this system, I am not actuated by any
unkindness to any portion or section of the Union,
and particularly to the West. That fair portion of
our common country has to me many interesting
considerations connected with its history; my ances-
try and my kindred were its early pioneers; they
penetrated its wilds, and their bones are
buried beneath its soil. Identified as I am
with the West, and with every thing that
can add to its prosperity, I am under obligations
which forbid the indulgence of partialities inconsist-
ent with the constitution, and the best interests of
the country at large. But if no other objection
could be urged against the passage of these bills, I
could not consent to increase the public debt, now
amounting to nearly thirty millions ef dollars, in
order to lavish money'upon objects, to say the least,
of doubtful character. My objections to the ques-
tion as one of expediency, would have been lessen-
ed, had each object upon which money is proposed
to be expended, been permitted to stand or fall on
its own merits; but that would not answer; the net
has been spread just wide enough to environ within
its meshes a majority of this House.
Sir, here are the amounts and the objects upon
which these bills propose to expend the money of
the people, raised by a most oppressive and unequal
tax:
For the improvement of the Ohio river
between Pittsburg and the falls at
Louisville, - §100,000
For the improvement of the Ohio river
below the falls at Louisville, and of
the Mississippi,Missouri, Illinois, and
Arkansas rivers, - 180,000
For removing obstructions to the naviga-
tion in the harbor of St. Louis, - 25,000
For the continuation of the breakwater
structure at Burlington, Lake Cham-
plain, State of Vermont, - - 10,000
For the continuation of the breakwater
structure at Plattsburg, on Lake
Champlain, State of New York, - 10,000
For the continuation of the works at
Port Ontario, Lake Ontario, - ■> 5;OOQ
