April, 1844.
appendix To the congressional globe.
ut
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Wool and Woollens—Mr. Collnmer.
H. of Reps.
For the continuation of the works at the
harbor of Oswego, Lake Ontario, State
of New York, -
For the further removal of obstructions
at the mouth of the Genesee river, in
the State of New York,
For the continuation of the work at Oak
Orchard crcek, Lake Ontario, -
For the continuing the improvement at
Big Sodus Bay, Lake Ontario,
For the continuation and enlargement of
the present harbor at Buffalo; State of
New York, -
For the continuation of the works at
Dunkirk, State of New York,
For the continuation of the works at the
harbor of Erie, on Lake Erie,
For the continuation of the works at
Conneaut harbor, in the State of
Ohio, -
For continuation the improvement of the
harbor at Ashtabula, Ohio, -
For the further improvement of Grand
river harbor, in the State of Ohio,
For continuing the works at the Huron
harbor, on Lake Erie, -
For the continuation of the works at the
harbor of Cleveland, Ohio,
For the preservation of the harbor at
Sandusky city, Ohio, and improving
the same, -
For the further improvement of river
Raisin harbor, Michigan,
For the further improvement of the har-
bor at St. Joseph, Michigan, -
For the continuing the improvement of
the harbor of Michigan city, State of
Indiana, -
For the further improvement of the har-
bor of Chicago, Illinois,
For continuing the works at the harbor
at Milwaukie, Wisconsin,
For the preservation and repair of har-
bors on the lakes, other than those enu-
merated, the construction of which
has been authorized by law, and
which have been partially completed
Second Bill.
Maine.
For the completion of the breakwater at
Stamford Ledge, Portland harbor -
For the improvement of the Kennebec
river, -
Massachusetts.
For the improvement of the principal ship
canal in the harbor of Boston,
Rhode Island.
For removing obstructions in the navi-
gation of Providence river, at Provi-
dence -
Connecticut.
For completing the improvements in the
channel of the river Thames, leading
into Norwich harbor -
For the repair of the sea-wall and break-
water of Black Rock harbor -
A'riO York.
For the preservation and improvement
to the inlet to Port Jefferson Bay -
For the improvement of the navigation
of the Hu Json river, near Albany
For a survey mid estimate of the ex-
pense of improving the harbor at Port
Chester, New York, and a survey and
estimate of the expense of improving
the navigation of the Allegany river -
Jersey- _
For the removal of obstructions in New-
ark bay, at or near the confluence of
the Hackensack and Passaic rivers -
Delaware.
For repairing the piers at Port Penn -
For repairing the piers and continuing
the work at the harbor of Newcastle,
For continuing the work on the Dela-
ware breakwater -
Mainland.
For removirg obstructions from the har-
bour of Havre de Grace
flrginia.
Per the improvement of the harbor at
Riehmewd -
10,000
10,000
5,000
5,000
40,000
5,000
40,000
5,000
5,000
10,000
5,000
25,000
15,000
20,000
20,000
25,000
30,000
20,000
20,000
20,000
10,000
40,000
5,000
5,000
5,000
5,000
50,000
4,000
15,000
15,000
10,000
100,000
20,000
30,003
South Carolina.
For the construction of a dike for clos-
ing Hog Island channel - - 25,000
Georgia.
For removing obstructions in the naviga-
tion of the Savannah river - - 50,000
Alabama.
For the survey of the harbor at Mobile - 50,000
Florida.
For the survey and improvement of the
Apalachicola harbor - - - 10,000
North Carolina.
For the improvement of the navigation
of Cape Fear river - 20,000
Such are the objects for which these sums are
proposed to be drawn from the public treasury, with-
out the shadow of constitutional authority; and, in
this manner, the money raised by a most oppressive
tax is to be expended.
But, Mr. Speaker, in the article and section of the
constitution before quoted, we find the following
provision: ''Congress shall have power to provide
and maintain a navy." In virtue of this provision,
I admit Congress may furnish every needful facility
to the successful and efficient employment of the
navy, m the accomplishment of the ends for which
the navy was authorized to be provided and main-
tained; but it is not pretended—much less is the fact
so—that the improvements sought to be made by
these bills are intended to render the navy a more
efficient arm of national defence. If it become the
settled policy of this government to open rivers and
make canals and roads, then will every State insist
upon equal participation in the benefits of the sys-
tem; the inevitable consequence of which will be a
shameful scramble for the spoils; and he who can
plunder most from the public treasury will consider
himself best entitled to the renewal of his political
lease, while he who is more scrupulous in preserv-
ing inviolate the constitution, and preventing the op-
pressions of a heavy tax and bankrupt treasury,
will subject himself to a charge of want of attention
and devotion to the interests of his constituents.
Sir, it is nbt my intention to depict all the evils of
such a system. They are too palpable to need re-
capitulation. I now invoke the friends of retrench-
ment and reform to prove the sincerity of their oft-
repeated professions by their acts—to remember that
these millions about to be lavished upon local ob-
jects are to be raised by a tax upon their own con-
stituents. Let others do as they may, I will do my
duty, regardless of consequences, and resist every
attempt, however disguised, to oppress and im-
poverish the people.
SPEECH OF MR. COLLAMER,
OF VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives, Jpril 29, 1844—On
wool and woollens.
Mr. Chairman: At the commencement of the
present session it was my lot to be placed, with
other gentlemen, by the selection of the Speaker,
on the Committee on Manufactures. It is due to
candor to say that the committee was apparently
fairly selected, with a view to that important inte-
rest; but its treatment, by the House, since, has con-
vinced me that it was regarded as but a nominal
committee, existing but falsely to amuse and gratify
the man:i!>mr;ng inteiest. All important subjects,
nidi lleenlv involved tii.-t ;:vrr> -■«, have, by the
Hn.ipe, been sf.-nioux'.y wi.hhoide^ fr.im '!•..>< com-
mittee, and sent tootheis ve.y difierenily consum-
ed. It is however, true that some resolutions anu
memorials, involving the whole subject, have silent-
ly and perhaps accidentally, found their way to
that committee, and which have resulted in a report
prepared and presented, under the order of the com-
mittee by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hupson,1 well worthy of the. large measure of cor-
rect intelligence he possesses on this subject. That
report, which is the onlv one with which that com-
mittee has troubled the House, is a general one on
the subject; and, in the ordinary courtly of the
House, would have received the order for printing
of extra copies, which has been so liberally ex-
tended to such reports by the House, even m rela-
tion to subjects of infinitely less importance, lot,
though that has been twice moved, it has been
prompt!v and, as it seems to me, very ungraciously,
whollv 'refused by the majority of the House.
While the House 1ms printed, for circulation, the
unusual number of twenty thousand copies of the
report of its Committee of Ways and Means,
(which is professedly intended to utterly withhold
and destroy all public countenance or encourage-
ment from home manufactures,) and these copies
have been, by the franking privilege, sowed broad-
cast over the land, yet the House utterly deny any
measure of assistance to circulate intelligence, or to
furnish argument or hearing before the people in
behalf of this great interest. I cannot but hope
that all, directly or collaterally concerned, may un-
derstand what they are to receive at the hands of the
party which now holds predominancy in the House
of Representatives. But that report is printed with-
out the aid of the House, and will be in the hands
of the community ; and I am willing to entrust the
issue of the general doctrine of public protection to
that paper, and shall not now enter upon the general
subject.
I am, sir, one of the representatives of a small ag-
ricultural State, whose staple production has for
some time been the article of wool; and to that sub-
ject my remarks will be confined, and more especial-
ly as the section of the bill now under consideration
relates to the subject of wool and woollens.
There is a species of adventurous credulity which,
disdaining the beaten track of truth, is ever catching
at the improbability of circumstances, as the better
guide of faith and duty; and nearly allied to this is
that admiration of theories which gratifies the spec-
ulative, amused the curious, and captivates the vis-
ionary. I must say, in the words of Patrick Henry,
"I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided,
and that is the lamp of my experience. I know of
no way of judging of the future but by the past."
I shall therefore proceed to give a very succinct ac-
count of the past history of wool, more especially
in this country, to show its present condition, and
thence to deduce light for our present duty and fu-
lure action.
Although almost every country on the globe had
its sheep, possessing various degrees of fineness of
fleece, and adaptation of excellence to its climate,
soil, and exigencies, yet it was not until a very re-
cent period that any fine wooled sheep were- to be
found but in the kingdom of Spain; nor does Eng-
land now produce any wool from which could be
manufactured the coat of any gentleman in this hall.
How that race of sheep came into Spain is a ques-
tion of difficult solution. It has been suggested that
they were introduced by the Moors, from the Ara-
bic flocks, at the time so large a part of Spain was m
their possession. But it is also said there is satis-
factory evidence they were there when Spain was a
Roman province, and must therefore have been
brought in by the Carthagenians. That they were
brought into Spain their name, marino, which, Jn
Spanish, "means from or beyond sea, clearly implies.
These flocks were almost exclusively owned by the
crown and the nobility of Spain; and were generally
kept among the highlands of Estramadura in the
summer, and moved south during the winter, and
slowly returned in the spring, eo as to be always at
grass. The wool was long exported for manufac-
ture; but the exportation of sheep, without the royal
license, was forbidden under the severest penalties—-
I think, at times, condemnation to thegalleys for life.
It was from this Spanish wool that th.6 manufactti"
rers of fine cloths in Flanders, and France, and Eng-
land were long supplied; and it was ultimately, from
these flocks that the world (and we with the rest)
has been furnished with fine wooled sheep, the
history of the private exportation of these sheep is
replrte vviih vinvmnu'- ircdi nt which I must pass
'i'i.e in'roduouoii of tun- wo"!ed sheep ;rr.m Sp:v>i
i„;o the different nations of Kurmw has pww
been effected by the exertions of the crown or the
government, lis 1786, Louis XVI, of France, pifl-
oured from the king of Spain a small flock of marino
sheen; and those were put on the national !ai ,n of
Ramboullet, and great care was extended to
them, even through the revolution
government of Bonaparte. It is from
that the sheep through all parts of I'rance
have been improved. In 1792, through the medium
of Lord Auckland, then English ambasntfor m
Spain, George 111 procured tony choice: marines
from Spain, in exchange tor eight fine bnglisn coach
horses. To this flock some small additions were af-
terwards made, and it was confided to the core of
Sir Joseph Banks; and much pains was taken, ana
the flock succeeded tolerably. In 1804? this loyal
flock was sold at auction, with a view to d-sjjerse
them over 'he country, and improve the wool. lni|
and the
that flock
