CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
These are all good illustrations of the meaning of
lite word, and yery applicable to our present dispu-
tation; but the illustration given from Swift is so
much more applicable, that it seems to be made for
the present occasion. Swift is charging Nicholas
Frog, as the French were at that time called by the
English, (for it is a part of the system of the English
to vilify those with whom they mean to go to
war,)—Swift is charging'the French with a design
to cheat the English by confusing the national ac-
counts, and shifting sums from the right side to the
wrong, and thereby always bringing out a balance
to suit himself. This is Swift's illustration:
"After Nic. had bamboozled John awhile about the 18,000
and the '28,000, John called for counters; but what with
•sZejo/ti-of-hand, amltakin^-from his own score and adding to
John's, Nic brought the balance always 011 his own side."
This, with all due respect, is exactly what the
senator from Rhode Island is doing with his aver-
ages; and by just letting him shift the 18,000 and
the 28,000 this way—-just take half from where it
is, and put it where it is not—he can always have
the balance in his own favor. He can make his
average duties under the act of 1842 as low as he
But I am not done with this average. There is
another deception in it nearly as gross and flagrant
as that of including the free goods to make it up. I
speak of the minimums. These are false valuations
by law; and all averages, or anything else drawn
from them, are erroneous. They fix an arbitrary
value; and everything below that is dutied as being
of that value. There are many of these minimums
in the act of 1842. I will take one for the sake of
illustration—the article of cotton goods.
By the act of 1842 there are no less than three
minimum valuations prescribed for cotton goods, or
■of which cotton is a component part; 30 per cent
'being the duty on all. The first minimum is on
|>lain white cottons, and requires all that cost less
than 20 cents the square yard to bo valued at 20
cents, and to be dutied accordingly. Now every-
body knows that much of this plain cotton costs but
10 cents, and much of it but 5 cents a yard. There-
fore that which cost 10 cents pays 60 per cent duty;
that which cost 5 .cents pays a duty of 120 per cent.
Printed cottons costing less than 30 cents a square
yard are to be valued at 30, and to be taxed accord-
ingly. Now it is known that much of these prints,
or calicoes, cost but the half, and the third, and the
fourth part of 30 cents a yard. Consequently they
pay as 60, or 90, or 120 per cent on the
real value. Again: velvets, cords, moleskins,
fustians, buffalo cloths, and napped cottons
of all kinds, costing less than 35 cents the square
yard, shall be valued at 35 cents per square yard,
and shall pay duty accordingly. The same remark
applies to this description of goods: much of them
cost but the half, the quarter, and the third of this
amount at which the law values them; consequently
such goods pay twice, or three times, or four times
30 per cent, on their value; and a merchant of Phil-
adelphia has informed me that under this iniquitous
minimum, which disguises the tax from the common
observer, the fustian which is worn by the laboring
man pays a duty of 140 per cent.
What I have said of cotton minimums applies to
others: they are minimums on a great variety of
articles; and in every case the result is exactly the
same—an arbitrary valuation, false in fact, and
making all the low priced goods—such as are worn
by the laboring part of the community—pay double,
treble, or quadruple the amount of duty named in
the act.
I object then, again, to the senator's average. I
tell him there is no truth in it, and that it can only
deceive the ignorant.
The acts before the war had no minimums. That
is a thing of modern invention. It is one of the great
differences between the old system and the new, and
renders it impossible to compare their averages
together.
This being the case, how pan an average be struck
from the legal valuation, the minimum, without
being utterly untrue? It is untrue, notoriously, fla-
grantly so; and it is ill vain for the senator to make
averages, and parade them before the Senate, formed
from such a data. It is all fallacious—all erroneous
—and can deceive nobody but those unacquainted
with the minimum iniquities.
But the senator has two objects m his average
making: one to compare duties with the revenue
acts before the war, the other to show how light the
duties are under the act of 1842. What has been
said shows how fallacious it is in relation to the act
of 1842: one word will show how erroneous it is in
relation to the old revenue duties. There were no
minimums among those duties, to give false rates of
duty! and the free goods and specie are included in
his average of them, as well as of the others. And
now, one word of these free goods. There are
nearly one hundred articles free—almost the whole
' of them for the exclusive benefit of manufacturers;
and yet the gentleman's ingenious mode of getting
an average will suppose them all to be paving 20
per cent duty.
Mr. SIMMONS declared that he had been op-
posed to minimums, and drew a report against
them, and drew a bill from which they were ex-
cluded.
Mr. BENTON. I am glad to hear it; but I am
not speaking of the senator's report, or bill, but of
the act that was passed—of the law that is in the
book—and which has the minimums in it—and
which minimums present false valuations, which
the senator has used in making up his average.
Here Mr. B. read the act, and the three minimums
which it imposed on different classes of cotton
goods, and all to the prejudice of the laboring
classes. He dwelt particularly on cotton velvets,
cords, fustians, moleskins, napped cottons, &c.,
supplying, in some degree, the place of coarse
woollens, and worn by the laborer. He repeated
that a merchant of Philadelphia had told him that
fustians worn by day laborers in that city were sub-
ject to a duty of 140 per cent under this deceptive
minimum, which, on its face, purported to put 35
upon them. He stigmatized this as a cruel injus-
tice upon the laboring part of the community.
Mr. SIMMONS declared that he had correspond-
ed with merchants of New York—obtained the dif-
ferent prices of these articles—and then took an av-
erage, which he found to be 35 cents, and put that
in the bill.
Mr. BENTON: Still the same thing—making
averages, and then putting that average in a law
for a minimum! Now an average is not a mini-
mum nor a maximum; it is a half-way point;
but the law makes it the lowest point—makes the
middle the tower end! and then brings up all from
below to that point to be taxed accordingly, while
nothing from above is brought down to the mini-
mum. It is all upward, to make the tax the higher,
and highest upon what is cheapest, and most used—
in fact, wholly used—by the laboring part of the
community.
Mr. SIMMONS entered into some statements
about the price of mole skins, not distinctly heard;
and showed some specimens of new jgoods, with
their price, &c., insisting that the average taken for
the minimum was not between extreme prices, but
those just above and below 35 cents cost the square
yard.
Mr. BENTON would go back to the real points:
these were digressions. He had presented the great
fact that seven millions of people in J 808, under the
low-duty system, had paid 16 j millions of revenue,
while 18 millions, under the high duty system, with
difficulty paid 18 millions. There was no dispute
about the fact, and it was not for him to account
for it. But it was easily accounted for. Every
book of political economy showed that moderate
duties were most productive, because they increased
consumption, and diminished smuggling. -This was
a reason found in the books. Another reason was
found in the condition of the country, which was
then rich and happy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked liow could 48 mil-
lions of imports, which he believed were those of
1808, after deducting re-exportations, pay 16 mil-
lions at the low rate of duty he mentioned.
Mr. BENTON. The imports of the year did not
pay it, or only in part. The importations of pre-
vious years paid it, for there was a credit on the du-
ties; and this (said Mr. B.) shows how vain it is to
go by single years.
Mr. Benton was done with this part of the
subject: but there was another part of it whieh
claimed his attention. He had listened to nothing
with moie pleasure this session than to the indig-
nant manner in which the senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. McDuffie,] in his first speech on the tariff,
had denounced political legislation. He poured a
stream of hot and burning eloquence upon the legis-
lation which looked to presidential elections, and
prostituted the halls of legislation and the law-ma-
king power, to the. execrable busines of putting up
or putting down a presidential candidate. He (Mr.
B.) concurred with him in the lofty and in-
dignant feelings whieh he expressed, and had
hoped that the Senate chamber would be free
from the presence' of that plague, which, like
the frogs of Egypt, spread itself every-
where. The Senate had been free from it until.this
day; but the senator from Rhode Island" had intro-
duced the presidential,candidates—one for approba-
tion—one for condemnation. He (Mr. B.J would
not imitate him, nor follow him, but considered all
that he had said on that subject, with the lamentations
over the destruction of manufactures and ruin of la-
borers, to be the commencement of a panic—--a cold-
blooded, studied commencement of a panic—to be
taken up out of doors, and ran through the land.
This was mortifying and humiliating, and he pro-
foundly regretted to see it. We had panics
enough in'thc time of the old Bank of the United
States; and the high-tariff champions all served their
apprenticeship to panic-making then. Destruction!
rum! loss of wages', loss of property! the bank the ,
only saviour of the people! such was -She cry in the
bankpanics! and, from the givings-out of this day,
all this is to be repeated by the high-teuriff party!
and tariff now, like bank then, is to be the only
means of saving the people from everlasting perdi-
tion!
Mr. SIMMONS rose simply to state, that m re-
gard to what he had said, as to the senator's argu-
ments against millionary capitalists, it was .sim-
ply that, if they were destroyed, it would involve
those dependent on them in their destruction. That
was his argument; not that he applied to the sen-
ator from Missouri any design of destroying the
labor of the workingman; it was to the results of
of the senator's propositions, he adverted. He had
had spoken of the effects of the senator's doctrine.
As to the tables he had produced, he explained
that he had got those tables drawn up, with the
view of contrasting the averages of the first twenty-
five years, with the averages of the last twenty-five
years; and having included in both, the free goods,
he could not see that it made any essential differ-
ence, the same thing being done for the last period,
as for the first. He made further explanations in
relation t  his tables. As to minimums, lie said he
had reported against them, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, when the tariff of 1842
was under consideration-, and in favor of the home
valuation, and of averages being taken for com-
puting duties. Under the bill which he reported,
the averages would have been fairly made. He had
endeavored to make them correct; and, with that
view, had sought for the best information the coun-
try could afford. As an instance of the fairness of
his averages, he would take molasses, set down at
twenty-two cents, with a duty of 25 per cent.
The present value of molasses in the New York
market, is twenty-six to thirty cents; under his bill,
had it been adopted, he would take twenty-eight
cents as the average: putting 25 per cent, on that, it
would be seven cents; tut take the third of the value,
and it would be nine cents more than the rate of duty
he had proposed.
He had always said that the minimum principle
was not the fair way of getting at the value, but it
was the only way in which frauds on the revenue
could be avoided or guarded against. In,Reference
to what he had said of the effects of the doctrine i f
the senator from Missouri, he would repeat that, if
the substantial articles of life were allowed to come
in free, the effect necessarily must be to destroy the
industry of the country, because these necessaries
were the products of this country itself. His (Mr.
S.'s) ground was, that, if the senator carried out
his own views, the effect would be to destroy the
interests he wished to protect._
Here an informal conversational discussion, in an
under tone, took place, relative to the manner ot
taking the averages according to the bill Mr. Sim-
mons had reported in 1842, Messrs. SIMMONS,
BENTON, CRITTENDEN, and others, from then-
seats, making incidental observations touching par-
ticular items.
Mr. McDUFFIE made a short explanation, not
distinctly heard in the gallery, but understood to be
a correction of a mistake he had made in relation to
a particular duty being 10 per cent, which he had
since discovered to be 15.
Mr. CHOATE next obtained the floor, and ex-
pressed a wish that the subject could be postponed
to aorae day next week. He presumed it could not
proceed to-morrow, or next day, without interfering
with the post office bill.
Several suggestions were informally made as to
the day of .postponement, but at length it was un-
derstood that, by laying the pending question on th<;
