468
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO^fe.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Wool and Woollens—Mr. Collamer.
. H. of Reps.
experiment, however, hag not succeeded; nor has
another, undertaken for like purpose, about 1810,
when the King of England obtained from the Cortes
of Spain a larger flock of marinos, and dispersed
them through England. Various causes have con-
tributed to prevent the cultivation of fine wool in
England; but I think the principal are these. The
corn laws and protective duties of England have
given to the production of bread and meat, for their
dense population, an encouragement and bounty
which render that department of agriculture of vast-
ly more importance than any other. In order to
raise wheat, the lands must be manured. It is a law
of nature that a fine fleece never grows on a large
sheep. To manure the land, the English farmer
cultivates turnips in large fields. He folds his
sheep, which are of large size, and can endure, un-
housed, the English winter, on these fields; and they
consume the turnips, and lie on the land, and there-
by manure the land; so that a crop of wheat, worth
on an average over two dollars per bushel, can be
produced; and the sheep yield large carcasses of
valuable mutton, averaging a weight of one hun-
dred pounds each, which sells at eleven to thirteen
cents per pound. (See appendix, table B.) These
sheep are of three breeds—the Leicester, the Che-
viot, and the South Downs,—all a long-wooled
sheep, yielding a fleece of from five to eight pounds,
which is only used for worsted and for coarse
goods. The marino sheep are quite too small and
weak to endure such treatment, or to promote such
objects; and therefore they are not acceptable to
English farmers, and do not succeed. The English
manufacturers are now still dependent on foreign
supply for all their wool for fine broadcloths and
kerseymeres.
In Germany, the experiment has been entirely
successful. In the latter part of the last century,
the Elector of Saxony procured from the King of
Spain a choice selected flock of marinos. The
Elector was an excelled farmer, and he improved
and enlarged this flock. It was soon satisfactorily
ascertained that the marino did not degenerate in
Saxony; and, in 1778, he imported an additional
flock of three hundred; and from these has arisen
the Saxony sheep. They are improved marinos.
This improvement has been produced by the mode
of treatment and feed—that is, by constantly select-
ing entirely with regard to fineness of wool, regard-
less of symmetry or size, and by keeping them
sheltered from the severe heat of the sun, in sheds,
during some hours in the hot days of summer, and
in warm buildings in winter, and feeding dry fodder,
including grain, through the winter. This has ren-
dered the sheep less, and the fleece finer, aver-
aging, probably, not over two pounds. From
the time of their introduction to the peace of
1814, these sheep were gradually spreading over
the kingdom of Saxony. When Europe was
relieved from its long-protracted succession of
continental wars, and the Germans returned
to the arts of peace, their patient applica-
tion and discriminating perseverance soon brought
their country to an improved condition of husbandry.
Germany was soon found sufficient, not only to its
own supply of wheat and provisions, but to furnish
a large surplus; and these sheep spread into all parts
of that country, and have been long since extensive-
ly raised, not only" in Saxony, but in the Prussian
and Austrian States, in Bohemia and Hungary. For
some years their wool was all sold to the manufac-
turers of France, Flanders, and England, and from
those countries the Germans received their cloths
and other manufactures—more especially from Eng-
land. After some years, it was found that'as Eng-
land would not receive the provisions of Germany,
which was then their, as it is now our, principal
production, Germany could not sustain this com-
merce, and therefore they formed their commercial
union, and adopted a protective system of duties,
which enabled them to prosecute their manufactures
with success, and make a home market for their
produce. This has lost to England the German
market for her cloths and many other articlts. John
McGregor, esq., secretary of the board of trade,
was sent from England to Germany to inquire into,
and endeavor to make some arrangement on this
subject. In 1840, he was examined before a com-
mittee ol the House of Commons, and, among other
matters, he testified:
"After the year 1S14, when the people of Germany were
'-ompelled to Decome agriculturalists, instead ol bemg en-
i' as soldiers, in the course of two oi three years they
].ro luced a great superabundance of agricultural products,
and not being able to find a market for that produce either
in England or Fiance, in both which the high duties shut-
ting out that produce, the excess of labor, formerly employ-
ed m war, and afterwards in agriculture, went into the
manufactures of Westphalia and Silesia. The argument they
made use of to us on every occasion, both in Prussia and
Saxony, and in the Rhenish States, and particularly at the
two congresses held at Munich and Dresden, was this: You
compelled us to become manufacturers. We have not
mines of gold and silver, and you would not take what We
had to sell As you would'not take it, necessity com-
pelled our people to turn their attention to manufactures.
The German grazier now exchanges his cattle and his beef
for fabrics with the home manufacturer, und the corn-dealer
and miller provide bread for the manufacturer, and take his
goods in return. This was the common saying in Prussia,
where every men is intelligent, and where every man
thinks, and where, as soon as he sees an effect, he immedi-
ately inquire into the cause."
Are we incapable of as high a degree of discern-
ment as these Germans? Cannot we profit by their
intelligence and experience? German broadcloths
are now successfully competing with English' in the
markets of the world, and with ours in our own
market.
England, ever watchful of her interest, as nations
should be, has turned her attention to a new source
of self-supply. Having ascertained that her farm-
ers will not use the small fine wooled sheep, and
that a supply from the continent was too much a
state of dependence, attention has been turned to her
own colonies. At the sale of the marino flock of
George III, in 1804, of which I have spoken, a
few were purchased by Capt. McArthur, which were
carried to New South Wales. In a few years it
was ascertained that they succeeded well in that
country. A large quantity of Saxony sheep weie
then sent, and so rapid has been the increase, that
in 1841, there was imported into England, of this
fine wool, from Australia, that is, from New South
Wales and Van Dieman's land, 9,600,000 pounds.—
(See appendix, table B.)
This Australia wool has been imported into this
country in large quantities.
We will now take a brief historic view of wool
in this country. Up to the commencement of the
revolution, very little attention was directed to this
subjcct. Our people had a few coarse wool sheep,
more kept for mutton than wool, and all woollen
cloths were furnished from England. Immediately
before the commencement of that war, and in antici-
pation thereof, some exertions were made to arouse
attention to domestic manufacture of woollen cloth,
but the efforts were but in a very slight degree suc-
cessful. Through the long protracted agonies of
that struggle, no one thing more contributed to the
severity of its sufferings than the want of clothing
and blankets. In a few years after the close of that
war, Europe became involved in wars which con-
tinued, with but short interruptions, until 1814,
and during all that time, until we became involved
in 1812, we were the carriers of the world, and Eu-
rope readily took of us, at high prices, whatever of
agricultural produce we had to spare. In this con-
dition of things, we could buy woollens easier than
raise wool, and little attention was given to the sub-
ject. Our coarse wooled sheep naturally increased,
and some large Irish sheep were introduced, but of
no finer fleece. In 1802, Chancellor Livingston,
then our minister at France, procured from the
Rambouillet flock, of which I have already spoken,
three marino sheep, and sent them unto his farm in
Mew York. That number was too small to produce
any immediate or great effect. Within four or five
years after this, Gen. Humphreys, then our minis-
ter to Spain, succeeded in getting out of that country
a considerable number of marinos, which were sent
to Connecticut.
As the troubles in our foreign relations began to
thicken for a tempest, our dependent condition in
relation to clothing was impressed on the mmd of
every discerning patriot, and the scenes and suffer-
ings of the revolutions were recalled to memory.
Much anxiety was felt to put the country in a better
attitude in this respect.
In 1809, at the second invasion of Spain under
Joseph Bonaparte, the Supreme Junta was driven
from Madrid, and retired to Badajos. Being with-
out money, they were compelled to sell four of the
first flocks in Spain, among which were the Paular
flock, previously owned by the Prince of Peace.
Those sheep were sold with the license of taking
them out of the country. Honorable William Jar-
vis, then our consul at Lisban, now living in Ver-
mont, purchased three thousand six hundred; four-
teen hundred of which were of the Paular flock.
Other gentlemen purchased for other countries, and
a few more for this country. All these sheep,
amounting to over four thousand, were shipped to
the United States in 1809? 1810, and fore part of
1811, and were landed and disposed of in Rich-
mond, Alexandria, and various cities as far North as
Boston. These sheep were distributed into the
country, and purchased by the farmers with avidity;
and I have seen a small buck sold for four hundred
dollars. Our coarse wooled sheep were crossed
with this breed; and by continuing to use only full
blood bucks the whole has become, as fine as three,
quarters blood marino. Some flocks have been
kept of pure blood marino, and the wool has not
deteriorated.
The war of 1812, however, took place before any
considerable progress had been made in this enter-
prise, and we were compelled to endure its suffer-
ing,-.-., greatly dependent on foreign supply and on
our own enemy for woollens. Some gentlemen
present may still recollect the consequences. I will
merely say I have known fourteen dollars given for
a soldier's blanket; and my personal experience and
observation at that period taught me a lesson I shall
not be likely to forget. From the pressure of neces-
sity some small factories of broadcloth sprung up
in America during that war, and the making of do-
mestic cloth3 in the family was increased and im-
proved. After the conclusion of that war, and in
view of its lessons, was framed the general tariff act
of 1816. The general average of duties in that act
was 15 per cent.; but to encourage the infant wool-
len factories a duty was imposed on all imported
woollens of 25 per cedt. This was a distinct ex-
pression of the desire and will of this government to
encourage and sustain the policy of rendering this
country, as soon as practicable, independent of for-
eign supply of this article^ of vital necessity. The
progress of the production of wool had not then
been sufficient to supply the family use and furnish
the raw material to the manufacturer, and, therefore
no duty was laid on wool; but the manufacturer was
left free to obtain it at home or procure it abroad,
and import it free of any extra duty. Eight years
passed away under the operation of this law. Our
improved breed of sheep gradually spread over all
the northern, middle, and western part of the United
States, and the number of sheep was rapidly increas-
ed, and began to supply the factories with consider-
able quantities of domestic wool. It was now un-
derstood, that in order to render the country inde-
pendent, it was only necessary,to have«ur woollens
manufactured in the country, but it was also neces-
sary to have factories supplied with the raw mote-
rial within the country; and, therefore, to effect this
object, and to furnish encouragement to the agricul-
tural interest in the growth of wool, was passed the
tariff act of 1824. That was the first law imposing
an extra duty on wool. The duty on woollens was
increased, and a duty of 20 per cent., increasing to
30, was imposed on all fine wool—that is, on all
wool costing over 10 cents per pound. Under this
law the fine wooled sheep greatly increased, but
still much fine wool was imported, and our factories
furnished but a very partial supply of woollens for
our market. In 1823 a few Saxony sheep were im-
pelled/ In 1824 Messrs. G. & T. Searle, of Boston,
imported seventy-five bucks and ewes, which were
scattered into different parts of New England and
New York. The next year there was an import-
ation «f one hundred and fifty. Some of these sold
at fourhundred dollars each. This excited specula-
lion, and in 1826 two thousand five hundred Saxo-
ny sheep were imported. These Saxony sheep are
a smaller and finer wolled sheep than the marinos
from Spain. They have succeeded best, and pre-
vail most in t he inidler parts of our country, from
New York to Virginia, and in the western States.
Four years passed away under the act of 1824,
and our farmers governed themselves by its policy,
though New England had not thus far ever voted,
by a majority of its delegation in Congress, for it.
It had its effect; but it was ascertained that much
of that effect was destroyed by the introduction of
foreign woollens, under false invoices, at prices
ruinous to the fair trader and manufacturer, and de-
structive to the intended operation of the act of
1824, formed for the encouragement of the farmer.
This produced the meeting at Ilarrisburg, which
caused the act of 1828, so lavishly abused now as
"the bill of abominations." It is true that political
causes, from several attempting to ride the same
hobby, and from other sinister motives, gave to that
bill some objectionable features, which gave it a
. character of uitraism; but under the influence of that
law the woollen manufactory lifted up its head, and
the wool growing interest broadly and rapidly ex-
tended.
In 1833 eame the compromise act, establishing a
