CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
A31MY APPROPRIATION.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the House re-
solved into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Weller in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the army, for the
fiscal year, commencing on the 1st day of July,
1844, and ending on the 30th day of June, 1845.
The pending question being upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from from Ohio—
Mr. COLES said he could not consent, under any
circumstances, to vote against a measure of retrench-
ment without explaining the reasons for such vote.
It had been said that these officers are unneces-
sary. If he was convinced that they were un-
cessary, he would not hesitate an instant; but he had
taken occasion to inquire into the matter, and was
fully convinced that a more improper course could
not be taken than that of making, from time to time,
hasty and irregular changes in the army. It was
said that there were 70 officers who were altogether
useless—who had nothing to do. But was this the
case?
By the report from the adjutant general, there
are 70 graduates from "West Point called supernu-
merary. There are 110 captains and subalterns ab-
sent from their regiments—not all on furlough, as
has been stated, but absent for the following rea-
sons: 37 on duties of the general staff; 20 at West
Point, as professors, commanders, &c.'; 5 on special
service; 12 sick; one suspended by general court
martial; 25 on furlough—making 110. Pifty-eight
of the above supernumerary officers are attached to
companies in the place of officers absent as above
stated; and the other 12 supernumeraries are attach-
ed—1 to the engineer corps; 4 to the topo-
graphical corps; and 7 to the ordnance coips;
making up the whole 70 on active duty. The
Military Academy would furnish 25 in addition
after July next, but the deaths, resignations, and
other causes, would create more vacancies than
could be supplied by the 25. In his estimation, it.
would be an act of extravagance to disband officers
who have been prepared for the service at great ex-
pense, and, at the same time, to continue to pre-
pare others at the Military Academy.
Mr. C. referred to the condition of the country
during the last war with Great Britain, when it was
so destitute of military information that they could
scarcely get books on military science, and had to
employ British deserters to teach the officers the
plainest duties. Indeed, after the war, they had to
send to Europe for an engineer, who had cost the
government millions of dollars. The object in form-
ing the peace establishment, was to have an army so
constituted as to keep alive some military knowl-
edge in the country. The principle adopted in 1821
was to reduce the army to the lowest limits required
to keep alive that military knowledge, to garrison
the posts, to guard the Indian frontiers, and to have
an army which could be expanded to double
its force in case of emergency. That policy had
been continued till this time. If this policy was a
bad one, let it be abandoned, and not only reduce
these second lieutenants, but reduce the whole ar-
my. To be consistent in making this reduction,
they should also reduce the two regiments of dra-
goons into one, reduce the artillery one half, and re-
dace the eight regiments of infantry into four. One-
half of the number of officers might then be disband-
ed. '
He was of tfye opinion that the present military
establishment was the cheapest as well as the most
efficient that could be adopted, and he was unwil-
ling to alter it. As a'measure of economy, he was
satisfied that the amendment would net produce the
results that the gentleman who advocated it con-
templated. For the purposes of retrenchment, he
was for going much farther than this amendment
proposed, and for correcting the abuses and redu-
cing the extravagances in the army which had hith-
erto remained untouched. If they took up this lit-
tle matter alone, and let others of more importance
remain untouched, they would accomplish nothing
valuable in the way of retrenchment. There were
extravagances and abuses in the army which ought
to be put an end to, but they principally arose from
the injudicious legislation of Congress.
In the first page of the estimates of the Secretary
of War, the estimates for the army proper amounted
to only three millions; but there were other objects
of expenditure, which he had not heard the greatest
advocates for economy complain of. Were there
not gentlemen here who were complaining of the
extravagances of the army, who were ready to vote
for a large portion of.-the estimates under the army
head, which did not properly belong to the army—
such as for harbors and rivers, pensions to widows
and soldiers, and expenditures for the Indian ser-
vice He found many gentlemen, whose remarks
were calculated to throw odium on the army, always
voting for one or all of these objects.
Mr. C. said that, instead of cutting down these
-supernumerary officers, the cheapest course would
be to reduce the number of cadets at the Military
Academy to 150, and by this means, the supernume-
raries would be absorbed in the army in the course
of a few years. He would also reduce the number
of professors at West Point, and in this way an
annual amount would be saved equal to that pro-
posed by the amendment.
Mr. DANA made some remarks in favor of the
amendment, arid contended that the number of of-
ficers in the army was too great in proportion to the
number of privates. The supernumeraries were en-
tirely unnecessary, as it appeared that they were
performing the duties of the commissioned officers
who were absent.
Mr. D, argued that this was the proper time for
retrenchment, if the House intended any measure
of that kind, and that, by waiting for another bill,
they would lose the opportunity altogether.
Mr. CARROLL deprecated these attacks on the
officers whose employment was under consideration,
without proof that they were unemployed; and he
justified their retention on the ground that it was
the duty of this country in peace to be prepared for
war.
. Mr. THOMAS SMITH spoke in favor of a dim-
inution of the public expenditures; and hence he
was in favor of the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio. He was of opinion that if the House
waited for the bill of the gentleman from South
Carolina, these reforms would never be effected; for
they could not possibly have any assurance that that
bill would come up bef«'e the end of the session,
when it would be too late to receive the mature con-
sideration of the Senate. He hoped the committee
would adopt the amendment now proposed; for it
was not inconsistent with the bill of the gentleman
from South Carolina, for which he (Mr. S.) should
also vote, when it came up. He was in favor of a
thorough organization of the army, but he was op-
posed to an army of officers without men; for it was
inconsistent with the principles o  which a republic
was based. He believed, if war should come, it
would be much easier then to obtain officers than
figliting-men. He was not one that believed that
science alone was necessary to do our fighting; but
he believed, also, that such science had been brought
to great perfection amongst our people; so that sci-
ence could be found amongst them, and a sufficient
number of men that would fight as bravely, and ex-
hibit as much skill as any of those who were edu-
cated at West Point.
Here a message was received from the Senate by
A. Dickens, esq., its secretary, who delivered to the
House many bills passed by the Senate.
Mr. SMITH resumed: lie said when he was in-
terrupted, he was trying to demonstrate that when
the day should come for fighting to be done, the
exigencies of the ense would call up the men who
were calculated and the best qualified to defend the
country. The gentlemen who were educated at
West Point, under such circumstances, would have
to be set aside, for they were not qualified for the
battle-field; and he should, therefore, vote for the
amendment. It had been asked what those young
gentlemen were to dor to which he replied that they
should be content with the education and the con-
sequent advantages which the country had given
them, without being thrown as a burden on the
country in the time of peace, with their servants and
forage. There were the various professions of the
country open to them, and they should labor for
themselves, as others of our sitizens were compelled
to do. If, however, no profession was open to
them, let them carry then- scientific attainments into
agricultural pursuits, in which they might be made
available both to their own and to their country's
interests. But there was another reason why he
should give support to this amendment. He was
desirous to diminish the appropriations, and the
amendment would reduce the proposed appropria-
tions of this bill some $80,000 or $90,000.
He did not desire to embarrass or to detain the
committee, for he felt convinced that it was the in-
tention of the House to come up and make this re-
trenchment, and dispense with these RHneeessary
and supernumerary officers. He had the intention
of proposing another amendment, if in order, that,
in the event of promotions becoming necessary in
consequence of the excision of these supernumera-
ries, such promotions should be made from the
line of the army. Whenever a young man was
found who had recommended himself by his ser-
vice in the ranks for four or five years, he
should be plaGed in the line of promotion. This
was the Way to give character and standing to the
army.
Mr. BRENGLE said he desired to occupy the
attention of the committee but a moment. They
were called on now to make an appropriation of
money for the public service, and he held it to be a
valuable maxim where money was to be appropri-
ated, to know beforehand that it was actually re-
quired for the public service. It was not incumbent
on the advocates of the proposed amendment to es-
tablish the proposition that these officers, who, in
the technical language of the Army Register, were
called supernumeraries, were useless; but it was
incumbent on those who advocated the expenditure
of the money to establish the converse of the propo-
sition, and satisfy the House that the public ser-
vice required the expenditure; and unless the pub-
lic service did require it, they had neither the
right nor the authority to expend it.
He was for maintaining such an army as the exi-
gencies of the country required. Thus far would he
go as willingly as any member of the House, but
not an inch beyond it. He made no sounding
phrases about retrenchment or useless expenditure.
If the public service required millions, he would
vote millions. This was his notion of the duty in-
cumbent upon him in reference to the question before
the House. He would vote for the amendment.
Mr. HUNT said he did not rise to prolong the
debate. He merely desired to offer an amendment
to the amendment. It would be borne in mind that
these supernumeraries, when they entered into the
service, came under an engagement to serve the
country for a term of years, wliich is not yet ex-
pired. He did not contend that it was strictly a le-
gal contract which could be enforced upon technical
grounds in a court of law, but the good faith which
every government was bound to observe, would dic-
tate the strict observance of the implied terms of
such contract. Mr. H. proposed to amend the
amendment by adding the words "who shall have
served for a longer period than the term of their
original engagement."
Mr. PATTERSON said he agreed with the gen-
tleman from Maryland, that if there was no necessi-
ty for these supernumerary officers they should
make no appropriation for them. But he had re-
ceived a memorandum from the head of the army,
in which it was stated that there were 09 supernu-
meraries, and that they were all as fully employed
as any of the officers were. The great bugbear
seemed to be that they were called supernumeraries.
Mr. McDOWELL referred to the law of 1812 to
show that this corps of supernumeraiy officers was
designed to fill the vacancies occurring from year to
year in the army.
Mr. McD. said it was plain that when that law
was framed, it was never contemplated that
it was never contemplated that seventy or eighty su-
pernumerary officers should be quartered on the
government in time of peace, at enormous expense;
and that the President, m retaining them in service,
had misconstrued it. Mr. M. then went on to say,
that it was the solemn and imperious duty of the
House to lighten the burdens of the people when-
ever they had the" opportunity of doing so; and
now that they had the power of retrenching, they
should not let the opportunity escape them by wait-
ing for onother bill. He would have preferred act-
ing first on the bill of the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Bi.ack;] but as the House had com-
menced on this, he was willing 'to go on with it.
Holding himself at all times ready to apply the
pruning knife of reform whenever it could be done
without detriment to the public service, he would
vote for the amendment of the geutleman from Ohio.
In giving this vote, however, he disclaimed any in-
tention of casting the slightest imputation on the of-
ficers who were educated at West Point. "He be-
lieved the majority of them to be very deserving
young men, and many of them had behaved with
freat gallantry in their country's service in Florida,
[is object was to retrench the public expenditures
as far as it could be done with advantage; and he
had no reference to individuals.
Mr. SAMPLE supported the amendment; and
