456
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
argued that the supernumeraries ought to be dis-
charged, as it was evident that there was no real
use for them. He thought it would be better for
these young men, who had received good educations
at the public expense, to send them out into the
useful and active employments of life, rather than
that they should live in idleness in the pay of the
government, and contract vicious habits.
Mr. PATTERSON asked leave to explain. He
had stated before, on official authority, that these
officers were actively and usefully employed in
filling the places of those officers who had been
drawn from the army to do duty in the staff, or at
West Point.
Mr. E. J. BLACK opposed the amendment with
much earnestness, contending that there was ample
employment for these supernumerary officers, and
that it was necessary to keep them m service to fill
the vacancies in the army as they eccur.
Mr. J. A. BLACK asked the permission of the
House to make some statements which he had taken
from the Army Register. The number of officers
of the line employed on staif duty was 64, viz: on
the general staif, 35; at the military academy, 20;
and on special service, 9;—making 64 in all. In the
regiment of dragoons, there were 3 company
officers, and 61 non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates, or 20^ privates to each company
officer. In the artillery, there were 4 officers, and
50 non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates, or 12| privates to 1 company officer. In the
infantry, there were 3 company officers, and 52 non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates; or
17 privates to 1 commissioned officer. Of the 64
staff officers from the line, there were 37 from the
artillery, who have 40 supernumerary first lieuten-
ants; and, therefore, every company in that arm
had three company officers, and three to spare. The
other 27 staff-officers form the ten regiments of
dragoons and infantry, embracing one hundred
companies; and, therefore, one-fourth of these com-
panies have but two company officers; but, by the
bill he (Mr. B.) had submitted to the House,
eight of these twenty-seven officers were returned to
the line; so that these ten regiments would have to
furnish but two officers to the staff" from each regi-
ment. Now, he learned, from very good authority,
that our very large staff, which he in no way con-
demned, was got up with the understanding
that a great part of it could be spared from the
line, and at a small increase of expense. He
had no objection to the staff. He believed it
to be essential to our skeleton organization, and
would prove more valuable in an emergency
than any other part of the army. By the organi-
zation of the army there were 733 commissioned
officers, 600 sergeants, 560 corporals, 14 sergeant
majors, and 14 quartermaster sergeants—making
1921 commissioned officers and non-ncommissioned
officers. There were 302 musicians, 100 artificers
and blacksmiths, 250 enlisted men of ordnance, and
6,040 privates. Taking the whole number of com-
missioned officers and non-commissioned officers,
there were about one commissioned officer and two
non-commissioned officers to ten privates, without
counting the supernumerary second lieutenants.
He made this statement, Mr. B. said, without any
unkind feelings to these supernumerary officers, and
without any hostility to West Point. His object
was to curtail the expenditures of tiie government,
and lop off all offices that could be dispensed with
without injury to the public service. While up, he
would state that the bill reported by him for redu-
cing the expenses of the army had been printed and
just laid on the tables of the members, and he would
ask the indulgence of the House to read the 12th
section ofit. Mr. B. then read the 12th section of
the bill as follows:
Si.e. 12. .find be it further mailed, That the fouith section
oi the act entitled "An act making Anther provision lor the
coips of ens^ineeis," appioved \pnl C9, 131-2, lie. and the
same is hereby, repealed; and that the President ol' the
United States shall toi thv, ith discharge all the supernume-
lary second lieutenants from the aimy of the United States,
hut nothing herein contained shall pie1, ml hmi Jioni ap-
pointing any of the supemnmeiary second lieutenants to
such vacancies as may hereafter occur in the arm) of the
United States; and it is further provided that each super-
"i"'neriary <!?con(* lieutenant, discharged under this act,
.shall be entitled to receive three months' extra compensa-
tion agreeable to his present pay and emoluments.
He concluded with the observation that he had
no unkind feeling towards these young officers, and
was only actuated by a desire to protect the inte-
rests of the country.
Mr. McKAY explained what had been the
regulation on this subject from the establish-
mentof this government, for the purpose of
showing that the number of commissioned
officers was greater to each company, in pro-
portion to the number of men, than hitherto em-
ployed, and' that many of these officers were un-
necessary. He however stated that, under existing
circumstances, the Committee of Ways and Means,
of which he was chairman, could not avoid making
an appropriation for these officers; they had no dis-
cretion to do otherwise than they had done, though
the committee were of opinion that there was no
necessity for at least a part of their supernumerary
lieutenants. The Committee of Ways and Means,
however, directed him to report a resolution to the
House, at an earlier part of the session, by which
the Committee on Military Affairs was instructed to
inquire into the expediency of discharging all, or a
part, of those supernumerary lieutenants. That
committee has not as yet made any specific report to
the House; but that the Committee of the Whole
Honse might understand the ground on which his
opinion was predicated, he would briefly advert to
the state of the army, and its organization at various
periods.
He then quoted various enactments, and amongst
other things, showed that, in 1786, when the first act
was passed on the subject, there was one captain
and two lieutenants to each company of sixty pri-
vates. In 1798, the number of officers -was still
three, rand the number ^of privates fifty-two. In
1800, the number of officers was the same, and the
number of privates ranged from eighty to ninety;
and it was only during the war that the number of
company officers was increased to four. In 1815,
for the first time, the number authorized to be em-
ployed was five that being the close of the war; but
the number of privates was then one hundred. But
now there were five officers for each company of
forty-two men, irrespective of thees surpernumerary
lieutenants. He spoke of the manner in which
the President of the United States had attach-
ed these supernumerary officers to the artillery
corps, and likewise to the engineer corps and ord-
nance department; and read extracts from a work on
the condition of the British army, by which it was
shown that five commissioned officers were deemed
too many for each company of British soldiers.
He said he believed there was no necessity for so
many of these supernumerary lieutenants; he believed
four commissioned officers to command 42 men,
composing each company of artillery, were suffi-
ciently ample, but he would not propose to reduce
them; he did, however, think the committee should
be cautious how they acted in the manner proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio. He trusted they
would not precipitate action, and suggested that the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio should be
withdrawn or voted down, and that then the appro-
priation should be reduced by the $80,000 reported
for the supernumerary officers, and that the appro-
priation for them should be made a part of the bill
from the Committee on Retrenchment, on a discus-
sion of which the House could determine what
change should be made, and what appropriation
should be voted. That course would impose a
moral constraint on the House to act on the bill of
the Committee on Retrenchment, and would avoid
the evil of encumbering the bill now before the com-
mittee with propositions for a reorganization of the
army.
Mr. BR1NKERHOFF opposed the suggestion of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HAMLIN followed on the same side.
Mr. HAMMETT opposed the suggestion of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. McKAY said he had trusted that the com-
mittee would vote down the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio; and if a majority "agreed with
linn that a part, at least, of the number of these offi-
cers ought to be reduced, the amount inserted in
the bill should be reduced; and afterwards, if it
were considered necessary, the whole number might
be dispensed with.
The debate was further continued bv Messrs
ADAMS and C. JOHNSON.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and negatived.
The question recurred upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, and tellers were appointed
who reported 84 votes in the affirmative, and 29 in
the negative.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON said he regarded this vote as
an index, that the committee were in favor, to some
extent, at least, of the report of the Committee on
Retrenchment; and inasmuch as that report proposed
a considerable reduction, and as those reductions
could not be made in an appropriation bill, he hoped
the bill would be laid aside, and that the bill (No.
256) for the regulation of the pay of the army
would be taken up.
Mr. WHITE observed that that bill had been
been reported only this morning; and
Mr. THOMPSON interposed to say that the
question was not debatable.
Mr. WHITE said he would like to hear the bill
read, and he would suggest that the committee then
rise.
The bill having been read through,
Mr. WHITE moved that the committee rise; re-
jected.
The CHAIR directed it to be read by sections,
for the purpose of allowing opportunities to offer
amendments.
The first section was read; when
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS submitted an amendment
to abolish the office of major general.
Mr. J. A. BLACK obtained the floor; but gave
way to
Mr. WHITE, on whose motion the committee
rose and reported progress.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House take up
the resolution of the Senate to adjourn on the 27th
of May.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was canied, and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By the SPEAKER: Resolutions of the legislative coun-
cil of the Territory of Florida, requesting a division of the
Territory.
^ By Mr. DUNLAP: The petition of Elizabeth Stanford, of
Elizabeth, Cumberland county, Maine, piaying to-be allow-
ed the amount of prize money, due her late husband, John
'McCatiery, who was. a seaman on board the Bon Homme
Richard, when she captured the Serapis, during the war of
the revolution; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
By Ml'. E. J. MORRIS: The memorial signed by several
hundred citizens of Philadelphia, representing the prosper-
ous condition under the present tariff, and piotesting against
its repeal. Also, a memorial of similar tenor Irom citizens
of Sluppensburg, Pennsylvania. Also, the memorial of John
S. Gilbert, asking Congress to examine and report upon the
merits ot his patent balance floating dock.
By Mr. STEENROD: The petition of a portion of the
citizens-of Adair county, Mo., requesting the passage of a
law to give the settlers under the provisions of the pre-
emption law two years, from the time that the land comes
into market, to pay for it.
By Mr. DANA: The iemonstrance of Benjamin Joy, and
61 other citizens of l.udlowville, Tompkins county, N. Y ,
against the annexation of Texas.
By Mr. WENTWOllTH: The remonstrance of sundry
citizens of Lee county, Illinois, against the removal of the
land office from Dixon, the centre of the district, to Galena,
the north'port, with sundry letters, maps, &c\: referred to
the Committee oil Public Lands Also, a petition for a mail
route from St. Charles, Kane county, Illinois, to Cleveland
Winnebago county, via Berkshire, (ienoa. and Hicks's Mills!
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Tost Roads.
Also, a petition for a mail route from Chicago to Mbam-
via Babcock's Grove, St. Charles, and Sycamoie: referied to
the Committee on the Tost Office and Tost Roads.
By Mr. ANDREW KENNEDY: The petition of E. Robi
net, praying an extension ot his pension on account of hi?
disability, resulting fiom wounds received during the war
ot lfcli: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Ten-
sions. J
Free Masonry.—When the bill to incorporate
the Grand Lodge of Free Masons of the District of
Columbia was yesterday before the House, and the
yeas and nays were called on the motion to lay the
bill oil the table, Mr. McConnell made a remark
on his name being called, which wag accidentally
omitted from our report. It way as follows:
"Mr. McConnell said he himself was a mason,
true to the faith. The order had lived for more
than six thousand years on its own merits; and
having sustained itself thus long without legislative
aid, and against the persecutions of wicked men, he
had no fears but that it would still triumph without
any such aid. He should therefore vote to lay the
bill on the table.
The following was omitted in yesterday's report:
Mr. STEENROD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made a report upon the peti-
tion of Patrick Masterton, accompanied by a bill
(No. 274) for his relief; which bill was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole House, and made the order of the day
for to-morrow.
