r>-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4ft
Mr. MARSH, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, made
a report upon the petition of Philip B. Holmes and William
Pednck, accompanied with a bill for their relief: referred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. JOSEPH MOIIIIIS, fiom the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, made an adverse report upon the petition of Levi H.
Parish; which report was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SIMPSON, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
made an adverse report upon the subject of dry docks at
Philadelphia and Kittery.
Mr. BARRINGER, from a minority of the Committee on
Naval Affdirs, made- a report in favor of a dry dock at Phil-
adelphia.
Ordered, That the said reports be laid on the table]
Mr. GIDD1NGS, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions, made a report upon the petition of Alice
Upshur, accompanied b) a bill for her relief; which bill was
read twice, and referred to a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. T1LDEN, from the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
reported a bill for the benefit of John Perham; which bill
was read twice, and committed to a Committee of the Whole
House.
On motion of Mr. PRATT,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Buildings be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the case of James
H Schnell, and that it do lie on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH, from the Committee on Territories,
reported the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to this House all the information m the possession
of the topographical department with reference to the im-
portance of a harbor in the Territory of Wisconsin at Mani-
touoc, and also the cost of the same, whether from govern-
ment officers or otherwise.
Mr. HUNGER FORT) then renewed his motion that the
House go into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. A. JOHNSON desired the gentleman to withdraw
that motion for a moment, to allow him t9 submit a report
from the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER remarked that the morning hour had ex-
pired.
The question was taken on the motion to suspend the
rules, and decided in the affirmative.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill making appropriations for the support of
the army for the fiscal year commencing on the first day of
July, 1844, and ending on the thirtieth day of June, 1843.
The question pending being upon the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. J. W. Davis] to abolish
the office of major general.
Mr. J. A. BLACK was entitled to the floor, but not being,
at the moment, in his seal,
Mr. DAVIS rose to make a few observations in explana-
tion of the reasons which influenced him in offering the
amendment. It was not his intention, he said, to disparage,
in the slightest degree, the present incumbent, or to say
anything m relation to the acts of that gentleman.
Mr. BLACK ha\ ing returned to his seat, then addressed
the committee. Reform, he said, to be effectual, must be gen-
eral, and governed by principles of justice and moderation,
and his anxious desire, in approaching this subject, was,
while making reforms of essential importance, not to run
into any extreme. The committee, in entering upon the
investigation of the subject, found that it was within the
power of the President of the United States, of the Secre-
tary of War, and of the commanding general, to exercise a
very great range of discretion in regard to the emoluments
of the chief officers of the army. This the committee had
attempted to correct. Their object was to place the matter
upon such a footing that the pay of those officers should
hereafter be by stated salaries, and not by emoluments and
perquisites; the allowance of which seemed to have arisen
from the misfortune of the monthly pay being too low.
The reform, to be efficient, ought to be general; and
therefore the committee had determined upon adopting the
strict salary system, m opposition to the system which had
horetofoie been followed. He knew that it was the wish of
many highly respectable officers of the army to be placed
in this respect abo\esuspicion.The salary system, inalime
of peace, was peculiarly the proper system; and in time of
war, with a moderate increase, would do very well, be was
convinced. When w ar came, it would be proper to allow to
the officers rations for themselves and their sen ants, and for-
rage fortheii hoises. This would be an increase of pay to a
cotonelof$500a year, and to other officers in like proportion,
and admirably adapted tow ar service. On the return of peace,
these allowances could be taken away, and the pay lulueed
to the rates fixed by this bill. He would, however, urge on
the House, and especially on those w ho were anxious for
reform, the propriety of stopping at a point which would
effect a great and essential improvement Let us not, .said
he, attempt too much at onee, but rather submit to the
country a plan so plain and so clear, that every citi7en
could understand it, and if, upon examination, it should be
found that too much had been done here, and too little
there n future Congress could amend it There was one
branch of expenditure which the committee had retrained
from touching, and that w as, the subject of quarters and
fuel- but, at the next session of Congress, he should call on
the Secretary of War for a plan of allow ances for these arti-
cles "and endeavor to frame o bill to regulate them by law.
Hitherto it had been thought better to leave this subject to
the discretion of the Secretary of "W ar, inasmuch as an offi-
cer stationed at the North would consume more fuel then
one stationed at the South. So it was m regard to the arti-
cle of quarters, the cost of them being greater in one por-
tion of the country than in another. So far as his examina-
tions had extended, he was satisfied that it would be prema-
ture to fasten any sj stem on the country which subsequent
information might show to be an injurious °ne. If w e suc-
ceed (said Mr. B.) in carrying through this bill, we shall
effect an annual saving of upwards of half a million, and
this, too, would not be the only advantage gamed, for a re-
form would be effected in other particulars which would
add greatly to the efficiency of the army. He was for try-
ing the experiment, and he felt great confidence that it
would work well.
Mr. B. then proceeded to call the attention of the commit-
tee to the reduction of the pay of the enlisted men from 8
to 6 dollars a month; and said that this was one dollar a
month more than the soldiers' pay before the war of 1812,
and after the war, on the organization of the peace estab-
lishment. Besides, should a war break out, it would be
necessary to raise the pay ef the soldiers, and the reduction
now would enable them-to do so without being under the
necessity of giving extravagant pay. In reference to the
pay of the non-commissioned offiers, Mr. B. said that,
though it was reduced, it was considerably more than the
hardy yeomanry of the country could earn at the plough,
notwithstanding their comparatively light service, and the
allowance of rations and clothing and medical attendance.
The committee had equalized the pay of the soldiers in the
dragoon, artillery, and infantry; for they saw no reason why
the dragoons should get more pay than the others, as the
duties they had to perform were not more onerous than
those of the infantry and artillery. Mr. B. in conclusion,
expressed his objections to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana to abolish the office of major general, as
in fact there were fewer field officers than a regular organiza-
tion of the peace esablishment would require. A regular or-
ganization for our present force would require two major
generals and four brigadier generals, whereas there was
now but one major general and two brigadier generals.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS observed that^he had no personal
objections to the major general, and no feelings of malevo-
lence towards him to gratify, but his sole design, in offering
his amendment, was to promote the public good. IIo saw
no earthly use for the officc, as it was now conducted, and
could not consent to paying this gentleman $8,000 a year
for living here in Washington, for what purposes he could
not imagine. If the major general was doing duty with the
army, or commanding some military division, he should not
object, but he must express his disapprobation of his being
placed here as the military adviser of the Secretary of War,
as some gentlemen suggested. Mr. D. referred to the differ-
ences as to relative rank which had formerly existed be-
tween Generals Scott and Gaines, and said he could not un-
derstand how the latter, whose date of sen ice was long
prior to that of the former, should have been placed under
him. By abolishing the office ofmajor general, there would
be three brigadier generals left m the service, and the diffi-
culty as to rank w ould be done away with.
Mr. HALE hoped this bill would not be embarrassed by
amendments, for such a coursc would tend to jeopard it
Mr. DEAN was opposed to any amendment, or any act of
legislation, which would reflect personally on Gen. Scott.
Jf any man had added glory to his country, it was General
Scott, who had distinguished himself for his bravery and
his gallantry in the field of battle. Chippewa, Bridgewater,
and Lundy's Lane, spoke his glory. But, if reforms w ere ne-
cessary, let them be made, and he believed the army could
be so reformer! as to meet the approbation of the American
people; but, while he wvnt for reforms, he would not aid to
destroy—he would not strike at the war-worn veterans of
the country.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS moved to laj aside the army bill,
and take up the bill for the improvement of western har-
bors and rivers.
Mr. WENTWORTH begged of the gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky to withdraw Ins motion, as there was an understand-
ing among the western members that the bill should be ta-
ken up early next week. On Monday next, he would be
pleased to co-operate with his friend from Kentucky, but,
at present, he must vote against him, as his friend from Penn-
syh ania, [Mr Rkad,] who had an important hand m framing
that bill, was now absent, and was daily expected to return,
and the understanding was, when he left, that the bill should
not be hurried on in his absence.
Mr. DAVIS withdrew his motion.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVJS said Ins object in proposing hi?
amendment was to place the array as it was during the last
war. They had then several major generals, who were not
all equal in command, for they ranked according to the
dates of their commissions, or some other other circum-
stance winch gave them precedence. He wished to relieve
the treasury from the payment of a major general for sit-
ting m his pailor here, and dictating to Congress what it
should do. His object was to get rid of the office; and he
had said nothing in disparagement of the officer. He did
not wish to see ari officer quaitercd here on the
country, filching from the treasury some eight thousand
dollars per annum, when ho was w orse than useless He
called upon the House to do its duty in this matter. He com-
mented on the professions of economy end retrenchment
which they heard there, and said, notwithstanding'those pro-
fessions, when a diposition was shown to carry them out the
cry was, '-thi« was not the time, or that is not the place, re-
trenchment there i< out of order " He appealed to the House
to show that they meant reform when thev talked about re-
form. They had been told that they could not get along
without o head for the army; but how did they get along
during the war7 Had they any one man then placed abo\ e
the rest' And if they got along in time ol war without one
man being placed above the re.st bj virtue of any special en-
actment wb\ could they not get along in time of peace > The
gentleman from Ohio "had told them, if the} passed this
amendment they would reflect personally on General Seott;
but he should like to know by w hat system of logic the gen-
tleman could make that toappeor.be, (Mr I),) how ever,
w ished no pensions to be paid under the head ol pa\ : if pen-
sions were to be gi\ en, let them be given as pensions. lie
would osk the gentleman from Ohio w hat he thought of the
reflection on General Jackson when he was legislated out of
the armv. Was that a personal reflection'' Nor was this a
personal reflection on General Seott. He (Mr. D ) entertain-
ed as high a regard for General Scott as the gentleman from
Ohio, but he also had a great regDrd for the interests of the
country.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he had a very few remarks to
make in reply to the gentleman from Indiana,he did not pro-
pose to touch at all on any question of difference between
General Gaines and General Stott, or their services to the
country. Nor should he inquire into the propriety of the
rank of General Scott; for the fact was,- that the, proper au-
thority of this country had conferred on him the oiiiee h^
held, and that was sufficient for him (Mr. D.) to induce him
to respect Gen. Scott as an officer of the rank to which he
had been raised. There was no fcomparisoH between thi$
case and that of General Jackson: in the latter-case, there
was a reduction of the army, some of whom must necessa-
rily be disbanded; but here there was no proposition to ,
gislate General Scott out of the army, because of a supera-
bundance of officers high in rank, but to degrade him from
the rank which he holds.
If gentlemen desired that the office should be abolished,
let them provide prospectively for its abolishment; and not
degrade aa honorable and high-minded officer, and drive
him from the service. What did the gentleman mean when
he talked of money being filched from the treasury, as ap-
plied to that officer? Did the gentleman mean to say that
General Scott had received money to which he was not
lawfully entitled?
Mr DAVIS said he had spoken with reference .„to the
office only; and not with reference to the gentleman who
at present tilled the office.
Mr. DROMGOOLE continued. There was no imputation,
then, upon Gen. Scott. The gentleman admitted that he on-
ly received what the law gave him; and because, in the es-
timation of the gentleman, the law gave him too much pay,
he called it filching from the treasury. How was it filching
from the treasury? It was paid in obedience to the law of
Congress. It was Congress, then, which filched from the
treasury. He would not detain the committee, for he could
not believe for a moment that the amendment would be
adopted.
Mr. HALE desired to say a word or two in regard to the
course which he should take, and in reply to the gentle-
man from Indiana. It seemed to him that it did not require
an excess of that candor which should exist in every human
breast, to admit that the course which he thought it necer-
sary to pursue was not dictated by a desire to withhold his
aid m the reform of any abuse. He would take this occasion
to say to the gentleman, that, so far from this being the case,
he had not yet intimated to the House on iota of the reform
which, if an opportunity should be afforded him, he intended
to introduce, [A laugh.] He would begin by abolishing the
whole system of courts martial, which were nothing else
than a most odious relic of barbarism. He would elevate
the civil power, and bring the army and navy down. He
would do something towards elevating the condition of the
common soldier; he would level upwards as well as down.
It was for this reason that he would not ingraft thia
amendment upon the bill.
Mr ADAMS said he felt called upon to say a very few
words upon this amendment, for which 1^; could not vote,
not only on the ground which had alread^bcen set forth by
other members, but also on one ground which had not been
noticed. The gentleman who moved the amendment bad
assumed that the office of commander-in-chief was unneces-
sary; but he presumed that if the gentleman were'callcd
upon to produce proofs m support of that position, he would
find some difficulty in doing it. If the gentleman were to
apply to the President of the United States for his opinion
upon the point, he would not find him willing to declare
that the office was useless. This lie would find to be true,
not only in reference to the present President, but every one
from Mr. Monroe down to the present. When the army
was reduced, in 1821, General Jackson was legislated out of
office, because he was one of two majorgenerals; but it was
never thought that there should be none.
He thought it would be rather precipitate action on the
part of the House to determine upon the mere opinions of
one or two gentlemen here, that the office of major general
was useless. With respect to the effect it would have on
the present incumbent, he felt bound to say that he thought
it would be an ill return lor his great services, both m time
of war and in time of peace. As far as related to the pay
and compensation of the army, he thought piobably he
should feel bound to vote in favor of the report of the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment; and he would do so in considera-
tion of the public interest, and not because his feelings
would prompt such diminution of pay, and with respect to
General Scott, he could say that he received not one dollar
more Viarx he deserved from his country.
Mr. HARALSON said it was with reluctance that he de-
tained the committee with any remarks, as he knew thev
w ere anxious to take the vote upon the amendment which
had been proposed; but he felt it to be his duty to do so, for
he was apprehensive that the amendment would be incor-
porated m the bill. He had none of those feelings in regard
to Generals Scott and Gaines, which some gentlemen ap-
dppeared to have. Those gentlemen had shown them-
vehes gallant on every occasion when the country required
their services; and he would not detract from their well-
merited reputation. He hoped that gentlemen would not
suffer their opinions to bo influenced lightly on this subject.
It was as necessary that there should be a head officer of the
arm\, as that there should be a head officer m any depart-
ment of the government, lint it was objected to because
the officer lesided at the City of Washington; and because,
as gentlemen seemed to suppose, the office w as a sinecure,
lie begged to dissent from this opinion. Ue thought Wash-
ington was the most suitable place for the re<idencti of the
commander of the army, that he might have reodv commit,
uication with all parts of the Union The time had ne^er
been w hen that officer refused to go in person to any quar-
ter of the country where his senicps were required. He
hoped gentlemen would consider well before they consent-
ed to abolish an office which was so neeessdiy ds that of com-
mander-in-chief of the army.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERS0LL obsen ed that it was owing to
the gallantry and achievements of General Scott that they
were now enabled to <ut there m safety, to h gislate him out
of office He flattered himself that there was no danger of
this proposition being adopted; but he would entreat those
gentlemen who were disposed to favor it, to bear in mind
what the country owed to this distinguished officer.
The question was then taken on the amendment of Mr
Dm is, and it was rejected.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS then offered an amendment to reduce
the pay of the major general from $350 a month to $250. but
this amendmentwas also rejected.
