462
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading Qf the bill by sec-
tions, but was interrupted at line OS by
Mr. COLES, who inquired if an amendment to the first
section would be in order.
The OHAIR answered in the negative.
Mr. COL&S said he was constrained to make some re-
marks at this stage of it. He was as much in favor of econ
omy and retrenchment as any member of the House; but he
doubted whether any efficient -reform would be effected in
the manner proposed. He was satisfied that this bill, if
passed, would share the fate oXmany others, and be repealed
at the next session of Congress. Many attempts had hereto-
fore been made to regulate the pay of the officers of the
army by fixed salaries; but they had always failed.
Mr. J. A. BLACK begged leave to explain that the system
of salaries had been tried and with success. The paymaster
general and surgeon general of the army were salaried offi-
cers, and had been so for years.
Mi'. COLES said he graiited that these two cases present-
ed an argument apparently in favor of the principle, but
they were wholly different from the rest of the army; they
were at the head of bureaus here in Washington, and not
situated as other officers were. lie was satisfied that the
plan proposed in the bill was impracticable, and would, if
adopted, be repealed when found not to work well. Mr. C.
also expressed his objections to the bill that it would create
inequalities in the compensation of officers. He would pre-
fer postponing the bill till more information was? had on the
subject; and with this view moved that the committee
rise.
Messrs. BLACK and COLES severally explained.
Mr. BIDLACK made some observations, and the first sec-
tion was then passed, and the committee proceeded to the
consideration of those that succeeded, in which some verbal
corrections were made, on the suggestion of Mr. Black of
South Carolina.
Some other amendments were proposed and negatived,
fl Mr. THOMAS SMITH proposed to add a proviso to the
end of the 12th section, providing that nothing therein con-
tained should be so construed as to prevent promotions
from the army.
Mr. HALE deemed the proviso unnecessary.
The CHAIRMAN put tire question, but there was no quo-
rum voting.
Tellers were called for and ordered.
Messrs. Kennedy of Marvland, and Smith of Indiana,
were appointed; and, after having counted the votes, they
reported 75 in the affirmative, and 40 in the negative.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. COLES moved to amend, by adding to the fourteenth
section the follomng: "And that all laws regulating or au-
thorizing the aj^Kiutment of forage and wagon-masters be,
and the same arenereby, repealed;'5 which was adopted.
Mr. COLES also moved to amend the 15th section by
adding "that heieafter no professor shall bo appointed ex-
cept from the army."
Messrs. CLINTON and BLACK of South Carolina opposed
the amendment, it was also opposed by Mr. ADAMS. He
said he thought the appointing power ought to havethewho'p
range of civil life to choose from, and that a sort ol privi-
leged order ought not to be set up by confining it to the
army. The amendment was rejected.
The committee rose and reported that they had come to
no resolution, and the House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were handed
to the reporters by the members presenting them:
By Mr. LABRANCHE: The petition of citizens of the
parishes of Natchitoches and Sabine, State of Louisiana, for
the construction of a military road between the town of
Natchitoches and the river Sabine: referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals. Also, the petition of citi?ens of
the parish of St. Mary, State of Louisiana, remonstrating
against the removal of the custom-house from Franklin to
PatersonviUe: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. HOOK: The petition of Wm. J. Phelps, and 46
others, oiti'/.ens of Mercer county, in the State of Illinois,
praying Congress to grant a section of land for school pur-
posed, in heu of section Id, m township No. 15 north, range
3 west, of the fourth principal meridian: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands
By Mr SCHKNCK: The petition of I). W. Noble and -219
other eiti/ens of Montgomery county, Ohio, praying for a
reduction of the pay and mileage of members of Congress:
referred to the Select Committee on Retrenchment
By Mr. W HUNT: The petition ol citr/ens ol Niagara
couuty, New York, for an amendment ol the natmali/.ation
laws. Al«o, the petition of 120 citr/ens, for impro\ing the
barracks of the soldiers at Fort Niagara
By Mr. RAMSF-i : Petition of John C Lessig. Charles
Storen, and numurous other citizens of Schuylkill county,
Penns\ lvania, protesting against any interference with the
tarift ol 184'2. The petition of James Bantam, N. M. Wilson,
and M\ty-fhe others, of Schuylkill county Pennslyvama
The petition ot Thomas Willnms, Sumuel Stephens, and
forty others, citizens ol Sehuj'lkill county, Pennsylvania
The petition ol John Sims, Fmncis ( onner, and others citi-
zens of Schuylkill county, Penn<\ haui.i, all, as the first, pro-
testing against any interference with the t.irifi ot IS 12
By .Mr. PRESTON KINO: Petition off harles Dagan and
others, for a law granting a pension to Mary Seget, u idov
of Peter Soger, a revolutionary soldier: r( ferred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
By .Mr. BLACKWELL: Petition of William Hogshead and
l-2fi others, praying that the eompanv of < apUui Jolui 13.
Crozier. rohmtters culled out by the (Jowmor of T<nn«'s-
see, in compliance with a requisition of the Piesnleitt ot the
United States, m 1836, be allowed pay fur their services dt
thes arao rate others were paid.
By Mr. BUFFING-TON: Petition of Mott Wilkinson, of
Indiana county, Pennsylvania, a revolutionary soldier, foi
an increase of his pension.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Satcrd w,|March *29, 1844.
Mr. ROBERTS, by leave, presented a resolution oi the
legislature of the State of Mississippi, instructing the sena-
tors and requesting the representatives from said State m
the C ongress of the United States to use exertions to have
the price of public lands in that State reduced; which was
referred to a Committee of tlie Whole House oil the state of
the-Union.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry executive
communications—viz:
- A letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting an ab-
stract of returns of collectors of customs, pursuant to the
act of May, 1796, for the relief and protection ol American
seamen, snowing the number of registered seamen in each
port of entry in the United States, made agreeably to the act
of 2d May, 1799; which letter and abstract were laid upon
the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a report from the Register of the Treasury, showing the
quantity and value of unmanufactured wool imported during
the years 1840, 1841, 1842, and 1843; which letter and report
were ordered to lie on the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
a report, &c., in relation to the claims of the heirs of the late
Jean Baptiste Macaity; which letter was referred to the
Committee on Private I,and Claims.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to
the public lands in the States of Ohio, Indiaua, Illinois, Mis-
souri, Alabama, Mississippi. Louisiana, Michigan, and Ar-
kansas; which letter was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The following letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting copies of all papers and correspondence in his depart-
ment relating to Lieutenant Braxton Bragg, of the United
States army; which letter was laid on the table.
War Department, March 28, 1844
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a
resolution, adopted yesterday by the House of Representa-
ti\ ( s, directing me to "report an order or letter sent bj* the
adjutant general to Lieut. Braxton Biagg, of the United
States army, on or about the 20th day of March inst.; and
aho lequiring from this department certain information in
reference to that order, and the arrest of Lieut. Bragg, as
well as the subsequent proceedings taken against that of-
ficer by the commanding general of the aimy.
In compliance with the call thus made upon me, I trans-
mit herewith copies of all the papers on file in this depart-
ment which relate to the several branches of the above
resolution, and upon which I am directed to furnish infor-
mation.
On the 18th or 19th instant, the commanding general laid
before me the proceedings of a meeting of the officers ol
the 4th vegiment of artillery, held at Fort Monroe on the
7th instant, for the purpose "of taking into consideration
the propriety of sending a delegate to Washington to at-
tend to their interests." Notwithstanding the officers of this
regiment had concluded it was inexpedient to tend a dele-
gate to Washington, my attention was, at the same time,
called to the probability that other regiments might have
deputed such delegations. In the remarks endorsed on
those proceedings, dated the 19th instant, this department
intended to convey its sense of the impropriety of the prac-
tice of officers of the army organizing themselves for the
purpose of discussing military regulations, or measures be-
fore Congress, and agitating the question of sending offi-
cers from their posts and duties to attend as delegates at
the seat of government, and at the same time to mark with
its most decided censure any caso m which this organiza-
tion had actually led to the appointing and sending of such
delegates. The course to be pursued in carrying these in-
tentions into effect were, however, left to the discretion and
judgment of the commanding general On my application
to this officer, he has justintoimed me that the "supposi-
tion" of Lieut. Bragg being a delegate was predicated upon
facts which casually come to his knowledge, but through
no distinctly official source, and which, lie thinks, haVe
been fully sustained and corroboiated by the conduct and
letter ot Lieutenant Bragg himself. Placing full reliance m
the military experience and sagacity of the commanding
general, the course he has pursued in this case for main-
taining subordination and discipline, received and carries
with it my full approbation. So profound was his re-
gard for the privileges of the House of Representatives, and
so cautious was he that no military order emanating from
the adjutant general's office should even interfere with the
personal wishes or convenience of gentlemen of that body,
that in the order of the 20th instant for the return, forth-
u ith, of Lieutenant Bragg to his duties, it is expressly pro-
vided not to take effect if Lieutenant Bragg should "lie
under the summons of a committee of Congress, or under
examination by some such committee."
I beg leai e to express the belief that the accompanying
papers will show to the House that Lieutenant Bragg was
toot arrested lor remaining in Washington when m at-
tendance before a committee of the House. He was not ar-
it -4. d until .iftri the tore he had himsell reportul that lie
would be discharged from attendance on the committee
nor was he ordered, to leave Washington belore the time he
had nlso himself appointed for his departure
I am sore.-what embarrassed a.s to the manner in which
I shall notice the last clause of the resolution It requires
me to inform the House ' whether the proceedings ai-aiast
LieuU naul Brags' were not induced by the tears or suspi-
cions ot the major gen< rril commanding in chief, of mfoina-
tion said Lieutenant Bragg was supposed to he impaiting to
committees or memheis of tin Hon ;e."
The avow t d cau^e-% tor the arrest will be seen in the
charges and sp< enications preferred against LieuUnunt
■Bragg.
1 have no knowledge whatever of the existenct
or influence of any such fears or suspicions. _My
knowledge of the high and honorable character and gfdlant
and faithful services to his country of the commanding gen-
eral of the army, ■would promptly forbid my entertaining,
for a moment, the slightest suspicion of his being actuated
by motives so unworthy, and so totally incompatable with
the tenor of his whole military life
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM WILKINS,
Secretary of War.
Hon. John W. Jones, Speaker H- R.
Fort Monroe, Va., Mare,h 7, 1844.
General: At a meeting of the officers of the 4th regiment
of artillery held at this post, for the purpose of taking into
consideration the propriety of sending a delegate to Wash-
ington to attend to their interests, the undersigned, their
committee, were directed to express the unanimous convic-
tion of the officers of the 4th artillery present, "that m the
commander-in-chief of the army, they already possessed the
best of delegates, one who had always shown himself ready
to defend the rights, and promote the best interests of the
service; that they are fully satisfied that no efforts will be
spared to ward oft'the threatened attack against the organi-
zation of the corps to which they belong, and that they will
thankfully receive any suggestion which he may deem
proper to offer for their future guidance on this subject "
With the highest respect, we are, general, your most obe-
dient servants,
F. S. BELTON, Major 4th Arty.
JOHN MONROE, Bt Maj 4th Arty.
HARVEY BROWN. Bt. Maj. 4th Arty.
ALEX. E. SHIRAS, 1st Lt. 4th Art.
GEO. W. RAINS, 2d Lt 4th Art.
To Major General Wivfield Scott,
Commanding-in-chief, U. S. Army.
[Endorsement of the Secretary of War on the foregoing
letter.]
War Department, March 19, 1844.
Sir: "The rights and interests of the service" will always
find ample security in the attention ot the President, of
yourself, and of the head of this department. However
proper may have been the "unanimous conviction" of the
officers of the 4th artillery expressed as within, at their
meeting, yet I cannot approve any measures adopted by the
officers of the army for the purpose of sending delegates to
Washington City to attend Congress, either for the purpose
of '-'warding oft," or promoting any particular action touch-
ing their organization Sometimes the personal attendance
ot officers trom a distance maybe required by the depart-
ment to communicate necessary and important imforma-
tion. In such cases, orders through you will juftify their
presence.
If any officers of the army are now here in the capacity ot
delegates, you will please to order them to return t© their
duties.
Very respectfullv, vour obedient servant,
WM. WILKINS,
Secretary of War.
Major General Scott,
Commanding the army.
AI>JL rANT GFN'f RAI.'S Ol-'EICf ,
Washington, March 20, IS 14.
Sir: On the supposition that you are in this city, as a
delegate, formally or informally deputed, to represent the
interests of your regiment or grade, in connexion with mea-
sures before Congress, or expected to be brought forvi aid
in that honorable body, the general-in-chiefhas received the
instructions of the executive, through the War Department,
to order you forthw ith to return to your post or duties, un-
less, indeed, you should be under the summons of a com-
mittee of Congress, or under an examination by some such
committee.
If the above supposition be incorrect, you will report the
fact for consideration at general headquarters.
I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
R. JONES, Adj. Gen.
First Lieutenant Braxton- Braoo,
3d Artillery, Washington City.
Washi-vgtox, -20th March, 1H4J.
Sin: I reply to your letter of the 20th inst. calling for cer-
tain sujiposed facts connected \\ ith my presence m this cm ,
1 have the honor to enclose you a copy of an order grant-
ing me a leave of absence, which has not \ et expired; and
also to inform you that i had intended leaving here on the
morning of the 2 id, for my post, unless detained by .some
unforsecn occurrence.
I take great pleasusure in .stating that I shall never foil,
either here or elsewhere, to sustain, to the utmost ©fri-
abilities, what I conceive to be the interests ofmv regi-
ment and grade; and I must acknowledge the honor done
me in supposing I am the delegated organ of either.
As I am in doubt as to the intention of your letter, please
inform me whether I am to consider it as an order to rejoin
my post.
I am, sir, &c ,
BKAX'N. BRAGG, 1st Lt. 3d Arty.
To Gen. R. Jones,
Adjt Gen. LT. S. A.
[Copy of order ^enclosed in Lieutenant Bragg's letter oi
March'>0, Id U]
Special Order®, No. 7
Head QiHRiFRi, }iir.n.iRY T)x p\nr,ir->T
Fort Moultrie, S C\, ftbruary .9 1844.
Leave of absence for thuhj days, from March 1st. is granted
to; First Lieutenant }} Ika**. 3d artillery, at the expiration
ol w hieh he will rejoin his company.
By order of Brigadier (it neral Armstead:
VV. A. I5UOWNR,
Lt 3d Art A. A. A. G.
W«M:i\(no": eiTY, -1st March, 1 >11.
Sm: I have the honor to inform you that, in obedience to
the enclosed order, the sersreant-at-arms of the llou^e of
Rppresentatn es has this day'servud on me a summons to at-
tend as a itness before the "Committee on Public Expend-
itures.'5
ITpon a reconsideration of your letter of yesterday, I had
determined to leave this city as soon as practicable, and
must now request your instructions, the order of the execu-
tive having terminated my leave.
I am. sir, most respectfully,
LRAXW BRAGG.
1st Lt. 'id Artillery.
Generi] R Jo-vrs,
Ajt. General U. 3 A.
