CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
46t*
[Copy of the summons served upon Lieutenant Bragg by the-
Sergeant-at-ar*ms of House of Representatives, referred to
in his letter of March 21,1844.]
House of Representatives,
Washington, March 21, 1844.
Sir: You are hereby required to summon Lieut. Braxton
Bragg, of the U. S. artillery, to appear and testify before the
Committee of the said House on Public Expenditures, on
Friday, the 22d instant, at 9 o'clock, a. m.
By otder of the committee.
JAMES G. CLINTON, Ch'n.
To Nnvyton Lanis, esq.
Sergeant-at arms House of Representatives.
House of Representatives,
"Washington, March sil, 1844.
Sir: In several conversation? with Lieutenant James Dun-
can, of the United States artillery, commenced at my own
instance, from my knowledge of his having served in the
Florida war, I became convinced that his testimony would
be material in a matter referred by the House to the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures, and mentioned to Mr. Dun-
can that the committee would wish to avail themselves of
some knowledge he could impart. This morning, Mr. Dun-
can informs me that he has received a letter from you,
which he construes as an order to return to his post, predi-
cated upon a supposition that he was in the city upon some
business relating to the army considered improper Some
time since, I was directed by the committee to have Lieu-
tenant Duncan, and also Lieutenant B. Bragg, [summoned,]
relative to some matters connected with an expedition in
Florida, and not at all connected with any grade of officers
in the army; and only delayed having the subpeenas served
because the committee had not arrived at a point where
their testimony would come in place.
I write you this note to explain why the subpeenas are
served so lately as to-day upon those gentlemen, and to re-
quesi that you will exonerate them from any improper in-
terference in army matters, so far as the knowledge of our
committee extends.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAS. G. CLINTON,
Ch'm Com. on Pub. Exp. H. R.
Gen. R. Jones,
Adj't Gen'l tL S. A.
Adjutant's General's Office,
Washington, March 22, 1844.
Sir: In reply to your report of yesterday's date, the gen-
eral-in-chief directs that, as soon as your attendance on the
committee of Congress, before which you have been sum-
moned to appear, shall be dispensed with, you will report
the fact, and await further instructions from this office.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
R. JONES, Adjt. Gen'l.
To 1st Lieut. Braxton Bragg,
3d Artilleiy, Washington.
Washington City, March25, 1844.
Sir: Having been inlormed by the chairman ol the "Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures" that I may consider mj self
as discharged from further attendance on said committee,
from and after to-morrow morning, I have the honor to re-
port for orders in obedience to instructions from your office.
I am anxious to rejoin my coijppan) , and desire to If ave here
on the morning of the 27tli
I am, sir, &c.
ISRAX'N BRAGG, 1st Lieut 3d Arty.
Gen. R. Jgnfs,
Adjt. Genl. U. S. A.
Adjutant General's Oftice,
Washington, March 26, 1844.
Sir: I am directed by Major General Scott, commanding
the army, to say to you that from the receipt of this note,
you will consider yourself in arrest, and thathy the train of
cars hence for Baltimore, to-morrow morning, you will pro-
ceed, without delay, via that city and the Chesapeake bay,
to Fort Monroe. On your arrival there, you will report your-
self as in arrest, limited to the United States grounds, and
wait for the general court mytial. to be early appointed for
your tried on certain charges" which will be preferred
against you.
1 am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.
R. JONES, Adjt. Genl.
Lieut. Braxton Bragg,
3d Artillery, Washington. D. C.
Note.—You will please make a written acknowledgment
of this letter as soon as it is received.
Washington On y, March 26. 1844, 4 o'clock, p. m.
Sir: Your letter of this date has just been recei\ed;and I
have the honor to inform you that I shall proceed m obe-
dience to your instructions.
I am. sir, very respectfully,
BItAX'N BltAGG, 1st Lieut. :$d ArCy.
To Gen. R. Jones,
Adjt. Gen. U. S. A., Washington City.
Charges against Fus! Lieut. B. Bragg, Zii artillery
Chakc.e first. Disobedience of oiders, [9th article of
war ]
Specific viion. In this: that he, First Lieutenant Braxton
Braiig, of the United States 3d regiment of artillery, having,
at or about 3 o'clock, p m. on the -iUtli of March, 1S44, re-
ceived. at Washington. P. C., the following letter from the
adjutant general of the army—iz:
"Aputvn't Generai/s Office,
"Washington. March -20. 1841.
"Sir* On the supposition that you are in this cit> as a
delegate, formally or informally deputed to represent the
interests of your" regiment or grade, in connexion with
measures before Congress, or expected to be brought for-
ward in that honorable body, the general-in-chief has re-
ceived the instructions of the executive, through the War
Department, to order you iorthwi h to return to your post
or duties, unless, indeed, you should be under the summons
'of a committee of Congress, or under an examination by
^oroe such committee,
"If the above supposition be incorrect, you will report
the fact for consideration at general headquarters.
"I am respectfully, youp obedient servant,
w "II. JONES, Adj. Gen.
To riis>t Lieut, Braxton Bragg,
"3d Artillery, Washington City."
Yet the said Lieut. Bragg did fail to obey the instructions
and orders contained m the foregoing letter—that is, did fail
to leave the said city forthwith the same evening, or early
next morning, or, in default thereof, did fail to report, as re-
quired by said letter, that he was not present in the said city
as "a delegate, formally or informally deputed to represent
the interests of his regiment or grade." or to report that he
was under an examination by some committee of Congress,
or under a summons with a view to such an examination:
one or other of which acts he, the said Lieut. Bragg, was
bound to do under the requirements of said letter.
Charge second. Behaving with contempt and disrespect
towards his commanding officers: [6th article of war.]
Specification In this: that the said First Lieut. B.Bragg,
in reply to the instructions containod in the letter, set forth
under the first or preceding charge, from the adjutant gen-
eral of the army, did write and send the following letter—
viz:
''Washington City, 20th March. 1844.
"Sir: In reply to your letter of the 20th instant, calling
for certain supposed facts connectcd with my presence in
this city, I have the honor to enclose you a copy of an or-
der granting me a leave of absence, which has not yet ex-
pired. and also to inform you that I had intended leaving
here on the morning of the 22d for my post, unless detained
by some unforseen occurrence.
"I take great pleasure in stating that I shall never fail,
either here or elsewhere, to sustain, to the utmost of my
abilities, what I conceive to be the interests of my regiment
and grade, and I must acknowledge the honor done me in
supposing I^m the delegated organof either.
"As I am in doubt as to the intention of your letter, please
inform me whether I am to consider it as an order to rejoin
my post
"I am, sir, &c.
"BRAXTON BRAGG,
"lit Lieut. 3d Art'y.
"To Gen'l R. Jonf«,
"Adj't Gen'l U. S. A."
Which letter, taken in connexion with that to which it
replies, is, in its whole tenor, and particularly m its second
and third paragraphs, highly disrespectful and contemptuous
towards the President 'of the United States and the com-
manding general of the army, his, the said Lieutenant
Bragg's commanding officers, and in whose name the said
letter from the adjutant general, set forth under the. first or
preceding charge, had oeen "w ritten and delivered to the
said Lieutenant Bragg.
Bj command of the general-in-cliief:
S. C. RIDGELY,
1st Lieut. 4th Art'y,
Judge Advocatc.
March 27, 1844.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting a re-
port relating to a plan and estimate for a light house at the
mouth of Genesee river; which letter was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
A letter from the Postmaster General in answer to a
resolution of the House of the 0th instant, as to what steps
have been taken to prevent and punish the infractions of the
laws of the United States, prohibiting the establishment of
private mails or posts for the transmission of letters and
packets, which letter was laid upon the table
A letter from the Postmaster General transmitting es-
timates for the service of the Post Office Department for
the year commencing July 1st, 1844; which letter and esti-
mates werereferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
A message from the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatit es:
I submit for the consideration of Congress the accompa-
nying communication from A. Pageot, minister plenipoten-
tiary, ad interim, of the King of the French, upon the subject
of the tonnage duties levied on French vessels coming into
the ports of the United from the islands of St. Pierre and
Miquelon. and proposing to place our commercial inter-
course with those islands upon the same footing as now ex-
ists with the islands of Martinique and Guadaloupe, as reg-
ulated by the act of the 9th of May, 1828, and of the 13th of
July,1832.
JOHN TYLER.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS ottered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the report of the majority of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, adverse to a dry dock at Philadelphia,
made on the 23th ult., bo recommitted to said committe with
instructions to report a bill making an appropriation for a
dry dock at that port.
Its reception being rejected to,
Mr MORRIS moved a suspension of the rules, and called
for the yeas and nays, which were ordered and being
taken, resulted—yeas' 06, nays 93, as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashe Baker, Barringer,
Bidlaek, James Black, Milton Blown, fiuffington, (airoll,
Clinch. Clmgman. Collamer, Darrah, Garrett Davis, De-
berry, Dcllet. Foster, Giddmgs, Willis Green, Hardin, Har-
per Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J Inger>oll,
Joseph R. IngcrsoII, Perley B Johnson, Daniel P King,
Mcllvaine, Edward J Morris, Mors^, Mosele\, Nes, Pat-
terson, Peyton, Ramsey, Charles M Reid, Rockwell, Rod-
ney . Rogers, Sample, Senter, Severance. Caleb B Smith,
Spencc, Summers, Ihomasson. Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wethered, White, and Wm-
throp—SO.
NAi'S—Messrs Atkinson, Benton, James A Black.
Blackwell, Bower, Bowlm, Bovd, Jacob Brmkerhoff, Wil-
J. Brown. Burke, Burt, Campbell, Catlin, Reuben Chap-
man. Augustus A. Chapman. Chappell, Clinton, Cobb, Coles.
Cranston, Cullom, Dana, Daniel. Richard D. Davis, John
W. Davis, Dean, Dromgoole. Dunlap, Ellis, Farlce, Fick-
hn. French, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin. Haralson, Iicr-
rick, Hopkins, Houston, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, I
James B Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, li
A. Kennedy, Kirkpatnck, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis-,Lucas.
Lumpkin, McCauslen,, Maclay, McClelland, McConnell,
McDowell, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pettit, Emery
D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding,
Relfe, Roberts, Robinson, Russell, Saunders, Thomas H.
Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Slidell, Thomas
Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Sykes,
Taylor, Thompson, Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton, Wil-
liams, Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright—93.
So the rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
Mr, HUNGERFORD moved that the rules be suspended
for the purpose of going into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the union.
Mr. HOLMES inquired of the Speaker if this was not pri-
vate bill day under the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER replied that it was, after the expiration of
the morning hour.
On the motion for suspension of the rules, the yeas and
nays w ere demanded, and ordered, and being taken, result-
ed—thus: yeas 87, nays 66.
PAY OF THE ARMY.
So the rules were suspended, and the House 'resolved it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(Mr. Weller of Ohio in the Chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill to regulate the pay of the army, and
for other purposes.
The sixteenth section being read,
Mr. COLES submitted an amendment to insert after the
word '•that'5 in the second line, the following words* "when
any staff officer obtains equal rank in the line by promotion
with his stall'commission, he shall vacate the latter, and
join his regiment or corps "
On this proposition a discussion ensued, in which Messrs.
COLES and BLACK of South Carolina took part, when the
amendment was rejected.
Mr. B1DLACK submitted an amendment, providing that
paymasters in the army shall have the same rank and pay as
quartermasters.
After some conversation between Messrs. BIDLACK,
HAMMET, BLACK of South Carolina, and CLINCH, the
amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. PETTIT moved to strike out the 17th section, as fol-
lows:
"And be itfurther enacted, That a chaplain shall receive
$600 per annum."
For which he proposed to substitute the words—
"That no money shall be paid out of the treasury of
the United States to any chaplain or chaplains."
He said he did not wish to injure the feelings of any one,
but it w as as proper that this, as any other section of this
bill, should undergo an examination, that they might ascer-
tain whether they were incompatible with our institutions,
for if they were, they should be stricken out. He did not
propose to denounce, in any terms, cither measured or un-
measured, the Christian religion, but he wished to inquire
into the propriety of this expenditure of money by this gov-
ernment. He held in his hand a letter from the Secretar)'
of the Treasury, of a late date, showing the amount paid
yearly by this government for chaplains in the army, in the
navy, and in the two Houses of Congress; and that amount
when stated, might be astonishing to all who remembered
that they were forbidden to make any law for the estab-
lishment of religion, or to do any thing tending to that ob-
ject, by the pai amount law of this land. The amount paid
for religious purposes by a government forbidden to inter-
fere in such matters, was $35,331 99; and gentlemen who
avowed themselves rigid advocates of retrenchment, who
asked that they shoufd take a dollar a month from the
wages of the poor hardy sailor, should come to an examin-
ation of this item of unconstitutional expenditure. But it
was a question also affecting the toleration of religion m
this land, and the propriety of taking from one class ot
Christians to teach the religion of another denomination.
What was the Christian religion? Was it such an institu-
tion as it was proper to encourage under our form of gov-
ernment^ What were the fundamental principles of the
Christian religion? What does it teach, and to what does
it tend7 Would it imbue our soldiers and our sailors with
courage, and energy, and vigilance? The Jewish law re-
quired an eve for" an eye, and a tooth for a tooth; and it
might be said there might be some propriety perhaps m em-
ploying Jewish captains and armies, but the Christian reli-
gion. ll he knew anything about it. taught a humble and
entire submission to every species of indignity. The very
founder of that religion himself submitted to every species
of indignity; ho was spit upon, buffeted, and. in derision,
crowned with thorns; and yet there was not a follower of
the meek and lowly Saviour that would say he had not
power to prevent the indignity or to punish it. His teach-
ing as well as his example instilled the same lef-sion of hu-
mility and endurance ol wrong; for he taught that, though
an eye had been required for an eye, his disciples were to
render good for evil If they were struck on thf ($ne cheek,
the} weie to turn the other also; ifa man took their coat,
they were to give their cloak likewise; and if they were
acked to go a mile, they were to go twain. Such was the
ChrKtian religion; and was it Mich a religion as should be
instilled into our army and our navy? Our captains and
commanders should be much moie lilted foi the thunders of
Smai than for the teachings of the babe of Bethlfhi-m And
what was the duty of our naval chaplains * H was to instil
into our sailors the spirit of the Christian religion And
what would be the consequence of such a system' Instead
of our sailors and soldiers being fired w ith ycal, and energy,
and determination, they wrould be schooled into submis-
sion.
But, further, this system was but the entering we#ge to
the establishment of a go\ ernmental religion: and he could
tell the House that the people were jealous ot this exercise
of power. He spolcr of the abuse of religion bj the lloman
emperors, and monarchs of a later period, to subjugate the
people, and the more effectually to control them, and on
this ground he objected to an admixture of religious and
civil establishments; but he was understood to say, that, if
there must be such teachings in our army and navy.it
would be cheaper, and more economical, to print ^nd stereo-
type a number of sermons, books of hymns, and a liturgy,
