4U
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.,
•wherewith to supply our captain's and commanders, to be
by them read at proper periods. He was, however, not so
blind as not to know that he should not carry his proposi-
tion, but he should have been recreant to his duty if he had
not made it.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS was glad to know that the gentleman
from Indiana did not expect to carry his proposition. He
had listened to that gentleman's remarks with some atten-
tion, in the expectation of hearing from him something sub-
stantial in favor of it, but he had been disappointed. The
question of cheapness and of economy which the gentleman
had made it assume, when a question of morality and moral
discipline was at stake, was not to be entertained at all If
any body of men should be brought under the influence of re-
ligion, and should be admonished of their responsibilities here
and hereafter,- it was those of our army and navy. He went
on at some length to speak in opposition to the amendment.
(Cries of question)
Mr. HOLMES was aware gentleman had called "the ques-
tion,'' and he was equally as certain that the amendment
could not be adopted; but he would inquire if it was too
solemn a form of expression to use, to say that he thanked
his God that there was no chance, in an assembly of gentle-
men, in this enlightened age.of civilization, and thi& era of
Christianity, for the adoption of such a proposition. The
proposition itself would strike the people of this country-
he cared not to what party or what sect they belong—with
dismay.
He then proceeded to show that even the ancients, who
were not enlightened by Christianity, were accustomed to
soften the ferocities of war by religion; and then adverted
to the period of modern history, when religion was deemed
destructive of energy—a period which he hoped was not
here foreshadowed by this resolution. He alluded to the
French revolution.
But the gentleman actually based his proposition upon
the sentiment that the Christian religion is destructive of
every thing that is high and ennobling in man. It was
neither true in sentiment nor in fact. The doctrine inculca-
ted by the Christian religion was, that in all the encounters
which must necessarily* occur in the career of life on the
battle field and elsewhere, the least possible injury should
be inflicted in order to the attainment of a specific good.
"What did history show7 Did it show that men were less
able to encounter difficulties in the camp or field, because
thev were in the habit of unbosoming their thoughts to
God? Were men less able in the da)s oi the Puritans (o
contend for liberty'7 Were they less victorious* lie hoped
it would e\ erbe the case, that they who w iclded the *\votd
in fighting the battles of his country, would be inspired
Irom above with heroic ardor, and wield tiie sword ot the
spirit amid the clash of arms and the din of battle.
Mr. HAMMKTT said the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Indiana was of a nature so abhorrent to the
feelings of all ciwli7ed nations, that it could not, for a mo-
ment, have been entei tained at an) former period. The
very spirit of the mighty dead—the very ashes of the
father of his country—would rebuke the proposition. It
was attempting to revive m this republic that which was
the destruction of the French republic. A religion which
teaches the sublime sentiments which the Christian religion
teaches, could never be injurious to any nation. In" the
language of Scripture, whatsoever things aie true—whatso-
ever tlungs are lovely—whatsoever things are of good re-
port,—proceed from its observance. If they should adopt
the doctrines of the gentleman Irom Indiana, they would
strike a blow at the cause of human liberty which could
ne\ er be retrieved. The country suffered no man'o have
charge of her interests, or to fill any important trust, until
he bound himself, by oath upon the Bible, to discharge his
duty faithfully No man would trust his interest, his honor,
or his life, to the soundest jury, until they were first bound
by a solemn oath to do him justice.
But, apart from the consideration of its Divine origin,
it was the sublimest system of ethics—it prescribed the
purest code of morals—that could be devised. Look abroad
through the world: where was it that true liberty was
found/ No where but where Christianity was preached
and practised lie was convinced that so monstrous a prop-
osition could not receive a second vote.
Mr. J. R. INOERSOLL said he could not bring himself
for a moment to entertain the idea that such a proposition
could be adopted.
Mr. PKTTfT said lie hud offered the amendment upon the
solemn conviction of his own mind that it was a duty winch
he owed to himself and to the countrj, and he would ne\ er
be deterred liom the dischaige of his dutj, Jet the conse-
quences be what the) might. It was not that he did not
reverence religion as much as anj man m that Iiousc; but
if it had been considered necessary to incorporate religion
with the political institutions ol the country, why was it
not done when the constitution was adopted' Yv>ri> the
fathers of this republic less impressed wi'h its importance
than their descendants > It was not a denunciation of the
Christian religion that he intended, t<u liom it It ,1
mere question as to the propriety of employing chaplains m
the army
Mr. HARDIN" made n few remarks in roplj to ^Tr Pri-
tit, and contended that the object of the luttei was to ir.f.lu-
an attack on the Christian icligion. and bring it into disrep-
ute. The gentleman, it w as true, disclaimed any such de-
sign-, but if such w as not his object, "why did he ofin h.s
amendment* Why did he, in the course of h>s remains,
make allusion to the command of the ha\ lour not to resist
aggression? Was the gentleman afraid that then-was not
enough of Fanny WrightKm m Indiana, and deemed it nec< s-
sary to add to it* The whole of the e'entlernou's argunn nt
was an attack on the Christian rehg.on, instead of a de-
fence of the constitution. Mr. H. then passed tlv highest
enlogiums on Christianity, and contended thot, if a w.s ta-
ken away, this go\ eminent would dissolve into anarchy
and confusion, and lasth into monarchy. But the gentle-
man contended that the constitution gave, no authority lor
the employment of chaplains He had heard this often 1 e-
fore'but the gentleman certainly desened some credit for
originality 111 nuking the discovery that to pay chaplains
was forbidden by the constitution Mr H concluded by
calling for tellers on the question, thot it might be setn
who were willing to join the gentleman Irom Indiana [Mr
f>-ttit] in his war on the Christian religion.
Mr. "WENTWORTH rose amidst cries of "question,,ques-
tion" from the opposition, and observed that gentlemen
might take the question when he had got through with,
his remarks. It was not often that he troubled the House,
and if the gentleman oil the other side, who called so loud-
ly for the question would but follow his example, there
would be fewer speeches, and more business done in the
House.
He was glad that his colleague had called for tellers on
the question, for if his colleague had not called for them,
he-would have done so himself, as he was determined that
demagogues should not make political capital out of this
question. He trusted that there w ould not be a single vote
for this amendment, save that of the gentleman who offered
it, and that the House would show, on taking the question,
its high respect for the.religious institutions oi the country.
This was a proud day for.liim. He would not, for the world,
reject Jthe religious influences which operated upon the
community, either in a political or social way. "When he
saw men canvassing the country for the presidency, throw-
ing down the sacred barriers which our forefathers had
erected, he owned that he felt some alarm, and thought it
time that some efforts should be made to preserve these
moral and relig-ous principles upon which our happiness
as a people depended. Let us (said he) carry this principle
out. Let our presidential candidates be moral and religious
men; and let them, instead oi worn-out politicians and igno-
rant, unprincipled buffoons, carry preachers in their trains,
and instead <5f singing rowdy songs and drunken revelry,
let them sing the songs of '/.ion. He did not know that he
had any right to make political capital out ot the dispensa-
tions of Divine l'ro^ idence, but we have all a right (said he)
to take them as a warning voice, and improve upon them.
Let us, then, (said he,) look back upon the last presidential
canvass; and m view of the woful calamities that have since
then fdllen on the nation, let us rot repeat the scenes of riot
and debauchery that were then enacted. Whatever we may
do, let us not deiy the Most High God. There are certain
cardinal principles of virtue and morality that even the in-
fidel will acknowledge ought to be observed. Let us, then,
have no man as our candidate for President, or any of the
high offices of the government, who sets these principles at
defiance, lie would sa), both to whigs and democrats, that
this w as a proud day for him It seemed as if a due re\-
erence for sacred tilings w as now to be the ruling principle
of that House, and they might, with truth, write to their
constituents that a new era was commencing, and that
henceforth ivli ion and virtue were to be the only passport
to promotion The time had come when drunken revelry,
witli its rude accompaniment of rowdy songs, was to cease;
and men weie to gne o\er adoring wild beasts, living or
dead, and turn their thoughts to the woiship of the Great
Jeho\ ah.
Again, if there was one institution of our holy religion
moie sac led than another-- it there was one more calculated
to impart a holy icverencc for the author of our being than
all others, and more strictly demanded our religous obser-
i ance— ittwas that of the hoi) Sabbath; and it was a proper
subject ot inquiry, whether it was not their dut) to put
down those who profaned it. Let us, said he, put down
those who, on the Sabbath day, collect such crowds of
noisy levellers around the meeting-houses, as to interrupt
their worship, and compel the ministers to dismiss their
congregations. Moie than all, let us put a stop to those
drunken orgies, in one ol which on estimable man and res-
pectable member of society was stamped to death, and in
which the revolt1) was continued even after such a tragic
scene. Let the old men reflect what must be the conse-
quences if this tlood of vice and immorality is not stayed;
and let them consider what would be their feelings on 'find-
ing their sons sinking rowdy songs in some grog-shop.
"What would be theii ,feelings, m reproving their sons for
for such conduct to hear the answer—"Father, I am aspir-
ing to the presidency, and this is the modern road to pre-
ferment."
Mr. W. in, conclusion, said, that he had accomplished his
object, if he succeeded in getting tellors on the question, so
that it might be seen that there was not one man in the
House who was willing to vote for the amendment. He
had accomplished moie than his object jfhe succeeded
in adding any thing to the moral and religious feelings of
the House. He rejoiced that the question would be taken
by tellers, so that the public could see that there would be
but one indi\ ldual in the House w hom his colleague could
accuse of being a follower of Fanny Wright; and that gen-
tleman himself has already repelled such an imputation. So
his colleague must lose the political capital so often at-
tempted to be got by imputing infidelity to the democratic
paity.
Mr W, closed by saving that he hoped that those who
had «o much to 'ay against infidelity in theory, would not
support an intidel in practice for President and thattho^e
who pretended to abhor l<anny Wiight co much, would
use le ,s e\( 1 UniM lor the ( ot'onof one w ho, thiouuh nil
hi< life, lias been in pnctieo those principle* uf im-
nwlit) and \ nv \ 1 ich the\ chan1-" her with mcul-
e, ting
Mr STF.V.NT.Oi) appe ded to the gentleman from Indiana
to withdiav. the am' intment
After «ume nrenubr corn i r^a'ion, the amendrr< nt was
w iihdrawn by Mr Pi '! TIT, and the committee proceeded
tu the cons:del 'ition of sule i <pu nt • ^rt'o-is
The lbth «eetio" Nmhu under con< i ler.ition
Mr BflKNtrLF. proposed ,m amendment, by adding the
words 'fioin and alter the 1st iuh ne\t to fix that d.iy as
that on which the monthly pu) ment proposed in that sec-
tion should comrr«nce
Mr fr 0 4. VIS addre^ed the committee on the general
subject of tefonrr. iV ^'jteuithe treusui) \\ hen the w hig
party came into pou i r, the w a; s nnd means w Inch that par-
ty deviled.
Mr. c. .JOHNSON raised a question of order on the
ground of irrelevancy.
The CHAIRM\N remarked that the gentleman from
Kentucky had certainly started a great way from the
question before the committee- bin it w as impossible to sa)'
w hat he was p-oing to com" to
Air DAVIS resumed and pursued Ins remarks in the strain
m which he commenced.
Mr HALE called him to order.
The question was, whether the monthly pay proposed in
.the 18th section "should commence on the 1st July; and what
had the expenses of Mr. Van Buren's administration to do
with that.
The CHAIRMAN said, although the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky were not strictly confined to the
qnestion before the committee, they were not deemed to be
so irrelevant as to justify the Chair in arresting them.
Mr. HALE appealed from that decision.
Mr. JAMESON hoped the gentleman from New Harop-
shire would not press his appeal, as he should desire per-
mission to reply, and in his reply to review the course of
Mr Clay.
Mr. VINTON'inquired if they were not then in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and whether,
therefore, the state of the Union was not under discussion
[Laughter,]
Mr. THOMASSON inquired if the question was not one
of retrenchment and reduction generally.
The CHAIRMAN put the question on the appeal, and de-
cided that the yeas appeared to have it.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. J. P. Kennfdy and
MgDowem. were appointed—67 in the affirmative, and 31 in
the negative, being less than a quorum.
A second count was demanded, and the result was as fol-
lows: 84 in the affirmative, and 14 in the negative.
No quorum voting,
The committee rose and reported that fact.
Mr. WHITE moved a call of the House, pending which
motion,
The House adjourned
'I he following petitions, presented to-da), were handed to
the reporters b) the members presenting them:
By Mr. DAVIS of Indiana: Additional testimony in the
case of the claim of the heirs of Benjamin Turman of In-
diana.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition of Joseph Paxton of
Missouri, praying remuneration for a horse, arms, &c., lost
by him during the last war, while in the service of the
United States; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The. petition of John Ton-wit of
Bridgewater, Massachusetts, for a pension for services in the
revolutionary war.
By Mr. FRENCH: The memorials of Mrs. Eli7abeth
Wright, and Mrs. Elizabeth Oneal, of Jessamin count), Ken-
tucky, praying the benefits of the pension act of July 7,
1838, to be extended to them for life; which w eie ictVired to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
By Mr. BURKE: The petition of Henry J. Duff and 75
others, naturalized citi7ens oi Rhode Island, representing
that they are debarred of the prhilcgcs in relation to sni-
fiage, which are extended by the existing constitution of that
State to other white citizens, and that they arc actually de-
graded below the m gro in the privileges of citizenship; and
praying Congress to redress their grievances.
in s¥nate.
Monday, April, 1, 1844.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the procedings of a
large meeting of farmers, mechanics, manufactu-
rers, and merchants, of the county of New Castle,
Delaware; and resolutions adopted thereat protest-
ing against any attempt to modify, alter, or repeal
the tariff of 1842: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented ten memorials—
two from Whitesides, three from Utica, one from
Renselaer county, one from Genesee county, one
from Greenbush, one from Onondaga, and one from
Washington county, New York, remonstrating
agains any alteration in the existing tariff, and
against the passage of the bill lately introduced into
the House of Representatives, by the Committee of
Ways and Means: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Also, a memorial from the heirs of James Bell,
deceased, praying for remuneration for the revolu-
tionary services of their ancestor, and for advances
made by him during that war: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial sign-
ed by N. 0. Kellogg and 261 citizens of the town of
Vernon, Connecticut, setting forth the advantages o
the present tariff, and poking the Senate not to
change the same by the passage of the House hi']
for that purpose: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented resolutions adopt-
ed by the legislature of the State ot Maine,
protesting solemnly against the existence of
any laws in any of the States oi Territories
of this Union, which subjects the free colored
citizens of that State to the liability to be ar-
rested and imprisoned, and to be sold into slavery
for the payment of the costs of such arrest and im-
prisonment; and also protesting against such laws
as unconstitutional, and as endangering the Union.
Also, lesolutions instructing the senators and re-
questing the representatives from that State to pro-
cure the repeal of such laws with the State or Ter-
ritorial governments: referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, end ordered to be printed.
Also presented resolutions adopted by the legisla-
ture of the State of Maine, instructing the senators
