May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO TlIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
481
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
was nut all. There was another witness in London
who had been referred to by Mr. Duff Green; and
it remained for this witness to confirm or contradict
his story. This was the Texian charge (Mr. Ash-
bel Smith:) and the same letter from Mr. Everett, of
the 16th of November, brought his contradiction in
unequivocal terms. Mr. Everett thus recites it:
"Sir: In my despatch No. 6*2, I acquainted you that I had
addressed a, private letter to Mr. Ashbel Smith, the Texian
charge d'affaires, now at Paris, requesting of him such in-
formation as ho might be able and willing to give me as to
measures supposed to be in progress, on the part of this gov-
ernment. to promote the abolition of slavery in Texas. I re-
ceived a private letter from Mr. Smith, in reply, on the 6th
instant. My letter to Mr Smith, and his answer, were writ-
ten under the impression that overtures on this subject
might possibly have been made directly to the Texian gov-
ernment. Such, however, you will have learned by my
despatch No. 62, is not the case—Lord Aberdeen having dis-
tinctly stated to me that he had not submitted, and did not
intend to' submit, any proposition to Texas on the subject.
"Mr. Smith informs me that he was present at the inter-
view which took place last June between Lord Aberdeen
and several persons, British subjects and others, a commit-
tee of the general anti-slavery convention, who waited
upon him for the purpose of engaging the co-operation of
the British government to effect the abolition of slaveiy in
Texas. On this occasion. Lord Aberdeen assured the com-
mittee that her Majesty's government would employ all
legitimate means in their power to attain so great and de-
sirable an object. One of the members of the committee
government would guaranty, if necessary, the interest of a
loan which should be raised and applied to the abolition of
slavery in Texas, but not of a Texian loan for any other
purpose whatever. It appears, however, from the state
ments contained in my despatch No 0-2, that the member of
the committee who gave this information to Mr. Smith was
in an error—Lord Aberdeen having assured me that the
suggestion relative to a loan for this purpose had not re-
ceived the slightest countenance from him. My written
memorandum of the conversation, in which this assurance
was made, having been submitted to Lord Aberdeen, there
can be no room for misapprehension on my part. Lord
Aberdeen has since repeated the same statement to me."
Such was the statement of Mr. Ashbel Smith!
and the story of Mr. Duff Green, which had been
made the basis of the whole scheme for immediate
annexation, being now. contradicted by two wit-
nesses—the two which he himself had named—it
might have been expected that some halt or pause
would have taken place, to give an opportunity for
consideration and reflection, and for consulting the
American people, and endeavoring to procure the
consent of Mexico. This might have been ex-
pected: but not so the fact. On the contrary, the
immediate annexation was pressed more warmly
than ever, and the administration papers became
more clamorous and incessant in their accusations
of Great Britain. Seeing this, and being anxious
(to use his own words) to put a stop to these mis-
representations, and to correct the errors of the
American government, the Earl of Aberdeen, in a
formal despatch to Mr. Pakenham, the new British
minister at Washington, took the trouble of a third
contradiction, and a most formal and impressive
one, to all the evil designs in relation to Texas, and,
through Texas, upon the United States, which were
thus perseveringly attributed to his government.
This paper, destined to become a great landmark
in this controversy, from the frankness and fulness
of its disavowals, and from the manner in which
detached phrases, picked out of it, have been used
by our Secretary of State [Mr. Calhoun] since the
treaty was signed, to justify its signature, deserves
to be read in full, and to be made a corner stone in
the debate on this subject. I, therefore, quote it in
full, and shall spread it at length in the body of my
speech. This is it:
"No. 9.] Foum«n OtKiff., December 26, 1843.
"Sir: As much agitation appears to hove prevailed of
late in the United States relative to the designs which Great
Britain is supposed to entertain with regard to the republic
of Texas, her Majesty's government deem it expedient to
take measures for stopping at once the misrepresentations
which have been cireulaied,. and the errors into which the
government of the United btates seems to have fallen on the
dubjcct of the policy of Great Britain with respect to Texas.
That policy-is clear and simple, and may be staled in a few
words.
"Great Britain has recognised the independence of Texas,
and, having done so, shf is desirous of seeing that indepen-
dence finally and formally established, and generally recog-
nised, especially by'Mexico. But this desne does not arise
irom any motive of ambition or of self-merest, beyond that
interest, at least, which attaches to the general extension of
our commercial dealings with other countries
"We are convinced that thv recognition of Texas by
Mexico must conduce to the benefit oi both these countries,
and, as we take an interest in the well-being of both, ond fn
their steady advance in power and wealth, we have put our-
selves forward in pressing the government of Mexico to
acknowledge Texas as independent. But in thus acting we
have no occult design, either with reference to any partic-
ular influence which we might seek tp establish in Mexico
(31)
or in Texas, or even with reference to the slavery which
now exists, and which we desire to see abolished in Texas.
"With regard to the latter point, it must be and is well
known both to the United States and to the whole world,
that Great Britain desires, and is constantly exerting her-
self to procure, the general abolition of slavery throughout
the world. But the means which she has adopted, and will
continue to adopt, for this humane and virtuous purpose,
.are open and undisguised. She will-do nothing secretly or
underhand. She desires that her motives may be generally
understood, and her acts seen by all.
"With regard to Texas, we avow that we wish to see
slavery abolished there, as elsewhere, and we should re-
joicc if the recognition of that cotfhtry by the Mexican gov-
ernment should be accompanied by an engagement on the
part of Texas to abolish slavery eventually, and under
proper conditions, throughout the republic. But although
we earnestly desire and feel it to be our duty to promote
such a consummation, we shall not interfere unduly, or
with an improper assumption of authority, with either
party, in order to insure the adoption of such a course.
We shall counsel, but v* e shall not seek to compel, or un-
duly control, either party. So far as Great Britain is con-
cerned, provided other States act with equal forbearance,
those governments will be fully at libertyto make their
own unfettered arrangements with each other, both in re-
gard to the abolition of slavery and to all other points.
"Great Britain, moreover, does not desire to establish in
Texas, whether partially dependent on Mexico, or entirely
independent, (which latter alternative we consider in every
respect preferable,) any dominant influence. She only de-
sires to share her influence equally with all other nations.
Her objects are purely commercial, and she has no thought
or intention cf seeking to act, directly or indirectlj, in a po-
litical sense, on the United States through Texas.
"The British government, as the United States well know,
have never sought in anj waytostii up disaffection or ex-
citement of any kind in the shiveholdmg States of the Amer-
ican Union. Much as we should wish to sec- those States
placed on the firm and solid footing which we conscien-
tiously believe is to be attained by general freedom alone,
we have never, in our treatment of them, made any differ-
ence between the slaveholding and the free States of the
Union Allaie, in our ej es, entitled, as component mem-
bers of the Union, to equal political respect, favor, and for-
bearance, on our part. To that wise and just policy we
shall continue to adhere, and the governments of the slave-
holding States may be assured that, although we shall not
desist from those open and honest efforts which we have
constantly made for procuring the abolition of slavery
throughout the world, we shall neither openly nor secretly
resort to any measures which can tend to disturb their in-
ternal tranquillity, or thereby to affect the prosperity of the
American Union.
"You will communicate this despatch to the United States
Secretary of State, and, if he should desire it, you will leave
a copy oi'it with him.
"Jam, Sec.,
"ABERDEEN.
"Right Hon. Richard Pakenham, &c."
This was intended to stop the misrepresentations
which were circulated, and to correct the errors of
the government in relation to Great Britain and Tex-
as. It was a reiteration, and that for the third time,
and voluntarily, of denial of all the alarming designs
attributed to Great Britain, and by means of which a
Texas agitation was getting up in the United States.
Besides the full declarations made to our federal gov-
ernment, as head of the Union, a special assurance
was given to the slaveholding States, to quiet their
apprehensions, the truth and sufficiency of which
must be admitted by every person who cannot fur-
nish proof to the contrary. I read this special assu-
rance a second time, that its importance may be the
more distinctly and deeply felt by every senator:
"AND THE GOVERNMENTS OF THE SLAVEHOLD-
ING STATES MAY BE ASSURED, THAT, ALTHOUGH
WE SHALL NOT DESIST FROM THOSE OPEN AND
HONEST EFFORTS WHICH "WE HAVE CONSTANT-
LY MADE FOR PROCURING THE ABOLITION OF
SLAVERY THROUGHOUT THE WORLD, WE SHALL
NEITHER OPENLY NOR SECRETLY RESORT TO
ANY MEASURES WHICH CAN TEND TO DISTURB
THEIR INTERNAL TRANQUILLITY, OR THEREBY
TO AFFECT THE PROSPERITY OF THE AMERICAN
UNION."
It wa ; on the 2Gth dny of February that this no-
ble despatch was communicated to (he (then) Amer-
ican Secretary of State. That gentleman lont his
life by an awful catastrophe on the 28th, and it
seems to be understood, and admitted all around,
that the treaty of annexation was agreed upon, and
virtually concluded before his death. Nothing,
then, in Lord Aberdeen's declaration, could have
had any effect upon its foimaiion or conclusion.
Yet, six days after the actual signature of the treaty
by the present Secretary of State—namely, on the
18th day of April—this identical despatch of Lord
Aberdeen is seized upon, in a letter to Mr. Paken-
ham, to justify the formation of the treaty, and to
prove the necessity for the immediate annexation of
Texas to the United States, as a measure of self-de-
fence, and as the only means of saving our Union!
Listen to the two or three first paragraphs of that
letter; it is the long one filled with those negro sta-
tistics of which Mr. Pakenham declines the contro-
versy, The Secretary says;
Washington, April 18, 1844.
"The undersigned, Secretary of State of the United States,
has laid before the President the note of the right honorable
Mr. Pakenham, envoy extraordinary and minister plenopo-
tentiary of her Britannic Majesty, addressed to this 'depart-
ment on the 26th of February last, together with the accom-
panying copy of a despatch of her Majesty's Principal Sec-
retary of State for foreign affairs to Mr. Pakenham. In reply,
the undersigned is directed by the President to • inform the
right honorable Mr. Pakenham, that while he regaMs with
pleasure the"disavowal of Lord Aberdeen of any Intention
on the part of her Majesty's government'to resort to any
measures, either openly or secretly, which can tejid to dis-
turb the internal tranquillity ofthe slaveholding States, and
thereby affect the tranquillity of this Union,' he at the same
time regards with deep concern the avowal, for the first
time made to this government, 'that Great Britain desires
and is constantly exerting herself to procure the general
abolition of slavery throughout the world.'
"So long as Great Britain confined her policy to the abo-
lition of slaver}- in her own possessions and colonies, no
other country had a right to complain. It belonged to her
exclusively to determime, according to her own views of
policy, whether it should be. done or not. But when she
goes beyond, and avows it as her settled policy, aijd the
object of her constant exertions, to abolish it, throughout
the world, she makes -it the duty of all other countries,
whose safety or prosperity may be endangered by her
policy, to adopt such measures as they may deem necessa-
ry for their protection.'
"It is with still deeper concern the President regards
the avowal of Lord Aberdeen of the desire of Great Brit-
ian to see slavery abolished in Texas; and, as he infers, is
endeavoring, through her diplomacy, to accomplish it,
by making the abolition of slavery one of the conditions on
which Mexico should acknowledge her independence. It
has confirmed his previous impressions as to the policy of
Great Britain m reference to Texas, and made it his duty to
examine with much care and solicitude what would be 'its
etiects on the prosperity and safety of the United States,
should she succeed in her endear ors. The investigation has
resulted in the settled conviction that it would be difficult
for Texas, in her actual condition, to resist what she desires,
without supposing the influence and exertions of Great Brit-
ain would be extended beyond the limits assigned by Lord
Aberdeen, and that, if Texas could not resist the consum-
mation of the object of her desire, would endanger both the
safety and prosperity of the Union. Under this conviction, it
is felt to be the imperious duty of the federal government,
the common representative and protector of the States ofthe
Union, to adopt, in self-defence, the most effectual measures
to deleat it."
It is evident, Mr. President, that the treaty was
commenced, carried on, formed, and agreed upon,
so far as the documents show its origin, jn virtue of
the information given in the private.letter of Mr.
Duff Green, contradicted as that was by the Texian.
and British Ministers, to whom it referred. It is
evident from all the papers- that this was the case.
The attempt to find in Lord Aberdeen's letter a sub-
sequent pretext for what had previously been done,
is evidently an afterthought, put to paper, for the
first time, just six days-after the treaty had been
signed ! The treaty was signed on the 12th of April:
the aftertnought was committed to paper, in the
form of a letter to Mr. Pakenham, on the 18th, and
on the 19th the treaty was sent to the Senate, hav--
ing been delayed seven days to admit of draw-
ing up, and sending in along with it, this ex post
facto discovery of reasons to justify it. The letter
of Mr. Calhoun was sent in with the treaty:
the reply of Mr. Pakenham to it, though
brief and prompt, being written on the same day,
(the 19th of April,) was not received by the Senate
until ten days thereafter—to wit: on the 29th of
Aprilj and when received, it turns out to be a fourth
disavowal, in the most clear and unequivocal terms,
of this new discovery of the old designs imputed to
Great Britain, and which had been three times dis-
avowed before. Here is the letter of Mr. Paken-
ham, giving this fourth contradiction to the old sto-
ry, and appealing to the judgment of the civilized
world for its opinion on the whole transaction. I
read an extract from this letter; the last one, it is
presumed, that Mr. Pakenham can write till he heats
from hip government, to which he had immediately
transmitted Mr. Calhoun's cx post facto letter of the
18th.
"It i«s not the purree of the undersigned in Jho present
communication to enter into discussion with Mr. Calhoun
respecting the project thus formally announced on the pait
of the government of the United States to annex Texas to
the Am-ncan Union, that duty will, if-thought necessaiy,
lie fulfilled by higher authority; still less is the undersigned
disposed to trespass on Mr. Calhoun's attention b> uflering
any remarks upon the subject of slavery, as expounded in
Mr Calhoun's note That note will be transmitted to her
Majesty's government by the earliest opportunity and w ith
this intimation the undersigned would, ior the present, con-
tent himself, were it not for the p-iinfnl implosion created
on his mind by observing that the government of ilie United
States, so far from appreciating at their just value the ex-
planations furnished by her Majesty's government m a
spirit of frankness and good faith well calculated to allay
whatever anxiety this government might ha^e previously
felt on the particular points to wluc£ those explanations
have reference, tqipear to hnvp found arguments in thai com•
munication tnfoi or of the contemplated annexation of - Tt^as.-
thus, as it we're, assigning to the British government some,
share in the responsibility of a transaction which can hardly
I
