482
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-Mr. Benton.
May, 1844.
Annexation of Texas-
Senate.
fail to be viewed in many quarters with the most serious
0t"All10such responsibility the undersigned begs leave, in
the name of her Majesty's government, at once and most
positively to disclaim. Whatever may be the consequences
of that transaction, the British government will look for-
ward without anxiety to the judgment which will thereon
be passed by the civilized world, in as far as shall apply to
any provocation furnished by England for the adoption of
such a measure.
"With the political independence of Texas not only has
Great Britain disavowed all intention to interfere, but it is a
well-known fact that her most zealous exertions have been
directed towards the completion of that independence, by
obtaining its acknowledgment at the hands of the only pow-
er by which it was seriously disputed.
"Great Britain has also formally disclaimed the desire to
establish in Texas any dominant influence; and, with re-
spect to slavery, she is not conscious of having acted in a
sense to cause just alarm to the United States."
Now what will the civilized world, to whose good
opinion we must all look: what will Christendom,
now- so averse to war, and pretexted war: what
-will the laws of reason and honor, so just in their
application to the conduct of nations and individu-
als: what will this civilized world, this christian
world, these just laws—what will they all say that
our government ought to have done, under this ac-
cumulation of peremptory denials of all the causes
which we had undertaken to find in the conduct of
Great Britain for our "immediate" annexation of
Texas, and war with Mexico? Surely these tri-
bunals will say:
First: That the disavowals should have been re-
ceived as sufficient; or
Secondly: They should be disproved, if not ad-
mitted to be true: or
Thirdly: That reasonable time should be allow-
ed for looking further into their truth.
One of these things should have been done: our
President does neither. lie concludes the treaty—
letainsita week—sends it to the Senate—and his
Secretary of State obtains a promise from the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations [Mr.
Archer] to delay all action upon it—not to take it
up for forty days—-the exact time that would cover
the sitting of the Baltimore democratic convention
for the nomination of presidential candidates ! This
promise was obtained under the assurance that a
spooial messenger had been despatched to Mexico
for her consent to the treaty; and the forty days
was the time claimed for the execution of his
errand, and at the end of which ho was expected to
return with the required consent. Bad luck again!
This despatch of the messenger, and delay for his
return, and the reasons he was understood to be able
to have offered for the conscnt of Mexico, were felt
by all as an admission that the consent ofMexieo
must be obtained, cost what millions it might. This
admission was fatal! and it became necssary to take
another tack, and do it away! This was attempted
in a subsequent message of the President, admitting,
H> be sure, that the messenger was sent, and sent to
operate upon Mexico in relation to the treaty, but
talcing a line distinction between obtaining her con-
sent to it, and preventing her from being angry at
it! This message will receive justice at the hands of
others: i only heard it as read, and cannot quote it
in its own words. Cut the substance of it was, that
the messenger was sent to prevent Mexico from
going to war with us on account of the treaty! as if
there was any difference between getting her to con-
scnt to the treaty, and getting her not to dissent!
But, here aaain, more bad luck. Besides the dec-
larations of'the chaiiman of Foreign Relations,
showing what this messenger was sent for, there is
a copy of the letter furnished to us of which he was
the bearer, and which shows that the "concurrence"
of Mexico was wanted, and that apologies are of-
fered for not obtaining her "previous consent."
But, of this hereafter. I go on with the cur-
rent of events. The treaty was sent in, and
forty days silence upon it was demanded of the Sen-
ate. Now why send it m, if the Senate was not to
touch it for forty days? Why not retain it in the
Department of State until the lapse of these forty
days, when the answer from Mexico would have
been received, and a fifth disavowal arrived from
Great Britain' if, indeed, it is possible for her to re-
iterate a disavowal already four times made and not
received? Why not retain the treaty during these
forty days' of required silence upon it in the Senate,
and when that precious time might have been turned
to such valuable account in interchanging friendly
explanations with Great Britain and Mexico? "Why
not keep the treaty in the Secretary of State's office,
ys well as in the Secretary of the Senate's office,
dmnig these forty days5 Precisely because the Bal-
timore convention was to sit in thirty-eight days
from that time! and forty days would give time for
the "Texas bomh" to burst and scatter its fragments
all over the Union, blowing up candidates for the
presidency, blowing up the tongue-tied Senate itself
for not ratifying the treaty, and furnishing a new
Texas candidate, anointed with gunpowder, for the
presidential chair. This was the reason, and as
obvious as if written at the head of every public doc-
ument. In the mean time, ail these movements give
fresh reason for an examination of persons at the
bar of the Senate. The determination of the Presi-
dent to conclude the treaty, before the Earl of Aber-
deen's despatch was known to him—that is to say,
before the 26th of February, 1844: the true nature
of the messenger's errand to Mexico, and many
other points, now involved in obscurity, may be
cleared up in these examinations, to the benefit and
well being of the Union. Perhaps it may chance
to turn out in proof, that the Secretary who found
his reasons for making the treaty and hastening the
immediate annexation, had determined upon all that
long before he heard of Lord Aberdeen's letter.
But to go on. Instead of admitting, disproving,
or taking time to consider the reiterated disavowals
of the British government, the messenger to Mexico
is charged with oar manifesto of war against that
government, on account of the imputed designs of
Great Britain, and in which they are all assumed to
be true! and not only true, but fraught with such
sudden, irresistible and irretrievable rum to the
United States, that there was no time for an instant
of delay, nor any way to save the Union from de-
struction but by the "immediate" annexation ofTexas.
Here is the letter. It is too important to be
adridged; and though referred to several times, will
now be read in full. Hear it-
Mr Cullnniu II) t-L. C, mi.
"j)l.PU:iMIM OrSlWK,
"No 1.] \\r \S1!!"\(> 1 <)\'| Al'KlL 1 A, 1S44-.
"Su:: A treaty lor the annexation of Texas to the United
States has been siu,nc<t by tin: plempotentiaiios ot the tw o
gov frnrnent-', ami u dl he sent by the President to the Sen-
ate, without (tela) , toi its appnnal
" In making the fact hnou n to the Vexican government,
the Pi fj-nlent i ii]oin- it on you to tc't e it, in the lirst place,
the stiono-est assuiance that. n\ adopting this measure, our
government is .reunited l>\ no let lu^s ot disrespect or in-
dillexence to the bo'ior oi dainnf) ol Vrexioo, -and that it
w ould he a • object ol s^u-at te;;r et it it should be otherwise
regarded b) it.s i>o\eminent And, m the next place, that
the step w as toieed on the ^ovennnent oi the United States,
in selt-dc Umi e. in cons^m ne> ot the policy adocUed by
(.iieat Btitujn m reference io Ihe abolition of slavery m
Texas it w as impossible lor the tinted states to witness
with uidifieieuce the I'loris oi threat Britain to pbolibh
shrw.i} thoie. 'I he> could not but Fee that she had the
means m her pov ei. m the actual condition of Texas, to
accomplish the objects oi her poke\, unless prevented by
the mo^ etheient measure;-, and that, if accomplished, it
would lead to a state of tiling dan^eious in the extreme to
the adjacent State**, and the I mou itself. Seeing this, this
government has been compelled, b\ the necessity of the
cdH-, and a i\ ^ard to its constitutional obligations, to take
the step it has", as the onlj eeiUun and effectual means of
preventing it It has taken it in fnll\ic\v of all possible
consequences, but not w ithout a desire and hope that a full
and fau diselos-'iue ot' the causes which induced it to do eo
would prevent the disturbance of the harmony subsisting
betw ecu the two countries, which the United Mates is anx-
ious to piesei\e.
"In oider thiit the Mexican gin einment should li?ve a just
and lull conception of the motives which have compelled
tins go\eminent to take the course it has, I enclose, by the
dn cction oi th<> 1'iesident, a copy of the declaration of Lord
Ab( ideea, which rakenhain, the British minister, was
instructed to lead to the ^ecietary of State of the United
States, and to ica\ e a copy, should he desire it; and the an-
swei to it oath" p.ut oi our Government The President
authoii/es ) on to le.nl t!t( m to the .Mexican Secretary of
State, and to permit him Jo take memoianda of their con-
tents as \ ou u ul, he <!■ sue it, but not to leave co-
pies, lis the\ eo)i"t!Uite a p-ul oi the documents which will
bc^tran^nuUed w ith the trt ;<t} to the Senate.
ou are enjoined aNo b\ ,'jc President to 3ssure the
Mexican qoveine.eut th  t it is hi<' desire to settle all ques-
tions between the U\ o cotrntne? "tthich may e,row out of
this tieoty, or en\ oihei cause, on the most liberal and sat-
isfactory terms, hk India;; tli.it of buuiulai) , and with that
view the minister who has been recently appointed will be
shortlv .cent w uh adequ.ru pov. ers.
"You will finally a.-suic the Government of Mexico that
the qovernmvnt oi thcLmt* d Stated would have been happy,
if eiroumstanecr' had permitted it, to act in concurrence
w ith that ol Mexico m the step it has, but with all
its respect for .Vexuo, and anxious desire that the two
countries tehnuld oontnme on fuendly terms, it could not
make what it believed might involve the safety of the Union
itself depend on the c mit'iigmcy of obtaining the previous
consent of Mcaico. But v hilo it could not, with a due re-
gard to the «afet\ ot th'■ f niou do that it has talcen every
precaution to mcike the terms; oi the treaty as little objec-
tionable to Mexico as possible; and, among others, has left
the boundary of Texas without specification, so that what
the line of boundaiy should be might he an open question,
to be fairly and fully disc us- ed and Fettled according to the
rights of each, and the mutual inteiests and security of the
two countries.
1 have the honor to be. sir, your obedient servant,
john c. calhoun.
Benjamin E- Gns-r.y, esq-. &c."
This letterwas addressed to Mr. Benjamin Green,
the son of Mr. Duff Green; so that the beginning
and the ending of this " immediate" annexation
scheme so far as the invention of the pretext, and
the inculpation of Great Britain is concerned, is in
the hands of father and son. The letter itself is one
of the most unfortunate that the annals of diplo-
macy ever exhibited. Tt admits the wrong to
Mexico, and offers to fighther for that wrong; and not
for anything that she has done to the United States,
but because of some supposed operation of Great
Britain upon Texas. Was there ever such a com-
edy of errors, or, it may be, tragedy of crimes!
Let us analyze this important letter; let us examine
it paragraph by paragraph.
The first paragraph enjoins the strongest ssau-
rances to be given to Mexico of our indisposition to
wound the dignity or honor of Mexico in making
tliis'treaty, and of our regret if she should consider it
otherwise. This admits that we have done some-
thing to outrage Mexico, and that we owe her a
volunteer apology to soften her anticipated resent-
ment.
The same paragraph states that we have been
driven to this step in self-defence, and to counteract
the "policy adopted," and the "effoi-ts made" by Great
Britain to abolish slavery in Texas. This is an ad-
mission that we have done what may be offensive
and injurious to Mexico, not on accouut of any
thing she has done to us, but for what we fear Great
Britain may do to Texas.
The same paragraph admits that the United States
has made this treaty in full view of war with Mexi-
co; for the words "allpossible consequences," taken in
connexion with the remaining words of the sentence,
and with General Almonte's notice filed by order of
his government at the commencement of -this nego-
tiation, can mean nothing else but war, and that to
be made by the treaty-making power.
The second paragraph directs the despatch of
Lord Aberdeen to be read to the Mexican Secretary
of State, to show him our cause of complaint against
Great Britain. This despatch is to be read—not de-
livered, not even a copy of it—to the Mexican min-
ister. He may take notes of it during the reading,
but not receive a copy, because it is a document to
be sent to the Senate! Surely the Senate would
have pardoned a departure from etiquette in a
case where war was impending, and where the
object was to convince the nation we were go-
ing to fight, that we had a right to fight her for
fear of something which a third power might do to
a fourth. To crown this scene, the reading is to
be of a document in the English language, to a
minister whose language is Spanish; and who may
not know what is read except through an interpre-
ter.
The third paragraph of this pregnant letter admits
that questions are to grow out of this treaty, for
the settlement of which a minister will be sent by
us to Mexico. This is a most grave admission, it
is a confession that we commit such wrong upon
Mexico by this treaty, that it will take another
treaty to redress it; and that, as the wrong doer,
we will volunteer an embassy to atone for our mis-
conduct. Boundary is named as one of these things
to be settled, and with reason; for we violate 2,000
miles of Mexican boundary which is to become
ours by the ratification of this treaty, and to remain
ours till restored to its proper owner by another
treaty. Is this right? Is it sound in morals? Is it
safe in policy? Would we take 2,000 miles of the
Canadas in the same way? I presume not. And
why not? Because Great Britain is powerful, and
Mexico weak—a reason which may fail in policy
as much as m morals. Yes, sir! Boundary will
have to be adjusted, and that of the Rio Grande;
and until adjusted, we should be aggressors, by our
own admission, on the undisputed Mexican terii-
tory on the Rio Grande.
The last paragraph is the most significant of the
whole. It is a confession, by the clearest inferences,
that our whole conduct to Mexico has been tortious
and wrongful, and that she has "rights," to the set-
tlement of which Mexico must be a party. The
great admissions are, the want of the concurrence of
Mexico; the want of her previous consent to this
treaty; its objectionableness to her; the violation of
her boundary; the "rights" of each, and of course
the right of Mexico to settle questions of security
and interest which are unsettled by the present
treaty. The result of the whole is, that the war, in
full view of which, the treaty was made, was an un-
just war upon Mexico.
I Thus admitting our wrong in injuring Mexico,
