468
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Brooklyn, Island, on the same subject: referred to
the Committer $11 Naval Affairs.
t WITHERED: The memorial signed by Philip
i. juikhs md 340 others, citizens of Baltimore, praying
to abstain from all legislation on the subject of'
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of Martin Early, Lewis
a* Lukens, and 80 others, citizens of Lebanon county,
*^imsylvania. The petition of Christian Henry, Samuel
Keinhard, and numerous others, citizens of Lebanon county,
Pennsylvania. The petition of Jacob Hicks, D. W. Simon-
ton, and 80 others, citizens of Dauphin county, Pennsyl-
vania. The petition of John Barnett, John W. Cowden,
ana 40 others, citizens of Dauphin, county, Pennsylvania.
All protesting against any interference on the part of Con.
gress with the tariff qf 1842.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: The petitions of several thou-
sand citizens of the State of Illinois, setting forth the impor-
tance of the Great Wabash river as a channel of-commerce,
and the dangers now attending its navigation: that the coun-
!£„^rde"n&.up?,n 11 ,a one of the richest> most fertile, and
West; and their sole reliance upon
T* them t0 Send their Surplus products to
1 Pawners represent that said river is de-
^rS—a-b£ a national highway, and that the States
iur!?4lctl0n over it fbr the purpose of its improve-
ment, that on this ground it is incumbent on Congress to
S^f thl nnhl" iat' £oinS' u would insure a speedy
iStee ot FuWii VICImty: referI'ed 10 the C°m"
®LACK: Three petitions, signed by 142
Srainst Cu™berl?nd and Franklin counties, Pennsylvania,
Smmitwynrat. "irthe Presei>' thrift: referred to the
v-ommittee of the Whole'House.
i HcIJtVAIN^:. Tlie remonstrance of Alexander
- loae and .« others, citizens of Chester county, Peimsyl
5 >?®a.lnst an>' reduction of the present tariff.
nf^n i' D- P0TTER: A memorial from Samuel Clark,
I I"?. Ohio, praying for a 1 eduction in the rate
Tost Holds 'le Committee on the Post Office and
®™ENCK: The petition of William Gove for an
fairs p nsi0u: referreii to the Committee on Naval Af-
r ?Lh"r',wUNL,;'U': Th£ Petition of the heirs of David
V .• ?e«' ttn ofllc,!r >n the revolutionary war, for
° 5^ars' ra^ Promised t0 'he officers of
i ? i ' UI?der tlle resolves of Congress of 1780 and
Wv ih°' a J®. 5L°Vi the heirs of CaPt Richard Maj-
; *."& fde*eascii.lat® Of Cumberland county, Maine, for live
J i-ai i, lull pay, promised to officers of the revolution by the
, iiw „ n Sfe.^ ofMaroh i2. 1780: referred to the Com-
•uitteo on Rei olutionary Claims.
T¥ application of George Steele, for
'he Smli tPhorse,,1°s,t 111 thB Black Hawk war: referred to
-ne Committee on Military Affairs.
?'i nib^r- B0WPR: ,Th.e petition of Thomas B. Brown and
Aknth^'^?fX-«y,ng t'";™prov<"nent of the western wateis.
.hi ^ P t1°'l of, Joh" H' Todl  anJ 31 o'hers, piajing
"i.n inS u°l * le„western waters: referred to the
miHt.te of the Whole House oa the state of the Union.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 2, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, made in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, transmitting statements of the amount
°f moneys received by the government for lots sold
m Washington City. The following statements
were copied from the report of the Commissioner,
viz: '
It appears from the records in his office that there
were assigned to the United States by the original
proprietors, lots to the number of 10,136; and that
there have been sold of that number for public pur-
poses, 7,610 for the sum of $765,676 44.
Tlio number of lots conveyed under donations
irom Congress, to charitable and literary institu-
tions, were 771, and valued at $70,000, viz:
For the Orphan Asylum 29 lots valued at - #10,000
" Sisters of Charity 70 " " - 10,000
" Columbian College 182 " - 25,'000
" Georgetown do. 490 " " - 25,000
There remain unsold at this time 1,755 lots,
which, at the present assessment, are worth
$64,153 39.
There are21 avenues and 116 streets. Thcavenues
vary from 120 to 160 feet in width; the streets
from 80 to 160 feet in width, and embrace a distance
of 298 miles.
The streets and avenues contain 2,654 acres, or
115,608,240 square feet of land, and were transfer-
red to the government without any pecuniary com-
pensation for the same.
The quantity of land reserved for the use of the
United States, m the division of the same between
tne United States and the original proprietors in the
City of Washington, was 541 acres 1 rood and 29
perches, or 23,584,7454 square feet. The reserva-
tions were 17 in number, as follows:
1- The President's square, on which
are erected the President's mansion
and the State, Treasury, War, and A. R. P.
Navy Departments - - 83 1 22
?. Capitol square and mall, (Capitol,) 227 0 8
3. The park - - , • 39 3 9
4. University square (new observa-
r tory) - - , - - 19 1 2
5. The fort at Turkey Buzzard (Green-
leafs) Point- (arsenal and peniten-
™al7) " * " - 28 2 31
6. The west market on the Potomac,
covered with water.
7. The centre-market (market-house) - 2 3 23
8. Tho national church square (patent
office) - - - - 4 0 25
9. Judiciary square (city hall, new jail,
and insane hospital) - - 19 1 27
10. North of Pennsylvania avenue be-
tween 3d and 4j streets west - 6 0 31
11. Between North B and C streets and
2d and 3d streets west - - 3 2 34
12. North of Pennsylvania avenue be-
tween 2d and 3d streets west - 1 1 04
13. Hospital square (magazine and alms-
house) - - - - 77 0 26
14. Navy-yard square, (navy-yard,&c.,) 12 3 15
15. Eastern market-house (market-
house) - - - - 1 0 21
16. Do. do. - - 1 0 23
17. The town-house square - - 21 1 29
Total
541 1 29
For these the government paid at the rate of $66§
per acre, amounting to the sum of $36,099, from
money arising from the sale of city lots. These re-
servations were all carefully selected by President
Washington for public purposes. It was his inten-
tion that the larger ones should be substantially en-
closed, and planted with ornamental shade trees, and
that there should be gravel walks and carriageways
for citizens and strangers to exercise on foot, on
horseback, or in carriages, for health or recrea-
tion.
On motion by^Mr. JARNAGIN, the report was
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN, 500 copies
extra were ordered to be printed of the report of Cap-
tain Cram of the survey and estimated cost for im-
proving the navigation of the Ohio river at the
Falls.
Mr. UPHAM presented three several memorials
from citizens of the towns of Orange, Braintree, and
Marshfield, in the county of Washington, Vermont,
solemnly protesting against the annexation of
Texas by treaty, or in any other mode, without
the consent of all the States, as unconstitutional,
injurious to the rights and interests, and injurious
to the basis and perpetuity of the Union; which
were severally referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, the petition and
documents of the widow of Miles Goforth, were
ordered to be taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from a
number of individuals composing the tribe of Stock-
bridge Indians, resident in Wisconsin, setting forth,
at considerable length, the unsettled state of their
affairs, arising particularly from the act of Congress
of 1842, making them citizens of the United States;
complaining that the operation of that act was very
injurious, and praying that it be repealed, or that
they be relieved from its operation: referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill making an appropriation
for the repair of the custom-house and post office
building in Charleston, South Carolina; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from citizens
of Clark county, Ohio, protesting against the ad-
mission of Texas into the Union.
Mr. T. said there was no such question before
the Senate; the remonstrance was against some sup-
posed measure. He therefore moved to lay it on
the table: agrped to.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill authori-
zing the Solicitor of the Treasury to compromise and
settle with the securities of John H. Owen, late re-
ceiver of the public moneys at St. Stephen, Alaba-
ma; which was read, and ordered to a second read-
ing.
Mr. JARNAGIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which, under the rule, lies one day on the
table, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to the Senate
any power of attorney from Cherokee Indians to William
H. Thomas, filed by him in 1839; what money was raid on
them, and when, and why the whoja amount was not paid;
when William H. Thomas was appointed agent to disburse
to Cherokees the moneys due them, how much he received,
and the vouchers for the disbursement thereof—showing
the date of the respective payments,"and to whom made;
and why it was the moneys were not paid on the powers of
attorney; and why Thomas was appointed agent to disburse
said moneys. The Secretary of War will also report copies
of all communications from the War Department, or Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, to said William H. Thomas, dur-
ing the years 1839,1840, and 1841, as also all letters or com-
munications from said Thomas to the War Department or
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, during said years, particu-
larly those dated in July, 1840, from Ashville,' North Caro-
lina.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Ben-
ton on Friday last, was taken up, and adopted,
viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the "War Department be
directed to cause an examination and report to be made on
the practicability and probable expense of improving the
navigation of the Mississippi river at the place called the
"Little Chain," being the place where the first chain of
rocks oven-each upon the river above the mouth of the
Ohio.
Several adverse reports of standing committees,
on private claims, were taken up and concurred in
by the Senate.
_ Mr. BERRIEN, from the Commiitee on the Ju-
diciary, made an adverse report on the petition of
Anna Maria Baldwin, praying compensation for at-
tending as a witness on the part of the United
States on the trial for burning the treasury building.
It was ordered to lie on the table, a!nd be printed.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the pe-
tition of Rebecca H. Goon, praying the reimburse-
ment of the amount of a judgment obtained against
her by the United States for an alleged trespass on
the mineral lands; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented four memorials
from the State of New York, remonstrating against
any alteration in the existing tariff; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. FULTON, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition and papers of
Daniel McKisick. Mr. F. said that, with some ad-
ditional evidence which had been obtained, the de-
partment would be enabled to allow the pension,
MILITARY ACADEMY.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill from the
House, making appropriation for the support of the
Military Academy for the fiscal year commencing
on the 1st July, 1844, and ending 30th June, 1845,
was taken up as in committee of the whole, consid-
ered, reported to the Senate, read the third time,
and passed.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the bill from the
House, making appropriations for certain fortifica-
tions of the United States for the fiscal year com-
mencing the 1st July, 1844, and ending 30th June,
1845, was taken up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. SEVIER did not know that this bill had
passed the House. He was utterly surprised when
lie heard it read, to find that it left out one-half of
the forts at the most exposed points in this Union;
and there was not a single reason assigned for such
an omission. There had been, at some of these
points, works in progress for years, and not one
dollar was appropriated in this bill for their comple-
tion. He should like the honorable senator from
Maine, [Mr. Evans,] to inform him why Fort
Smith and Fort Gibson, which had been progressing
for years, and had-cost the government of the United
States thousands of dollars, and whifch were now
suspended for want of money to carry them on,
were left, out? ^ It was amazing that the bill should
make appropriations for fortifications in other un-
important sections, and leave out every fort of in>
portance on the western frontier. If gentlemen ex-
pected to get works done in this partial manner,
without opposition or debate, they were mistaken.
If there was no change of its provisions, he should
vote against the bill. He again asked the senator
if he knew why those forts had been left out.
Mr. EVANS did not know precisely why he had
been left out. The bill had been sent from the
House of Represantatives, and "he supposed there
was a reason for omitting them. In the first place,
the bill was founded upon an estimate of the depart-
ment; and in some of the sums granted, the appro-
priations fell short fifty per cent, of the estimates, in
other cases more. Several works were left out as
well as those mentioned by the senator from Arkan-
sas. The estimates of the department amounted to
a million and a qnarter. This bill reduced them to
half a million. Upon what rule this reduction
