May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
Annexation of Texas—Mr, Benton.
Senate.
with an offer of millions to prevent the "belligerent
attitudewhich the President in his message of the
14th instant, shows that he now dreads! No, sir,
this story of Mexican delight at the treaty has lived
its hour, and died out. It is now dead at this place,
though it may be kept alive some days longer in re-
mote and inaccessible parts of the Union. Mexico,
from the beginning, has been treated with indignity.
To say nothing of the enormity of accepting from the
Texians two thousand miles of her old territory, to
the conquest of which Texas has twice proved herself
inadequate—I mean in the disastrous expeditions to
Santa Fe, and to Mier-—to say nothing of this, the
fact of keeping the whole negotiation a secret from
Mexico until it was over, and then undertaking to pa-
cify her with incomprehensible and absurd pretexts of
u self-defence^ and "national safetyand "destruction"
of our Ct Union," was* of itself sufficient to wound her
pride and exasperate her feelings; and so, in fact, it
did. It so happens, Mr. President, that I have in
my list of newspapers one in the Spanish language,
published in New York, _ and addicted to Spanish
affairs. Its title is sufficiently comprehensive, No-
ticioso deJimbosMundos: which signifies, Intelligencer
of the two Worlds, This paper is very full in all that
relates to the Spanish race in Europe and America;
and since the commencement of the Texas negotia-
tion has been particularly full of all that relates to
that subject. I will read some passages from which
you will sec in what  ense Mexico understands our
proceedings.
[Here Mr. R. read off in English several passages
from the paper, showing that the Mexicans consid-
ered the secret negotiation of the treaty as an indig-
nity to them, and its ratification as war made on
Mexico by assuming the Texian war; and that, thus
insulted and pressed upon, she must fight, and that
"without considering the difference between the pow-
er of the two countries.]
This, Mr. President, (resumed Mr. B.,) is rather
better evidence of Mexican feeling in relation to this
treaty than the stories which are propagated from
this place to cover up the conduct of those whose
electioneering intrigue, calculated for the meridian
of the Baltimore convention, has got us into a scrape
in which we have warred on Mexico, deceived Tex-
as, insulted Great Britain, astonished the civilized
world, and disgraced ourselves. The pretext in-
vented by these intriguers deludes nobody. The
sudden ruin of this confederacy, by the sudden ex-
tinction of slavery in Texas, only to be averted by
the sudden annexation of Texas, is an incomprehen-
sibility which creates no alarm. That negro hallu-
cination is too subtle and ethereal for use. It is too
necromantic, or nogromantic, for the nineteenth cen-
tury.
No, sir, the Mexicans are not delighted at this
treaty: at the same time it is perfectly well known,
ever since the battle of San Jacinto, that every wise
man in Mexico sees the issue of the contest, and
that permanent separation is inevitable. The sepa-
ration in legal form is to come; and it is only a ques-
tion of when and how? and that is much more
a question of pride than of interest with the
Mexican people. The United States, by treat-
ing a proud people, and not the less proud he-
cause they are weak, with proper respect, would
have acquired Texas in a short time just as natural-
ly, and as easily, as the ripened pear falls to the
earth.
Eight years ago, and at the time of acknowledg-
ing the independence of Texas, I took occasion to
examine this question of eventual separation between
Mexico and Texas, and showed it to be the inevita-
ble effect of natuial and moral causes. This is what
I then said:
"Kvon -vitliout the, yrmistj.ee, and provisional treaty with
Sdnta Amu, \ look upon the t>epaiation of the two countnes
as bomg in the fixed order of events, and absolutely certain
to take place. Texas and Mexico are not formed lor union.
They are not homogeneous. 1 speak ofTexas as known to
La Salle, tiit bay ol St Bernard, (Matagorda.) and the wa-
ters which belong to it, being the western boundary They
do not belong to the same divisions of country, nor to the
same systems of commerce, nor to the same pursuits. of bu-
siness. Tlicy have no affinities—no attractions—no tenden-
cies to coalesce. In the course of centuries, and while Mex-
ico has extended her settlements mtmitely further m other
directions—to the head of the ttio Giande in the north, and
to the mouth of the San Francisco in the northwest; yet no
settlement had been extended east, along the neighboring
coast of the Gull ot Mexico. The rich and deep cotton and
sugar lands of Texas, though at the very door of Mexico,
yet refjtunng the application of a laborious industry to
nuke them productive, have presented no temptation to the
mining and pastoral population of that empire. For ages
this beautiful agricultural and planting region has lain un-
touched. Within a few years, and by another race, its set-
tlement has freguiij ana tli© presence o( this race has not
smoothed, but increased, the obstacles to union presented
by nature. Sooner or later separation would be inevitable:
and the progress of human events has accelerated the ope-
ration of natural causes. Goliad has torn Texas from Mexi-
co; Goliad has decreed independence: San Jacinto has seal-
ed it! What the massacre decreed, the victory has sealed:
and the day of the martyrdom of the prisoners must forever
l)e regarded as the day of disunion between Texas and Mex-
ico."
These are the causes, permanent as nature, ob-
vious as day, which assure the disunion of Texas
and Mexico, and govern the absolutQ return of the
former to us. We had nothing to do but to be civil
and just; and the overtures made by General Jack-
son fifteen years ago, for the reasons then given by
Mr. Van Buren, would have been successful. But
the " Texas bomb" had to be exploded precisely forty
days before the meeting of the Baltimore conven-
tion! and to that necessity were sacrificed the honor,
the interest, and the peace of the country, and the re-
covery of Texas itself.
The return ofTexas to our Union, and all the dis-
membered territory of 1819 along with it, is as cer-
tain as that the Red river and the Arkansas rise with-
in our natural limits, and flow into the Mississippi. I
wish to get it back, and to get it with peace and hon-
or—at all events without unjust war, unconstitution-
ally made, on weak and groundless pretexts. I wish
it to comc back without sacrificing our trade even
with Mexico, so valuable to us on account of the
large returns of specie which it gave us, especially
before the commencement of the Texian revolution,
the events of which have alienated Mexican feeling
from us, and reduced our specie imports from eleven
millions of dollars per annum to one million and a
half. I wish it to come back in a way to give as
little dissatisfaction to any part of the Union as
possible; and I believe it is very practicable to
get it back without a shock to any part. The
difficulty now is in the aspect which has' been put
upon it as a sectional, political, and slave question;
as a movement of the South against the North, and
of the slaveholding States for political supremacy.
This is as unfounded in the true nature of the ques-
tion, as it is unwise and unfortunate in the design
which prompted it. The question is more western
than southern, and as much free as slave. The ter-
ritory to be recovered extends to the latitude of 38°
in its northeast corner, and to latitude 42° in its
northwest corner. One-half of it will lie in the region
not adapted to slave labor; and, of course, when re-
gained, will be formed into nonslaveholding States.
So far as slavery is concerned, then, the question is
neutralized: it is as much free as slave; and it is
greatly to be regetted—regretted by all Ike friends of
the Union—that a different aspect has been given to
it. I am southern by my birth—southern in my
affections, interests, and connexions—and shall
abide the fate of the South in every thing in
which she has right upon her side. I am a slave-
holder, and shall take the fate of other slave-holders
m every aggression upon that species of property,
and in every attempt to excite a San Domingo in-
surrection among us. 1 have my eyes wide open to
that danger, and fixed on the laboratories of insur-
rection, both in Europe and America; but I must see
a real case of danger before I take the alarm. 1 am
against the cry of wolf, when there is no wolf. 1
will resist the intrusive efforts of those whom it does
not concern, to abolish slavery among us; but I
shall not engage in schemes for its extension into
regions where it was never known—into the valley
of the Rio del Norte, for example, and along a
river of two thousand miles in extent, where a slave's
face was never seen'
A large movement is now going on for the an-
nexation of Texas; and I, who have viewed this
movement from the beginning, believe that 1 have
analyzed it with a just and discriminating eyie. The
great mass of it is disinterested, patriotic, rea-
sonable, and moderate, and wishes to get back our
lost territory, as soon as it can be done with peace
and honor. This large mass is passive, and had
just as hef have Texas next year as tins year. A
small part of this movement is interested, and is the
active part, and is unreasonable, and violent, and must
have Texas during the present presidential election,
or never. For the former part—the great mass—I
feel great respect, and wish to give them reasons for
my conduct: to the latter part, it would be lost la-
bor in me to offer reasons. Political, and interested
parties have no ears: they listen only to themselves
and run their course upon their own calculations.
All that I shall say is,that the present movement, pros-
tituted as it evidently is to selfish and sectional pur-
poses, is injurious to the cause of annexation and must
end in delaying its consummation. But it will be
delay only. Annexation is the natural and inevita-
ble order of events, and will come! and when it
comes, be it sooner or later, it will lie for the nation-
al reasons stated in Mr. Van Buren's instructions
of 1829, and in the rational manner indicated in his
letter of 1844. It will come, because the country to
be received is geographically appurtenant to our
country, and politically, commercially, and socially
connected with our people and with our institution*:
and it will come, not in the shape of a secret treaty
between two Presidents, but as a legislative as well as
an executive measure—as the act of two nations
(the United States and Texas)—and with the con-
sent of Mexico, if she is wise, or without her con-
sent, upon the lapse of her rights. The third reso-
lution which I have submitted embodies my opin-
ions, and I here read it for the illustration of my
meaning, without dilating upon it. It is this:
''Resolved, That the country dismembered from the Uni-
ted States by the treaty of 1819 with Spain, comprehending
Texas and a large territory between the Ked river and the
Arkansas, and being geographically appurtenant to the
Uisited States, and essential to tkeir political, commercial,
and social system, ought to be keunitedto thr Ameri-
can Union as soon as it can be done with the consent of a
majority of the people of the United States and of Texas,
and when Mexico shall either consent to the same, or ac-
knowledge the independence of Texas, or cease to prose-
cbte the war against her [the armistice having expiied] on
a scale commensurate to the conquest of the country."
Mr. President, the Senate is in a grave and respon-
sible position, and judgment and reason, not pas-
sion and interest, must govern our deliberations. It
stands in the eye of the world, and of posterity; and
we must expect their scrutiny into our conduct.
I have never felt myself before called upon to tfet
in circumstances so momentous, and where the
peace and honor of my country were so much
at stake. I have never before felt myself called upon
to give a vote which I deem so important in the
affairs of nations; and I pray God to enable me
so to give it, as to enable me to escape the con-
demnation of the wise and the good, both now and
hereafter. We have a treaty which has been so
managed as to involve the interests, or the feelings
of four nations—Mexico, Texas, the United States,
and Great Britain—and which must draw upon us
the eyes of the civilized world, and of unborn gener-
ations; and this treaty, so momentous in its conse-
quents, is thrust upon us in the crisis of a presiden-
tial election, and without the information which the
occasion requires, and which can give us an inside view
of its origin and formation. The letters, and frag-
ments of letters, which supply the place of respon-
sible protocols and intelligible minutes of confer-
ences, have all the air of beginning in the middle,
and clearly announce a fixedrup case, in which an
outside, and a one-sided view is alone presented.
We are in the dark! and our calls for information are
often answered defectively, and sometimes with ar-
gumentative and extraneous matter, to counteract
the effect of the information given. We hear of a
messenger sent to Mexico upon an errand which
admits the invalidity of the treaty. The chairman,
of the Committee on Foreign relations, Mr. Archer,
states that errand, by authority, on the floor .of the
Senate: it is to get the consent of Mexico to the-
treaty, and to delay the action of the Senate until
the messenger returns. We all feel that this ad-
mits the invalidity of the treaty! we all feel that
the treaty is knocked on the head by its au-
thors! Three days afterwards a message comes
from the President to contradict that authori-
tative statement; and yet contradicts it in a
way to admit its truth in the main, if not in the par-
ticular. And so, here is a strange puzzle on a
vital point. We know that the Mexican min-
ister has left our seat of government; but we
are not informed whether he has ceased his
diplomatic relations. We know that Lord Aber-
deen's letter of the 26th of December, which fi-
nishes, by violence committed upon it, the last pre-
text for the treaty, was received here long after the
treaty was determined upon; and we have no ex-
planation of an anachronism so grave and 30 rare,
in the annals of civilized diplomacy. We had
heard that troops had marched, and ships had sailed,
but had no official notice of these war movements
until obtained upon a call. We hear that money
has been drawn from the treasury (it may be illegal-
ly) for these expeditions; but how much, is yet un-
known. Above nil, wo hear that President Hous-
ton would not engage in the annexation treaty with
President Tyler, until the said President Tyler had
first engaged in a treaty of aid and comfort with him,
by sending him a part of the army and navy of tho
