CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4
cents; so that, in practice, liobody would send a letter
of an ounce weight, when a saving of five cents
could be effected by dividing it into two letters.
Mr. MERRICK explained that the object of the
committee was to obtain the most revenue by the
proposed arrangement, conceiving that when bank
notes are enclosed, the amount being generally valu-
able, as each quarter of an ounce of weight was
added, the additional postage would not be regarded
as onerous.
The point of the propriety of putting a different
ratio on additional weight beyond the first standard,
was debated by Messrs. MERRICK, WOODBU-
RY, EVANS, KING, and DAYTON, it being held
by some that the ratio ought to be the same; by
others, that the rate ought to decrease as the weight
increased; and by Mr. MERRICK, that the rate
ought to be higher as the weight increased. Finally
it was thought this was a point deserving more de-
liberation, and a general wish was expressed of hav-
ing time to consider it.
Mr. MERRICK observed that, as it was too late
to-day to proceed further, and as he should have oc-
casion to leave the District on business for a few
days, he hoped the bill would be laid over till his
return.
On motion, the further consideration of the sub-
ject was postponed to Monday next.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 2, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the first business to
be the consideration of the bill respecting the sale
of the lead mines in the State of Illinois and the
Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa.
Mr. HUNT asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce the following bill, of which he had heretofore
given notice:
A bill to amend the act entitled an "Act for the
regulation of seamen on board the public and pri-
vate vessels of the United States," passed March 3,
1813; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. LEONARD, the Committee of
the Whole was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the resolution on the subject of the
Drummond light.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked and obtained leave
to introduce a resolution calling for information on
the subject of the contingent expenses of the State
Department; which, with a modification, at the sug-
gestion of Mr. WHITE, so as to instruct the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the State Department to
make the inquiry, was agreed to.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures of the
State Department inquire and report to the "House an ac-
curate statement of the expenditures of the contingent ap-
propriations for expenses of the Department of State from
the 4th of March, 1S41, to the 1st of December, 1843, speci-
fying the amount of each payment, and the persons to whom
paid, together with the objects or services for which such
payments were made, as also a like statement for the same
period, of the expenditures of the contingent appropriations
for the expenses of foreign intercourse, excepting such pay-
ments as were made according to law, upon the certificate
of the President; and that he also state what (if any) bal-
ances of the above appropriations existed on the 4th of
March, 1341, and on the 1st December, 1843.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported the following bills:
A bill to authorize the allowance recommended
by the legislature of Florida to the secretary of the
Senate and chief clerk of the House of Representa-
tive of said territory.
A bill to authorize the legislatures of the several
Territories to regulate the apportionment of repre-
sentation and for other purposes.
A bill to enable the people of Iowa to form a con- -
stitution and State government for the admission of
sueh state into the Union.
A bill to confirm to the city of Fernandina, in
Florida, certain lots reserved for public use by the
Spanish government.
A bill respecting the employment and compensa-
tion of officers of the territorial legislatures.
Which bills were severally read a first and second
time, and committed to the Committee of the Whole
House on the State of the Union.
Mr. Mc6LERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to amend the act enti-
tled an act to provide for the armed occupation of
Florida; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill providing for the erection of a marine
hospital at Key West, Florida: read twice, and re-
ferred to the committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to confirm certain en-
tries of land in the land district in the Terri-
tory of Florida, made on the 22d June, 1838: read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, on leave, introduced a
bill to authorize the legislature of the State of Illi-
nois to sell the saline lands in the county of Jackson:
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill making appropriations
for the commencement of fortifications on the straits
of Florida: read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. HENRY DODGE,
The bill from the Senate, entitled An act granting
a certain quantity of land to aid in the improvement
of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and to connect the
same by a canal through the Territory of Wiscon-
sin, /foas taken up, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. TIBBATTS gave notice that he should, on
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, move to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole from the further
consideration of bill No. 101, commonly called the
steamboat law.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill for the benefit of the
inhabitants of certain fractional townships in Ed-
wards county, Illinois, and for school purposes: read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to take up the Territorial bills; but, on
request, withdrew the motion.
The bill to direct the President of the United
States to cause the reserved lead mines in the States
of Illinois and Missouri, and Territories of Iowa and
Wisconsin, to be sold, was taken up. This bill was
yesterday reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
And the question was on concurring in the amend-
ment, made in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. JAMESON moved the previous question;
which was seconded.
Mr. HOGE moved to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill to-morrow.
Mr. PARMENTER moved to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. DICKEY called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and resulted—yeas 65, nays
82.
The House having thus refused to lay the bill on
the table, the question was put on the motion of
Mr. Hoge to postpone until to-morrow, and carried
without a division.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
On the motion of Mr. HOUSTON, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. White in the chair,)
for the purpose of proceeding with the consideration
of bills relating to the Territories.
The following were taken up, and after being con-
sidered, were laid aside to be reported to the House:
A bill for the benefit of James Anderson, of the
Territory of Iowa.
A bill providing for a mrrine hospital at Key
West, m Florida.
A bill granting to the Territory of Wisconsin a
certain tract of land for the benefit of the town of
Fairplay, in said Territory.
A bill granting a section of land for the improve-
ment of Grant river, at the town of Potosi, m Wis-
consin Territory.
A bill to authorize the allowance recommended by
the legislature of Florida, to the secretary of the
Senate and the chief clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives of said Territory.
A bill to authorize the legislatures of the several
Territories to regulate the apportionment of represen-
tation, and for other purposes.
A bill to confirm to the city of Fernandina, in
Florida, certain lots reserved for public use by the
Spanish government.
A bill to amend an act entitled m act to provide
for the armed occupation and settlement of the unj
settled part of the peninsula of Florda.
A bill to confirm certain entries of land in the St.
Augustine land district, in the Territory; of Florida,
made under the act of 22d of June, 1838.
The bill to provide payment for the militia of
Iowa who were called into service in the year 1839,
was taken up.
Mr. A. C. DODGE addressed the committee in
support of the bill.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON replied.
On the motion of Mr. WELLER, the committee
rose and reported the bills to the House, and the
question recurred on the engrossment. They were
all ordered to be engrossed, and were read a third
time and passed, with the exception of the bill pro-
viding for the payment of the Iowa militia, and the
bill authorizing allowances to officers of the Florida
legislature.
On motion of Mr. C. JOHNSON, it was
Resolved, That on Thursday next, at 2 o'clock, all debate
shall cease upon the bill making retrenchments m the army;
and that the House shall proceed to vote upon the amend-
ments (if any) to be reported by the committee.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with the view of taking up that
bill.
Mr. RATHBUN gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, move a reconsideration of the vote by
which the bill (No. 302) to amend the act entitled
"An act to provide for the armed occupation of
Florida" was passed.
The House then resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. G, Davis,]
who was entitled to the floor upon the bill making
retrenchments in the army, being at the moment ab-
sent, that bill was laid aside temporarily, and
The committee, on motion of Mr. JAMESON,
took up bill No. 19, reported from tho Committee
on Military Affairs, making appropriations for the
payment oflosses by the Missouri volunteers in the
Florida war.
Mr. HARDIN said he had reported this bill by
the direction of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and it was intended to be confined to the losses sus-
tained by the Missouri volunteers; but it appeared
that it would', in its present shape, extend to other
cases. He therefore proposed the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall be applica-
ble to the Missouri volunteers alone.
Mr. COBB asked the gentleman to give some rea-
son why the benefits of this act should not be ex-
tended to all volunteers who had sustained losses.
This sort of legislation appeared to him partial in
the extreme.
Mr. HARDIN said an appropriation was made
in 1838 for the specific purpose of paying the Mis-
souri volunteers their losses, and the present act was
merely intended as a reappropriation of the money,
which had reverted to the treasury in consequence
of some difficulty having arisen in carrying out the
provisions of the appropriation. The chairman of
the Military Committee had examined the subject
fully, and had come to the conclusion that it was not
aer that the provisions of the act should be ex-
3d beyond the direction originally given to
them
Mr. CHAPMAN observed that he saw no reason
for offering the amendment, as the bill, without the
proviso, would not extend to other cases. For his
part, he was just at the point of offering an amend-
ment, to make the bill apply to the cases of volun-
teers from other States; for there were one or two
provisions m it that applied only to those of Mis-
souri. One of these provisions was, that the lost
horses should be paid for at their appraised value at
the time they were taken into service; whereas
there was no fixed value for the lost horses of the
Alabama volunteers, but they were paid for at an
arbitrary value, fixed at the departments. The de-
cision was that no horse should be paid for more,
than a certain sum, no matter what his value might
be. His object, therefore, was to offer an amend-
ment to make the bill apply to the volunteers of
other States, as well as those of Missouri.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS offered an amendment to
provide payment for horses lost by the rangers of
Indiana in the Black Hawk war.
Mr. D. said that, in the year 1837 or 1838, there
was a general law on this subject passed, which
emanated from the Committee of Claims, of which
he was then a member. Mr. Whittlesey, of Ohio,
