472
CONGRESSIONAL GtOBfc.
who wag then ths chairman of the committee, re-
ported the bill.. In that bill it was intended to pro-
vide for payment for horses lost under the particu-
lar circumstances in which the Indiana rangers
were placed; but, by some perversion of judgment,
or misconstruction of the Third Auditor, these
rangers had been unable to obtain a cent. He saw
no good reason why the present law should be con-
fined to the Missouri volunteers, to the exclusion
of all others who have lost horses under circum-
stances of equal hardship.
Mr. WHITE called the attention of the gentle-
man from Alabama and the gentleman from Indiana
to the fact that the appropriation in this bill ($34,-
500) was for a specific purpose; and even if the
amendments they proposed should be adopted, no
object would be gained by it. The sum appropri-
ated in this bill was to replace a like sum heretofore
appropriated for the Missouri volunteers, and which,
they having been unable to draw in consequence of
some construction at the department, had reverted to
the treasury. He hoped the gentlemen would not
would not trammel the bill with their amendments;
but would bring forward separate bills as provide
for the cases of the volunteers of their States. He
had no doubt that bills for this object, showing a just
claim, would meet with a prompt and favorable con-
sideration. The claims of the Missouri volunteers
were just, and they had been withheld for many
years. He hoped that there would be no longer de-
lay in doing them justice.
Mr. COLES observed that the amendment was
unnecessary. The object of this bill was to reap-
propriate money which had been heretofore appro-
priated for the Missouri volunteers, and had reverted
to the treasury in consequence of their being unable
to draw it. Mr. C, then proposed to offer an amend-
ment; but gave way to 
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, who observed that he would
not press his amendment if he could provide for the
case of the Indiana rangers in some other way. He
would not embarrass the bill.
Mr. D. then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. GIDDINGS offered, as an amendment to the
amendment, a proviso, "that the amount received by
the owners, for the service of such horses, after en-
tering into the service of the United States, shall be
deducted from their appraised value.''
Some conversation took place between Messrs.
COLES, CHAPMAN, GIDDINGS, and the
CHAIR.
Mr. HARDIN offered to withdraw his amend-
ment, but it was not in order for him to do so.
Mr. HARALSON observed that this bill was re-
ported from the Military Committee, and wa« in-
tended to cover a certain number cases from the
State of Missouri. If there were any cases of a sim-
ilar character, it was not the intention of the com-
mittee to confine the bill to those oases alone. He
had not now by him the volume of laws on this sub-
ject, or he eould explain to the committee the pro-
visions applying to the cases referred to in the de-
bate. According to his recollection, there had been
a sum ofmoney appropriated for the Missouri vol-
unteers, which had reverted to the treasury; and
the present bill was to restore that sum. In order
that gentlemen might have an opportunity of exam-
ining th£ laws on the subject, and to see how they
could amend the bill so as to render equal justice to
nil, he would propose to lay it aside for the pre-
sent.
The whole difficulty had arisen from the fact that
Peter Hagner, the Third Auditor, was the strictest
officer under the government; and from his manner
of construing (lie laws, it was almost impossible for
claimants to obtain the amount of their claims. In
the case of these Missouri voluntiers, many of them
had been ruined by making advances to their com-
rades for lost horses, which ihey had been unable
to get reimbursed by the government. With re-
spect to the claims of the Alabama and Indiana vol-
unteers, there was perhaps no better occasion than
the present to provide for them and all similar
cases.
Postponement would give gentlemen from Ala-
bama, Georgia, and other States time to examine this
matter, and no injury would be done; he therefore
moved the postponement of this bill until to-mor-
row.
Mr. C. JOHNSON also expressed his desire that
the postponement should prevail.
Mr. CHAPMAN would not object, if it would
come up again soon, for he had sin amendment
which he desired to submit.
The bill was then laid aside.
PAT OF THE ARMY.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved that the committee
take up the bill to regulate the pay of the army of
the United States and for other purposes; which
was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be en
the appeal of the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Hr. Hale] from the decision of the Chair, which
was taken when this bill was last before the com-
mittee, some days ago. The gentleman from New
Hampshire called the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Garrett Daavis] to order for irrelevancy; and
the Chair decided that though the gentleman from
Kentucky was not strictly relevant, he was not
deemed so irrelevant in Committee of the Whole,
(in which greater latitude of debate is allowed than
in the House,) as to justify the Chair in calling him
to order, and requiring him to take his seat; and the
question now was, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?
The question was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS then took the floor,, to
which he was entitled; but he said the speech which
he had expected to make on this bill, would fit some
of the other appropriation bills as well, or better,
than the present. Besides, his friend froiw^outh
Carolina, [Mr. Black,] who had charge of this bill,
was desirous that he (Mr. D.) should waive his
privilege to speak on this bill, as he was anxious
that the committee should dispose of it; and as his
associate from Tennessee (understood to be an allu-
sion to Mr. C. Johnson) and some other friends
had agreed that he should be allowed to make his
speech on some other appropriation bill without let
or hindrance, he would not now make his speech,
but reserved it for some other occasion. [Laughter,
and cries of "will it fit any other bill?"]
Mr. HALE then moved to amend the 18th sec-
tion of the bill in the 17th line, by striking out the
word "six" and inserting the word "seven." The
object of tliis amendment was to retain the pay of the
privates at $7, and to prevent its reduction to $6,
as proposed by this bill. He said his own judg-
ment was that the amount should be fixed still
higher—as high as $12 a month, though he did not
now propose to fix it at that amount—for if they
wished to have an efficient army, they should pay
the men who were to fight our battles; and he was
not sure but that a more liberal payment of the
privates would render West Point Military Acade-
my unnecessary.
Mr. BLACK defended the section as it stood in
the bill, and recapitulated the pay of the soldiers at
various periods of our history, and the amounts
paid to them in the shape of clothing, bedding, ra-
tions, hospitals, medical attendance, and care and
comfort generally. He deemed the amount here
proposed sufficient for a peace establishment; but he
had an amendment, by way of proviso, to increase
the pay of the private §2 per month, in case this
country should be involved in a war with any for-
eign power.
After a few remarks from Mr. PARMENTER,
Mr. PATTERSON regarded the alteration pro-
posed by this bill in this department of expendi-
ture, as one of its most wholesome features. Our
private soldiers were better paid than our laborers,
and had less labor to perform.
Mr. McDOWELL asked why the cadet at West
Point should receive $16 per month, if our soldiers
were entitled -but to $6.
Mr. BLACK explained. The cadet was com-
pelled to clothe himself, and was subject to other ex-
penditures, to which the soldier was not exposed.
He added that the cadet was subjected by this bill
to reductions proportionate with the reductions in
other grades.
Mr. McDOWELL was not satisfied that the com-
mon soldier should be reduced $1 a month. Their
pay amounted but to a small sum at best, and if
these reductions were made, they would get no men
in the ranks who had any regard for their^character.
Mr. HALE thought the soldier who fought our
battles, and protected our firesides was not the man
on whom the had of retrenchment should fall so
heavily.
Mr. OWEN said, from the remarks of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, one might be led to
infer that there was a fair comparison between the
wages of a soldier at $G a month, and the wages of
a farming man at $6 a month. There was no com-
parison whatever. Over and above the $6 a month,
the soldier was fed, and well fed; clothed, and well
clothed; lodged, and well lodged; cared for, and
well cared for, in sickness or accident. Out of his
$6 a month, he had no absolute necessaries to pro-
vide for at all; they were all furnished to him. Now
he (Mr. 0.) sincerely believed, that the very large
majority of farm laborers in his district did not ac-
tually obtain near so high wages as this. Yet their
work was as hard as the soldier's, in time of peace.
If we were engaged in war, and the soldier in daily
peril of his life, it would be different. He (Mr. 0.)
fully agreed with the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, that the greatest reduction should be in the
pay of officers, for there it could best be spared.
The reduction in officers' pay by this bill was
large. Whether as large as it should he, he (Mr.
0.) did not pretend to say. But the only ques-
tion at this time was a question, as one might
say, between the farmer and the soldier. The
farmer paid; the soldier received; and he did
not think the farmer ought to be called upon
to pay the soldier higher wages than he, the farmer,
received himself. The argument of the gentleman
from New Hampshire, if carried fully out, would
go to show that all members of the army, general
officers, captains, lieutenants, and privates, should
be paid just the same wages. He (Mr. 0.) believed
the disparity of pay to be too great; but he believed
no one seriously proposed a change so radical as
this. If not, and if gentlemen proposed to carry
out, generally, the principle of economy in regard to
the army, he saw no reason why a proportionate re-
duction should not be made throughout, provided
the soldier still retained a rate of wages higher than
the average of that farming community upon whom
the taxes were assessed to pay him.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said he thought the amend-
ment which he was about to offer would reconcile
all differences. He moved the following:
"That one dollar per month be paid to each sol-
dier who shall receive an honorable discharge at the
end of his term of service; and in the event of his
death, the same shall be paid to his nearest repre-
sentative."
Mr. BOWER said he had been always under
the impression that when a soldier entered the ser-
vice it it was for a specified time and for for a specified
rate of wages. He was of the opinion that it would
be doing a great injustice, therefore, to reduce that
rate during the continuance of the period. He be-
lieved there were few laboring men- who would be
willing to work at a rate of wages below twelve dol-
lars a month, and he thought that seven dollars was
a very low compensation for the soldier, who was
required to undergo a good deal of fatigue snd hard-
ship. If they were to raise the price instead of di-
minishing it, they would be more likely to secure
the services of those who were able to serve their
country.
Mr. SAMPLE inquired whether the statute which
authorized enlistments authorized also a reduction
of the allowance made to soldiers. He thought the
government had no right to impose new terms.
Mr. BLACK stated that this act, ifthe amendment
now proposed were adopted, would place the infan-
try, artillery, and riflemen, precisely on the same
footing as at present. As for the cavalry, it was
proper that they should be placed upon 'the same
level, and their pay was accordingly reduced one
dollar a month.
Mr. THOMPSON expressed himself favorable
to the amendment, inasmuch as it would leave the
compensation paid to soldiers precisely equal in
amount to what it has heretofore been.
The amendment of Mr. C. Johnson was substi-
tuted for the amendment offered by Mr. Hale, and
was adopted.
Mr. PARMENTER then moved to strike out th?
whole of the 18th section: not agreed to.
Mr. CARROLL moved that the following be ad-
ded to it:
-Nothing herein container! shall be construed to affect
the pay of any person hoiem named, during" the period of
nis present enlistment.'
The proposition was objected to, and being de-
cided out of order, was withdrawn.
Some verbal amendments were made in the 19th
section.
Mr. HALE offered an amendment to put lieu-
tenants in the marine corps on the same footing, as
to pay, as officers of the navy. When at sea, he
observed, they lived in the same mess, and we e sub-
jected to the same expenses as officers of the navy.
After a few remarks from Mr. BLACK of South
Carolina in opposition to the amendment, it was re-
jected.
