April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is r
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
much more extensively in this State than any other,
as the population of the State exceeds that of any
opier. This interest exists in all the others, per-
vades them all equally, and is equally indispensable
to them all. So far, therefore, as it is to be affected
by this legislation, it is paramount to them all, and
presents an equal claim to the watchful care of every
representatitive, come from what State, or from what
part of any State, he may.
Such was a brief view of the great interests ad-
dressing themselves to him, when called upon to act
upon the subject of the tariff. Such were the in-
terests to which he acknowledged direct responsi-
bility for his action here; and to assume that he did, or
could, feel hostility towards any one of them, would
be to assume that he did and could entertain most
unnatural feelings, without the slightest possible
foundation for them. I® proportion to the exist-
ence of these great interests in the State, he was, so
far as he knew, equally indebted to all. His per-
sonal relations towards all had ever been equally
amicable; his personal iuterests were intimately con-
nected with the prosperity and success of all; and if
his personal feelings were partial to any one, to the
prejudice of any other of them, he was entirely un-
conscious of the fact. So far as he knew himself,
he was equally disposed to do justice to every one of
these interests; and if the opinions he should ex-
press, and the policy he sheuld recommend, should
prove him mistaken in fact, he certainly was not in
the intention There might be points of eonflict be-
tween these great interests, touching our legislation
of this character; but he laid it down as a rule which
could not be mistaken, that the law, affecting all,
which was best for all collcctively, was the best and
wisest law for each interest separately considered;
for it was impossible that either could derive perma-
nent benefit from that measure which should inflict
permanent injury upon any other. Intending to pre-
serve the strictest observance of this rule, he would
proceed to the discussion.
And he would premise that it is the settled and
determined policy of the government and people of
this country to raise, by duties upon imports, so much
revenue as the public treasury shall require, and
the wants of the government, economically adminis-
tered, shall demand, beyond the permanent receipts
from the public lands. This, he believed, was
a position assented to by all, practically speaking.
There might be individuals who believed it would
be more equal, and more economical, to raise this
revenue by direct taxation upon the property of the
country, as a theoretical proposition; but he did not
suppose that a single individual in the whole coun-
try contemplated a change from this indirect, to a
system of direct, taxation, to raise the revenues ne-
cessary for the support of this government, in a time
of peace. He certainly contemplated no such change;
and he should consider any proposition to effect it
unwise, inexpedient, and wholly inadmissible.
Assuming, therefore, that this portion of our ne-
cessary revenues were to be raised by imposts, as a
permanent and settled system, he would first lay
down the rules by which hp thought these imposts
should be graduated, and by which he considered
the right and the claim to protection, on the part of
any interest, to be limited, before he examined the
present tariff law with reference to modifications.
First, then, every duty upon a protected article is
necessarily protective to some extent. It serves to
give an advantage to the producer of the article in
this country over the foreign producer, in the mar-
kets of this country; because the foreign article
must pay the duty, and the domestic article does
not. In this respect, it is immaterial whether the
producer of the article in the foreign country, or
the consumer of it in this, pay the duty. If the
former pay it, he sells his article at a less profit, or
at a loss, in consequence; while, if the domestic
consumer pay the duty, it is because it adds to the
market value of the article in this country; and in
either case, the domestic producer reaps the advan-
tage.
Second. Every duty is necessarily prohibitory to
some extent. Any branch of trade wholly tree
from taxation will necessarily be entered into more
readily, and carried on more extensively, than when
taxed; tholtgh light duties will exert a much less
proportionate prohibitory influence than heavy ones.
The capital required will be increased in about the
proportion of the duties assessed, because the im-
porter must pay the duties before he can offer his
goods in the market; and when the duties are made
heavy, the hazards of the trade are greatly increased,
from the increased outlay of capital, and the in-
creased risk of finding consumers at greatly en-
hanced prices. Hence the greater proportionate
prohibitory action of high duties.
Third. Every duty is a revenue, as contradistin-
guished from a protective duty, so long as its reve-
nue are paramount to its prohibitory powers. That
rate of duty, upon any given article of import,
which will yield the largest amount of revenue, is
the highest revenue duty which that article will bear,
and affords the highest protection which can be giv-
en to the article, when of domestic production, con-
sistently with the object of raising revenue. Any
less rate of duty upon the same article is, of course,
within the revenue range, and is a revenue duty,
though not the highest which may be imposed
to raise revenue. Up to that highest rate,
the only way to increase the amount of revenue
to be derived from the importation of the arti-
cle is to increase the rate of the duty. Within this
range, the protection afforded is incidental to the
revenue jiower of the duty; and if the revenue be re-
quired, the protection is a necessary and unavoida-
ble incident, and cannot afford just ground of com-
plaint to any interest. This he considered the true
limit of the right and claim to protection.
Fourth. Every duty is a protective, as contradis-
tinguished from a revenue duty, when its prohibi-
tory become paramount to its revenue powers.
Raise the duty upon the given article above the
highest revenue rate assumed under the last head,
and the importations ®f the articlc will be either
wholly prohibited, or so greatly diminished, that the
amount of revenue derived will be less, though the
rate of duty paid is greater. If the prohibition be
perfect, there will be no revenue. In either of these
cases, the protection to the domestic article is greater
than before supposed; but it is obtained at the sacri-
fice of revenue, not as incidental to it. The prohibi-
tory have became paramount to the revenue powers
of the duty. The positions are reversed; and the
revenue derived, if any, has become a mere incident
to the protection afforded. This is making protec-
tion the principal, and revenue the incident. It is
exercising the power which the constitution has
given to Congress, "to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises," not to put money in the pub-
lic treasury, but to prohibit imports, and diminish
the revenue for the sake of the protection afforded.
He wa£ compelled to consider it a very questionable
exercise, both in principle and expediency, of these
taxing powers.
It followed, from these positions, that free trade is
the absence of duties, ana prohibition the destruc-
tion of revenue, either of which would equally de-
stroy our system of revenue from imposts, and force
a resort to direct taxation; that a fairly arranged sys-
tem of revenue duties was the medium between
these extremes; and that such a system would ne-
cessarily extend to our domestic interests an amount
of incidental protection equal to the whole amount
of the revenue required from this source, and still
leave a healthful and stable foreign trade.
He hoped he should be understood, and that he
had been able to express the opinions he entertained
upon these points. If so, it would be seen that the
articles upon which the requisite amount of revenue
should be assessed and collected, and the rates of
duty to be imposed upon each, within the revenue
range, were, in his opinion, entirely within the dis-
cretion of the legislature, as a question of principle.
Congress had always allowed the importation of
some articles free of duty, and its right to do so had
never been questioned. Could there be any more
question of its right to impose one rate of duty upon
one article, and a different rate upon another, keep-
ing within the revenue limit in all cases: He thought
not. The imposition of duties to prohibit trade,
and defeat revenue, appeared to him to be the ground
of complaint and question; not the imposition of du-
ties to raise and collect revenue, although more heavy
upon one article than another.
The power io discriminate, then, as to the articles
to be taxed, and as to the rate of tax to be imposed
upon each, within the range of revenue duties, he
considered perfect and unquestionable; and whether
it should be exercised to favor necessaries at the ex-
pense of luxuries, the poor at the expense of the
rich, to extend incidental protection to a domes-
tic, interest against the too strong competition of
a foreign competing interest, or for any similar
object, appeared to him to be questions purely of
legislative discretion, and not at all of constitutional
Eower. He thought this point had been obscured
y confounding the limit of the power with the ob-
ject of its exercise. He did not admit the rightful
exercise of the power, beyond the revenue limit, for
any object; and within that limit, he admitted it foi-
all objects, within the reach of legislative discretion.
In this way the argument was disernbai assed frorn
all the difficulties whicli had been thrown out, about
recommending discrimination for one object, and
denying the power to exert it for another. It was
a power which, thus limited, might be greatly
abused. It might be exercised against neces-
saries to favor luxuries; against the poor to favor
the rich; against the protection of domestic interests
to favor foreign producers; or in any other perverteil
manner; but such liability to abuse_did not disprove
the existence of the power.
A single remark further would bling him to an
examination of the piactical operations of the pres-
ent law upon the trade and business of the coun-
try. It was, that, because the rule laid down recog-
nised the highest rates of duty consistent with rev-
enue to be the proper limit of legislative discretion
in arranging and imposing duties, ii did not follow
that this limit was always to be reached in fixing
the rates of duty. The state of the public treasury
and the wants of the government for proper expend-
iture, were to control that discretion within this
limit. No more revenue should be drawn from the
pockets of the people than the economical adminis-
tration of tins government renders indispensable
Wlule the revenue limit can never ' -e ex< ceded to
obtain revenue, because duties above that line pro-
hibit importation so as to diminish revalue, so du-
ties should never be imposed, withm that line, for
the mere sake of the incidental protection, when the
money to be realized from the tax is not required
for the public service.
With these limitations kent constantly in \lew,
he was now prepared to enter upon an examination
of the present tariff law, in its practical action upon
the foreign commerce of the country, os shown by
the custom-house returns made to the Treasury De-
partment, and the tables of commerce and naviga-
tion for some few years past. In the statements he
proposed to make, and theiesulta ha had arrived at,
he had depended mainly upon the documents he
had found appended to a report of the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House of Representa-
tives, made to the House oil the 11th of March
last. This report had been laid upon the
tables of the members of the Senate, and was, there-
fore, within the reach of every senator. lie fiiwl
referred them to "Appendix A," which showed that
the whole amount of the importations, for the year
commencing on the first of October, 1842, and end-
ing on the 30th September, 1843, was ^89,260,895
That of these imports, the free articles
amounted to - - - - 40.410,\JGi
Leaving the amount of articles paying
dutyat - 43,789,031
Of these dutiable sroods, those re-ex-
ported, with a drawback of the du-
ty, were - 4.363,440
Thus leaving, for the consumption of
the country, and to pay duty ill
fact, but - 44,436,41)4
The present tariff law was approved by the Pres-
ident on the 30th of August, 1842; so that the year
above given is the first and only one in which its
practical operation upon the trade of the country
can be tested by the returns.
A comparison of this yearns business with _ tne
total and dutiable importations of tile «iX previous
years will give a general view of the dimunition of
our trade under tins law. The miportai ions of those
six years weie as follows:
Years Free of duty. Pai biff duty. Total impoit.itioiis.
1S.57 v.ri r.o r.;i $.71.7-11,lsS ri":! r -i' r
lb.l-i Ii0,;htl00j Sj7,399 ! i;.7i . :-w
lf!i> 7fi,l« 8-. (190,340
1^19 1 49,94531-^ 1117 J 11. >I
1<U <3(1.019,731 W.ttiS.Uii 1 177
K-4J 39 617.4-^6 8!>,fl3l6Ul ^ h'.l 1,0 II ;7
An examination of these figures \w.[ &!io\v tlt.n
the entire importations of tile sinsie ye.'t, u idn til-
present law, are lieaily eleven millions i< than t::e
importations of 1842,'which was veiy ,.,toii i;,o
lowest of the six years; and aimea scv< .ny-ilnvu
mitltons below the importation ■ of 1-3'S, to-., higher
of those years. The changes in the i-liarj"".-r r
importations will still moie titaiiy oh;'..t_
influence of this law upon the trade. tr<!c, .
compromise act, the class of tree aii.t rs v.
very large; and during the whole ppiiou u. the . •
cidtion of that law, about one hail of thn r> ■
