474
CONGRESSIONAL GloM.
was friendly to the passage of thte bill, and should
vote for it. The courtesy ef the Senate had always
acccorded' to senators an opportunity to record their
votes against a measure which they had been in-
structed to vote Against, as was the case of the sen-
ators from Illinois. He expressed a hope, there-
fore, that the senator from Maine would withdraw
any opposition to the motion to reconsider.
After some further remarks of a conversational
character,
Mr. EVANS withdrew objection, and the vote
was reconsidered; and the question recurring on the
passage of the bill—
Mr. BUCHANAN said that he intended to vote
for the passage of the bill; and he chose to place his
vote upon the principle that an appropriation bill
was not the proper place to consider and discuss
the propriety of abolishing an institution which had to
long existed as the Military Academy at West Point.
We provided by such bills merely for the appro-
priation of the money necessary to carry into exe-
cution existing laws; but when we desired to repeal
or change these laws, we passed separate bills for
this purpose. Now (Mr. B. said) that should any
bill come before the Senate for the purpose of re-
pealing, modifying, or altering the laws establishing
the Military Academy, he would come to the con-
sideration of the subject with a mind perfectly un-
committed by the vote which he intended to give
upon the present occasion. Whilst the academy
existed under acts of Congress, especially after the
other House had passed an appropriation bill in
obedience to these acts, he would not, during their
continuance, abolish the academy suddenly and
without, consideration, by withholding the appro-
priation necessary for its support. This was not
the proper mode of accomplishing the object; and
he had always opposed such legislation in a mere
appropriation bill.
Mr. BREESK demanded the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill. They were ordered and
taken. The result was: yeas 27, nays 11, as fol-
low s:
YKAS-Mt'^rs. [!:irro\'.\ Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Buohan-
an, Choute, CU) ton, Crittenden, Evans, Foster, Krrmris,
Fulton, linger, Huntington, Jarnagin, King, McDnrtif,
IVlangum forehead, Phelps. Poitor, SevuT, Simmons,
Tallniad^r, I ph<un, Woodbndf^', and Wright— '27.
N'.Vi.S Allon, Atchison, Athorton, BdS>by,
Ihvesc, <'ulquitt, Fairfield, Hannegan, Sample, Tappan,
and Woodluir} 11.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. AVOODBK1DGK submitted the following
resolution, viz:
Ktsolrvd. That t!u> Joint Committeo on the Library in-
quire into the expediency causing to be printed the cata-
logue oi books, atlases, &c , in the War Department, or m
the se\ev;tl bureaus thereof, belonging to the, Lmted States;
with 3ea\ e to report hy hill oi otheru ise.
Mr. ALLEN made some remarks on the propri-
ety of the senator from Michigan including in the
resolution all the. other departments. At his (Mr.
A.instance a renolution was passed at the last
session of Congress, calling upon all the depart-
ments and (he Attorney General, to report to Con-
fess catalogues of the books, maps, and atlases in
their respective ollices. Reports had been received
from thiee of the departments. He su^ested,
then, that that senator should either so amend his
resolution as to include all the departments, or not
press it until a report was received from the other
department, which had failed to respond to the reso-
lution of the Senate lie had alluded to.
fSonie further remarks were made by Messrs.
ALLEN, WOOULUUDGE, and TAPl'AN, and
the resolution was postponed till to-moirow, with
the view of modifying it to meet the suggestions of
the senators from Ohm
Mr. POUTER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to, viz:
Rrsoliul, That the Secretary of War he diiected to icnd
to the Senate u copy ofarepojt lately made to the Topo-
^iriphiecd Bureau, by ( aptam George U . Hughes, m rela-
tion ta the working of copper ores
The following resolution, submitted t>y Mr. Jar-
nagin 011 yesterday, was taken up and agreed to,
viz:
That the Secretary of War report to the Senate
nn\ power of attorney from Cherokee Indians to William
H "Thomas, hied by Him in 1839; what money was paid on
them, and when, and w hy the. u hole amount was not paid;
when William H. Thomas wac appointed agent to disburse
to Cherokee* the moneys due them, how much he received,
arid the vouchers for the disbursement thereof—showing
the date of the respective payments, and to whom made;
and why it was the monej s were not paid on the power*? of
attorney, and why Thomas was appointed agent to disburse
paid moneys. The Ssawetary of War will also report copies
pj ill communications from the War Department, or Com-
missioner of Indian Aft'airs, to said William H. Thomas?, dur-
ing the years 1839, 1840, and 1841, as also all letters or com-
munications from said Thomas to the War Department or,
Commissioner of Indian Afialrs, during said years, particu-
larly those dated in July, 1840, from Asheville, North Caro-
lina.
The adverse report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, in the case of Anna Maria Baldwin, was con-
curred in by the Senate.
The bill for the relief of Caroline C. Clitherall,
the widow of Dr. George E. Clitherall, late a sur-
geon in the army of the United States, was read the
third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the previ-
ous orders of the day were postponed, and the bill
for the relief of the heirs of Christopher Miller was
taken up as in committee of the whole, considered,
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration, as in com-
mittee of the whole, of the bill making appropria-
tions for fortifications for the fiscal year commen-
cing on the 1st July, 1844, and ending 30th June,
1845.
Mr. SEVIER submitted the following amend-
ment: to add to the appropriations, for Fort Smith,
$30,000; for Fort Gibson, $15,000; for Fort Tow-
son, $6,000.
After some prefatory remarks, Mr. S. explained
the importance and necessity for this amendment.
He had shaped it in conformity with what he had
observed to be the policy of the bill—to call for only
about half the sums actually required.
After a few explanations by Messrs. SEVIER
and FULTON, m answer to inquiries made
by Messrs. EVANS and CRITTENDEN, the
amendment was adopted.
Mr. BARROW commented at some length on
the appropriations, contrasted with the estimates;
and, m reference to so much as refers to the State
of Louisiana, lie stated that, as an act of jus-
tice and strict economy, in was necessary, for
at least one of them, to enlarge the appropri-
ation. He alluded to the appropriation of $40,000
for Fort Livingston, Grand Terre island, Barra-
tana bay, Louisiana. The estimate of the prop,
er officer of the government for the necessary pur-
pose of keeping the work in progress, so as to
avoid absolute loss, was $55,000. Why $15,000
should have been cut off in this instance he was
wholly at a loss to discover. He moved, therefore,
to substitute $55,000 for $40,000 in that appropria-
tion.
Mr. EVANS said it seemed to him that the
principle adopted by the House was to cut down
the estimates about 50 per cent.; in some instances
a little nioie, and in others a little less. He sup-
posed this was done simply m a spirit of economy
and retrenchment. The estimates of the War De-
partment contained projects for new works. The
Finance Committee had nothing to do with them,
its duty being confined to works authorized by ex-
isting laws, and already in progress. The estimates
not authorized by Congress were consequently left
out. He agreed with the Senator from Louisiana
in most of what he had said. He was in favor of
completing works authorized, as soon as possible,
belie\nig it was the best economy. Works some-
times cost -25 pei cent, more by delay than they
would have done had they been completed at once,
lie gave some instances of false economy, in not
making full appropriations in the beginning; not
that it was necessary to spend the whole in one
year, but that it might be known beforehand how
much was to lie expended. With regard to this
amendment, all he had to say was, that the same
reasons which were good in favor of it would apply
to every other appropriation in the bill. The view
the House evidently took, was, to curtail operations,
and spread the expenditures over a longer period
of time. Tie apprehended that no amendments
increasing the appropriations would be acceptable to
the other House. If the sum now appropriated for
Fort Livingston should not be found sufficient, it
would be known in time for the next session of
Congress, when the necessary correction could be
made by a further appropriation.
Mr. BARROW explained that this was a new
work, advanced as yet but very little; still it was in
sucli a condition that an insufficient appropriation
to carry it on would really prove the worst possible
economy. He read part of a report on the subject,
to show that such would be the effect. He did not
ask any additions to the appropriations made by
the bill for Fort Pike and Fort Jackson. He was
content to let the appropriations for them stand.
He called for the yeas ana nays on this amendment,
which were ordered.
Mr. KING asked the senator's attention to the
fact that, with the balance of the former appropria-
tion ($18,000) and the sum allowed by this bill
($40,000)^the work for the first two quarters of the
fiscal year would be amply provided for—it can be
carried on till after the next session of Congress.
On looking to the report, he found there was doubt
of the soundness of the foundation which rendered
it necessary to have time to test what weight it
would bear before more was done. If the
works in all sections of the country were to
be carried on upon fair principles it should be
under the same rule.. He did not concur with the
senator from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] that it is prudent
to complete in a hurried manner such works as are
authorized. Delay was often advantageous, partic-
ularly in such instances as that he had alluded to,
where an improper or unsafe foundation might involve
great loss.
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
12, nays 17, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barrow, Bates, Crittenden,
Foster, Francis, Huger, Jarnagin, Porter, Tallmadge, Up-
ham, and "VToodbridge—12.
NAYS—Messrs.jAUen, Atherton, Bagby, Bayard, Breese
Buchanan, Clayton, Colquitt, Evans, Farfield, Hannegan
King, McDuftie, Scrapie, Sevier, "Woodbury, and Wright—IT
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BARROW said Fort Jesup, one of the forts on
the border of the Indian country, had been left out
of the bill. He called the attention of the senators
from Arkansas to this fact. He moved, from a sense
of duty, without caring much about the fate of the
amendment, that an additional appropriation be
made, as follows:
For completing the public buildings at Fort Jesup,
$8,000.
Mr. SEVIER approved of the amendment, and
recommended its adoption.
Mr. EVANS said it stood on the same footing as
the amendment made by the senator from Arkan-
sas, and he should not, therefore, oppose it. He
considered it necessary, in view of the remounted
regiment being quartered there. It was desirable that
the barracks should be put in pr oper repair.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked what was the use of
the fort?
Mr. SEVIER explained.
Mr. KING compared the estimates, as reported,
with the letter of the quartermaster general, in which
$8,000 is supposed to be necessary for the repairs
of these barracks; but lie found that, although the
quartermaster general refers to the engineer depart-
ment for the estimate, the engineer department had
notfrncntioned Fort Jesup at all. It seemed to be
working in the dark to go upon the mere hint of
the quartermaster general. He held it was improper
to make appropriations without specific estimates
from the authorized department of the government.
He did not doubt that a small appropriation was
necessary; but, on the whole, he believed the safest
course was to take the bill as it came from the
House. Reasons might have existed theie for leav-
ing out Fort Jesup.
Mr. EVANS imagined the senator from Alabama
fell into a slight error in supposing it was customa-
ry for the engineer department to estimate for bar-
racks; it was only for works of defence that depart-
ment estimated. The name Fort Jessup'was not
strictly descriptive of this point; it is a place where
a barrack is erected.
Mr. ARCHER said he had been at Fort Jessup;
and his impression was, that it would very soon
have to be abandoned by the United States as use-
less or unnecessary. The country around it was
fast filling up with a population sufficient to protect
themselves. The barrack, when he saw it, a few
years ago, seemed to him to be in very good repair.
He thought it was unnecessary to spend more
money upon it.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested that it was probable
the repair of the barrack would be provided for m
the army bill.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
The bill was reported back to the Senate; and the
amendment made, on motion of Mr. SEVIER, was
concurred in.
It was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
and at a subsequent stage of the proceedings the bill
was read a third time, and passed.
