490
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
exhibit very different prohibitory effects, as between
the different articles. He recalled this allusion now,
for the mere purpose of deducing from it the posi-
tion, that discrimination, as to the rates of duty,
within the revenue principle, and revenue range of
duties, as he had denned them, would be, found not
merely admissible, but absolutely necessary, both
for the accumulation of revenue, and for the benefit
of trade, even if no other considerations in favor of
discrimination should be considered.
He had also alluded to these comparative exami-
nations to show that the specific duties of the present
law, as a general remark, and any system of specific
duties so arranged, as well as the principle of min-
imume, must make the tax unequal and unjust;
must bear the most heavily upon the most common
and cheap article falling under a given duty, and
therefore most heavily upon the poor and laboring
classes. He was not prepared to say that, with per-
fect and minute information in all the manufacturing
branches, a system of specific duties could not be
arranged, which would be just and equal in this
sense; but he was prepared to say that, with
the information at present possessed by himself, and
he believed by Congress as a body, or by any one
of its committees, such a system could not be
proposed as would avoid this radical and fatal
defect. He said fatal defect; for he held that to be
so, in any legislation upon this subject, which taxed
labor to the relief of capital, and imposed double
the rate of duty upon poverty which "was exacted
from wealth. That was the effect of our specific
duties. Take the cotton cloths. He. who can pur-
chase and wear qualities worth more than 20 or 30
cents by the square yard, pays a duty of 30 per
cent., while he who must purchase and wear such
qualities as can be purchased from 6 to 10 cents,
must pay three times that duty. He could not bet-
ter illustrate the practical operation of this descrip-
tion of tax, upon the laboring classes, than to bor-
row the illustration of a witness examined before
a committee of the British Parliament, he believed
in the year 1842. The witness said, if the coat of
the man of capital was taxed too high, he had only
to take a coat of an inferior quality, and procure it
for the same money he had been accustomed to pay
for his coat, though he would not have one quite so
fine, if just as warm. Not so with the laborer. He
wears the cheapest he can get, under any state of
the taxation; and that coat he must have, be the tax
what it may, because he cannot fall back upon an
article of inferior quality, or less heavily taxed.
This would not apply to our woollens, because,
though taxed heavily, they were taxed equally, by
a uniform ad valorem duty; but it did apply to the
coarse cottons, and especially to the whole class of
fustians, which were the peculiar clothing of the la-
boring classes of the cities and manufacturing dis-
tricts.
He would now proceed to examine the influence
of these high and prohibitory duties upon the great
branches of industry of the country; and
First: Upon manufactures. The manufacturers
themselves pray for stability in our legislation upon
this subject. They say that their interests are best
promoted by regularity and permanency, and that
the fluctuations consequent upon changing legisla-
tion, are, almost, more injurious, than the protection
they receive is beneficial, to their employments.
This is to say, they want a moderate and reasonable
system, not a prohibitory one; for they cannot but
know that extremes in our rates of duty, be they
too high, or too low, must themselves compel change.
If too high, our commerce must be destroyed, and
discontents thus engendered, or a surplus of
revenue must be thrown into the public treas-
ury, and a reduction of duties thus compelled;
while, if too low, the necessities of that treasury
will speedily force a change in an upward direction.
It is the moderate, reasonable, revenue system
alone, which can be stable. Based upon the wants
of the treasury, and wisely and justly arranged, with
reference to all the great interests of the country,
there is no reason why, in times of peace, such a
system should not be stable; because the wants of
that treasury are not subject, at such periods, to ma-
terial changes. The incidental protection afforded,
by such a system, to one interest, and the incidental
burden thrown upon another, would form no just
subject of complaint to either. The tax would be
necessary for the support of the government, and all
would concede the justice and wisdom of so distrib-
uting the taxation, as to make it the least burden-
some to all, as one entire whole. Not so when the
tax is imposed for protection, and not for revenue.
Then it is a burden imposed upon one interest,
solely for the benefit of another; the supply of die
common treasury ceasing to be the regulator of the
tax. Under such a system, contentment cannot be
expected, or even hoped for; and, under a govern-
ment resting upon the popular will, constant
changes, and extreme fluctuations, must and will,
be its fruit.
To the manufacturing interest, then, if stability
be the most important element in its protection, the
revenue arrangement of duties presents the most im-
portant and desirable system. It alone presents a
national, instead of a sectional, basis for the arrange-
ment of our duties upon imports; it alone presents
an object—the supply of the national treasury—
equally interesting to all, and equally controlling
with all; it alone appeals to the whole public mind
for approbation, and alone, therefore, can assure the
promise of contentment and stability. It offers to
this interest that degree of protection which the col-
lection of revenue, for the support of the common
government, will afford, and leaves the discrimina-
tions, within that limit, to the common legislature,
but rejects prohibitions, destructive to itself, to favor
any interest. Is this right' Is it best for all? If so,
is it not the best system for the manufacturing in-
terest itself?
He had, in the preceeding remarks, treated the
duty upon imports as a tax, and he had intended,
by the term, a tax upon the consumer, ill this coun-
try, of the article of import upon which the duty
was imposed. He had not been unaware that this
raised the question, who must pay this duty? This
question he did not intend to avoid, nor did he in-
tend to discuss it. He had heard too many discus-
sions, upon legislation of this sort, not to know that
this point presented an interminable field for argu-
ment. That broad field he had not the qualifica-
tions, even if he had the disposition, to enter; and
his object, therefore, was rather to make one or two
inquiries, to elicit information, than to controvert
any position wliiah had been, or which might be,
taken in the course of the debate.
He would merely premise that it was claimed, in
favor of the protection to the manufacturing inter-
ests of this country, which it was supposed to be
the duty of Congress to extend, that the foreign
producer, and not the domestic consumer, would be
the real payer of our duty. That position he would
assume to be the true one, and would illustrate his
inquiry by taking a supposed case, based upon it.
He would suppose, for the sake of the illustration,
that our trade, for the year 1842, was perfectly free
of all duties upon imports; that A. B , a merchant
of the city of New York, imported, during that
year, 50,000 yards of woollen cloths, which cost
him, delivered at the custom-house in New York,
$100,000. He sold these cloths in that market, du-
ring that year. In consequence of his low sales,
the manufactures of woollens of this country came
to Congress, and prayed a duty upon woollen
cloths, to protect their interests; and Congress, con-
sidering their prayer reasonable and proper, and re-
quiring a revenue from this importation, imposed a
duty upon the importation of woollen cloths, of the
year 1843, of 25 per cent. The same merchant
goes to Liverpool, in the year 1843, and tells his
English manufacturer, "I want the same quantity
of cloth which I purchased of you last year; but I
cannot pay you the same price for it, because my
government has imposed a duty of25 per cent, upon
its value, which I must pay to its custom-house, be-
fore I can offer the cloth in my market. Last year,
you gave me 50,000 yards for $100,000, and the oper-
ation was a fair one in my trade; but, as I must pay,
this year, £25,000 in duties upon the same purchase,
I cannot give you but §75,000 for the 50,000 yards."
The English manufacturer replies, "very well, sir,
we cannot lose your market; and, if your govern-
ment has taxed our cloths, as you say, we must as-
sume the tax. We must let you have the same
50,000 yards of cloth for $75,000 this year, which
we sold to you last year for $100,000." The mer-
chant takes the cloth, pays the $75,000, brings it to
New York, pays his $25,000 of duties at the custom
house there, and offers his cloths in the same mar-
ket as last year. How can he sell' The cost to him
last year was $100,000, paid to the foreign manufac-
turer. The cost, this year, is $75,000 paid to the
manufacturer, and $25,000 paid to our custom-
house, making $100,000 in all; and can he not sell at
the same pricts as last year? Most certainly he can;
and, in that case, what protection does the manufac-
turer of cloths in this country derive from the duty?
Certainly none. If the foreign article can be brought
here, and sold in our markets as cheap as before the
duty, he derives no direct benefit from the tax. It
is a diminution of the profits of the foreign manufac-
turer, or his loss, if you please; but the domestic
manufacturer takes nothing by it, if the price of his
product is not raised in our markets, or if the foreign
competing product is not excluded. And in the sup-
posed case, where the foreign producer pays the
duty, beyond question neither of these consequences
follow from it, as direct protection. It will not do,
then, as a principle, to say that we can impose du-
ties upon the foreign producer to protect our manu-
facturers, if commerce survives, and imports contin-
ue; because the case supposed demonstratively shows
that, while the foreign producer pays the duty and
sends the goods, the cost in our market, and to our
consumer, is not enhanced, and that the market
itself is as open to the foreigner as it was before the
duty. In these cases there is no effective protection
to the domestic manufacturer. Prohibition must
take place, or the price must be raised in our mar-
kets, as effects of the duty, or our manufacturer de-
rives no benefit from it.
He would make another illustration upon the
other side of the argument. Take the same sup-
posed case, except to assume that the consumer, m
our country, pays the whole duty Then the New
York merchants pays the British manufacturer the
$100,000 for his cloth, as he did the previous year.
Ill addition to this, he pays the $25,000 duties at
the New York custom-house, and places his cloths
upon his shelves for sale at the cost of $125,000, in-
stead of $100,000, as in the last year. The duty
has raised the price in our markets to its extent, and
the merchant finds ready purchasers at the en-
hanced price. Is our manufacturer then protected?
"What is to hinder that same British manufacturer
from sending to New York as many cloths as he
can sell? and how does the duty injure him? He is
compelled to pay, at our custom-house, the $25,000
of duties upon the $100,000 worth of cloths; but as
he sells for $125,000, he can do this and still take
his $100,000 home with him, which was all he ask-
ed before the duty. At this price, then, there is no
protection to the domestic manufacturer; but as soon
as the price recedes from the $125,000, for the sup-
posed quality of cloths, he is protected, because the
foreigner must pay the $25,000 of duties while he
pays nothing. If both sell an equal lot of cloths
for $120,000, as the duty remains the same, the for-
eigner must pay $25,000 of his purchase money to
the custom-house for duties, nnd gets but $95,000
for his cloths; while the domestic manufacturer gets
the whole $120,000, no tax having been imposed
upon his production. The protection is, therefore,
all effective protection to him of 25 per cent., a part
of the tax falling upon the foreign producer, and
the remainder upon the domestic consumers.
Upon these illustrations, ho wished to propound
the following inquiries, to be answered by those
who had studied tins subject more deeply than him-
self. Did they not show, beyond the power of ques-
tion, that while the foreigner would consent to pay
the whole duty, his goods could be sold in our mar-
kets as cheap as before any duty was imposed; and
that, although he might fill our treasury, there was
no direct protection to the domestic manufacturer?
That, upon the other side, if the whole duty fell up-
on the domestic consumer, and the price of the
goods were raised in our markets to the extent of
the duty, the foreigner could afford to send his
goods here, pay our duty, and supply our market, as
well as when there was no duty, thus presenting no
effective protection, at this point' And did it not
necessarily follow, from these two positions, that
the effective protection to our manufacturer was only
when the payment of the duty was divided between
the foreign producer and the domestic consumer? and
that the larger the share, less than the whole, which
the market imposed upon the consumer, the better
for his interest, because that was the government of
his price, and the measure of his direct protection?
Was it not true, that he had no other benefit from
that portion of the duty paid by the foreign producer,
than as it made our markets less desirable, and less
profitable to him, because that went to depress the
price here, and only that portion paid by the con-
sumer was added to it?
Was not this a clear illustration of the protection
afforded by a revenue duty? and did it not show that
such protection was, and must be, effective, unless
so light that the foreigner could afford to pay the
whole of it, and thus keep exclusive possession of
our markets? These appeared to him to be unavoid-
able conclusions from the reasoning, while the raeas-
