April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
ure he had prescribed for revenue duties would seem
to be such as to enable the legislature to keep the
competition open and healthful upon both sides,
without granting prohibition to one, and visiting
exclusion upon the other, or giving monopoly to
either.
He was aware that human wisdom, without prac-
tical experience, could not tell what was the extreme
revenue point, as to any rate of duty, much less as
to the arrangement of an entire tariff; but he believed
an approximation could be made from the informa-
tion already within our reach, which might be cor-
rected , after the operations of trade should have point-
ed out its errors, without causing changes seriously
detrimental to any interest. His examinations had
satisfied him that a range of duties from 25 to 33 per
cent, were as high as most ai tides of import would
bear, consistently with the revenue principle.
There might be exceptions, and he thought, if
there were, that iron and sugar were the prin-
cipal articles. These had, for a long time, under
our legislation, borne very heavy duties, and
continued to be largely imported, and to be very
prolific of revenue. Still he thought the examina-
tions he had made had conclusively shown that the
rates of duty, under the present law, were too pro-
hibitory upon these important articles for revenue
duties. The trade in the former had fallen off, upon
an average, about 65 per cent., and in the latter 48
per cent., as compared with the year preceding the
passage of that law. It might not be necessary to
bring them down to the rates he had named to pre-
serve the revenne principle, but he was satisfied that
a material reduction was demanded for that pur-
pose.
The rates he had moved were a quarter and a
third of the value of the property to be taxed; and
was not that taxation enough, as a general rale, for
reasonable protection? Would not as large a share
of that tax fall upon the consumers, the whole peo-
ple of the country, as they ought to pay to sustain
the manufacturing interest?
Second, upon commerce. The influence of high
and prohibitory duties upon this great and essential
interest cannot be otherwise than deeply injurious.
They act directly upon trade, and tend to. force it
from its natural channels, and to diminish its vol-
ume and expansion; and, in that way, to the extent
of their influence, strike at the life of commerce.
Stability is most essential to healthful commerce,
and fluctuations interrupt its channels, increase its
hazards, and render it fitful and sickly. Very high
duties occasion extreme fluctuations, and prohibi-
tory duties destroy trade, and put an end to com-
merce. The examinations he had made, and the
results he had exhibited, of the influence of the
present law upon trade—upon the importations—
were an exhibition of its influence upon the com-
mercial interest.
The imposition of all duties operated directly up-
on trade and commerce, and could not benefit either.
Upon them the tax was more directly felt than upon
any Other interests; because by them the capita]
must be raised to first meet the payment, and upon
them the whole influence was concentrated, who-
ever might eventually refund to them the duties
paid. Still he did not believe that moderate, rea-
sonable, stable duties, such as would be imposed
within a wise and just revenue arrangement, would
be severely oppressive upon the commercial inter-
est, or would be seriously complained of by it.
This interest should bear its share of the common
burdens, and, fairly treated, it was as able, and he
believed as willing, to bear it, as any other interest,
It had a right, however, to claim exemption from
the oppression of duties not required for revenue,
and not imposed to collect it; and from prohibitions,
which were its destruction. Under any stable, well
and wisely arranged revenue system, it could bear
the burden of collecting the revenue, which the
country should require from customs, and could pre-
serve health, activity, and vigor; but under a system
of prohibitions, and strongly prohibitory duties, in-
jurious both to revenue and trade, it must be sickly,
'fitful, feeble, and hazardous. Constant changes
from extteme to extreme, and constant agitation,
were no better for commerce—perhaps much worse.
That system of duties -which would produce general
contentment with ail interests, and could therefore
be stable, was alone consistent with the prosperity
of commerce; and that, lie believed, would be found
in a fair revenue system.
Third, upon agriculture. The influence of the
present tariff law upon the agricultural interest was
the most important consideration, because it is the
basis of all the other interests, and, in our country,
more important than all others. The great mass of
our people are engaged in this interest, are depend-
ent upon it for their subsistence and their comforts,
and cannot fail to suffer from whatever is injurious
to it. Indeed, none of our other great interests can
long flourish under any system from which it mate-
rially suffers. Its firm prosperity is indispensable
to their continued health; and its languishmment
must soon be followed by their decline, in spite of
the power of partial legislation.
The situation of our country most invites, and its
true interests most require, the wide extension and
firm advancement of this great interest. Our vast
unsettled domain is an unproductive waste, no matter
how naturally fertile the soil, until agricultural labor
reaches and subdues it, and changes that waste into
fruitful fields. Hence, the influence of our legisla-
tion of this character upon the interests of agricul-
ture becomes doubly important, and has a national,
as well as an individual, consequence, paramount to
that which attaches to any other of the great in-
terests.
Under this sense of the importance of the exami-
nation he was prosecuting, he hoped the Senate
would bear with him while he made a detailed, and
somewhat minute, inquiry into the influences of this
legislation upon the products of agriculture.
He would take first the article of wool. This is an
important production of agriculture, over a very large
extent of the countiy, and a principal staple m sev- -
eral of the States. The extent and importance of
the interest, as well as the great worth of the wool-
growers as a class of our citizens, entitles this arti-
cle to all the consideration and protecting care which
Congress can justly give to any article, or any in-
terest.
How, then, was the value of wool in this country,
at the present time, compared with the value of simi-
lar qualities of the same article in other wool-grow-
ing countries? He did not refer to South America,
Smyrna, and like regions, where the sheep was per-
mitted to range uncontrolled and without care, and
where the principal value given to the wool was the
cost of taking the animal and cutting off the fleece;
but to England, Spain, Saxony, and other countries,
where wool-growing was made a business of care-
ful cultivation. He could not answer the question
he had asked, as applicable to the present time; but
he held in his hand a volume of testimony, taken
before the Committee on Manufactures of the House
of Representatives, during the sessions of Congress
of 1827-'28, from which it appeared that wool of
the same quality was, then, from 50 to 70 per cent,
higher in this country than in England.
[Mr. Wricht here referred to the evidence, and
read from the testimony of several witnesses to sus-
tain his assertion.]
His examinations had established another fact,
which was that Spain, Saxony, and all the other
wool-growing countries of the continent of Europe,
exported wool to England, showing that they pro-
duced the article cheaper than it was produced in
England, and could afford to sell in the English
markets. These importations it had not been, at
any time, the policy of England to prohibit; and, for
the benefit of her manufactures, they had usually
been permitted entirely free, or at a very light duty.
Wool, then, was higher m our markets than m
those of any other country where the article was
cultivated, and where the finer and richer qualities
were produced. What was now the difference be-
tween the prices of fine wools in our markets and in
those of England, he did not know; but he did not
suppose it was anything like as much as the wit-
nesses referred to had stated it to be in 1828. In-
deed, he doubted, at that time, whether the wit-
nesses had not made a high estimate of that differ-
ence, because it appeared to him that importations
would have been greater if the difference in price
had remained, for any considerable period, as great
as they supposed it to be.
Be that as it may, his object in making these ref-
erences, and stating these facts, was to inquire
whether any senator supposed we could, by our le-
gislation, maintain wool at a valuation in this coun-
try from 50 to 70 per cent, above that of all other
wool-growing countries? and whether any senator
believed we ought to do that, if we could do it' lie
did not think we should do this, if we could; be-
cause, if we gave wool lliat artificial value above the
markets of the world, we must give the same in-
creased value to woollen cloths, and other manufac-
tures of wool, or otherwise we should make the de-
struction of its manufacture in the country certain;
and there would be no market, and no price for "our'
wool but the exporting price; and if we must add
from 50 to 70 per cent, to the cost of all the manu-
factures of wool, beyond what they might be pur-
chased for abroad, merely to keep the price of wool
in this country up to this high mark', he thought the
tax would be too heavy for the object; because all
must wear woollen goods, while few, in the compar-
ison, would grow wool. He did not, however, think
we could accomplish this object, if we should try to
do it. There was no portion of the stock of the'
farmer which could be so easily and so rapidly in-
creased as his flocks of sheep, and with so little out-
lay of capital; and there was scarcely an improved
county in the whole Union where sheep could not
be well and easily grown. If, therefore, we 3hould
give to this branch of agricultural industry this great'
advantage, and these exorbitant profits, ■ how very
soon would domestic -competition overstock the
market, and bring down the price? It was impossi-
ble, in a country like this, by the power of legisla-
tion, or by any other power, to maintain any one
branch of human industry in the possession and en-
joyment of such an advantage. It was fortunate
that it was so; or otherwise, the temptations to un-
just and partial legislation would be too fearful, and
the oppressions from it might become wholly insup-
portable.
He was willing to extend to the American wool-
grower such fair and reasonable protection as our
necessities for revenue would warrant—say 30 per
cent.; and was not that reasonable protection to our
farmers, who choose the business of wool-growing?
Was not §30 in every $100 a reasonable advantage,
compared with those engaged in other branches of
farming, who could not be protected at all? Was
it not a3 high a tax for their benefit as the pub-
lic would be contented to bear? Was it not as
strong encouragement as the business would war-
rant, without inviting so many to it as to over-
stock our markets, and render the protection use-
less?—for all would see that, when they should be
compelled to seek an export market, our duty would
not aid them. He was compelled to say he thought
this degree of protection would better promote the
interests of our wool-growers than a higher, or more
prohibitory duty; because it would be stable, the
revenue being necessary; and because, admitting a
moderate foreign competition at the great disadvan-
tage of $30 in the $100, it would not invite that flood
of domestic competition, which perfect prohibition
would be almost certain to bring upon them, and the
consequent extreme fluctuation which over compe-
tition never fails to produce. He believed our wool-
growers would be satisfied with this degree of pro-
tection, if the taxes upon the articles they were
compelled to purchase and consume were propor-
tionately reduced.
Hemp. This is another agricultural production
within the reach of protection, or which has been
hitherto so considered. \ et it would be seen that
the present duty upon this article, upon the actual
importations for the three quarters of 1843, was only
equal to an ad valorem rate of 32 per cent., and if
put, therefore, at 30 per cent., the reduction could
not be material. The present duties upon some of
the manufactures of hemp were enormous, while
others were low revenue duties. The duties actual-
ly paid upon untarred cordage and yarn were 174
and 199 per cent., while those paid upon sail duck
were but 22 per cent. These were inequalities for
which there could be no reason, connected with a
proper protection to the agricultural production.
He was not acquainted with this branch of agri-
culture, but he had understood that the difficulty did
not arise in the growing of hemp; that our soils were
as rich and suitable, and produced the crop as
easily and abundantly, as those of any other coun-
try; but that we either did not possess the skill, or
were not willing to use it, because it was injurious
to health, properly to rot the hemp for exposed
uses. Our hemp-growers practised the dew-rotting,
while the water-rotting was said to be indispensa-
ble for durability, when put to exposed uses, such
as sails, cordage, and the like. He did not sup-
pose any one expected, by any degree of protection,
to force our dew-rotted hemp to these uses; and he
had never been able to perceive how any duty we
mio-ht impose was to ghe us the skill, if we have
ii not, to water-rot our hemp; or, if we have the
skill, and will not use it, because the process is an
unhealthy one, how an increase of duty was to
change that disposition. He had never understood
that the question was one of expense, and, for that
season, requiring protection; and he was happy to
