478
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ton and 101 others, citizens of Ohio, praying for the estab-
lishment of a mail" route from Uniontown, Muskingum
county, to Logan, in Hocking county: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. TILDEN: The memorial of Fred. Wadsworth
and others, citizens of Akron, Ohio, praying against the en-
actment of any law changing the present tariff on imports.
The memorial of O. E. Huntington, upon the same subject:
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means. The memo-
rial of Professor L. P. Hickok and others, of the Western
Reserve College, Ohio, praying for the reduction of post-
age on all letters to five cents, and for the abolition of the
franking privilege: referred to the Committee oil the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. C. M ftEED: The remonstrance of D. "W. Foster
and 49 citizens of Claiion county, Pennsylvania, against
any alteration of the present tariff, under which commerce
is reviving and the revenue increased. The petition of tr.
J. Purcell and 89 citizens of Strattonville, Clarion county,
remonstrating against any change in the present tarift.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 4, 1844.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented two memorials
from the State of New York, remonstrating against
any alteration in the present tariff: referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The joint resolution from the House respecting
the application of certain appropriations heretofore
made, was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BREESE, on leave, introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the sale of the reserved lands in the State
of Illinois, and Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa,
supposed to contain lead ore; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented six memorials, the
same in character as a great number he had already
Eresented on the subject Wthe tariff, asking that it
e retained, unless experience demonstrated that it
ought to be changed: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, the petition of Eliza M. Cloud, a widow of
a deceased naval surgeon, asking for a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. FOSTER presented a petition from citizens
of Rutherford county, Tennessee, praying for a re-
duction of the rates of postage, and a restriction on
the franking privilege: referred to the Committee on
the Post Officg and Post Roads.
Mr. HUGER presented a petition from Sarah
Cordoza, the widow of a deceased revolutionary
soldier, praying for a pension: referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. FRANCIS presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Oneida county, New York, praying that no
alteration may be made in the existing tariff: refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. BREESE gave notice that he would on to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal all acts
and part of acts relating to the Military Academy at
West Point, New York.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of citizens of
Illinois, asking for a grant of land for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Wabash river; and
it was referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. WHITE presented a petition upon the sub-
ject of a grant of land to complete the construction
of the Wabash and Erie canal; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
The bill for the benefit of the heirs of Christopher
Miller was read the third time, and passed.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Wood-
bridge yesterday, instructing the Committee on
the Library to inquire into the propriety of causing
a catalogue of books, atlases, &e. in the War De-
partment, or in the several bureaus thereof, belong-
ing to the United States, to be printed, came up for
consideration.
Mr. ALLEN remarked that catalogues had been
reported, (in response to the resolution adopted by
the Senate last session, at his (Mr. A's.) instance,
from the War and Navy Departments, and the
Office of the Attorney General. The resolution
alluded to embraced a call upon the State, Treasury,
and Post Office Departments. These departments
have not reported. He (Mr. A.) proposed to sub-
mit a resolution, calling on them to know the reason
of the delay, and when it was likely they would
respond to the call made at the last session. He
Wsferred that the senator from Michigan, [Mr.
oopBWDGE,] should let his resolution lie on the
table until a response was made to the resolution,
which he (Mr. A.) proposed to submit.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE acquiesced in the
tion; and the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from cit-
izens of Richmond, Virginia, praying that Congress
will not pass any law in favor of an international
copyright law: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
NAVAL DEPOT IN THE WEST.
Mr. FOSTER moved that the previous orders of
the day be postponed, with the view of taking up
the bill for the establishment of a naval depot and
dock yard at Memphis, Tennessee.
Mr. BREESE urged upon the Senate the propri-
ety of permitting the bill to lie until senators had
time to examine a document just laid on their tables
this morning, on the subject of a naval depot on the
western waters; which document had been ordered
to be printed on the suggestion of the Naval Commit-
tee. He saw no necessity of giving this bill pre-
cedence of other important measures on the calen-
dar; especially as there was no great or pressing
emergency for its passage then, or even at this ses-
sion. He expressed a wish that it might be
permitted to take its turn on the calendar. He
was opposed to incurring an expenditure of $100,-
000, as was proposed by this bill, for the establish-
ment of a naval depot at Memphis, before a scien-
tific examination had been made, by competent au-
thorized engineers, not only as to the fitness of that
place, but other points, on the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers. He hoped the bill would not be taken up.
Mr. TAPPAN urged, as another reason why it
should not then be taken up, that the senators from
Mississippi, who took great interest in the subject,
were not m their places.
Mr. FOSTER spoke at some length against any
further delay of the bill. He viewed the proposed
work as an important public measure, which should
have precedence of other bills in advance of it on
the calendar. If the bill was taken up, he would
not press final action upon it, in the absence of the
senators from Mississippi. The amendments pend-
ing could be discussed and disposed of, and then
the bill could be postponed.
Mr. KING suggested that those senators who
were absent might desire, in the progress of action
on those amendments, to submit others, to modify
or alter them. He therefore saw an impropriety in
taking up the bill in their absence. He was op-
posed to taking it up then; but, if the motion were
waived until they appeared in their seats, he would
then vote for it.
The question was then put, and carried in the af-
firmative; and the bill to establish a navy yard and
depot at or adjacent to the city of Memphis, on the
Missisippi river, was taken up as in committee of
the whole—the question pending being the follow-
ing, reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
as a substitute for the bill originally introduced by
the senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Foster,] viz:
That the President of the United States bp, and he is here-
by, authorized to select and purchase a site for a navy yard
and depot at the city of Memphis, in the State of Tennessee,
and to erect such buildings and make such improvements
thereon as maybe necessary for the constiuction and re-
pair, and for the accommodation and supply, of vessels of
war of the United States; and that the Fiesident be author-
ized and empowered to purchase any water rights which
may be required to propel the machinery appertaining to
.said navy j ard, or which may be useful in the operations of
said navy yard, and that he be further empowered to re-
ceive any donations of land, water rights, or rights of wav.
which the authorities of the city of Memphis, or any other
body corporate, or any peison or persons, may deem proper
to make or grant to the government of the United States,
and that the sum of one hundred thousand dollars be ap-
piupnated to the objects aforesaid, out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. POSTER inquired of the senator from Il-
linois, [Mr. Breese,] whether he proposed to amend
the amendment, or intended to offer a subsitute for
the entire bill.
Mr. BREESE replied that he proposed to strike
out all the bill after the enacting clause, and to sub-
stitute the following;, viz:
That for the purpose of selecting a suitable site for a
naval depot and yard at some point on the western waters,
the President of the United States be. and he is hereby, au-
thorized to select an officer of the navy of the rank of post
captain, and such skilful and competent topographical engi-
neei or engineers as he may designate to be associated with
such naval officer, whose duty it shall be to make an accu-
rate, minute, and scientific examination ot some point at or
near the mouth of the Ohio, of Memphis, in the State of
Tennessee; and of Natchez, 111 the State of Mississippi, with
a view solely to the capabilities and advantages of each of
said places for a naval depot and yard, for building, equip-
ping, furnishing, and repairing steam ships and other vessels
of war for the use of the navy of the United States; who
shall report to Congress, at its next session, a detailed and
faithful statement of the several advantages and capabil-
ities of each of the said- points, and a separate detailed
statement and estimate of the expense attending the con-
struction of said depot and yard, basing the same upon ac-
curate scientific examinations and surveys, to be made by
said engineer or engineers, under the superintendence of
the officer of the navy to be appointed as aforesaid; and.
for the purposes aforesaid, the sum of hve thousand dol-
lars be, and the same is hereby, _ appropriated out of any
money m the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Amend the title of the bill as follows:
A bill to provide for a scientific examination and survey
of certain points on the western waters, with a view to the
selection of a suitable place for a naval depot and yard.
Mr. BREESE remarked that he did not expect
the question to come up to-day. The amendment
he had offered, however, would speak for itself.
The bill proposed to appropriate $100,000 for the
purchase of a site for a naval depot and dock-yard at
the city of Memphis, in the State of Tennessee, and
to crect buildings and make improvements thereon.
His substitute proposed to appropriate $5,000 for a.
scientific examination and survey of some point ou
the Ohio river, of Memphis, Tennessee, and Natchez,
Mississippi, with the view of establishing a depot. It
was a fact, that the point at which the bill pro-
posed to establish the depot—Memphis—had never
received a scientific examination. It was true
that a post captain £had authorizedly under-
taken to make an examination of that point. But he
challenged the honorable senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Foster] to show him an expression in the
report of that officer, where he had expressed a de-
cided opinion in favor of Memphis. He (Mr. B.)
di'd not believe that it was a wise or good policy to
embark in a work of this kind at that point, and to
appropriate $100,000 towards it, without a tho-
rough scientific examination by some competent and
responsible officers of the government fully author-
ized and empowered to do so. It was untlci taking
a national work blindly which involved millons of
expenditure, though the amount now proposed to be
expended was but $100,000. He thought prudence,
as well as a wise economy, dictated that, before em-
barking in such an expenditure of the people's
money, they should obtain all the lights that could
be had on the subject to give direction to their legis-
lation.
The object of his amendment was to procure such
lights. He did not propose it from any unfriendly
feeling towards Memphis. If, after the examination
proposed, the engineers should come to the conclu-
sion that that was the best point, he would most
cheerfully vote for a bill establishing the depot there-
He helieved that a depot should be established at.
some point in the great valley of the Mississippi.
He was anxious that it should be done as soon as
expedient. But lie preferred that they should delay
the matter another year rather than that an improper
site should be selected—especially as there was no
pressing emergency for the depot at this time. He
mighturge, as another reason for the delay until the
examination was made, the exhausted condition of
the national treasury. By the time Congiess was
put in possession of the information to be derived
from the survey, the treasury would be m a better
condition to meet a new expenditure of $100,000.
He would not, however, if any great public ex-
igency required the establishment of the depot with-
out delay, urge the exhausted condition of the treas-
ury as a reason for such delay. But there was no
such exigency—no necessity for haste—especially
such a necessity as ought to induce them to rush
blindly into an expenditure, ultimately, of millions
of dollars. He supposed it would not be improper,
in discussing this amendment, to refer to the report
of the survey and examination of the harboi of
Memphis, by Capt. L. Rousseau, Comnmndei II.
A. Adams, and Lieut. S. Johnson, of the United
"United States navy. Those officers, in speaking of
Memphis, say:
Memphis is situated on a bluff of land known asihr fourth
Chickasaw bluft, elevated eighty leet above the nvei .jt ex
treme low water The soil of this bluff is chi\ mixed with
sand and loam, and is m most places suitable tor
bricks. Between the foot of it and the bed of the nvo,
there is in some places a narrow slip of level land, the mh-
lace of which is a little above the uvei at jvciygc liifh v. a-
ter. It is an alluvial deposife.and liable to cav< or wa^h
away when the current of the river runs strong asanint it.
It will be seen,by the plan of survey, that n\ hunt of the
city, and extending both above and bctrnv th< sue marked
for a naval depot, is a bank, or battun*, lor/nod hj the de-
posite of the river, which at average low water is iO feet
above the river, and at the lowest water known is 23 fee'
above it, and ha-? at high water trom 6 to 12 feet on
it. The channel of Wolf river cuts through it, and it is at
the mouth of Wolf that the only practicable place lor the
erection of public buildings can be found, in the harbor of
