CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Memphis. This bank is of recent formation, and is at low
water dry and firm. When the building of Memphis was
commenced, in 1819, the channel of the river ran close to
the bluff bank, and the steamboat landing at low water was
then at the mouth of Wolf. In 1820, the river forced for it-
self a new passage at a place some miles above, which gave
a different direction to the channel; an eddy was formed
where the main current ran previously; and the deposite com
menced, which has made the batture what it now appears.
It is stated by respectable citizens of the place, that for one
or two years past the batture has gained nothing in surface,
but that every overflow raises it from six to twenty inches
higher. To reclaim the part embraced in the site, it would
be necessary to levee the outer edge of it, and drive piles of
great length at low water, from the termination of the
causeway that forms its southern boundary, up the river, to
the mouth of Wolf; and up the south side of Wolf as far as
the limits of the yard; and also around the triangle on the
north side of Wolf. It could then be filled up by the earth
removed in grading the hill above it, and with material from
other parts of the hank; or by the natural deposite of the
river, which could be admitted at high water for the pur-
pose. The cost of grading the bluff, and raising the entire
site above all overflow, is estimated at $28,920.
Mr. B. said it would be seen by this report, that
below the site marked for the depot is a bank, or
batture, which at high water has but twelve feet
water. They say that the cost of grading the bluff,
and raising the entire site above all overflow, is es-
timated at $28,920. Now he (Mr. B.) could show
that this estimate was entirely erroneous. It fell
far short of what would be the actual, cost of pre-
paring the site. There are 82 acres of batture to be
raised at least 12 feet to be always above the highest
rise of water. In those 82 acres, (there being 4,840
yards to the acre,) there are 396,8801 yards, which,
multiplied by 4, being for the 12 feet depth of filling
up for the 82 acres, produces 1,587,520 yards.
This number of yards, at a cost of 10 cents per
yard, gives an aggregate of $158,752, which was
something like what would be the actual cost to
the government in preparing the site.
Mr. B. spoke at some length of the unfitness of
Memphis as a site for the depot. He also alluded
to the unsettled state of the titles to the lands pro-
posed to be selected; and maintained that the gov-
ernment, after expending millions there, might be
dispossessed of the property. But in what he said,
he did not wish to be considered as being opposed
in any case to the establishment of the depot at
Memphis. If, on the examination and survey pro-
posed, it should be decided that that was the best
point, he would vote a million, if necessary, to that
objcct. But he would never vote a cent until there
had been a scientific examination.
Mr. FOSTER observed that the senator from Il-
linois had said he had no prejudice against Mem-
phis; but, perhaps, he was not without strong pre-
dilections in favor of that El Dorado of Illinois, the
famous city of Cairo. He took it for granted the
senator's affections lay there. But what sort of
site for a naval depot could a place afford, which,
for a great portion of the year, was twenty feet un-
der water? Mr. F., with much sarcasm, depicted
the necessity of raising such a site by a twenty-feet
wooden barricade against the world of waters inun-
dating it from both the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
before efcven a foundation could be laid for a naval
depot.
In allusion to the plea of economy urged by the
senator from Illinois, Mr. F. wondered that it. had
not been considered when his favorite measure was
up yesterday—the bill appropriating $400,000 for
continuing the Cumberland road. But he was not
disposed to dwell upon that point; for this was not
a question of dollars and cents. It was a measure
of great national policy, the expediency and neces-
sity for which had long since been argued and de-
cided.
The question seemed to him to be one of location
—whether Memphis or Cairo should be chosen;
and, with a view of testing that question, Mr. F.,
at considerable length, reviewed the arguments
urged for and against each. In summing up these
arguments, Mr. F. came to the conclusion that the
immense advantages which presented themselves in
favor of Memphis, and the insurmountable objec-
tions which existed with regard to Cairo, left not a
particle of doubt as to the choice that should be
made. The senator from Illinois, in quoting the
report of the commissioners appointed to make a
survey of the harbor of Memphis, had chosen pas-
sages most unfavorable to the proposition of select-
ing it as a site for a naval depot; but if the whole
report had been read, it would be found that the
opinion of the commissioners is very decided that
there are no objections which can be urged against
the selection of that point, which do not exist
against any other point on the Mississippi river,
suitable for the erection of a naval depot; whilst
it is forcibly shown that, not only in the opinion of
the commissioners, but in the opinion of a compe-
tent and experienced engineer chosen by the city of
Memphis, there is a very decided advantage in that
site not to be met with at any oiher point—the ad-
vantage of a great and important water power. He
quoted from the report the following passage:
Waterpower may be obtained, if necessary, by cutting
a canal from a point about 11 miles distant, on Wolf river.
A report and plan of the route, by Col. D. Morrison, made
at the request of the mayor and aldermen of Memphis, ac-
companies this report We have visited the location and
examined the line, and are satisfied with its practicability.
Mr. F. then referred to Col. Morrison's report to
show that the canal required to make the water
power available for drawing the machinery of a
naval depot would be about J.1 miles in length.
The fall from Wolf river to the high water of the
Mississippi would be 46.72 feet. He estimates
the cost of cutting the canal at $50,000. It would
give 34 feet fall as a propelling power; and the
power would be equal to 2,740 horse power. This
power, after all deductions, he estimates to be worth
to the government $137,000 per annum.
Mr. P. commented at some length upon the su-
perior advantages presented by this location for the
site of the proposed southwestern naval depot. He
regretted that the senator from Illinois, in his zeal
for Cairo, had thought it necessary to make such
an attack as he had made upon Memphis.
Mr. BREESE denied that he had made any at-
tack upon Memphis'. He had only read the report
of the commissioners who had made the survey of
the proposed site. His objection was, that a scien-
tific examination had not been made by competent
engineers of the government, as well as by a board
of naval officers. If a proper examination by a
competent engineer, and a favorable report, with
suitable estimates, were made to Congress, pointing
out that the site at Memphis was the best which
could be selected, he would cheerfully go with the
senator from Tennessee in support of" the proposi-
tion. But even with regard to the report of the
commissioners, he could not see that in it there was
any decided expression of opinion in favor of Mem-
phis above any other point. The report says, in
substance, that wharves cannot be advantageously
constructed there. It says the soil is an alluvial de-
posite, liable to cave or wash away. It says that Wolf
river cannot be entered with boats at a low stage of
water. It says laborers may be procured, and, it is
presumed, as low as in any portion of the country;
but they must be brought from the upper country.
And with respect to the water power, the value of
which is so much dwelt upon—the report says: "It
is believed that a right of way for this canal would be
given to government," &c. And with regard to the
health of Memphis, which, when first settled, "had
a very bad reputation " the report says, llit appears
to have greatly improved," but "the winter is said
to be the most unhealthy season, when pleurisies
and other diseases incident to a variable temperature
are prevalent." As to the site it says: "The build-
ing lots are owned by various individuals, some of
whom are at this time absent; some parts belong to
the city, while to other parts there are conflicting
claims;" yet the mayor and aldermen "undertake
to sell the site to the United States for §20,000;"
(82| acres.) In conclusion, the commissioners say:
"This particular location is excellent for a building
yard; but is, perhaps, scarcely sufficiently accessi-
ble for vessels in need of repairs.", Now, in all this,
there was nothing decisively favorable; on the con-
trary, the great care taken in the choice of expres-
sions, shows that a decided opinion of that nature
was cautiously avoided.
On the whole, his proposition was, that
the Senate had not that sort of decided
evidence before it which would justify the vote
of an appropriation of $100,000, the outlay of
which would probably involve the government in
an outlay of millions at a location which might ul-
timately prove unsatisfactory, if not useless. He
should decline following the senator from Tennessee
through the various topics which he had thought lit
to introduce into his remarks. He had little more
to say at present than to urge the Senate, before it
proceeded any further in this matter, to call for more
light—more satisfectory information—for a practi-
cal engineer's report and specifications—and for the
examination of other sites. He referred to the Sen-
ate document (196,) "relating to an examination
and survey of some point at or near the confluence
of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, with a view to
the establishment of a naval depot and. dock yard."
In this document was a letter of his own to the
chairman of,the Committee on Naval Affairs, from
which he begged leave to read a few passages. Mr.
B. then read from this letter various extracts, show-
ing that no point on the Mississippi river possessed'
so many and suck decided advantages for the site
of a naval depot and dock yard, as that at the con-
fluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. The let-
ter says:
The local advantages of this place [Cairo] have been so
clearly set forth by disinterested individuals, that it is un-
cessary to discuss them otherwise than by quoting their au-
thority. Before capitalists would consent to loantheirmoney
on the security of property at Cairo, they emptoyed two
eminent engineers—William Strickland, un American, and
Richard C. Taylor, an Englishman—carefully to examine
the site, and make report as to its local advantages, and the
practicability of raising up a large city there. They per-
formed the service in 1838, and reported the following facts-
That at the lowest stage of the water, the elevation of the
land at and near $he confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers, is from thirty to thirty-five feet. That some points
of land in the site are above the highest floods, and that
the average overflow, on such occasions, is from four to five
feet: That the Ohio river affords an excellent harbor, with,
an ordinary current of but one mile an hour: That the tex-
ture and solidity of the banks are as firm and secure as any
other positions for building between it and the rocky forma-
tions higher up the streams: That it is surrounded by ,
the best of timber and bituminous coal. And after
enumerating many other advantages of this spot, they
conclude by saying: There is not, in any quarter of the
globe, a situation so commanding and replete with every kind
of produce and materials to promote the prosperity of the
meichant, the skill of the mechanic, and the growth ot a
great city.
Mr. FOSTER inquired if the Mr. Strickland who
was a party in that report, was not interested in
some way or other in property at Cairo?
Mr. BREESE said ne was not; he had been mere-
ly employed as an engineer to examine into the ca-
pabilities of the site for a great city. Mr. B. then
resumed the reading of the document:
J. Freeman, principal engineer of the Central railroad of
Illinois, in a report dated 24th December, 1838, giving rea-
sons for locating the depot of the road on the Ohio river at
this place, says:
"The gentleness of the current, and the unvarying depth
of water, at once make it as good a harbor as can be de- •
sired.
"The earth is firm and dry, and fully capable of sustain-
ing the weight of any mass of buildings which could be
crowded thereon.
"During high water, there is very litUe current out of the
channel of the river; and, as the grade line is established at
such an elevation that it cannot be overtopped, there is no
danger to be apprehended from the destruction of the em-
bankment.
"The termination of the Central railroad is the most re
markable point in the West. It is undeniably the head of
low water navigation for vessels of large size,*&c.5'
Testimonials to the importance of this place in a commer-
cial point of view, and as a site for the proposed western
naval depot, might be greatly multiplied; but it is not es-
sential to the present object, which is merely to solicit a
thorough inanity.
It is only necessary to add that about 1,200 acres of land,
embraced in the corpoidte limits of the city, are now en-
closed in a levee rising four feet above the highest floods,
constructed on the Ohio river front, by hauling the earth
back, thus graduating the bank from low water to the top
of the levee, and forming a landing which, when paved, will
not be excelled on the western waters; that the waters of
Cash river, which is aboutfour miles north of the city, may
be brought in by a canal, easily dug through a country al-
most entirely level, and will afford an ample supply for
dockage. I am informed that it is now in contemplation, by
an independent company, to construct a dam across Cash
n ver, and, by a canal, bring its waters to a basin or reservoir
in the city, capable of docking six or eight of the largest
class steamboats at one time, and from thence locking into
the Ohio river. About forty miles north, there are inex-
haustible beds of excellent bituminous coal, which, when
the railroad is completed thus far, can be delivered on the
levee cheaper than it can be from boats on the river.
In adverting to the pioceedings looking to the establish,
ment of the naval depot and dock yard at Memphis, it is not
intended to disparage that place, but simply to present es-
tablished facts, and show the justice, as well as policy of
further inquiry, before the government shall commence ex-
pensive public works. Scarcely an argument is urged m
favor of Memphis which does not obviously apply with
equal force to Cairo; and theie are some points on which
the latter will be found to possess decided advantages.
Both are on the great highway from the valleys ofthe Ohio,
Mississippi,and Missouri, to New Orleans; but Cairo has
the advantage of being also on the great highway from the
valley ofthe Ohio to the valleys of the upper Mississippi
and Missouri. Perhaps twice as much trade will thus pass
Cairo as will pass Memphis Both are on perpetual steam-
boat navigation, but Cairo is at its head—thf very point at
which the flats and small craft descending the Tennessee,
the Cumberland, the Wabash, the Ohio, the upper Missis-
sippi, &c., will fmd it most convenient to discharge their
cargoes, and break up or return. Almost everything which
goes to Memphis must pass Cairo; andit will be more agree-
able, as well as profitable for the farmers, ironmasters, lum-
bermen, &c., on the rivers which come down from Tennes-
see, Kentucky, and other-States above, to find a market at
Cairo, than be subjected to a further voyage of 160 miles to
reach Memphis.
