April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493'
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Wright.
Senate.:-
fearfully great, though his memory would not per-
mit him to state, with confidence, what the rate
was.
How, then, was it in the manufacturing and me-
chanical branches of industry? Here, more than in
the other branches, forecast and calculation can
be employed. The agriculturist must take the
chances of the seasons, the merchant the perils of
the seas, and both the changes of the markets; while
the latter is the only hazard of the manufacturer
and mechanic, whose employments do not rest
upon artificial and changing legislation. He could
speak from an acquaintance somewhat extensive as
to the merchanics of the country as a class of citi-
zens; and where industry and prudence were carefully
observed, no class of men in our country were more
certain to reach comfortable independence. Among
the most useful, independent, and respectable citi-
zens, wherever he had enjoyed a personal acquaint-
ance, he had always found the mechanics, as a class,
holding -a very prominent place. Hence he had
been led to believe that the profits of capital and the
fruits of industry in their employments were as
good as in any others he had known, as a general
remark.
With the large manufacturing establishments he
had scarcely any acquaintance. He must speak of
them, therefore, from report, and he should do so
principally from what had been said of the profits
of their capital, in the course of this debate. And
what had been said upon this point? Their divi-
dends had been spoken of as ranging from G, 7, 14
and 20 "per cent, up to 30 and 40 per cent, per an-
num. These latter rates, he was compelled to sup-
pose, must be somewhat exaggerated. He had,
however, been informed, from sources upon which
he placed strong reliance, that some of the establish-
ments engaged both in the cotton and the woollen
manufacture, were able to divide to their stockhold-
ers 7 per cent, upon their capital stock, half-yearly,
and to accumulate a surplus amply sufficient to
cover all contingent losses. This was too much for
interests sustained by the universal taxation of all
other branches of industry. If this was so, it
proved conclusively, to his mind, that the present
prohibitory duties should be modified, and fair rev-
enue duties substituted, that a healthful competition
might moderate these profits, by a reduction of the
prices of the manufactured articles to the consumers.
This was far beyond the profits of capital in other
branches of industry, and too much to be sustained
by burdens imposed upon them.
[Here Mr. Wright gave way to a motion that
the Senate adjourn.]
Tuesday, April 23, 1844.
Mr. WRIGHT said, when addressing the Sen-
ate, upon a former day, he had closed what he had
proposed to say of the influence of prohibitory du-
ties upon capital, and the three gieat divisions of
industry in which capital is employed. He did not
propose now to recapitulate at all, but to complete
the task he had assigned to himself with as little
further consumption of the time, of the Senate as
possible.
It remained for him to consider the influence of
the system of prohibitions, and prohibitory duties,
upon labor as a distinct interest; the labor of those
operatives, in all the great departments of industry,
which is compensated by stipulated wages, and has
no other or further interest m the capital which em-
ploys it, or in the profits or losses arising from the
employment of that capital.
This division of the subject, and the careful con-
sideration of this head, was .rendered more appro-
priate and important bcenuse the advocates of the
system of high and prohibitory duties place its de-
fence and justification mainly—nay, he might say
almost exclusively—upon the ground of protection
to this labor. To give it more constant and more
profitable employment was their great avowed ob-
ject; and some of the most earnest of those advo-
cates, in this debate, had gone so far as to say that,
if this ground could not be sustained, the system
itself could not be defended and justified.
This avowed object was a worthy one No great
interest in any country more justly demanded or de-
served the watchful regard of legislators than this
labor, and no member of this body felt more earnest-
ly anxious than he did to shape all our legislation so
as to bring the fewest burdens upon, and the great-
est benefits to it. Under the influence of this dispo-
sition, he should enter upon the examination of
he thought were, and roust be, the influences
of such a policy upon this description of labor in
our country.
One position could not fail to be admitted. If the
high d uties raise the price of the necessaries of life
to our laborer, the cost of his food, his clothing,
and his comforts, to that extent they are a tax upon
him, and lay him under the necessity of having
more constant employment, or higher wages, or
both, to meet the increased expenses of his living.
And this consequence must attach to him in which-
ever of the great branches of industry he may be
employed. The tax he must pay upon these neces-
saries must be equal, whether he be engaged in
manufactures, commerce, or agriculture.
While the high duties remain, and are effective to
raise the price and extend the market for manu-
factured articles, those engaged in the manufacturing
branches of industry may be able to employ more
labor, and to pay better prices, in consequence of the
duties; but it has been already shown that duties,
imposed for protection and not for revenue, never
have been, and never can be, sustained at a stable
point; that, as soon as they shall have the effect to
give artificial values to the protected articles, the
burden of the tax will be felt by all other interests,
the disproportionate profits to the protected interests
will be seen, discontents will be engendered, and
the duties will be reduced. This will suspend em-
ployment at the high rates of wages, and the laborer
will be thrown wholly out of employment.
Again: If too prohibitory, commerce will be de-
stroyed, the collection of revenue defeated, and a re-
duction of the duties back to the revenue point will
become compulsory. This will have the same
effect to render the employment of the laborer in-
constant and fitful, as well as to, unsettle the rate of
his wages. And if these two almost unavoidable
consequences do not follow, the increased profits,
aiisiug from the artificial values given to the pro-
ducts, will produce domestic competition, break
down the monopoly, reduce the business to the
level of other pursuits, and thus destroy the effect of
the duties upon the wages of labor. In either of
these events, the influence upon the wages of the
laborer must be temporary, and the consequence of
the temporary increase of his compensation must be
inconstant employment, at any rate of compensation.
In this aspect of the case it is important to exam-
ine the nature of the connection between this labor
and the capital which employs it, in the manufactu-
ring branches. And it should be premised, that, in
any state of duties, any advance in the rates of
wages will only be a consequence of an advance in
the products of that labor, and so far from keeping
pace with the latter, be the enhancement of the val-
ue of the products what it may, the only increase in
the compeneation to labor will be what is required
to command the requisite amount of it from the
other great branches of industry. If the goods of
the manufacturer should be doubled in value, it by
no means follows that he would double the wages of
the labor he employs. That would depend upon
the rates of wages which his agricultural and com-
mercial neighbors were able to pay, and the rate of
wages he would establish would only be such as to
take from them the labor he should require. An
advance of 5 per cent, would effect this object, and
he certainly would not go beyond its accomplishment.
This principle is not only true when applied to la-
bor employed in manufacturing, but is equally ap-
plicable to the wages of labor in all the pursuits of
industry. No capitalist, whatever may be his em-
ployment, pays more for labor than will command
such as he requires, be the profits of his business
what they may. If the wheat of the farmer, or his
wool, or his beef, double in value, he does not, in
consequence, double the wages of his laborers. If
the adventure of the merchant double his capital in-
vested, he does not, in consequence, double the
wages of his sailors and cartmen. A permanent ad-
vance in products generally usually draws after it
an advance in the wages of labor, but, always as
a consequence; the labor is the lasi to cdvance, and,
when the enhancement of the value of products is
extreme, labor never keeps pace with them. The
ordinary wages of the able-bodied day laborer of the
North, in the hay and harvest season, is $1, in mo-
ney. or one bushel of wheat; but let wheat advance
to §2,50 per bushel, as it sometimes does, and the
wages of the laborer may be §1,50, never more, and
more likely $1,25. The operation of this rule is
universal.
Let the usual revulsion come, after one of these
periods of high prices, as it always must come, and
what is the effcet upon labor? Employment, at any
rate of wages, almost ceases. The farmer and the
merchant curtail their operations within the narrow-
est possible limits; and the manufacturer eloses his
factory, and stops altogether. This compels the la-
borer, at once, to work for any rate of wages he can
get, when any employment at all is offered. Such
are the fruits of extreme fluctuations upon labor;
and it had been seen that fluctuations must be a con-
sequence of high and prohibitory duties, and a con-
sequent artificial'standard of value, in any branch
of industry.
Again, the manufacturer can make his-business
the subject of very accurate estimate and calculation; -
and hence he is able to establish the rates of his la-
borers' wages so as, with a very great degree of cer-
tainty, to protect himself from loss. He is about to
make a certain qnantity of a certain description' of
goods, say cotton or woollen cloths. He can tell
precisely what the materials will cost him, how long
it will take his mills to work them up, what will be
the ordinary wear and tear of his machinery, what
his allowance for accidents, what the interest upon
his capital, and, from the prices current of the day,
what the cloths will sell for in the. market. He
knows, then, what he can afford to pay for the la^
bor, his only risk being a change in the market, be-.
fore his cloths can be placed there. Will he exceed
in his rates of wages what he thus ascertains he can
afford to pay? Never. He will sooner close his
mills, and let his capital remain idle. Will he pay
for his labor all which this calculation shows him
he can afford to pay? That does not follow, if that
be more than will command from others the labor
he wants. Hence, in this branch of industry, the
laborer must work for the ordinary rate of wages,
be the profits of the manufacturer what they may;
while, if prices are low, he must work for what the
manufacturer can afford to give without loss to him-
self, or the factory is closed, and he finds no em-
ployment there at all. In other words, the profits
upon his capital are the whole object of the proprie-
tor of the manufactory; and he will not work it to
his own loss, knowing it to be so. If, therefore,
fluctuations come, which he can foresee—if prices
fall below a healthful line,—the weight is thrown
from himself on to the shoulders of the laborer,
and he must bear the loss in a reduction of his com-
pensation, or he must be thrown out of employment
altogether.
Another consideration, he supposed, must mate-
rially affect manufacturing labor. He was not per-
sonally acquainted with the subject, but he sup-
posed that labor was rendered more dependent than
labor in the other branches of industry, because the
laborer, by long employment in a manufacturing es-
tablishment, was, to a great extent, unfitted to per-
form profitable labor in any other calling. Was
this not so as to the great body of manufacturing
laborers' and did not, therefore, the sudden closing
of the factories, and the entire arrest of their employ,
ment, reduce them to peculiar dependence, unknown
to any other classes of laborers in our country? Such
were his impressions, and if they were well founded,
they would show the great power which the manu-
facturing capitalist must hold over the employment,
and, by necessary consequence, over the living, the
comforts, and the independence of the manufactui-
ing laborer. Was it wise or politic, in reference to
the labor of this country, to endeavor to shape our
laws so as force it into these dependent situations,
from the more free, and equally comfortable and re-
spectable employments of agriculture and commerce?
He could not think so.
He had admitted that, while the high duties should
be effective to the manufacturing interest, itcould
afford to make a better compensation to labor, al-
though the rates of compensation, so artificially im-
proved, as well as the entire labor under the sys-
tem, must thereby be rendered unstable, fluc-
tuating, fitful, and uncertain; yet how would
the same system of duties and prohibitions affect
the commercial branch of our industry? He had
before attempted, and he believed successfully,
to show that this whole policy must be a direct
burden upon commerce, upon this interest it was
that the tax was directly felt. Here the capital
must be raised to pay the duties. Here the hazards
of the markets, at the enhanced prices, must be en-
countered. And can this great branch of industry
make better and higher compensation for its labor
under such a system? Palpably not; and yet its
labor is equally taxed, and equally demands in-
creased compensation. Suppose the duties are pro-
hibitory. To that extent commerce is destroyed,
and the call for labor to carry on its operations is
