480
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The harbor at Memphis has a current of five miles an
hour; that of Cairo one mile.
The only site on which a navy-yard can be built at Mem-
phis "has, at high water, from six to twelve" feet upon it;"
the site at Cairo has, at high water, about live feet on it
The site at Memphis is of recent formation, and obviously
not firm enough for the foundation of heavy buildings; at
Cairo, the bank of the Ohio has undergone no material al-
teration for a century, and the soil is firm enough to sustain
as many buildings as can be crowded on it.
At Memphis, one set in the change of the current has
caused the formation of the proposed site for the navy-yard;
by another change, it may be cut away as rapidly as it
formed. At Cairo, no- such changes are known in the cur-
rent of the Ohio.
From May to October, 1843, the channel at Memphis,
above the mouth of Wolf river, filled up six feet, and below
the mouth three feet. At Cairo no such incidents are known
in the channel of the Ohio.
At Memphis, there must be a levee from nine to fifteen
feet high, to raise the landing above high water, and a pro-
portional filling up within. At Cairo the levee need be
but eight feet, and the filling up proportionally less, and the
levee already finished, or nearly so.
The site at Memphis cannot be made secure against the
caprices of the Mississippi, unless it be sunounded on two
sides by piles, which, to raise them three feet above low
water, must be at least twenty-eight feet long above the
hard pan under the bed of the river, into which they must
be driven; and whether that pan be rock, or any other sub-
stance into which piles can be driven, has not, yet been as-
certained. At Cairo, no piles are necessary, and all the ex-"
pense of such a precaution, and all danger from their giv-
ra£-way, may be entirely avoided.
.As to healthfulness, it is not doubted that Cairo will com-
pare advantageously with Memphis, and, as to power for
manufacturing, it is doubtful whether, from the cheapness
of coal and other circumstances, steam at Cairo would not
be cheaper than water power at Memphis.
Mr. B. further said that, although the site at
Memphis had been examined by naval officers, it
had not been actually surveyed by a competent en-
gineer of the government;%nd, therefore, he thought
it was wrong; to make any appropriation for com-
mencing a work which might prove to be too hasti-
ly entered upon, and should hereafter have to be
abandoned. Even should the site be approved by
an engineer, the title to it was doubtful and in dis-
pute. Was it proper, under such circumstances, to
proceed with this measure as if surveys, estimates,
and proof of title were all before the Senate, and
were unobjectionable? He hoped he would not be
misunderstood as undervaluing or disparaging
Memphis. Such was not his purpose. He only
pointed out the path of prudence and safety.
Mr. FOSTER asked if he was to understand the
senator from Illinois as saying that the city of Cairo
contained 2,000 inhabitants.
Mr. BREESE said that in 1841 it did.
Mr. FOSTER observed, then all I have to say is,
that Cairo was, but Cairo is not; for I can safely
appeal to the senator from Arkansas, if I am not
correct in estimating its present inhabitants at less
than 20; and 1 believe they are all on board the
wharf-boat which lies at the landing.
Mr. SEVIER. There is a tavern there.
M. FOSTER. Yes, there is a tavern, and it has
a bell; but it is a bell that is never rung; for, alas!
there is none to respond to the call.
Mr. F. then proceeded to read another report fa-
vorable to the choice of Memphis as a site for the
dock yard and depot. He contended that the title
to the site was neither doubtful, nor likely to lead
to litigation, as the city authorities of Memphis
were ready to guaranty it to the government. The
public mind he considered a good index to the site
most appropriate for the projected dock-yard and
naval depot, and the public mind had settled down
in favor of Memphis.
Mr. TAPPAN presumed that if a naval depot
was to be built at Memphis, the mouth of Wolf riv-
er would be as good a site as any in the neighbor-
hood; but he was quite certain five hundred as good
sites could be selected between Memphis and the
Gulf of Mexico as at the mouth of Wolf river.
Mr. T. then proceeded to show that there was great
unsafely and danger in trusting to a guaianty of
title from any third party, such as the city of Mem-
phis. Under such circumstances, even if Memphis
was all it was represented to be, it was not proper to
lay out the public money upon a disputable title.
Mr. FOSTER was here understood to say that
the guaranty could be made good by a suitable pro-
vision in the bill.
Mr. TAPPAN objected altogether to such mode
of doing business. But he had an insuperable ob-
jection to selecting this or any similar site, for he
believed it was the first time any one ever heard of
a navaldepot and dock-yard being built eight hun-
dred miles from the ocean. A naval depot should
be calculated for repairs as well as for the construc-
tion of vessels, and should be in such vicinity to the
ocean as to afford easy and immediate access to it.
He had no doubt every gentleman would be pleased
to gratify his constituents by. obtaining an appropri-
ation of public money to be expended among them;
but this was not likely to be satisfactory to other
gentlemen in whose States more appropriate sites
existed.,
Mr. PEARCE observed that he should-have said
nothing on this occasion but for one objection which
struck him, and he would state it. He believed it
was desirable to have suitable naval depots; but the
objection to either Memphis or Cairo was, that they
would not be suitable sites from the want of water;
for he believed, according to all the reports, there
was a portion of the year in which there was but
seven feet of water in the channel of either place.
This was an insuperable objection. Vessels of war
should be built or rep'aired where they would at all
times have sufficient water to be floated to the ocean.
He thought the senator from Illinois ought to shape
his amendment so as to direct "some suitable place"
to be selected.
Mr. BREESE accepted the modification. He
confessed he had felt greatly surprised at the argu-
ment of the senator from Ohio [Mr. Tappan.] He
had anticipated that senator's disapproval of the lo-
cation in the bill, but he had not calculated on being
hacked in the way he had been by him, as to the
propriety of establishing a navy-yard in the West.
Mr. FOSTER, imagining that on a mere amend-
ment it was necessary to stick to the text, had not
considered it in order to enter upon the general mer-
its of the question of establishing a dock-yard and
naval depot as nearly in the heart of the country as
navigation would permit, or he would have risen to
reply to the remarks of the senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Tap pan.] Mr. F. then proceeded at considerable
length to refute the objections urged as to the impro-
priety of selecting a site 800 miles from the sea. He
pointed out many grounds on which the affirma-
tive of the proposition might be triumphantly sus-
tained.
As to the objection urged by the senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pe\rce,] that there are seasons of
the year in which there are but seven feet of water
in the channel of the river, he did not know what
answer to give, because there was no argument on
that point applicable to Memphis that would not ap-
ply to the whole river—even to the mouth, at the
Balize. But, instead of building ships of war 25
feet deep, as in former days, the object now is to
build iron steamships of war not exceeding 13 feet
in depth; and it was found that, no difficul;y grew
out of getting vessels of that depth over a channel
affording but half that depth of water. This was
done by camels, or cylinders placed beside the ves-
sel, and exhausted of air, lifting up the vessel, and
buoying it high enough to be floated over a channel
of not more than five feet in depth of water.
Mr. F. next adverted to the vast expenditures of
the public money on the North and East, and the
generosity with which the West and South had al-
ways voted such appropriations. There was a coast
of 2,000 miles of the southern States, on which not
a dollar of the public money had ever yet been
spent. It was time now to do something—now was
the time to begin to do something for the South.
From Norfolk to the Sabine, with the exception of
some trifling fortifications at Charleston, &c., and
$100,000 granted for a naval depot at Pensacola,
nothing—absolutely nothing—had been done for the
South. The gulf was left so defenceless that one
British man-of-war could sweep the whole of our
commerce from it. There was not a sand-bank in
the gulf that did not bear the British flag; and was
this government to look on coolly and do nothing?
Surely it was time to begin to do something.
The amendment, as modified, was then read. It
was shaped so as to embrace "some suitable point
on the Mississippi river for a dock-yard and naval
depot."
Mr. ATCHISON moved to postpone the bill for
the present. The two senators who had taken such
a leading part in the discussion of the bill had, he
believed, said enough to convince the Senate that
neither Memphis nor Cairo was a suitable point for
selection as a site for the navy yard desired. Some
further consideration was certainly desirable, and
therefore he moved the postponement. But there
was another reason why the bill should be laid over
—neither of the senators from Mississippi was in
his place. It was due to them to let them have an
opportunity of expressing their views.
Mr. FOSTER did not want to be understood as
resisting the motion; but he believed (he senators
from Mississippi would be with him if present, ami
he thought the Senate as well prepared now to act
upon the bill as it ever would be.
The bill was then postponed till to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. JARNAGIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 4, 1844
The journal of yesterday having been read,
The SPEAKER announced that the first business
in order was the motion to reconsider the vote on
the rejection of the bill to direct the sales of the lead
mines in Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin.
PAY OP THE ARMY.
On motion by Mr. COLES, the rules were sus-
pended, and the House resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr,
Weller in the chair. The committee then resumed
the consideration of the bill regulating the pay of the
army, and for other purposes.
Mr. COLES, who had the floor, expressed the
strong objections he entertained for the bill. It
would fail, he said, to accomplish what it prom-
ised; and would produce so much difficulty and
confusion in the army as must inevitably lead to its
repeal. Mr. C. objected particularly to the hurried
manner in which it was proposed to pass this bill,
without sufficient information, and without sufficient
deliberation; and referred to the inconveniences
which had heretofore been produced by hasty legis-
lation in relation to the army and navy as an argu-
ment why this bill should not be passed. Mr. C.
also referred to several sections in the bill, such as
those relating to the quartermasters, the second
lieutenants, and the pay of the higher officers, to
show that the bill not only would produce great in-
equalities, but conflict with the organization of the
peace establishment. He went on to show, also,
that the bill, while it professed to place the officers
on certain fixed salaries, did not touch those extra
allowances for fuel and quarters, transportation,
courts martial, and contingencies, which had here-
tofore been the cause of so much complaint. Mr.
C,. said he would now explain to the committee
the provisions of the bill he proposed to offer as a
substitute.
He went into certain statements to show the" ex-
isting inequalities, observing that assistants in some
departments have higher pay than the principals in
others. He then proceeded to explain the provis-
ions of the bill which he had prepared on this sub-
ject.
Various explanations were made by Mr. COLES
and Mr. BLACK of South Carolina, on points of
difference in the reforms suggested.
Mr. BLACK replied to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Coles] at some length, and to occasional
interrogatories of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL.
On motion of Mr. BLACK, the 22d section was
amended so as to render its meaning more clear and
explicit.
The question was then taken on striking out the
whole of that clause, and negatived.
Mr. BLACK offered an amendment to the 25th
section.
After some remarks from Messrs. E. J. BLACK
and J. R. INGERSOLL,
Mr. C. JOHNSON offered an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said the evil he wanted to
correct was, that officers located here in Washing-
ton had been getting dragoon pay, while the officers
of the same grade, wading knee deep in Florida,
had been getting artillery and infantry pay.
Mr. COLES said that his object was to put other
officers on the same footing1 as the favored class of
quartermasters. He was, therefore, in favor of the
provision that, where the duties of an officer shall
require him to be mounted, the President may allow
him forage for his horses.
The amendment of Mr. Cave Johnson was then
adopted; and the amendment as amended was
agreed to.
Mr. HALE offered an amendment to the 18th
section, which was received and adopted by gen-
eral consent, providing that the musicians, as well
as the soldiers, shall have a dollar a month, in addi-
tion to their monthly pay of $6, retained for them,
to be paid over at the end of their term of enlist-
ment
