CrliOBE.
" , '"m
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Oong 1st Sess.
TUESDAY, APRIL 9, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 31.
[ Continued from JVb. 30.
Mr. HOLMES submitted the following amend-
ment:
Be it enacted, That hereafter no officer or private soldier
in the army of the United States shall be compelled to at-
tand any public religious worship, "where the doctrines of
the church to which said officer or soldier may be attached
are opposed to such form of worship.
Mr. H. explained tliat his reason for offering this
amendment was, that several cases had occurred in
which Roman Catholics had been compelled to at-
tend Protestant places of worship, which they were
conscientiously opposed to; and, in one case, a sol-
dier, for persisting in refusing to enter a church, to
the religious tenets of which he was opposed, was
marched back to the barracks, and there put intb
confinement, to await his trial by a court-martial.
While he approved of the soldiers attending places
of religious worship, j<et he thought that, where a
man entertained conscientious scruples against en-
tering a particular church, he ought not to be com-
pelled to do so.
Mr. PETT1T offered the following amendment
to the amendment:
Provided, That no officer, soldier, or bailor in the service
of the United States shall be compelled to attend upon any
form of religious worship.
Mr. P. addressed the committee in support of his
amendment, and expressed his objections to a sol-
dier being compelled to go to church at all.
A message was received from the Senate by the
hands of A. Dickens, esq., informing the House
that the Senate had passed various bills, amongst
which were the bill making appropriations for the
West Point'Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1845, and a bill making ap-
propriations for the fortifications of the United
States for the same period, the latter with an amend-
ment.
Mr. PETTIT then resumed his speech, and
spoke at some length in support of his views on the
subject under discussion.
Mr. J. A. BLACK opposed the amendment.
Mr. HALE proposed to modify the amendment,
and spoke in favor of his proposition. The consti-
tution of the United States provided that Congress
should pass no law respecting the establishment of
religion; and believing that Congress had no power
to compel anybody to attend any form of religious
worship, he was opposed to the latter clause of the
amendment, and therefore had proposed to strike it
out. That religion alone was true and acceptable
which came from the heart; and hence he was op-
posed to religion being a part of the soldier's drill.
The Christian religion did not depend on the aid of
the sword or of legislation; and he was, in conse-
quence, opposed to its being made a part of military
discipline.
Mr. HUNT of New York regretted that a propo-
sition had been offered to the House which could
serve as a pretext for the exhibition of blasphemy,
and the ridicule of the Christian religion, to which
they had been compelled to listen, from the gentle-
man from Indiana. He did not conceive it to be ne-
cessary to say a word in defence of the Christian
religion, after the manifestation of the feeling of the
House on Saturday last; but he expressed the hope
that the proposition Which had been submitted
would not receive the countenance of the commit-
tee.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from New Hampshire, and it was
negatived, as was also the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana. The question recurred on the
amendment of the gentleman from South Carrolina.
Mr. CARROLL rose, but not because he appre-
hended any danger existed of the adoption of the
amendment: he rose to say that he did not deem
such a regulation necessary, for he could not con-
ceive that any officer would violate the conscience of
any soldier by compelling his attendance on a form
of religious worship to which he was conscientious-
ly opposed. He had risen also to express the great
mortification he felt at the attack upon religion to
which they had listened. Was it believed by any
member of that House that the influences of the
Christian religion were not as salutary upon our sol-
diers and our sailors as upon the private citizens of
this country? He hoped no such opinion existed
there; for the influences of the Christian religion
were beneficial to every class.
It took away from temptations to vice in private,
and still more did it do so in the army; and just in
proportion as it was observed, would the bravery,
the discipline, the regard for virtue in every respect,
be promoted. The history of the world was con-
clusive upon this point. Wherever the system had
extended, its benefits were manifest; and just in pro-
portion as its observance could be inculcated in the
army, just in that proportion would vice be dimin-
ished. He did not propose to detain the committee,
but merely to express his hope that the amendment
would be rejected.
The question upon the adoption of the amend-
ment was then taken and decided in the negative.
Mr. BLACK moved that the committee rise, and
report the bill.
Mr. COLES said, before the committee rose, he
would redeem the pledge which he had given by of-
fering a substitute for the whole bill. He would
not detain the committee with a speech, but would
merely say that his bill proposed a reduction more
extensive than that, of the gentleman from South
Carolina, and would effect a retrenchment of more
. than a quarter of a. million of dollars.
The bill proposed to be substituted was read by
% Clerk.
TTpon the question for the adoption of the amend-
ment, tellers were demanded, but were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill as
amended; and
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved the previous question;
and, on seconding his motion, the votes were count-
ed, and were—71 in the affirmative, and 12 in the
negative—not a quorum.
Tellers were then demanded; and the votes having
been counted, were reported to be 66 in the affirma-
tive, and 51 in the negative.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
The amendments reported by the Committee of
the Whole were agreed to, and the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was then read a third time; and the ques-
tion being on its passage, the yeas and nays were
called for, and ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 109, nays 36, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Bid-
lack, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower,
Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob .Brinkerhoft', Brodhead, William J.
Brown, Bumngton, Burt, Caldwell, Gary, Catlin, Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Clingman, Cross, Cullom,
Dana, Daniel, Uarrah, John IV. Davis, Dean, Dickey, Dick-
inson, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin, French, (bid-
dings, Byram Green, Gridei, Hale, Hamlin, Hammett,
Haralson, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Houston,
Hubard, Hubbell, Hudson, Hughes, Hungerford, J. B. Hunt,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew John-
son, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Kixkpatrick,
Labranche, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin. McCauslen, McCon-
nell, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Edward J. Morris, Norris,
Owen, Elisha R. Pottei, Emery I) Potter, Purdy, Ratllbun,
David S. Reid, Uerling. Kelfe, Rhett, Roberts, Rockwell,
Rogerrf, St. John, Sample, Saunders, Senter, Seveiance,
Simons, Simpson, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert
Smith, Steeniod, Andrew Stewait, John Stewait, Stone,
Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tucker, Wei.
ler, Wentworth, Wheatou, Woodward, and Joseph A.
Wiight—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnard, Brenglc, Carroll, Causin. Chap-
pell, Chilton, Clinch, Clinton, Coles, Collamer, Cranston,
Garrett Davis, Deberry, Delict, Foot, Hopkins, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Maclay, ~ Marsh, Mor&e,
Nes, Newton, Parmenter, Ramsey, Charles M. Reed, Rod-
ney, Spence, Summers, Sykes, Tyler, Vaumeter, Vinton,
White, Winthiop, and William Wright—3(>.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a reconsideration
of the vote just taken, and called for the previous
question, under the operation of which the motion
was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of going into Committee of the Whole
to take up the bill creating a new collection district
in Maine.
Mr. ADAMS asked the gentleman to withdraw
his motion, to allow the question to be taken on
printing the reports made yesterday on the Massa-
chusetts resolutions, which question had been post-
poned until to-day.
Mr. HAMLIN said he would do so with great
pleasure, but that he felt a great desire to get up the
bill he had just named, and, as it would not take
five minutes to dispose of that bill, the. gentleman
could make his motion afterwards.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hamlin's
motion, and it was rejected.
drcmmond light..
The SPEAKER said that the- first business be-
fore the House was the report and resolution of
the Committee on Public Buildings, providing for
the lighting of the hall of the House with the Drum-
mond light.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL asked leave to present a
minority report upon the subject of the tariff; but
objections were made, and the report was not re-
ceived.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the resolution, and decided in the negative—yeas 60,
nays 88.
So the resolution was rejected. •
the massachusetts resolutions. , f
Mr. ADAMS now again asked that the question
might be taken on the printing of the several re-
ports of the Select Committee on the Resolutions of
the Massachusetts Legislature in favor of such an
alteration of the constitution as would prevent slave
representation; and on this he called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BURT called for the reading of the report
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. ELMER objected.
Mr. DROMGOOLE took it that, if one report
were read, the others would be expected to be read
too, and thus many hours would be consumed; he
would therefore suggest that the question should be
postponed to a future day, when the House could
commence this business at an earlier hour.
The SPEAKER put the question on the reading,
and it (Vas negatived.
The SPEAKER then put the question on print-
ing the reports.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if the motion em-
braced all the reports, of which he understood there
were five or six.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
The yeas and nays were then ordered and taken
on the motion to print, and resulted thus: yeas 85,
nays 60.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Atkinson, Barnard, Bren-
gle, Jacob Biinkerhoff, Brodhead, Burke, Cary, Carroll,
Causin, Clingman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cullom,
Dana, Darrah, Garrett Davis, Dean, Dickey, Elmer, Far-
lee, Foot, Giddmgs, Byram Green, Gnder, Hale, Hamlin,
Harper, Henley, Hopkins, Hubbell, Hudson, "Washington
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Cave Johnson, Perley B.
Johnson, Geo. W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kenne-
dy, Leonard, Lewis, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland,
McConnell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Morse, Norris, Owen,
Parmenter, Patterson, Pettit, Emery D. Potter, Pratt,
Ramsey, Charles M. Leed, Reding, Rockwell, Rodney, Ro-
gers, Sample, Schenck, Severance, Thomas Smith, Stetson,
Andrew Stewart, Summers, Sykes, Thomasson, Tibbatts,
Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, White, Wil-
liams, Winthiop, William Wright, Joseph A. Wright-^85.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Barringer, James A. Black, Bower,
Bowlin, Boyd, William J. Brown, Burt, Caldwell, Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chilton, Clinch, Cross,
Deberry, Dellet, Dickinson, Dromgooie, Ellis, SickJjn,
French, Willis Green, Haralson, Hardin, Hays, Herrick,
Holmes, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Hungerford, James B,
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Andrew Johnson,
Preston King, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, Newton, Payne,
Peyton, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Rnett, St. John,
Saunders, Senter, Simons, Slidell, Robert Smith, Stiles,
Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Tucker, Wentworth, and
Woodward—60.
So the reports were ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. TIBBATTS, the rules were
suspended for the purpose of disposing of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The following executive communications were
laid before the House:
A letter from the Secretary of State, transmitting a report
,as to why the resolutions oft'ered by Mr. Shields on the 3d
of March 1843, and by Mr. Reuben Chapmax at the present
session, in relation to the cost of articles imported from
foreign countries, have not been answered; ■which letter
was ordered to be laid upon the table.
A letter from the Secretary of War, as to the rule which
has governed the Department of War in the selection of
cadets for admission to the Military Academy at West Point
for the year 1844.
A letter from the Postmaster General, transmitting—1st. An
abstract of the officers for carrying the mails made within
the year preceding the 1st July, 1843. 2d. A report of all
such land and water mails as have been established within
said year. 3d. Of all contracts made for the transportation
