482
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the mail within the year aforesaid. 4th, Of ail addition-
al allowances to contractors during; said year. 6th. Oi cur-
tailments of mail service and pay within the same time;
which letter and report were referred to the Committee on
the-Post Office andPost Roads.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
the amount of receipts in the treasury dunng the present
fiscal year from customs, from the sales of public lands,
from all other sources, together with an estimate of the
public receipts from the same sources during the remain*
Ser of the fiscal year; which letter and -statements were or-
dered to be laid upon the table.
The joint resolution for the adjournment of Con-
gress on the g7th day of May next, was next m
order. -
Mr. DROMGOOLE we and proposed that the
further consideration of the resolution be postponed
until the 13th day of May. His proposition (he
said) was, that the House should keep the resolu-
tion within its power, until they should be able to-
determine whether they would be prepared to ad-
journ on that day, or even sooner, without giving
any intimation of an intention to prolong the session
beyond that time. He supposed the proposition in
itself was a reasonable one, being so directly in con-
sonance with the state of the business; whereas, if
the House were to determine at once upon an ad-
journment, it would be binding upon them, no mat-
ter what the state of the business might be, no mat-
ter what obstacles might be thrown in the way of
the completion of that business, by some members
of the House. It was with this view that he sub-
mitted the motion of postponement.
Mr. BARRINGER inquired whether the motion
was debatable.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he was quite willing to
take the question without debate. He then moved
a call of the House.
And upon this motion the yeas and nays were
demanded and ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 112, nays 29.
The roll was then called, and it was ascertained
that 169 members were present.
The absentees having been called,
Mr. BRODHEAD moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with; which
was carried—ayes 82, noes 71.
The question was then taken on Mr. Drom-
ooole's motion to postpone the further consideration
of the resolution till the 13th of May, and decided
in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 65, as foftows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Atkinson, Kdward J. Black, Black*
iveJl, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jaoob Brinkerhoft", William J.
Jirown, Jiurke, Burt, Caldwell, Catlin, Reuben Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Cioks, Daniel, Bean, JDronigoole, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer,
Farlee, Ficklin, French, Hale, Hamlm, Hammett, Haralson,
Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hub*
bell, Hughes, James B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Kil k-
patrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lumpkin,
St. John, Sample, Haunders, Simons, Simpson, Slidell,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, stiles, stone, Sykes, Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Bar-
nard, Bidlack, James Black, Brengle, Brodhead, Bufting-
ton, Caiy, Cairoll, Causin, Chilton, Clingman, Collamer,
Ciunston, Pana, Darrall, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Pellet,
Dickey, Dickinson, Foot, Foster, (jiddings, Willis Green,
finder, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Perley B.
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, John V. Kennedy, McConnell,
Mcilvaine, Edward J. Morris, Newton, Peyton, Elislia R.
Potter, Charles M. Reed, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers,
Schenck, Senter, Severance, Caleb B. Smith, Summers,
Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
Wethered, White, Wmthrop, and William Wright—(j-j.
The several bills received from the Senate were
read twice, and appropriately referred to standing
committee#.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, asked permission to make a mi-
nority report on the subject of the tariff.
Objection was made.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to make the report.
The motion was agreed to. and the rules were ac-
cordingly suspended.
Mr. INGERSOLL presented his report, and
moved that as many copies be printed as of the ma-
jority report, hitherto ordered.
Mr. WELLER objected.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to make that motion.
Some conversation ensued; after which the vote
n-as taken: 73 voting in the affirmative, and 40 in
the negative, being less than a majority of two-
thirds.
Mr. "WHITE rose and called for the yeas and
nays.
Objections were made to the call for the yeas and
nays on the ground that it was made too late.
Mr. WHITE said it was not too late, for he ad-
dressed the Chair before the vote was announced..
* Some conversation ensued; in the course of which
it was understood that if the House now adjourned
this subject would come up as unfinished business
to-morrow.
Mr. WINTHROP hoped the House would per-
mit the report to be presented, as the tariff bill was
expected to be taken up on Tuesday next.
The motion to print was agreed to, leaving the
question respecting the extra numbers to go over as
unfinished business.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. BRODHEAD: The memorial of William H"
Knowles and sixty other citizens of Carbon county, Penn-
sylvania, against a repeal or alteration ol the tariff law o
1842. Also, one of like import of John Merwine and thirty*
seven other citizens of Mcnroe county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. ANDERSON: The petition of Jonathan Barlow,
Henry Essex, and other citizens of Rockland county, New
York, asking Congress to impose on sewing needles a duty
equal to twenty-live per cent, per thousand; and on fancy
needles (such as carpet, rug, looping, tacking,* surgeons',
and tape needles, and knitting pins) a duty of tliitty per
cent, ad valorem, to protect them from the strenuous efforts
making by the foreign manufacturers and their agents in this
ciwntry, to destroy their establishment in its infancy: re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means. «*
By Mr. PARMENTEIl: The petition of Wm. Ii. Simpson
and one hundred and twenty-five others, of Framingham,
Massachusetts, praying that the present tariff law may ie-
main undisturbed.
By Air. ANDREW KENNEDY: The memorial of Samuel
Bigger, David Wallace, Lewis G. Thompson, and two
hundred and eighty other citizens of Allen county, Indians,
praying Congress to appropriate the unsold lands in Indiana
and Illinois ior the improvement of the Wabash river, below
the mouth of the Tippecanoe: referred to the Committee of
the Whole House.
By Mr. SLIDELL: The petition of the Mexican Gulf Rail-
road company, for remission of duties on iron: referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. HUGHES: The memorial of citizens of Platte and
Livingston counties, Missouri, asking Congress to appro-
priate money for the puipose of impioving western rivers,
St. Louis harbor, &c
By Mr. CALDWELL: The petition of the heirs of Sarah
and James Craig, deceased, praying an allowance, under the
provisions of the act of the 7th July, 1838, in consideration
ot the revolutionary services of their father: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pens5ons.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of A. M. McDonald, Hugh
Stevenson, and sixty others, citizens of Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania, protesting against any interference with the
tariff of 1842. Also, the petition ol Francis Daniel, Mark
Thomas, and ninety others, of the same county and State,
also, the petition of Daniel Karcher, James McKenna, and
foity others, citizcns of the same county and State; also,
the petition of Moigan Bensingor, Nicholas Jones, and
numerous others, citizens of the same county and State;
als®, the petition of G. S. Parker, D B. Epply, and thirty-
five others, citizcns ot Dauphin county, Pennsylvania,—all
protesting against any interference with the tariff of 184-2.
By Mr. WETHERED: A memorial from A. E. Walker
and one hundred and fifty others, citizens of the neighbor-
hood of Ellicott's Mills, Maryland, remonstrating against
any change in the present tariff law.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 5, 1841.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from Richard A. Gal-
pm, piaying that an examination may be made of a plan
prepared by him for the construction of a dry-dock. The
petitionerdesires that there should be an official repoit upon
it. The merit of the plan consist in dispensing with the
expensivf process of piling: referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. SE.V1PLE presented a memorial from the mayor and
aldermen of the city of Nauvoo, in Hancock county, Illinois,
praying that the powers and privileges of a territorial gov-
ernment may be extended to that city: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Also, presented a petition from 3.410 citizens of Hancock
county, Illinois, setting forth various grievances to which
they fcave been subjected, and praying that Congress may
Sant to them such relief as they tliinK proper: referred to
e Committee on the Judiciary .
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial from Greenbmy
Gnffin, praying compensation for a schooner captured by
the British, during the late war, w hile emploj ed in the gov-
ernment service: referred the Committee on Claims.
Also, a memorial from 300 employers and journeymen
tailors in the city of Baltimore, piaying Congress not to re-
duce the duty on imported ready-made clothing: which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, presented resolutions of the legislature of Maryland,
ui'ging upon Congress the propriety of making the bridges
over the eastern branch of the Potomac free bridges: reler-
red to the Committee oil the District of Columbia, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, resolutions of the legislature of Maryland, proposing
farther legislation for the security of masters whose slaves
have escaped, or may escape, from their service: referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. UPHAM presented a remonstrance signed by a great
number of the citizens of Troy, Orleans county, Vermont,
solemnly protesting against the annexation of Texas, by
treaty or any other mode, to the United States, as dangerous
to the perpetuity of the Union. Also, a petition, signed by
a number of citizens of Hendrick, Vermont, of like import:
which were referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. . t „ , ,
Mr BUCHANAN presented fifteen memorials from differ-
ent parts of the State of Pennsylvania, very numerously
signed, askiag that no change may be made in the existing
tariff unless it was demonstrated, by ascertained facts, that
such change was necessary: referred to the Committee on
Finance. „
Also, a memorial, signed by Tobias Harper Michell, of
Waterford, Erie county, Pennsylvania, imploring Congress
"that it will not, in any consideration assent to the fed-
eral annexation the Republic of Texas with our United
States:" referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial, signed by a large
number of citizens of Crown Point, county of Essex, New
York, remonstrating, in the most decided terms, against any
alteration in the existing tariff: referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a document, bem^o state-
ment of facts in relation to a land warrant held by Col Wm.
Scott, and accompanied by a prayer that the warrant may
be located under the act of 1816: referied to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Claims, to which
was recommitted their adverse report on the petition of
George Harrison, for commissions on certain disburse-
ments. made another report adverse to the prayer of the
petition; which was ordered to lie on the tabic.
Several adverse reports of standing committees on private
claims were taken up and concurred in by the Senate.
The resolution reported from the Committee on Claims,
referring to the Secretary of the Treasury, with a new of
eliciting information relative thereto, the application of
Wareham Kingsley for the payment of a sum of money for
furnishirtg stone to the United States under contract, was
taken up and adopted.
Mr. EVANS submitted the following resolution; which,
under the rule, lies one day on the table, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if, in his opinion,
compatible with the public interest, copies ot all communi-
cations received since the'fttst adjournment of Congress fiom
her Britannic Majesty's government, either thiough her
envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary, or
thiough the American minister to that court, indicating the
purposes of that government, or its disposition, or its want
of purpose or disposition to interfere in any way with the
affairs of Texas, or form any political connexion with that
republic, together with copies of all answers to such com-
munications.
Mr. SEMPLE submitted the following resolution; which,
under the rule, lies one day on the table, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be request-
ed to communicate to the Senate all such infoimation (the
publication of which will not be pi ejudioial to the public ser-
vice) as will show the situation of the claims of the citizens
of the United States against the late republic of Colombia;
whether there is any prospect of a settlement of the same;
and whether ift$6 or is not necessary for Congress to adopt
measures for the speedy assertion of the just rights of the
claimants.
The bill from the House regulating the pay of the army
of the United States and for other purposes, w as read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
INDEMNITY TO OFFICERS AND SEAMEN WHO
LOSE PROPERTY BY THE WRECK OF THE
UNITED STATES VESSELS.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the previous orders of the
day were postponed, and the Semite took up for considera-
tion the bill supplementary to the act entitled "An act to
regulate the pay of the navj of United States, as follow 5>:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Ripi mutative*
of the United States of Jbntnca in Conortss assembled, That
so much of the first section of the act entitled 'An act to
regulate the pay of the navy,5" approved the third of March,
one thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, as provides that
officers temporarily performing the duties belonging to
those of a higher grade shall receive the compensation al-
lowed to such higher grade w hile actually so employ ed,
and also the twelfth section of the act entitled "An act to
regulate the pay of pursers and other officers of the navv,"
appioved August the twenty-sixth, one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-two, be. and the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. ±1n'd be it further enacted, That whenever any ship
or vessel of the United States shall be lost, by shipw reck or
otherwise, an allowance .shall be made to the officers and
Crew of such ship, for looses sustained by them, according
to such scale and under such regqlations as shall be estab-
lished by the Navy Department: Provided, That the entire
allowance, to each individual, m the respective giades, sholl
not exceed the following sums, to wit: the sum of eight
hundred dollars a captain; the sum of six hundred dollars to
a commander, the sum of five hundred dollars to
a lieutenant commanding; the sum of thre* hundred and
fifty dollars to a lieutenant, surgeon, assistant surgeon,
purser, captain or lieutenant of marines, chaplain, piofessor
of mathematics, secretary to commander of squadron, or
sailing master, the sum of two hundred dollars to a passed
midshipman, master's mate, midshipman, orcierk; the sum
of one hundred dollars to a boatswain, gunner, sailmaker,
or carpenter; the sum of twenty-five dollars to any pettj- of-
ficer. sergeant, or corporal of marines; the sum of twenty
dollars to a seaman or marine; and the sum oi fiteen dollars
to a boy: Jlndprovided, further, That by the sentence of, a
court-martial, which shall be held to inquire into the Iocs
of such ship or vessel, no blame shall attach to the appli-
cant.
St:c. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provision of the
