June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO TfrE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
b3 his moveable item of cost in deciding the
question whether he shall work his mills or suffer
them to remain idle? Most certainly the wages of
his labor. He cannot control the cost of the mate-
rials of his manufacture, or the cost of the provisions
and other necessaries of the laborers he is to em-
ploy; and he will not abate the profits upon his cap-
ital; but he can and will control the wages of his la-
bor.
If, then, pauper labor in Europe meats him in the
foreign market, he must and will have pauper labor
at home to compete with it, or he will close his
mills and employ no labor. And suppose he does
that, what is this mass of unemployed manufactur-
ing labor to do? Where is it to resort? Will agri-
culture take it up? Certainly not; because that will
extend its productions beyond a supply for the
home market, and destroy its monopoly and high
prices, by compelling it to export.
This is precisely the result of the experience of
Great Britain, as before shown, and of all other
countries which have pursued the monopolizing
policy. The result in all has been dear bread and
cheap labor; the prosperity of capital and the sub-
jection of the masses; the triumph of the power of
money over the moral and physical power of men.
It must be so in this country, if ever the time should
arrive that its manufacturing, rather than its agri-
cultural, becomes its exporting interest. Then the
laborer would be fettered and bound down to such
fixed employment as capital should find it for its
interest to give, and the wages of labor must, as in
England now, be controlled by the prices at which
the products of manufacture coirid be sold abroad.
He would make a brief reference to testimony taken
before a committee of the House of Commons of the
British Parliament in 1842, to show the workings
of the system upon the wages of labor there. The
witness was a Mr. Joseph Walker, an extensive
manufacturer, at Wolverhampton, England. Speak-
ing of the duties upon the foreign iron used in their
manufactories, and the effect of that duty upon the
wages they are able to pay for labor, he says, "that
difference must come out of the wages of labor
here; for we actually export the goods that we
make of foreign iron; and when we export them,
we must sell them at the price the foreigner does."
"Question. You mean to say that that burden
compels you to reduce the wages so as to en-
able you to compete with the foreigner? Jhmver.
It has the effect of reducing them the whole amount
of the duty."
Again: speaking of duties upon articles of pro-
visions, the witness says: "Undoubtedly all the du-
ties put upon the importation of food of all descrip-
tions—on coffee, sugar, corn, and everything of that
sort—are a direct disadvantage to the laboring man
of England; because it is evident that the manufac-
turer must sell his goods at the price at which the
foreigner sells his; and, in order to do that, he must
reduce his wages to the workmen." Again:
" Question. Do the wages of the workmen at Wol-
verhampton rise and fall with the price of food, and
other articles of necessity? Jlnswer. No; I think not.
I do not think it operates. The wages of labor de-
pend upon the demand for the goods, not upon the
price of the provisions. We witness, now, low
wages and a high price of provisions; high prices of
bread, meat, and groceries." Again: "Question.
Unless the price of your manufactures was lower,
how would you be better able to meet the foreign
manufacturer than you now are? Jinswer. We are
now compelled to fall back upon a reduction of
wages to meet the foreign manufacturers, because
the cost of the raw material is the same to them and
to us; and it is, therefore, the workmen who suffer.
If we do not get 10s. for a piece of goods in a for-
eign market, and we are obliged to take 8s., we must
then either cease to send the goods there, or fall back
upon the wages to reduce it to 8s."
Here was the sworn testimony of an intelligent
manufacturer of goods in England for an export
market, and here his exposition of the influence
upon the wages of labor, of the condition he had as-
sumed when the productions of agriculture find- con-
sumers at home to their full extent, and when the
manufacturing has become the exporting interest.
He bad said he did not wish to see the time when
this country should cease to export the breadstuff's,
and other articles of food. Here were his reasons.
This witness had stated them from a practical expe-
rience. He did not wish to see the time when our
duties would fall upon the hungry laborer, because
he must have food; and this testimony showed that
the capitalist would not let them fall upon him. If
^32)
compelled to pay a duty upon his iron, he would
deduct the amount from the wages of his laborer;
and the laborer must work for such wages as he
could get, or he could not eat his highly-taxed food.
.Such were his views of the unavoidable final-fruits
of the prohibitory system upon labor and the labor-
ing man. -
So much had been said, in the course of this de-
bate, about-the present prosperity of the country,
and the agency of the present tariff la%v in pro-
ducing the prosperous change, that he felt compelled
to offer a remark or two upon that subject. And,
in the first place, it was his duty to inquire to what
extent the country could now be said to be in a
prosperous state. It was important to settle the
fact, before it would become necessary to seek for
the cause.
The commercial exhibition, which he had pre-
sented for the year 1843, certainly did not furnish
much ground for exultation, so far as that great in-
terest was concerned. He was aware that trade was
holding out a somewhat better promise for the pres-
ent year; though nothing he had yet seen indicated
.very abundant importations for this year. He sus-
pected that gentlemen had rather looked at the du-
ties collected, under the present very high rates,
than at the value of the importations; for they
would remember, if the imports should rise up to
what had been considered in former years a health-
ful and prosperous state of commerce, with the
present very limited free list, the revenue collected
must be enormous under the present rates of duty.
How was it with agriculture? Was that interest
prosperous' He could speak within his own limited
acquaintance, and not beyond it. In the county of
his residence, the beef and pork and butter and
cheese of the farmer, during the last fall, which
was the season for the sale of those productions,
found one of the dullest markets which that sec-
tion of the country had ever known, and at prices
at least from 15 to 20 per cent, reduced from the
previous very low year. Such was the state of ag-
ricultural prosperity there, and he was infoimed
and believed that all the northern and western coun-
ties of his State had met the same experience.
Breadstuffs, and especially wheat, he believed did a
little better last fall, and found ready markets at mod-
erately fair prices.
The manufacturers, it was said, had been doing a
very lucrative business under this law, and he pre-
sumed that interest might be called prosperous; and
he thought the prosperity derivable from this le-
gislation, must be limited mainly to that interest.
He did believe that the law had exerted some in-
fluence in the restoration, of the public credit, and
the belief that'it would, had operated strongly in in-
ducing him to vote for it; but a much more moderate
law, and one arranged upon fair revenue principles,
while it would have had at least an equal effect in
that direction, would have less embarrassed agricul-
ture and commerce, and laid a more safe and health-
ful foundation for the lasting prosperity of our man-
ufactures.
In speaking of our prosperity, senators seemed to
forget our condition at the time the law passed. The
evils of our bloated credit system had passed over
the country, blighting everything like prosperity,
and leaving only debt and distrust. Time had meas-
urably restored confidence where it was deserved,
and the sponge of the bankrupt law had wiped away
the hopeless load of debt. In this condition, the
country was as certain to rise into a state of pros-
perity, as the young and sound constitution, to re-
cover health, after the seeds of the disease which has
prostrated it have been eradicated. Here was the
great and resistless cause of the. moderate degree of
prosperity which bad yet appeared, and it wm'kl be
scarcely in tiie power of bad legislation to prevent
ils onward progress, though it m'ght, as he believed
this law would, if not properly modified, materially
retard it.
Finally, he would ask, could a system of taxa-
tion be made a system of blessings to a whole peo-
ple? Was it possible that a country could be taxed
into prosperity and wealth and happiness? If the
tax collector was benefited, must not the tax payer
feel the burden? If one interest was positively pro-
moted by the arrangement of the tax, must not
some other one be burdened by it? It was a tax,
and must be paid, and all, therefore, could not receive
and none pay. Would Congress think of imposing
taxes if revenue was not wanted' Would any one
think of imposing high duties if there were no ex-
penses of the government to provide for? He sup-
posed not; and hence it seemed to him that the duties
we do impose should be imposed to raise the means
to meet those expenses, not to defeat revenue by
prohibiting importations.
Let, him not be misunderstood. His argument
was not between protection and no protection.^ It
was between that degree of protection which is inci-
dent to revenue and consistent with it, and prohibi-
tion, destroying revenue, and conferring monopoly.
He was'willing to throw the"whole mass of the
revenue fromcustoms—from sixteen to twenty; mil-
lions of dollars a year—between the, domestic, and
foreign competing interests, for the protection of the
former; but he was not willing to'shut out competi {
tion, break up our commerce, and destroy our reve-
nue to favor any interest. He believed such a poli-
cy unequal and unjust; that'it would unreasonably
burden the exporting interests, and must finally fall
with crushing weight upon the working man.
DEBATE ON THE TEXAS TREATY.
SPEECH or MR. BENTON,
op missouri."
In Senate, Secret Session, Saturday, June 1, JB44.
The order of the day (Mr- Benton's resolutions
on the Texas treaty) being called, Mr.
asked the indulgence of-the Senate, before the order
was taken up, to call the attention of the Senate to
a circumstance which claimed its notice, and^wBich
was immediately connected with the subject under
consideration, and well calculated, in a certain event,
to have a great influence on its decision. I allude
(said Mr. B.) to the call made upon the President
ten days ago for information"concerning a secret en-
gagement, if any such there was, between the
President of the United States and the President of
Texas, for an advance of military and naval.succor
to the latter, as a preliminary article, before he
would agree to the treaty of annexation; and which
call had remained to the present day unanswered.
I will read the resolution, to show the propriety of
the call, and our right to the answer; and will give
some reasons to show our right to take the, call for
confessed, if not answered.
"Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Senate whether any engagement, or agreement, has taken
place between the President of the United .States -and the
President of Texas in relation to naval or military aid to
Texas in the event of an agreement on her part to annex
herself to the United States; and, if so, all the particulars
ol such agreement or promise, with copies of the same, if
in writing. And, also, a copy of all communications, if
any have been made, to the President of Texas, informing
him of the march and sailing of portions of our army and
navy, and the order* given them to communicate with and
report to the said President of Texas "
This was the call, and though adopted on my mo-
tion, it is the call of the Senate, and entitled to all
the respect due to an act of this body. It was not
an idle call, nor one either offered'by the mover, or
adopted by the Senate, without considering what
was due to the gravity of the occasion, and to
the decorum of official intercourse between the
President and Senate. The nature of the call
implied a great error, or mistake, on the part of
the President, in making the United States party to
a foreign war, and imposed upon the Senate the ob-
servance of all possible delicacy and forbearance in
the inquiry which it instituted; but it also supposed
the existence of a fact vital to the treaty under
consideration, and conclusive of one of the questions
on which it hung. War with Mexico, as a conse-
quence of ratifying the treaty, was one of the ob-
jections, and the greatest of all the objections, to its
ratification; and if the supposition on which the res-
olution rested should turn out to be well founded,
th^n this quest'on of war would turn out to be es-
tablished; and tiiat by the mere act of the President,
and without wailin^'for the Senate to become an ac-
cessoiy before the fact. If military and naval aid
wis promised lief..re the . annexation treaty was
signed, and us condition to obtain it, tnen war was?
made before that treaty was signed; and the only
part which the Senate could play afterwards, m
carrying it on, would be in the very subaltern ca-
pacity of an accessory after the fact.
The implications of the resolution were serious;
but the answer to it having been made necessary to
us in our deliberations on the treaty, it was not for
us to take these implications for true, without giv-
ing the President an opportunity of answering. It
was not for us to proceed upon the implications with-
out further light, nor to disregard them under the
lights already had, nor to act u«n the assumption
that the President was in a condition which consti-
tutionally protected him from answering. It is foj
' \
