CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SJI .m1, 0 tileaot t0 which this is a supplement,
sha ft1 jOWS ^ c,ents P®r roile for travelling expenses,
shall be deemed and taken to apply only to travelling when
under orders, within the limits of the United States: and m
+ 1 case? travelling, when under orders, in a foreign
country, or of officers goiug upon or returning from foreign
sei vice, when under orders, or returning upon sick ticket,
wnen m either case they cannot obtain passage in a public
vessel, the actual and necessary travelling expenses, or the
usual and necessary passage money actually paid, shall be
allowed, under such regulations as shall be established by
tne Navy Department.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the officers and
crew of the United States steam ship Missouri, and the offi-
c®r® an(* cre w of the United States sloop of war Peacock,
shall be entitled to the benefit of the provisions contained
in the second section of this act.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the proviso to the 2d section
was amended by striking out after the word "surgeon," the
words "assistant surgeon," and to insert those words in the
same proviso after the words "passed midshipman/' and to
substitute for "seaman," m the same proviso, the words
''ordinary seamen, landsmen, musicians;" and also substitute
$150 lor $100, as the allowance to the boatswain, gunner sail-
maker, or carpenter. '
, .^Ir; TAPPAN remarked that, by the 4th section of the
bill, he found provision was made for the officers and crew
ol thei sloop oi war Peacock. That is, that the benefits of
the 2d section ol the bill were conferred upon them. The
last proviso oi the 2d section required that there shall be a
court-martial to decide whethei, in the loss of such ship or
vessel, no blame attaches to the applicant for the benefits of
tnat section. It was evident that the loss of the Peacock
was one (according to the known lacts) of such a character,
that, by no possibility, could blame attach to those on board
that vessel. To avoid any difficulty, therefore, to those on
board that vessel in the obtainment of the benefits of th« 2d
scction, he suggested to the chairman of the Committee on
iSavai Anairs the propriety of striking out that part requir-
ing a court-martial to decide on the applications.
Mr. BAYARD remarked that this was a general bill, and
it was proper that provision should be made for a court-mar-
tial. If it was the isolated case of the Peacock, such a pro-
vision might not be necessary. The fourth section, howev-
er, provided that the crew of the Peacock shall be entitled to
tne benefits of the second section. There was nothing in it
which made it imperative that applications of those on board
that vessel should be decided by a court-martial. If the sen-
ator from Ohio, howe\er, desired it, he could move an
amendment, making the last proviso to the second section
inapplicable to the crew of the Peacock
Mr. TAPPAN preferred that the chairman of the Naval
Committee [Mr. Bayard] should make the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD remarked that he would rather not make
any such amendment. It would be in the power of the Sec-
retary to order a court-martial or not, in his discretion. It
would cost the officers and crew of the Peacock nothing to
subject their conduct to the investigation of a court-martial
It was necessary to preserve that condition as a geneial pro-
vision. It was sound, ho believed, as a general piovis-
lon. There was some diversity of opinion, at any rate, as
to the loss of that vessel; and to subject those on board to
the conditions of a couit-maitial, would entirely exempt
them from blame, if they were blameless
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that there were those on board
the Peacock who lost valuable libraries, who should be en-
titled to tome xelief for such loss—as much so as the officers
ami seamen if provision was made for the losses of any
on board, it should be made also for those cases. There
was no law at present which compelled the Secretary to
order a court-maitial, but the practice had been, he be-
lieved, where there was any doubt, to make such an order.
When there was no doubt in the mind of that officer, not
only that those concerned were entirely free from blame,
but used exertion to prevent the loss of that vessel, no court
ought to be instituted. Those on board that vessel had
been already exculpated; it would therefore be incurring a
useless expense to the government to order a court-martial.
He thought it was wrong to require the head ofthe depart-
ment, against his own judgment, to order one. He suggest-
ed these things to the chairman of the Naval Committee.
He had no disposition to interfere with the bill; but he be-
lieved it was but just that some provisions should be made
for the losses ol the scientific men.
Mr. BAYARD had no objection that the scientific men
should be provided for. - This was. however, a general bill,
prospective in its nature, and special cases of that charac-
ter could not well be provided for. Provision could be made
in a separate bill for the scientific men. The second section
ef the bill expressly provides that the officers and crew shall
be entitled to the benefits of a court-martial—not that there
must be a court-martial. This general provision was intro-
duced by the advice of a high and experienced naval officer.
He sent the bill to Commodore Morris, and the amendments
he (Mr. B.) sent to the chair, were suggested by him. The
geneial texture and character of the bill met his approba
tion; and the provision for the court-martial especially.
That provision would prevent any charge of favoritism
Mr. ALLEN had his doubts whether it was better to pass
3 general law of this character, or to legislate for special
cases as they arose. He suggested to the chairman of the
Naval Committee, whether it would not be more advisable,
where losses of this character occurred, to pass laws found-
ed upon the particular circumstances of the ci^e. Mr. A.
then alluded to the great distance those vessels of war were
from the United States in many cases, and the mode in which
the crew? are governed—who, he said, were subjected to
the will of one man—to show how important it was that
I ongress should be discreet in its legislation, and do no act
which might be an inducement for those officers to become
negligent, or to be less vigilent than they were. All possi-
ble inducements should be, on the other hand, applied to
make them vigilant, and regardful of the safety of the ves-
sel, and the property of the government, and the prosperity
of those on board.
This bill contained a principle of insurance in favor of
commanders of vessels against the risks ofthe ocean. He sug-
gested whether it would not have a better effect on the ser-
vice to withdraw all those considerations of indemnity
which might have an influence on the minds of the officers.
wreck* Tlm°S,t0 c?ncede; 'llat in oases of losses by ship-
thl im otherwise, where no blame could attach to
t" orew. .those sustaining the loss should he
v particular entent. Suppose a vessel was'
the SlS Sre: y tVis^aw' evor>'man on l,oard- excePt
SL. iS ' would be entitled to compensation for
losses. In the case of a loss of a ship under circumstance
which forbade the presumption that there was any fault to
S r j f ie °" b?ard,'was proper that they should
w'J? 'rJk ?r °^eu> *iad stron5 doubts of the pro-
priety of the policy ofthe government to enter into a general
insurance of all the property df all the officers intrusted to the
command of our vessels. He believed such a policy would
have a tendency to relax that exquisite vigilance which
commanders m the navy should have. Each case, as it oc-
curs, should stand on its own peculiar circumstances. Con-
gress should indemnify as losses occur, and not hold out a
reward m advance.
Mr. WOODBURY said he supposed the chairman ofthe
MvalComnuttee was anxious to settle the details of the
bill, before discussing its general principles. Mr. W. would,
therefore, make no remarks at this time on the latter, but
would take the liberty to inquire, as to the former, whether
the present provisions were intended to extend relief to any
cases where the officers and crew, or a large part ofthem,
were lost with the vessel. If they did not, as seemed to be
the import of the language used, why omit to provide for
such cases by a general bill, and provide for those cases
where only the vessel is lost? Special provision in every
be made, to be sure, in either class; but it was
difficult to see why there ought not to be a general provis-
ion In ene class as well as the other. It was no answer to
this that pensions might exist, in case of death—allowed to a
widow or children for the loss of husband and father; be-
cause there was a loss of private property in both cases,
and usually a greater loss, when both crew and vessel per-
ished; and the suggestion was, whether this loss of proper-
ty ought not, hi some degree, to be made up in wrecks like
the Grampus and Sea Gull, no less than in those like the
Missouri and Peacock—and made up to the heirs or near
relatives of the deceased, as well as in the other cases, to
the officers and men surviving; and if, in one class of cases,
you do it by a general, permanent law, why not do it in the
same way in tho other class?
Mr. BAYARD was understood to remark that there could
be but two classes—the widows and children of those lost
on board; and the pension law already provided for those
two classes.
Mr. BAYARD admitted that there was some force in the
observation of the senator from Ohio; but with regard to
the apprehensions he entertains, thp best guide which we
can have is the experience of the British government, which
has a standing provision for cases of this kind in its naval
laws. It is not designed to indemnify individuals on board
our navy for all their losses, in cases of shipwreck or acci-
dent; but, in particular cases, to make some provision for
them. Their exertions in emergencies, such as accidents at
sea,-are all directed to the preservation of the public proper-
ty; for the discipline of the service necessarily demands
their whole attention to that end. Now, they can give so
little caro to their own personal property, that it often hap-
pens the officers and men escape barely with their lives, in
the clothes they wear. It was not intended by this bill to
indemnify them for the loss of propert) they actually sus-
tain in such cases, but to make some provision in part for
their lo<;s, and to a very limited extent.
Mr. CHOATE rose only to express a hope that the chair-
man of the Naval Committee would not press a bill so novel
and important beyond the stage of amendment, without
time for due deliberation. He was in favor of the general
principles of the bill, and adverse to the view taken ol the
subject by the senator from Ohio. He was in hopes that
senator would, upon reflection, exercise his better feelings,
and give the bill his support. Mr. C. referred to such cases
as that of the loss of the Missouri and Grampus. He in-
stanced the care taken of even the common sailors by the
British laws in such events, and the influence it had on the
naval service of Great Britain. He had risen merely to say
that he had been taken by surprise, the bill being unexpect-
edly called up to-day—the Senate, he conceived, being hard-
ly prepared to proceed with it.
Mr. ALLEN asked if he undeistood the chairman of the
Naval Committee to say theie- was a law of this kind already
on the statute book.
Mr. BAYARD replied that lie had relerred to a general
law of 1800—not 'hat it was exactly applicable to these
cases. Mr. B. explained the design of the provisions in this
bill, particularly in reference to tne scale adopted for grad-
uating the allowances to each individual, according to his
standing in the service. With regard to the suivlvors of
those lost by accidents at sea, they are provided for in the
pension laws. A widow has a pension lor five years, and
the children are al&o suitably provided for.
Mr. ALLEN inquired if any inconvenience had been
found for the last forty years, in leaving each case as it
arose to be legislated lor on its individual merits?
Mr. BAYARD replied that inconvenience would always
be felt in having to legislate separately upon cases which
came under a general class, andcould just as well be legis-
lated for by a general law, if not better, because method and
system would be established, by which there would be less
risk of inequality in the adjudication of cases.
Mr. ALLEN observed that still there was forty gears' ex-
perience against any necessity for this bill, and just so long
experience in favor'of his suggestion, which was, that each
case of this kind should stand upon its own merits. The
senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choatk] had said that he
hoped he {Mr. A.) would consider this scheme with a better
feeling. He had no feeling upon matters of this sort, other
than a feeling of right and justice towards the sufferers, and
policy and propriety as regarded the legislation of Con-
gress. With regard to the matter of equity in indemnify ing
these persons for their losses, to a certain extent, he con-
curred with the senators who had taken that side. He held
that, when a case of this kind was presented, and the proof
sustained the allegation that the claimant was an innocent
sufferer, the government should, injustice, make up to the
sufferers the losses which they had sustained. He differed
from them only in the proposition which they now made, to
pass a general law to meet all accidents. It was a contra-
diction in nature, to systematize accidents. He coals sit
conceive the propriety of incorporating in the laws of the
country a provision that, when an accident joccurs, this,
that, or the other, should be' done by the* government." It
was contrary to all the policy and principles of this govern,
ment, from its foundation up. How was it when a keeper
ol public money became.a loser of that money, by fire-or
otherwise? He came to'Congress to relieve him from his
obligations to pay the money. Upon the principles laid
down m this bill, the person having charge of this money
should not be responsible to the government for the loss* of
it; but a law in the statute book held him accountable, as all
persons intrusted with the property of the government, or
m the public service, ought td be. "When an event occurred
out ot the ordinary course of thingsrit was special legisla-
tion that was wanted, not a general law. He did not want
a general law—a law made for accidents—a law- made to
embrace all the extraordinary and unforeseen catastrophes
which might occur, or might not occur. No;it was not the
business of a general law, it was not the policy'of the gov-
ernment to incorporate the great chapter of accidents in its
general legislation. Let each case stand upon its own par-
ticular circumstances and foundation. There might be cases
(and he could name one that occurred during the late war)
where the officers and sailors stood upon the decks of the^
vessel and fought for their country to the last hour, and
went down fighting for its defence.
Should the friends and relations of brave men of this kind,
be indemnified on the same footing .with those in another
case who were carousing on shore when the ship was liter*
ally taken by surprise and lost, when, by proper care and
precaution, she might have been saved? But yet, the court-
martial might say there was no negligence! He held, there-
fore, that even in cases where the loss might be occasioned
by accident, a general law to apply to all cases, whether
owing to negligence or to unavoidable circumstances,
would be unjust, inasmuch as it would make no discrimina-
tion between those who were culpahle and those who were
really entitled to relief. Let gentlemen take some instances
m the late war, like that which he had named, and put those
men on a level with the men m the Missouri, when she was
lost at Gibraltar, when the commander was not on board
the ship at the time of the accident. Were their losses to
be provided for by the same rule? No! He would not put
men.who had fought in defence oftheir country, while there
was an inch of the vessel above water, and who sank in sus-
taining their flag, on a footing with men who were out din-
w^en *oss n*ight have been prevented. But this
bill put them all on a level, which was one proofof th« in-
congruity of making a general law to provide for accidents
occurring under circumstances entirely different from each
other, in their nature and origin. In certain cases there
might be some slight degree of negligence—not suffi-
cient to deprive the party culpable Irom the bene-
fit of this act; in others, greater or less negligence. There
were various degrees of negligence, as there were degrees
of merit; and the particularcircumstance of each case ought
to be known, in order to enable the government to meet
them in a manner corresponding with the circumstances
under which the accident occurred. This bill made no dis-
crimination. All kinds of ships lost at sea were put in pre-
cisely the same condition. It was a general law to meet ac-
cidents as different as one thing could be from another; and
he declared again, that he was opposed to it, not as being a
measure for the relief of these men, but as a general indis-
criminate law. He repeated that we had had forty years' ex-
perience against the necessity for a general law of this kind,
and forty years'1 experience in favor of special legislation to
meet particular cases. He was very willing to make a prop-
er compensation to the unfortunate sufferers of the Missou-
ri; but it should be commensurate with the circumstan-
ces under which the vessel was lost. Compensation
predicated on the peculiar circumstances of the case, would
be just and proper; but by a general law, putting all cases
on the same fottmg, strict justice could notbe done. There
was a difference in the circumstances of all such cases; and
a general law to meet them all, seemed to him the worst pos-
sible. It was bad policy in the government to establish, by
this system of legislation, a kmd of guaranty, that all
officers and men shall be indemnified for any losses they may
sustain. It offered strong inducements to them to risk these
losses. Besides, it was partial legislation. There was too
great a discrimination made between the officers and the
men. If theie was any inequality at all, the sailors should
get more than the officers, for the sailors were obedient to
the will of the officers, and the loss of a vessel could, In
few cases, be attributed to them. Seldom, indeed, was there
a ship lost by the negligence of the sailors. The officers
got the pay—indeed all the power; and yet the sailors, who
weie exposed to the most dangerous and laborious duties,
were allowed but twenty dollars, in case ofthe loss of a
ship, while the captain got $800.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was not aware, until the senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] called this bill up, that there
was any such bill upon file. This was his own fault, to le
sure—not the senator's. Of the first section of the- bill he
most highly approved; aijd lie really—after giving all t? e
attention and reflection he could to the arguments on bcth
sides—did not know himself how he should vote. It was
agreed by all who had spoken on the subject, that if a ves-
sel be lost without negligence of duty, or want of sufficient
exertion to preserve heron the part of the officers and sea-
men, they ought to be indemnified for the losses they indi-
vidually sustained. No government ought to hesitate a mo-
ment, u, by an unavoidable accident, these officers and sea-
men sustained a loss, to make that loss good. But there
was a very important question involved here. Ought Con-
gress to reserve to itself the power, and impose upon itself
the duty, of investigating all the circumstances of such ac-
cidents, or delegate that power elsewhere?
Investigation was not only necessary, in order to ascertain
the actual amount of losses sustained, but to fix upon the
amount of compensation. Ought Congress to take upon
itself this duty, or ought it to refer it exclusively to the
Navy Department, under the law provided for by this bill?
This was a very important question. He was not awar®
before—though that was of little consequence—that such a
law existed in any other country. He was now enlightened
on that subject. He did not, however, conceive that the
Senate, at this moment, was ready to decide upcm this fk&>
