April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sot
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The JLmistad Negroes—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps,
ject, I feel compelled to occupy the attention of the
House for a few minutes.
"There is a point beyond which forbearance ceases
to be a virtue." In my opinion, we have now reach-
ed that point; and I do not believe that the people of
my district would hold me excusable were I to sit in
silence, and permit this motion to succeed without
any show of resistance. As remarked on a former
occasion, these proceedings to which I have thus
briefly alluded, present the majority of this House
in the attitude of holding a gag in the mouths of
their constituents with one hand, while the other is
employed in taking from their pockets the funds to
be paid over to these slave dealers, as a compensa-
tion for their intended victims, who possessed the
heroism to escape from their grasp.
With these preliminary remarks, I will call the"
attention of the House to a brief history of the facts
connected with this case. In 1839, a number of
slaves were imported from Africa to Cuba, by cer-
tain Spaniards, in violation of the laws of Spain,
and contrary to her treaty stipulations. Arrived at
Havana, they were imprisoned in the baracoons,
until a sale of fifty-two of their number was made to
Montez and Ruiz, who appear to have purchased
them of the importers, in order to take them to
"Principe." For this purpose they obtained licenses
of the government to transport fifty-two "ladinos,"
or "legal slaves," to that place. It will also be
borne in mind that those licenses, or passports,
were granted by the governor while these people
were imprisoned in the baracoons, shut out from
all intercourse with any human being who appeared
disposed to aid them, or sympathize with them.
[Mr. Ingersoll said the gentleman from Ohio
was stating facts that did not appear upon the
record.]
Mr G. I am stating the facts as warranted by
the record. It is true, the record does not go into
detail, so far as to say that the Africans were not
present at the time the passports were granted; but
it shows that they were imprisoned from the time of
their arrival until shipped on board the Amistad;
of course they could not have been. present. The
passports were also granted to Montez and Ruiz,
and stated that "license was given to them to take
fifty-two "ladinos" to Principe. They were not
licenses to the Africans to go there; but the parties
to them were Montez and Ruiz on one part, and
the governor on the other. They left the island on
the 26th June, A. D. 1839, and after being five days
at sea, they rose upon those who held them in du-
rance, and asserted their right to liberty. In the
struggle that followed, the captain and cook were
slain, and the other persons forming the crew and
passengers surrendered, and the negroes thus be-
came masters of the vessel. They, however, appear
to have been actuated by no other motive than a
love of liberty. They shed no more blood than
was necessary to obtain their freedom. They
placed two of the sailors belonging to the ship on
board a boat, in order that they might reach the
shore. They retained Montez and Ruiz on board
to navigate the ship, and directed them to steer for
Africa. These men being unwilling to go to Afri-
ca, ran the vessel for New England, and m August
reached the eastern end of Long Island. A portion
of the crew went on shore to procure water and
provisions. "While they were on shore tor that
purpose, Lieutenant Gedney took charge of the ship
and of the persons on board, claiming vessel and
people as "derelict property." Some of the inhab-
itants also arrested the negroes on shore, and claim-
ing them to be property, insisted upon their right to
salvage, as though they had been so many boxes
of dry goods. Montez and Ruiz claimed to be own-
ers of the ship and cargo, and of the people on board.
The negroes claimed that they were free under the
laws of nature, of nations, and of Spain. They de-
nied that they had ever been slaves under the laws
of Cuba, or any other government. The case was
managed by able counsel, and after the most mature
deliberation, the court decided them to be free; and
they were therefore permitted to enjoy their free-
dom. They returned to their native country long
since; and now, after the lapse of four years, it is
urged that the court erred; and the Committee on
Foreign A (Fairs report a bill to take seventy thousand
dollars from the people of this nation, to pay these
slaveholders for their loss of huinan flesh. Most
of this sum must come from the people of the free
States, who hold this traffic in detestation. They
would not be likely, therefore, to feel perfectly satis-
lied if their servants here shall thus involve thein in
the disgrace of this trade in mankind.
Hence the necessity of sending out this extraor- '
dinary number of the report, which is, perhaps, the
ablest vindication of the slave trade that has emana-
ted from any legislative body during the present
century. It is hoped that this argument will have
the effect of reconciling our people of the North to
the degradation of becoming involved in the guilt
of this commerce.
The author of the report is entitled to much credit
fqr the boldness of his positions: to stand forth up-
on the records of our nation as the advocate of slave
merchants; to espouse the cause of slavedealers,
and to denounce those who oppose that "execrable
commerce," requires at this day no small portion of
moral courage. The report in question, with great
gravity proposes to review and examine the solemn
decision of the highest judicial tribunal known to
our laws. It goes on to point out the supposed er-
rors, and proposes that we shall correct them.
This, I believe, is the first proposition of the kind
ever brought before this body. A new precedent is
sought to be established. We are to erect ourselves
into a court for the correction of errors committed
in the judicial branch of government. How
far the precedent is to extend, I know
not: nor am I able to say whether this
supervisory power is also to extend over the execu-
tive department, or not. We have generally found
much more business than we have been able to
transact, while we confined ourselves to the legiti-
mate subjects of legislation. But if, to these ordi-
nary duties, we add that of a court for the correction
of errors, it will become necessary to have another
department formed, whose duty it shall be to legis-
late for the nation. And what, I ask, is the occasion
which demands of us thus to assume new duties un-
known to the constitution? Why, sir, it is nothing
less than to pay a sum of money from the public
treasury to these slave-traders, in a case where the
law would not give it. We pay a million dollars
annually to suppress the African slave-trade, and to
hang our own people who engage in it; and we are
now asked to pay a large sum to these Spanish
slave-dealers to encourage them to persevere in their
accursed vocation. How many gentlemen who
placed their names on record but a few days since
in favor of a large appropriation of money to sup-
press this African slave-trade, are now willing to re-
cord their names in favor of an appropriation to pro-
mole it? How many are prepared to vote that trade
to-day.who voted against it yesterday?
But I object entirely to sitting in judgment upon
the doings of the Supreme Court. It constitutes no
part of our legitimate duties: it is not embraced
within our constitutional powers.
As an evidence of the impropriety of entering
upon such an undertaking, I need only refer to some
points- in this report. The first error assigned by
the committee, to which I will call the attention of
the House, is this: That the court did not regard the
passports, or license, given by the governor of Cuba
to Montez and Ruiz as conclusive evidence against
these Africans. The committee speak of these
passports as "documentary evidence of a high nature,"
and appear to regard them as conclusively showing
that the negroes were slaves. I have heretofore
stated that they were given by the governor to
Montez and Ruiz while the negroes were not pres-
ent. It was done without evidence, or even the
least inquiry whether these people were "ladinos,"
or not. The license was merely to take fifty-two
"ladinos" from the Havana to Port Principe. But
the governor called no witness as to the fact nf these
people being ladinos. He made no inquiry; nor
were the negroes in any manner parties to the in-
strument, or privies in law. They were ignorant
of the execution of the passports, and even of their
existence. Yet the committee regard these pass-
ports as "documentary evidence of a high character,"
not merely obligatory upon the negroes, and suffi-
cient to deprive them of their liberty, but sufficient
to bind the people of the free States, and to take
from them their money, for the benefit of Spanish
dealers in slaves.
I wholly dissent from this doctrine. These pass-
ports were doubtless evidence between the parties
to them. They would bind the governor who made
them, and Montez and Ruiz to whom they were
made. Here their legal effect stopped. They were
not legal evidence against those Africans. They
were neither parties or privies to the passport. [
think no member of this body will contend that it
was in the power of the governor of Cuba, with the
aid of Montez and Ruiz, to manufacture evidence
which, in law, could bind those Africans; and that,
too, in .their absence, and without their knowledge.
It will also be borne in mind that the governor was
merely a ministerial officer. He' instituted no in-
quiry as to the condition of these men. He neither
examined them, nor called witnesses, nor examined
evidence. These slave-dealers called on him for the
license to take fifty-two slaves to Principe, and paid,
him the customary duties^
[Mr. Ingersoll wished to say that the governor
had the bills of sale, by which these-negroes, were
transferred to Montez and Ruiz, before him when he
granted the passports.]
Mr. G. resumed. I have no recollectioh of that
fact. But suppose it to be true: it only shows that the
principle cannot be sustained by that fact. Theses
bills of sale were made out by the importers of those
negroes. These importers were pirates, and Montez
and Ruiz purchased the negroes, knowing them to
have been unlawfully imported. These bills"of sale,
therefore, were the writings of OBe pirate, made and
executed without even the semblance of an "oath, and
then delivered over to other pirates wTio laid them
before the governor as evidence; and the gentleman
who drew this-report relies upon these bills of sale,
made under such circumstances, as the evidence on
which the governor acted. Of course, the action of
the governor could add nothing to the force of this
evidence, for he founded his opinion upon such bills
of sale. If they were false, then his opinion would,
of course, be unfounded. If they were fraudulent,
his judgment must be wrong. If they were of
doubtfurcharacter, his opinion would-be of the same
description. And, according to all logic, the whole
case stands before us as though we now had the
bills of sale to act upon, and nothing more; fori
repeat, that the opinion of" the governor, founded
upon those bills of sale, could add nothing to their
force or validity; and this report, in that case, rests
wholly upon the word °fa pirate, and- that, too,
without oath. Is it upon such proof that we are
asked to take money from the treasury and give it
to those hucksterrs in humanity?
Why, sir, suppose the honorable member from
Philadelphia, who framed this report, had been
seized by the same pirates, and, with .fifty-one of
his neighbors, carried to Havana and shut up in
the baracoons; that, while thus confined, his, pirate
captors had made a bill of sale to Montez and Ruiz,
who thereupon had obtained a license from the gov-
ernor to transport fifty-two "ladinos" from Havana
to Principe: would such permit have proven the hon-
orable gentleman and his neighbors to be in fact
"ladinos?" The proof would have been the
as in the case under consideration. Had our friends
and countrymen been thus seized, carried to Havana,
and reshipped, and had they made their escape in the
same manner that those Africans made theirs, and
landed at the same place, and been brought before
the same court, claimed as slaves, would the court
have hesitated a moment in liberating them? Would
the gentleman, in such case, have been willing to fall
a victim to his own doctrines? Yet, sir, these pass-
ports would be as binding on Americans as they
were upon Africans. They would have been as
obligatory upon the gentleman as they were upon
Cinqua and his associates.
The same rules of law would apply to both; and
the court, according to the principles advocated in
this report, would have been bound to deliver the
gentleman over to these slave-dealers, to suffer
upon the gibbet as a terror and an example to every
other human being, who loves liberty and detests
slavery. Sir, I am not willing to pay out the public
money for the purpose of promulgating such princi-
ples of law among my constituents. I think very
few of them would be misled by such doctrines, yet
it would be at least a useless expenditure of money.
But the report speaks of these Africans as "mur-
derers and pirates." Opprobrious epithets cost lit-
tle. The word "murderer" is as easily written as
"African;" and to the unthinking it carries with it
at least an imputation of guilt, and may serve to
impress their minds with an idea that a person held
in slavery in violation of all law, human and divine,
possesses no right to assert his liberty, or to slay
the man who would hold him and his offspring in
degrading bondage. Sir, there was a day when Af-
ricans held Americans in slavery. In the year
1804 many Americans were held in slavery by the
Algerines with as much justice, and as much law,
as these Africans were held by Montez and Ruiz.
What terms were then applied to the Algerines who
held them in slavery? Why, sir, the whole civilized
world pronounced them "pirates and robbers." The
contempt and execrations of civilized man were con-
