602
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.*1
The Jlmistad JVegroes—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
xientrated upon them. But this report speaks of
Montez and Ruiz as "much-abused gentlemen."
They merited death as much as the Algerines did.
In point of crime, they stood upon the same level;
but while we call the Algerines "barbarians," "pi-
rates," and "robbers," this report speaks of Montez
and Ruiz with the highest respect. Sir, such was -
the feeling entertained by the American people
towards those who held our countrymen in bond-
age, that we sent a fleet, commanded by our most
gallant officers, to slay them; and most valiantly did
they perform that duty. Why, sir, look at the
beautiful monument in front of this Capitol. On it
you will read the names of Somers, Caldwell, De-
catur, and others, who fell gallantly fighting to re-
lieve their countrymen from the galling chains of
slavery. They and their'comrades slew those Al-
gerines by scores and by hundreds, for the identical
cause which nerved the arms of Cinqua and his as-
sociates on board the Amistad. For their noble
deeds we have erected a splendid monument to their
memory. But this report stigmatizes those who
slew the Spanish slave-traders as "murderers and
pirates." Sir, the principles of justice are un-
changeable and eternal. If it were wrong in the
Algerines to enslave Americans, it was equally so in
these Spaniards to enslave Africans. If it were
just and right to slay those Algerines who held
Americans ui slavery, it was equally just and proper
to slay the Spaniards who held those Africans in
slavery. If those who slew the Algerines perform-
ed a brave, noble, generous, and patriotic act, those
"who slew the Spaniards performed an act no less
gallant and noble. On the other hand, if Cinqua
and his associates were "murderers and pirates,"
we ought at once to tear down the proud monument
to which I have alluded, and to erase those names
inscribed upon it from the page of American histo-
ry. This report is a labored attempt to disparage
deeds of heroic patriotism. It stigmatizes Cinqua
and his associates as "pirates and murderers," for
the reason that they fought gallantly for freedom,
and despised the craven coward who would submit
lo slavery. Sir, I do not wish to inculcate such
sentiments in the minds of American youths; I
would rather appropriate this seventy thousand dol-
lars to erecting a monument to perpetuate the gallant
deeds of those rude Africans.
Another feature in this report demands a passing
notice: I allude to that portion which attributes to
''British influence" the support of those doctrines
which were put forth by Jefferson, in the de-
claration of independence in 1776; and charges the
advocates of American liberty with being actuated
by "foreign influences." Sir, the patriots of 1776
declared "that all men are created equal; that they
are endowed by their creator with certain inaliena-
ble rights; that among those <ue life, libetty, and the
pursuit of happiness."
To-day 1 declarc that Cinqua and his associates
*were created equal, with those who now sit in this
hall, that their rjghts were inalienable; that their
claim to liberty was as clear and indisputable as
r>urs. These, sir, are my sentiments; and am 1 to
be charged with acting under "British influence?
Are the people to be told that the doctrines uttered
)>y our fathers have been repudiated by theii sons?
That the high souledlove of liberty, so zealously in-
culcated by the heroes and patriots of the revolution,
has fled from the bosoms of their descendants? That
3t is only kept alive in this republic by "British in-
fluence*" Have we, sir, yielded those principles for
■which so much effort was put forth, so much trea-
sure expended, and so much blood was shed m our
revolutionary struggle? Do the sons of the pilgrim
fathers now bow submissively to the "dark spirit of
slavery," unless operated upon by "foreign influen-
ces?" If such be the case, let us mourn over our
degeneracy in silencc; but, in the name of justice,
let us not incur the unnecessary expense of publish-
ing such facts to the world. Other nations will be-
come acquainted with our degradation without our
being at the expense of printing it for their bcnelit.
But, sir, what shall we say of those who practi-
cally deny these doctrines, and uphold wiong, injus-
tice, oppression, and crime—those who stand forth
as the open advocates of slavery and the slave trade
an all us hated deformity-—who would sustain that
execrable commerce in human flesh at the expense
♦of our laboring people—who would appropriate
ihf earnings of our freemen of the North, to en-
« on rage Spanish slave-dealers in their purchase and
ia'o of fathers and mothers and children? I will not
accuse them of being operated upon by slave-tra-
ding influence. I leave them, their influences, and
motives, to the judgment of those to whom we are
all accountable; "to their own masters they stand or
faH."
Another point in this report to which I wish to
call the attention of the House and country, is that
which insists that these people, who had liberated
themselves from the power of their Spanish oppres-
sors, and who had landed upon the territory of our
empire State, were in fact the property of these
Spanish slave-dealers.
From the arguments used in this report, the peo-
ple will be led to believe that man, bearing the im-
press of his Creator, standing upon the soil of New
York, may be seized as property by inhuman mon-
sters from the Spanish slave ships, and carricd to
Cuba, to bondage, degradation ana death; that man
may be held as property in New York by Spanish
slavers. If so, it follows that he may be bought
and sold there. For, truly. New York affords a
market for all kinds of property; and we may ex-
pect to see men sold there as well as other property,
if this doctrine be correct. Is this the case? Do the
laws of New York recognise such doctrine? Do the
laws of the United States regard man as the property
of his fellow-man? No such principle can be found,
either in the laws of NewYork or of the United States.
I deny that under our federal constitution man
can be regarded as property. I say this because that
instrument regards slaves as persons, and not as prop-
erty. I say it would be ivrong to admit that man can
be made property. I make this declaration because
Mr. Madison (the father of the constitution) made
the same assertion at the framing of the constitu-
tion.
[Mr. C. J. Ingersoi.l wished to know where
the evidence of Mr. Madison's opinion was to be
found.]
Mr. G. resumed. Mr. Madison's opinion on
this subject was recorded by himself, among the de-
bates on adopting the constitution, and may be
found in the "Madison Papers." I do not now re-
fer to the right of the slave States to declare one
part of their people to be the property of the others.
1 only say that man cannot be made property, ex-
cept ky the positive enactment of the supreme pow-
er of a government. We hold our title to property
independent of municipal law. It is .said tnat man
holds dominion over the beasts of the field and the
fowls of the air, from the Creator who formed them;
and that such dominion has been continued down to
this day; but no such power was given to one man
to hold another in subjection as property. It can,
therefore, be done only by the supreme power of
the nation. Our paramount law has conferred upon
Congress no authority to transform our fellow-men
into property by legislative enactment. No attempt
lo pass such law has, to my knowledge, been made,
although frequent efforts have been put foith to in-
duce Congress tacitly to admit, by our action, that
man may be holden as propeity. When our own
citizens of the slave States ha\e called on us to pay
for slaves lost in the public service, we have uni-
formly refused such payment.
But these people were not, at any time, slaves un-
der Spanish laws. They were no more propeity
than the author of tins leport and his neighbois
would have been property, if lbicibly taken by pi-
rates from "the good city of brotheily love," and
carried to Havana, and reshipped for Principe, and
then had i cached Long Island by the same means
used by these Africans. If such had been the case,
I doubt whether the honorable gentlemen would
have reported a bill to pay these "much-abused
Spanish gentlemen" seventy thousand dollars for
fifty-two Philadelphians. 1 doubt whether he would
have regarded himself as a "piuUe" or "murderer,"
noi do 1 think he would ha\e denounced me ns act-
ing under "British influence" m asserting his right
to liberty, or in expressing my hatred of Ins cap-
tors.
But, sir, suppose these people had, under the
laws ot Cuba, been slaves, nnpoitcd into that island
prior to the treaty between Spain and England,
while their laws permitted the impoitation of Afri-
cans as slaves, and they had made their escape in
the maimer adopted by these people, and had
reached our shores, and nought our hospitality:
would we then have delivered them up? Is there
any principle of international law, or is there any
treaty stipulation resting upon us, or is there any
principle of morals, that would have required us to
deliver them ov<jr to these rapacious slave-dealers?
All principles of good faith and of international law
forbid the surrender of those who seek our protec-
tion. When individuals reach our shores, they are
entitled to our hospitality, and to personal security.
We cannot inquire into the relation which existed
between them and other people, under the laws of
other nations. When tHey leave such governments,
those relations are suspended until they return within
the jurisdiction of the laws under which such rela-
tions existed. If an apprentice from Great Britain
were to reach our shores, and his master should call
on our government to arrest him and deliver him
over to the parent or guardian, we could not enter
into the investigation to see whether he were or weie
not an apprentice under English law. If a serf of
Russia should escape to our shores, and his owner
were to demand his arrest and delivery, there is no
officer of this government that possesses authority
to institute an inquiry into the relation that existed
between thrm while both were within the jurisdic-
tion of Russian laws. The same rule would apply
to Spanish slaves. When they, or the serfs of Rus-
sia, or the apprentices of England, reach our shores,
they virtually become free. They are entitled to
our hospitality and protection. This doctrine has
been recognised, I believe, by all civilized nations
for centuries past. But this report seeks to over-
throw this established law of nations, and to set up
new principles unknown among civilized govern-
ments. The author quotes the 8th, 9th, and 10th
articles of our treaty with Spain, made in 1795. By
the article first referred to, this government covenant-
ed to permit Spanish vessels, driven into our ports
by stress of weather, by pirates or enemies, to de-
part with their people. Now what connection there
is between the provisions of this section and the
case under consideration, I am unable to discover.
These were Africans who sought our hospitality,
and not Spaniards. It is, however, true that these
Africans were not permitted to depart as they should
have been, but were detained in prison, contrary to
all law and precedent.
The next section quoted, provides that we will
deliver to their Spanish owners, all ships and mer-
chandise, rescued out of the hands of "pirates or
robbers." The negroes had rescued this ship from
the hands of men whom we regard as pirates. But
it was not biought to our shores by "pirates or
robbers;" but by freemen, who had fought for their
own liberty, and who had gallantly won it, and to
whom the ship and cargo belonged, as clearly as
any ship captured during our revolution belonged
to its captors. The last section quoted relates to
the charges and dues which shall-be paid by the
vessels of each nation, when under the necessity of
repairing in the ports of the other.
The author of the report insists that these sec-
tions of the treaty "imposed upon this government
the high duty of surrendering up the negroes." He
does not, however, designate which section or
clause imposed upon us that duty. He leaves the
reader to search that out for himself. He terms the
the negroes "pirates and murderers;" but neither
section has any relation to surrendering up offend-
ers of any descuption. If they were in fact
"pirates or murderers" under our laws, it would have
been our duty to have detained them, and tried and
punished them, instead of suriendering them up to
any other power. I understand, however, that the
author regarded these people as property, and em-
braced under the term "merchandise," used in the
ninth section of the treaty. And, sir, we are, I
suppose, to understand this as the democratic doc-
trine, that men and merchandise are convertible
terms. That men are to be regarded in New York
as objects of purchase and sale. Indeed I do not
know but such is to become the established opin-
ions of this House, under its, present democratic
majority. As I have already stated, we have al-
ways, since the adoption of the federal constitution,
refused to pay for slaves when killed in the public
scrvice. Rut we have bills already reported at this
session in favor of paying from the public treasury
ninety-three thousand dollars for persons sold as
shwes; but who were disposed to take care of them-
selves, and would not remain m servile bondage. I had
hoped, howe\er, that our people of the free States
would not be taxed to pay for slaves of other na-
tions. But this bill and report have dissipated that
expectation. The Committee on Foreign Relations
appear to think that our good people of the North
are bound to pay to these "much abused piratical
Spanish gentlemen" the trifling sum of seventy
thousand dollars, in consequence of the ungovern-
able love of libery which these Africans possessed.
It is, however, difficult to understand precisely the
. logic by which the laboring men of my district are
to be held responsible for the conduct of Africans '
