CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45,136 "hogs, and 7,564 tons, of lead. I venture the assertion,
that these products weremore than doubled the past season.
The increase is surpassing what was once considered the
most extravagant estimates.
The grGat southern mail is transported on this river until
it reaches La Salle, the termination of the great national
canal which is to connect some 18,000 miles of inland navi-
gable waters. The business on. this river has already
briskly commenced, and there will be risked on its waters,
the coming season, over $1,000,000, aside from shipping, and
many hundred thousand human lives.
Eut its main impoi tance, in a national point of view, can-
not be estimated in a time of peace. If there should ever
agajn be a rupture between this country and Great Britain,
we should find our northern lakes covered with British
forces from the Wclland canal; and should they get posses-
sion of a very few important points, they would break up all
communication in that direction, and our only access to the
lakes with our troops and munitions of war would be
through this very river; and the same would be the case
with ail the country about lake Michigan. I consider this
appropriation of great national importance, and I hope gen-
tleman will w nhdraw their opposition; and if not so, that the
proposition to strike it out v. ill be voted down by a majori-
ty sufficient to silence all opposition for the future.
It is asked why we do not ask for a specific appropriation
for this riv cr J in the first place we are willing to trust the
important e of all the contemplated improvements to the dis-
cretion of those, the business of whose lives has been en-
grossed m a study oi the topography of this country, and in
the improvement of its great navigable thoroughfares. As
the Illinois river is one of the most important branches of
the Mississippi in point of shipping, it would be safest to let
the responsibility of stating how much of the aggregate sum
for all the rivers could, to the best advantage of the nation,
and injustice to the great importance of the other streams,
be diverted to this.
In the second place, if we should have a specific appro-
priation, it would take the most of the first year's appropria-
tion to procure the machinery and implements necessary
to commence operations; and it would require separate offi-
cers and workmen: whereas, under this general appropria-
tion. at a season most befiting, the general superintendent
oi the improvements on the Mississippi could take up the
machinery and implements already owned by government,
and, in a very few days, could remove the principal ob-
structions to the navigation of this very important river,
and at a comparatively trivial expense.
In the third place, the bill is drawn up to meel any consti-
tutional sex uples which the President may have, for one, I ■
see nothing m this bill contradictory to the doctrines laid
down by President Jackson, in his veto of the Wabash riv-
er. I always understood General Jackson to be in fa-
vor of improving the Mississippi river and all its tributaries
Up to the point at which they were navigable at ordinary
seasons ot the year; and th>' Illinois is a direct, and very
important tributary of the Mississippi, navigable to the ter-
mination of tho canal at all seasons, and carrying the gieat
southern mail. That President Tyler approves of all Gen-
eral Jacksons vetoes. I can safely say. That he will ap-
prove of tins bill whilst containing this appropriation, I am
confident. Eut, in case he is opposed to the improvement
of the Illinois, he is under no necessity of vetoing the whole
bill. The disbursements under it are at his discretion,
through the Pecretarj of "War and the Topographical de-
partment. He can sign the bill, with the explanations that
he shall order no improvements of the Illinois on constitu-
tional grounds. It w ill then be for Congress to say whether
the whole appropriation ahall go to the other rivers, or
w hether a part shall be withheld, and every one knows that
the others need much more than the largest sum proposed
ior them on this rioor. But I am entertaining no fears of
Mich a veto; and those bringing up such objections seem
rather to hope than expect it.
As to the importance of all western improvements, it is
not expected thai I can say much of interest, after the pro-
tracted discussion on the reference of the President's mes-
sage, which took place at the commencement ofthis session.
It is sufficient to say that twelve millions of people, and fif-
teen f'.tates, nnd two Territories, are more or lc ss interested
in this bill; and that the interest of all ihe others in it is not
\ fry remote. And this appropriation, slight as it is, is scat-
tered over 30,000 miles ol coast. "2,000 of which belong to a
foreiga country. The plain of the Mississippi alone covers
an aiea of 432,U00 square miles, extending from north to
eolith 19 degrees, and 10 from east to west. And, in addi-
tion to the gre<itlv incieasing lead tiade ahead} alluded to,
1 might mention'that the lumber hade from the St Croix
nuil Chippewa countries is greatly increasing also. And I
may here whl that t\\ o-thirds of the tonnage of the United
Slates belongs to the We^t, and thatamountgnatl) exceeds,
the whole tonnage of Great Britain, ten years ago. And this
trade is not exclusively dorrest.c. as many would infer at
first sight Last )  .'8i\ there cleaml from the United States
ior Canada 1 34-:] vessel®, amounting to 2-2Q.000 tons, with
i-, <V>0 men and hovs, and from our Atlantic portstoGre.it
l>ntoin, Scotland, anrt Ireland. ^7 vessels, amounting to
lTj.tGO tons, w ith (>.000 men and boys, and to all the ports
cJ the world. 4 .",29 vessel?., with 740.5(30 tons, with 43,377
men and boys. Thus we see that our Canadian trade
fijir.N tu o-fifths of the vessels, tonnag'. and men we employ
in cn.nmcict' w >th the whole world It is this commerce
which we wish to protect; and we will be satisfied with
much less than iwo-nlths ol what has been expended on the
Atlantic frontier A few more statistics may not be aiuii>s
}■ our towns, (vi/: ( let eland, Deuoit. Sandusky, and Chica-
go,) last 3 e.T exported 1 894.0PQ bushels of wheat, and
M*i.903 b.-'ii-els ol flour. At the opening of the New York
canals, there will be ready in storehouses the following
amount ol produce, from a few towns only:
Buffalo,
Black Rook,
Milan,
Toledo,
Monroe,
Detroit,
FT.Ol'R.
Barrels.
1,3,000
10,000
18.000
2f>,000
100,000
WHEAT.
Bushels.
30,000
20,000
•200,000
30,000
40,000
PORK.
Barrels
St. Joseph,
Michigan City,
Chicago,
Total,
65,000
4,000
30,000
267,000
50,000
310,000
350,000
930,000
3,600
25,000
23,500
These statistics are incomplete, and are only given as a
very faint idea of the business of the very many towns on
the shores of the great lakes. Could w e obtain this, and to
it add the amount of trade gathered from the towns along
the Mississippi and its far distant tributaries, we could soon
show what irresistible chums we have to even far greater
appropriations than we now ask for.
There is one more light in which I wish to view this sub-
jeet. J?very improvement like those now asked for, encour-
ages emigration to the West, and so increases the demand
for public lands, of which all the western States contain
more or less. The government nteds the money arising
from the sale of these lands, and the States wish them hur-
ried into market, so as to tax them, as the States, too, are
greatly indebted. But give them the power to tax every
acre of land within their boundaries, and we shall hear no
more of then refusing to pay their interest or their princi-
pal. And yet, this power they cannot have until the land
has been sold five years; and, for the last five years, gov-
ernment has pursued such a parsimonious policy to the
West, that the demand for land has been comparatively
very small. When people hear the western States taunted
with not paying their debts, let them remember that this
very government is the cause of it. Not quite one-half of
the land of Illinois is yet taxable, and fifteen millions of
acres aie yet. unsold. A discreet outlay of one million
of these fifteen, or the value thereof, in the improvement of
the Dcs Moines and Rock island rapids m the Mississippi;
in the completion of the Cumberland road, and of the
Northern Cross railroad from Quincy to Danville; in the im-
provement of the Illinois and Wabash rivers; in tne comple-
tion of the Illinois and Michigan canal with a lateral branch to
Fox and Rock rivers; the completion of the harbor at Chi-
cago, and erection of light-houses at Chicago and Littlefort,
which embrace all our propositions before Congress,—would
bring the remaining fourteen millions into immediate mar-
ket, would add thousands to the population of our State, and
hasten on that happy day (which I hope I shall live to see)
when Illinois shall be out of debt. Delay our appropria-
tions, and you delay the sales of our public lands, and put
oft the payment of our State as well as our national debt.
And during this delay, the expenses of seven land offices
are kept up; when in one year, by a proper policy, the most
of the lands might be sold, and all the offices closed but
one.
Sir, this is the president-making session, and from all
such but little good has ever been expected or experienced.
Jealousy thwarts every good intention, and mocks every
honest effort. But, at the next session, the great conflict
will be over, and men will be left to follow the impulses of
their own conscience with a less degree of censure. And
then will be the time to dispose oi this land question, when
the political character of our government will still be trian-
gular, and when it is hoped the three conflicting partes may-
be able to unite on some plan to dispose of them to the
States in which they are, or in some other way, so that they
all may he speedily sold, and their proceeds may be capa-
ble ol getting our nation out of debt, and improving the
condition and credit of the States in which they lie. For
one, sir, 1 pledge myself to bring forward some "proposit'-on
of the kind at the earliest possible period of the next ses-
sion; and I will he willing to compromise it for any more
favorable plan that w ill bring about a speedy sale, and so
the sooner make taxable every acre of our public domain.
Mr. JAMESON said, lest he should not have another op-
portunity of defining his position, he would do so now.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Brikk*,rhoi- k] had told them
that, at a proper time, he intended to propose to amend the
bill by adding 
Mr. STEENROD observed that it was not in order for the
gentleman to discuss an amendment which had not been
proposed.
Mr. JAMESON said the gentleman from Ohio not only
gave notice that he would offer an amendment, but pro-
ceeded to give reasons in favor of that amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON said the gentleman was strictly in order.
He was but repl) mg to arguments which had been advanced
in the debate.
Mr. .1 A MESON said his whole object was. not to be placed
in a false position. Be had always been in favor of the
Cumberland road, but he would not support the proposition
as an amendment to this bill. If ought to be brought for-
ward as a separate proposition.
Mr. HENI,KY called the attention of the committee to an
amendment he proposed to ofier. w hen in order to do so. to
$25,000 of the sum appropriated for the Ohio river,
between Pittsburg and Louisville, to the clearing out the
channel of said river above the falls As it probably would
not be in order for him to make an\ leinarks at the time
w hen he should be enabled to otter his amendment, he pro-
posed to take this occasion to say a few words in explana-
tion of its necessity.
Mr. H. then went on to state that, by the clearing out of the
channel, a number of small boats might pass the falls,
which were now obliged to pay the enormous tolls ex-
acted by the canal company. lie would undvitake to say
that the coal boats of Pennsj lvama alone paid enough lolls
m one >ear to make the desired improvement. lie had
seen fifty boats, at one time, waiting for a rise m the nvcr.
rather than pay the exorbitant tolls charged on that canal
Mr PCHENCK made a few remarks in support of the
amendment that would he ottered for the continuation of
the Cumbeiland road.
The hour of 2 o'clock having arrh ed, all debate w as ter-
minated, as provided by resolution; and the committee pro-
ceeded to vote on the pending amendments.
On the amendment to the amendment proposed by Mr.
Houston, tellers were called for, and Messrs. Winthrcp
and Thompson- were appointed; and they reported "0 in the
affirmative, and 76 in the negative—no quorum voting.
Several other gentlemen then voted, to make a quorum;
and there were 33 in the affirmative, and 86 in the negative.
So the amendment was lost.
The vote was then taken on the original amendment; and
it was rejecied—45 voting;; in the- affirmative; «kL78 In the-,
negative. • .
Mr. McDOWELL moved to strike out the word "Illi-
nois." . ' .
Mr. DOUGLASS rose and said he had-been for sometime
confined by sickness-; and as he felt a deep interest ia thfar-
question, he appealed to the courtesy of the committee* to -
indulge him in a few remarks, to show why this proposi- *
tion ought not to prevail..
The CHAIRMAN said debate was not in order.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he did not claim it as a right; but
appealed to the indulgence of the committee to favor him
with a hearing.
Mr. WENT WORTH said his colleague had been confined
for six weeks; avid he hoped the House would accede to his ■
request.
Mr. HARDIN would move a suspension of the rules,
for the purpose of accomplishing the purpose of his col-
league.
The CHAIRMAN intimated that such a motion could not
be entertained in committee.
Mr. WINTHROP said he should be very happy to hear"
the gentleman from Illinois; but the House had instructed •
the Committee of the Whole to terminate debate on this bill
at 2 o'clock, and then to proceed to vote; and the committee
could not go beyond the instructions of the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH appealed to the common consent of
the committee.
Mr. WHITE said, if every member of the committee con*
sented, it could not be done; for the committee had no pow-
er to annul a resolution of the House.
Mr. WELLER objected to the continuation of this discus- -
si on
The CHAIRMAN then put the question on the motion to
strike out the word "Illinois;" and the vote being taken by
Messrs. McDo^p.ll and Hardin, as tellers, the amendment
was negatived—44 voting in the affirmative, and 70 in the
negative.
Mr J. A. WRIGHT moved to insert the word "Wabash"
after the word "Illinois."
The vote was taken by Messrs. Hammett and Joseph A.
"Whigin, as tellers; and it was adopted—70 voting in the af-
firmative, and 49 in the negative.
Mr. "HOUSTON moved to fnsert the word "Tennessee;" -
which was rejected, the vote (taken by the same tellers) be-
ing 49 in the affirmative, and 66 in the negative.
Mr. PE1TON moved to insert the word "Cumberland."
The amendment was rejected—ayen 52, noes 67.
Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON offered the following amend-
ment;
Jlnd be it fm fher enacted, That the sum of one hundred
thousand dollars he, and the same is hereby, appropriated
for the improvement of Holston river, and ail its tributaries;
to be drawn and expended at such time, and in such man-
ner, by the commissioners now appointed by the laws of
Tennessee, as in their opinion will be best calculated to pro-
mote the great commercial interest of the eastern portion
of the State of Tennessee.
Jlnd If it further enacted, That the eity of Knoxville, in
Knox county, Tennessee, be. and the same is hereby, de-
clared a port of entry.
Mr. J„ in ottering this amendment, observed that he did
not wish to be understood as expressing any opinion as to
the powder of Congress to make these appropriations.
Mr. BARNARD moved to amend, by inserting:
For the improvement of the navigation of the Hudson
river below Albany, $80,000.
The vote upon this amendment was taken by tellers, who
reported 53 in the affirmative, and 70 in the negative.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SLIDELL moved to amend, by inserting:
For the improvement of the navigation of the Red river,
$60,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STILES offered the following amendment:
That $00,000 be appropriated for the removal of obstruc-
tions in the Savannah river, placed there during the revolu-
tionary war foi national defence.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PATTERSON offered to amend the appropriation of
$10,000 to improve the harbor at the month of Genesee
river, and insert in it<= place $20,000. Also to add, after the
30th line, "five thousand dollars to improve the mouth of
Sandy Creek upon Lake Ontario, in the county of Monroe.
Mi* HUNT of New York offered an amendment making
an appropriation of $25,000 for the improvement of Eighteen
Mile Creek, on Lake Ontario Rejected.
Mr. LYON offered an amendment appropriating $12,000
for the harbor at the month of Kalamazoo river, and $12,500
for the improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Grant
river. Rejected.
Mr. TUCKER moved to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill, but
The CH A.IR decided that the motion was not in order.
Mr. RODNEY moved to amend the bill by adding appro-
priation1? for a variety of objects of internal improvements,
which are enumerated m another bill before the Hou&c.
The CHaIR decided that the motion was not in order on
the ground that the amendment was substantially, though
not entirely, the same as- another bill before the House.
Mr. RODNEY appealed fiom the decision of the Chair.
The question was taken on the appeal, and the decision of
the Chair was sustained-aj-es 78. noes 5:1.
Mr ROGERS moval to amend the bill by inserting
$50,000, instead of $20,000, lor the preservation of harbors
on the lakes not enumerated in the bill. Rejected.
Mr. McCONNELL oltered the following amendment.
For repairs of the Natural Bridge in Rockingham county-
Virginia, $100,000, and forthe improvement of the naviga-
tion of Salt river, $25,000.
Mr. WHITE asked if there had been a survey of Salt
river.
Mr. McCONNELL said that a number of whigs who had
been there, reported that there were many obstructions in
the river.
The amendment was rejected,
Mr. WELLKR offered an amendment ^toj come in as tw<*
