504
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1-844.
28th Gong 1st Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Hamlin.
H. of Reps.
him to slay them in order to regain his liberty,
then it becomes his imperative duty to take their
lives rather than to remain in bondage, and doom
his offspring to interminable slavery. Such would
have been the duty of Cinqua and his associates, had
they been imported into Cuba, agreeably to the laws
of Spain, and held as slaves. It would have been
their duty to escape, even at the expense of the lives
of those who attempted to prevent them from re-
gaining their liberty.- They would also have pos-
sessed a good and valid right to appropriate the ship
and cargo to the purposes of aiding them in their re-
turn _ to Africa; and no human being would have
had the just authority to take the ship or cargo out
of their hands. Therefore, in whatever aspect this
case is presented, it is perfectly clear that the Amis*
ted did not enter our waters as a Spanish ship, but
as an African ship, commanded and owned by Afri-
cans, who were entitled to our hospitality; and with
whose liberty, or whose property, we had no right
to interfere. The war between them and the sub-
jects of Spain was a matter which did not con-
cern us. We should have maintained the rights,
and performed the duties, of a neutral people. If,
however, we had transcended the rights of neutral-
ity, and interfered with either party, such interfer-
ence should certainly have been in behalf of the
weak, and the oppressed, instead of the strong, and
the oppressors. But I proceed to an examination of
the second resolution, which declares in substance,
that—
"A ship driven by stress of weather within the jurisdiction
of a friendly power, carries with her the laws of the gov-
ernment under whose flag she sails; and that the persons on
board, and their relations to each other, as established by
such laws, are to be protected by the government within
whose jurisdiction she seeks safety."
If this doctrine were correct, I have already shown
that its application to the people on board the "Amis-
tad" would have protected the negroes in their
possession of the ship and cargo, and of Montez and
Kuiz, as their prisoners. But the doctrine is erro-
neous. Suppose a slave ship from South Carolina,
or any other sister State, were to enter the port of
Boston from stress of weather: would the laws of
Massachusetts lend their protection to the slave-
dealers? If the slaves should rise in a body, and
come on shore in pursuit of their freedom, would
the officers of that State, or the people of Boston, be
bound to pursue such fugitives through the streets
of that city? Or if, in pursuit of freedom, they were
to seek sanctuary in "Faneuil Hall1'—that old cm-
die of liberty—would the good people of that patriot-
ic Commonwealth seize them, and drag them forth,
replace them on board the slave sbipv, and deliver
them over to the tender meicies of piratical dealeis
in human flesh? If they were to lend their protec-
tion to the personal relations of those on board, as
established by the laws of South Carolina, they
must do this; yet I cannot believe that any slave-
holding senator, who gave his vote in favor of these
resolutions, would advocate such doctrine before the
country; nor do I believe that any northern senator,
who sat in silcnce when that vote was taken, would
now publicly admit the correctness of such doc-
trines. Why, sir, all writeis upon international law
ticty that the jurisdiction of a government extends not
merely over the land, but over all its livers, straits,
and harbors. They also agree that this jurisdiction
extends some distance into the open sea. The only
question that ever existed on this point was, as to
the precise distance. They, however, all agree that
common consent has fixed the distance at a "can-
non's shot," or "three leagues from shore.'1 These
i ivers, straits, harbors, and seas, to the distance of
three leagues from shore, are regarded as much
within the territory, and under the laws of this na-
tion, as is the territory extending from the shore an
equal distance inland. This is the rase with all civ-
ilized nations and governments. It is the universal
international law. He who comes within three
leagues of England^ shore, or into any of her livers
or straits, becomes subject to her laws. He who
<-oines into the Potomac or Delaware, or Hudson's
liver, with his ship, puts himself ana crew mid ship
within our jurisdiction; or, if he conies within tlnec
leagues of our shore, he does the same.
While at sea, he will submit to no search from
any power; but when he comes near our shore, or
wuhm our jurisdiction, our revenue officers enter on
board his ship, and make all necessary examination,
i.i the same manner in which they examine our own
vessels. Our health officers also enter on board, if
ihey think necessary; and, in short, when a foreign
jjhip once enters within our jurisdiction, she be-
comes subject to our laws, and remains so until she
departs. While lying in our ports, or fastened to
our wharves, her people enjoy the same rights and
privileges, rcceive the same protection, and are sub-
ject to the same laws, with our own people. Nor is
there any distinction made between those ships that
enter for the purposes of commerce and those that
enter through stress of weather. No such distinc-
tion is to be found in any author, or in the practice
or regulations of any nation. But the object of this
report is to induce the erroneous belief among the
people, that a Spanish slave ship, if overtaken by a
storm during her voyage, may put into the harbor
of New York or of Boston, to repair, and that our
laws would aid the slave-dealer in keeping his slaves
in subjection until lie departs. The report, after
quoting these resolutions to which I have alluded,
remarks: "Thus, wherever the flag goes the country
is. In whatever distant seas or foreign ports, wher-
ever the national flag floats, there is the nation."
Sir, in pursuance of this doctrine, a Brazilian slave
ship fastens to a wharf in New York. The people
of that city go on board, find the decks stowed full
of emaciated, starving Africans, suffeiing all the hor-
rors incident upon that disgusting traffic. Those
who appear too far gone to be regarded as profitable
stock are thrown overboard while yet in full life;
those who exhibit signs of discontent are flogged;
and those who resist are shot down, or murdered
with a Bowie knife or cutlass. This - is all done at
the wharf, or in plain view of the people. But the
Brazilian flag floats at the mast. Brazil is there,
and Brazilian laws are in force, and the people must
permit these "much-abused slave-dealers" to be
guided by their own sense of justice.
This, sir, is democratic doctrine, coming from a
democratic committee, and is penned by a leading
democratic member of this House. But I do not
believe that the democrats of Boston, or of New
York, will regard it as orthodox. I ask, on what
authority does this report rely to support this extra-
ordinary doctrine? It does not refer to Burla-
maque, or Martin, or Wheaton, or any other
writer upon international law; but upon the resolu-
tions of the Senate to which I have alluded, and
which were introduced and adopted for the purpose
of supporting the claims of piratical slave-dealers,
who professed to own the people on board the En-
terprise. These resolutions arc regarded by the
committee as law, binding the freemen of New Eng-
land and of the free States, to pay their money to
Spanish slavers. Indeed, the committee, with great
sincerity, appear to regard thc*e declarations of
thirty-three slaveholding members of the Senate,
and "their allies," made for such a purpose, to be bind-
ing upon all civihzcd nations of the earth; they,
however, remind the House that when the people
on board the American slave-ship "Creole" took
charge of that ship, (as they had the most clear and
indisputable right to do, by the laws of God and
of man,) and navigated her to Nassau, in the island
of New Providcncc, and there gave up the ship to
the captain, and went on shore in pursuit of their
own happiness; the British authorities refused to
comply with the principles of these resolutions, and
utterly denied the doctimc adopted by the commit-
tee aw the basis of their report. 1 have always con-
sidered the conduct of the British authorities in regard
to those people who came into that port in charge
of the Creole, as entirely wrong. The negroes in that
case had as perfect a claim to the ship and cargo as
the owners of any other ship that ever entered that
port possessed. It was the duty of both officers and
people, to have permitted them to remain in posses-
sion of said ship, and it was their privilege to use
or sell her as they should deem proper. These peo-
ple were forcibly taken beyond the jurisdiction of
all slave laws; and while sailing upon the high seas,
where they hud nx perfect i ight to their liberty as
any man who now sits in tins hall, and the slave mer-
chants were endeavoiing to carry them into slavery
without law, and in violation of their natural rights
Thus a state of impeifeet war existed between the
slave-traders and the people whom they weic thus
attempting to rob of the rights with which Uicir
Cruatoi had endowed them. Under these circum-
stances, they asserted and maintained their liberty.
They took possession of the ship; and I think even
the committee who have made this report will ad-
mit that there was neither legal nor moral obligation
resting upon them to continue the voyage to New
Orleans, and to take themselves into the slave-market
there. They had been placed on board the ship by
the law of force: they had been held in subjection
by that law; and by the same law they became mas-
ters of the ship and cargo, anfl then possessed as
and as indisputable right to use the ship and
cargo for their benefit, as the captors of a ship pos-
sess when taken in a state of perfect war. Nor had
the people or the officers ofNassau any right to take
said vessel from them, or to interfere, between them
and the former owners of the ship. Indeed, accord-
ing to these resolutions, the people of that island
were bound to maintain the personal relations which
existed between the negroes and the whites. These
were the relations of captors and prisoners; for the
negroes held the slave-dealers in confinement as
prisoners. It would, therefore, have been the duty
of the authorities to see that they continued prison-
ers, and the sending of a guard on board to protect
the captain and crew was entirely wrong, if the doc-
trine of these resolutions be correct. But I pre-
sume the committee did not intend to have this doc-
trine operate against slave-dealers, as it was put forth
by the senators for the purpose of having effect in
favor of those who deal in slaves. Yet the report re-
fers to this case of the Creole, for the purpc>se of
showing that the government of Great Britain re-
fused to pay the slave-dealers for the freemen who
spared their lives, instead of throwing them over-
board; who treated them kindly, instead of carrying
them to Africa, and selling them as slaves.
The committee appear to regard these resolu-
tions as applicable to all cases of slave-trad-
ing; and that the refusal of the British min-
istry to hand over the gold to these speculators
in human flesh, was a great outrage upon - this law
of nations, which originated in the other end of this
Capitol in 1840. Well, sir, let Ciueen Victoria read
this report; and let British ministers examine these
resolutions; and if her Majesty don't tremble upon
her throne, and Sir Robert Peel "fork over" at once,
I shall think, 'with Falstaff, that the whole concern
"are past praying for." And if the people of that
kingdom don't immediately turn out their ministers,
and select a new sovereign, I shall regard their
audacity only equalled by that of the old sixteenth
congressional district of Ohio, who re-elected their
former representative to Congress when he had been
driven from this hall by the vote of slaveholders
and dough-faces for speaking truth and law upon
this very case of the Creole.
But I return to these resolutions. The year pre-
ceding these transactions on board the Amistad, a
Captain Wendall was on board his vessel (the name
I have forgotten) in the port of Havana. The
American flag was flying at his mast; and, of course,
according to this report, "this nation was there."
This captain was charged with having treated his
mate with great inhumanity. He was taken from
on board his ship and imprisoned under Spanish
laws, and by Spanish authority; and was detained
in prison for a long time. A full representation was
made to Congress, but no member of this House
then felt that it was an outrage upon our national
rights; nor was the doctrine of these resolutions
then thought of. Even the grave senators who
adopted these resolutions were then silent. They
did not at that time appear to have become conscious
of the existence of those great principles which were
subsequently called forth in favor of slave-mer-
chants. Their lips were hermetically sealed when
our citizens, in the pursuit of an honorable com-
mcrcc, weie rendered subject to Spanish laws. But
they become eloquent when Spanish slave-traders
are rendered subject to our laws. Sir, the reasons
why members of this House and of the Senate were
then silent in regard to the doctrines now asserted
by the committee was, that no such doctrines then
existed, nor do they exist now; and I cannot vote
away the public money to publish errors of this
kind, to be sent forth to mislead the public mind in
favor of slave-trading.
[The motion was then laid on the table without
further debate.]
SPEECH OF MR. HAMLJN,
OF MAINE.
In the House of Representatives, Jip'd 15,1844—On
the army appropriation bill, and in reply to Mr.
Morse upon the professions, practices, and prin-
ciples of the federal party.
Mr. HAMLIN said it was of but little importance,
by what names things were called. It was far more
desirable and necessary that the facts involved in the
questions upon which they were called to deliberate
and act, should be fully and correctly understood.
He cared not, so far as the simple fact was con-
cerned, by what name the government under which
we lived was called. It might be called democratic.
