April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Hamlin.
H. of Reps.
despotic, or a mixed government; while the princi-
ples upon which it was administered should alone
command our approval if they were correct. That
government, in his opinion, call it by what name they
pleased, which took from the earnings of labor the
smallest amount, and which, at the same time,
secured to the citizen the greatest amount of per-
sonal liberty, and the rights of person and property,
was the best government under heaven. He cared
not, he repeated, by what name they called it, so
that it were one that secured to the citizen the rights
of person, property, and conscience, in the greatest
degree possible, and demanded the smallest portion
of ihe earnings of labor, to support and sustain it in
all its forms and ramifications. That government
and such principles were such as he would cheer-
fully support, and it should be his endeavor to pro-
mote such measures as would produce so desirable
a result. He had witnessed, somewhere, a painting
which, as he gazed upon it, he felt spoke from the
canvass an impressive lesson. It presented to the
eye the crowned head of the king, the priest with
his surplice, the knight with his "star and garter,1'
and the more humble and yet the most important
figure upon the canvass, the laborer. If the picture
could have uttered the language designed, the one
would." have declared that he ruled all; another that
he prayed for all; and yet another that hefoxight for
all; while the laborer, with the certainty of truth,
declared that lie paid for all. This was language
which should impress itself upon the mind of every
one within that hall. It was the lesson and the
language of truth. It was labor that spread out our
canvass upon every sea; it was labor that subdued
the forest and made it blossom like the rose. Labor
it was that delved in the mines, made music in the
mechanic shops, and supported the world. Labor it
was that produced the luxuries, the necessaries, and
the wealth of all countries; and certain he was that the
government which demanded the least of the earn-
ings of labor, at the same time securing to ail the
greatest liberty, was the best; and that p6licy and
such measures as were best calculated to effect that,
should receive his devoted support. Such should
receive the aid of his voice and his active exertions.
He firmly and honestly believed that the great
measures supported by the federal party were calcu-
lated, if not designed, to favor a policy precisely op-
posite to the one he had laid down as his rule of ac-
tion. He would examine the professions and acts
of that party, and see if he were not fully sustained.
His colleague [Mr. Morse] had asked, what are the
principles of the democratic party? Pie should an-
swer him before he sat down. The gentleman com-
plains that we charge upon the federal party all
sorts of ohjectionable doctrines, while, in almost the
same breath, we say they have no principles at all.
He is mistaken. We allege that, openly and fairly,
they present not their views to the public, yet they
have them. We believe and allege that they sup-
port and cherish with devotion nearly all the princi-
ples of the federal party, when that party was hon-
est enough to develop their principles. No, no; we
do not charge that they have no principles, but that
they do not honestly and fairly expose them. All
the great measures, nearly, wKich they carried out,
and attempted to carry out, in the 27th Congress,
they repudiated or denied in 1840. This was what
they charged: the federal party had its principles,
but not the fairness to expose them to the commu-
nity. Indeed, the course of his colleague was a per-
fect illustration. While calling for the principles of
the democratic party, with all the skill ot a party
tactician, he had not made the slightest exhibition
of his views for the public eye. No, not one prin-
ciple had he laid down; he had not uttered a single
syllable by which his views could be known. We
must, then, look to the acts of his party for a devel-
opment. Their acts show them to be in favor of a
national bank, supported alone by the industry of
the country. A high-protective tariff, resting, too,
upon the labor of the country, and drawing money
from the pockets of labor to increase the profits of
capital. They were in favor of a law giving to the
States the proceeds of the sales of the public lands,
a^m to be replaced by a tax on consumers; and,
from the votes of this House, no man could mistake
that the assumption of State debts must follow in
their train.
Before he proceeded to state the obnoxious fea-
tures of these measures, he would allude to another
declaration of his colleague, and would also cite
some authorities to show himself correct,—that,
while the federal party denied they were m favor of
said measures, yet they practised upon them when
in power. Time would not permit, nor did he
deem it at all necessary, to even allude to some of
thegTitfsfsof the acts of President Jackson, which
haunted his colleague's brain, and much troubled
his friends. His colleague had spoken of the con-
sistency of his political friends as contrasted with
the democratic party. Mr. H. said he believed it
was Cicero who had wondered how a soothsayer
could look a soothsayer in the face without laugh-
ing. How his colleague could talk of the consistency
of the federal party, with all their acts now fresh in
their recollections, was very surprising. It must
have provoked an internal smile, though the muscles
might be so trained as not to show it upon the face.
Consistency, forsooth! Why, what did that party
promise, and what had they done? They literally
promised everything, and fulfilled nothing. They
degraded our national flag; they pulled down the
stars of our hope, and the stripes for our foes, and
trailed them m the dust; they pulled it down from
the free breeze of heaven, and made it subservient
to a miserable purpose—a party badge to catch the
eye. When next the stars and stripes were so de-
graded, in violation of every impulse which should
stimulate an American heart, it would be in accord-
ance with the truth, if they would adopt as a motto
"the party of violated faith and broken promises..".
Consistency! Why, the sounds of midnight revel-
ry and debauchery have hardly died away upon the
car, and temperance, with healing in its wings, has
yet hardly counteracted the intemperate results of
the federal party of 1840—results fast verging to
that state of anarchy which, unchecked, must end
where despotism begins.
Mr. H. said he would next call the attention of
the House to what was said by the federal party in
their State address in Virginia in 1840, in support
of his position that they denied their principles.
Examine the principles which they asserted were
not in issue, and then look at their acts and con-
fessions:
"But we are gravely informed that Mr Van Buren is op-
posed to a national bank, to internal improvements by the
general government, and to the tariff"; and that his hostility
to these measures gives him an irresistible claim to the
confidence and suffrages of the people of Virginia. These,
fellow-citizens, are the stereotj pod phrases by which cun-
ning tacticians hope to deceive and mislead you All can-
did men, of all parties, adroit that they have ceased to be
practical questions. All idea of chatteling a national bank
has been relinquished by its former most sanguine advo-
cates as unnecessary and inexpedient m the present and
probable future monetary condition of the country; the ne-
cessity of internal improvements by the general govern-
ment has been entirely superseded by the energetic appli-
cation of the resources of the several States to that object;
and the tariff is settled by the terms oi the compromise act
of 1833, unless it shall be reopened for political purposes by
those who affect to dread the re-establishment of high pro-
tective duties. These duties, indeed, are no longer neces-
sary, the stability of our manufacturing establishments
enabling them to maintain a competition with foreign
fabrics without a resort to this extraneous support—a sup-
port which, fluctuating with the alternate rise and fall of
parties, is tar from being desirable, even were jt any longer
essential; for, with that branch of national industry, as with
every other, stability of legislation is far more important
than temporary advantage s of which they may, w hen least
expected, and when their withdrawal might operate most
disastrously, be deprived by the results of an annual elec-
tion ''
That lie could not by possibility be mistaken in
this matter, he would call attention to the frank and
honest admission of an honorable member of the
House, Mr. Newton, of Virginia. He would read
from the letter of that gentleman to the State conven-
tion of 1843, in Virginia:
"On reviewing the events of the last four years, no im-
partial observer can fail to perceive that the disasters winch
have befallen the whig party, and casta blight over the
prosperity of country,have resulted, m 0 gr^at measure,
. from the want ot candor and firmness in avowing and main-
taming our principles, especially in Viiginia. We com-
menced the canvass of 1S40 under most discouraging cir-
cumstance*. The whigs proper were m a small nunonty
througbout the Union, a paity had been formed out ot the
discordant elements then m opposition to the administra-
tion of Mr Van Buren. Our eagerness l'or success induced
us to extend our nets, so as to embrace birds ofeveiy feath-
er "We not only asked 110 questions of those who offered
themselves as allies for the war-but our own convention
at Richmond actually repudiated the lending principles and
measures ot the whig party. We thus filtered tlieoam-
naiffn, a discordant mass, some fighting for principle and
otheis for freedom, and animated by but one common prin-
ciple—that of opposition to the administration of M r Van
Bitten We had a long and arduous contest, and achieved
what we supposed to be a glorious triumph. But what
advantages have we reaped fiom our labors' -heiruits of
all our toils have turned to ashes on our lip* and we may
truly exclaim with Pyrrlius—'one moie such-victor) and
we are undone.'.''
One more extract from the honorable gentleman's
letter. If he shall be able to inculcate upon his party
the truth that "honesty is the best policy," then we
may hail him as a light of truth in political science,
and his friends might well claim it as the star of
the first magnitude in the Newtonian system of pol-
itics. It is to be hoped they will follow his sugges-
tions:
"Let me adjure the convention not to repeat the errors of
1840, which have been' the iruitful source of all our woe^f.
Let them remember that 'honesty is the best policy,*
both in public and private life I think I know something
of the Virginia character. Our people are liberal and in-
genuous; they will tolerate an honest difference of opinion,
sincerely entertained and candidly expressed; but they
abhor even the appearance of dissimulation. Let the con-
vention, therefore, boldly avow the principles of the party—
advocate a national bank en nomine, and without circumlo-
cution, a tariff'with proper discrimination for the reasona-
ble protection of our great domestic intesests, and such
other measures as they may deem essential to the purity of
the government, and the prosperity ofthe country.
"I particularize a national bank and a discriminating tariff',
because 1 tfeem them the great measures to be carried out
by the whig administration, destined, I trust, soon to come
intopower—measures which, in my deliberate judgment,
are inseperably connected with the prosperity of the whole
country, and especially ofthe southern States.",
So much as to their denial of principles. Now to
their acts and their tendency:
The bankrupt law.
Distribution of the sales of the public lands.
A United States Bank.
A tariff or tax law; and following, as a concomi-
tant—
An assumption of State debts. i
Various other acts, all increasing the taxes of the
country.
Let us examine these measures, and see if we do
not find them, as a whole, lending to tax the labor
of the country, and in violation of ail their promises.
These were the principal acts of the 27th Congress,
which his colleague had defended; and now he (Mr.
H.) would give them such a brief examination as
his limited time would allow. He did not know as
he should state the measures of that 27th Congress
precisely in the order of time, but that was of no par-
ticular importance.
the so called bankrupt law. .
This was, in fact and truth, a private repudiation act.
It had not one single provision, principle, or safe-
guard, which had entered into every system ,of bank-
ruptcy that had ever before received the sanction of
any country. It was neither more nor less than a
sponge to wipe out indebtedness. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Atkinson] had said it was a
way of paying old debts with new means. In his
(Mr. H.'s) opinion it was a way to pay old debts
without means It was, in fact, so odious to the
moral sense of the community, that the same Con-
gress, the same men who passed it, were compelled to
repeal it. He had no censure nor fault at all to cast
upon those who reaped the advantages of the law.
They had done as men would who were embarrass-
ed and unfortunate. It was with the law he dealt,
and those who enacted it. So far as he knew, there
was but one sentiment in Maine—that it was odious
to all parties; and no man, he believed, would now
defend it.
[Mr. Morse here said that he made a speech in
favor of that law in the State legislature, and yet he
was returned to this Congress.]
Mr. Hamlin said he was not aware that Mr. M.
had ever favored that law. It did not "at all contro-
vert or disprove his position. What might have
been that gentleman's course at one time was one
thing; what it would bo now was a different one.
Many of his friends in this hall at one time spoke
and voted for the law; and the same men, by force
of public opinion, voted for its repeal. His friend
and colleague would probably be placed in the same
dilemma. Mr. H. would ask direct, would his col-
league either vote for such a law now, or against its
repeal. Would he give him a categorical answer?
[Mr. Morse. The act had been repealed, it was
true; but it had done its office.]
Mr. H. The gentleman did not answer his ques-
tion. He says it has done its office. It then was
designed as a temporary sponge, a private repudiation
act, «ot a permanent law, applicable to all. It is
then admitted to be designed as temporary. What
in that view, was the language of a distinguished
member of the House, of the federal party?
"What was a temporary law? What was it but
repudiation in its most odious form—repudiation by
individuals of their oion debts at their own time."' This
law was one of the fruits of federal legistion, one of
the fulfilments of federal promises.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE SALES OF THE PUBLIC
LANDS—AND ITS EFFECTS.
One of the strongest professions of that party was
