506
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
April, 1844.
■Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Hamlin.
that they would protect the laborer: and how have
they done this? By taxing him to the very teeth. The
federalists claimed to be, par excellence, the friends of
the laborer, while they taxed him from the very
leather he trod beneath his feet, to the hat that cov-
ered his head. In fact, they taxed him all over; and
could they but limit and define the manner in which
it could be done, they would tax the very element
he breathed. Such were their measures, designed
to tax labor for the benefit of capital, and in their
effect to degrade it. This was demonstrable from
their acts. They passed a law taking from the
treasury of the United States the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands, and distributed the same
amongst the States. The first, tendency of such a
measure was to place the States in the position of
suppliants to the general government—to debase
them by making them beggars at the national treas-
ury. It also created a deficiency in the public funds,
again to be supplied by indirect taxation—taxation
upon the common and necessary articles which en-
tered mostly into the consumption of the laboring
classes. What next' The States were relieved to
the amount received, and the property of the States
exempted from a tax on property to that amount.
It was first taken from the general government after
it had been collected, and must be replaced by a tax
on consumers of articles paying a duty. It was sent
to the States to relieve -property from taxation. Now,
he would ask if this was not a measure to relieve
property from taxation, and to place the burden,
upon individuals. True, this policy was designed
to create and build up a splendid, not a happy gov-
ernment. But
"Ye statesmen who survey
The rich man's joy increase, the poor's decay,
'Tis yours to judge how wide the limits stanti
Between a splendid and a happy land."
-It took, too, from government, the very fund which
was pledged, solemnly and sacredly pledged by the
deeds of cession, to pay our revolutionary debt—to
pay our fathers yet alive for the toil, the time and
the blood which they expended in that war which
gave us our independence. A fund pledged to one
of the noblest purposes, was scattered to the States,
and taxes imposed upon the labor of the country.
Was it not designed to tax, and would it not in effect
oppress, the laboring classes? He regretted as much
as any one could, that certain States had become
embarrassed and deeply indebted; but in strict jus-
tice, the non-indebted States could not and should
not be compelled to pay these debts. There was no
constitutional, legal, or moral obligation imposed
upon them to do so. It would be rank injustice to
compel the non-indebted States to contribute to the
payment of debts which they had no voice in con-
tracting, and in which they had no interest. Yet,
gentlemen upon the other side of the house had, at
this very session, given a strict party vole against the
repeal of this most unjust and oppressive measure.
It was a measure tending directly to relieve property
from taxation, oppress industry, and degrade the
States to the humble condition of recipients of gov-
ernment favor. He well knew, it was said, that
these lands were the property of the people. True;
but they were pledged by solemn compact to pay the
revolutionary soldiers, and to liquidate the expenses
of the general government. So was that noble edi-
fice in which they were convened the property of
the people; and it might as well, and just as properly,
be razed to the earth, and scattered to the States.
Was this system of taxation the promised repast to
which the people were invited? Is this the protec-
tion they would give to labor?
Let not the fact be forgotten, that at the very
same time the distribution law was passed, gov-
ernment was indebted about twelve millions of dol-
lars. Government stocks were being hawked about
the streets, and selling at a discount, while Con-
gress—that remarkable 27th Congress—were pass-
ing a law giving away the money in the tieasury.
Mr. Biddle could hardly improve upon such finan-
ciering. What would the citizens of our towns say,
(the tax-payers,) if they were called upon to vote
to give away the money already collected, and the
town being in debt, and at the same time make a
new assessment on polls, not on property, to re-
place it, with all the onerous concomitant additional
expenses of collection? No man would dare to ad-
vance such a proposition; and yet every member of
the federal party had done substantially the same
thing m that house. Distribution was like the thief
who, with one hand, presented a gift of cue dollar,
while he was certain, at the same tune, to pick your
pocket of at least two.
H. of Reps.
the
PASSAGE OP TWO BILLS INCORPORA-
TING A UNITED STATES BANK.
Mr. H. said he had called the attention of the
House to the State address of Virginia, in which they
denied that a national bank was a practical question.
Yet false to every promise which they made, with
hot haste they passed and repassed a bill chartering
such a corporation. There was, however, consist^
ency enough remaining in the person whom they had
elected as Vice President, to veto the bills. Deaf and
blind to all the evils which had origination in the old
bank, another must be fastened upon the country.
It was an institution which did not create a farthing
of wealth, but which was supported by the fruits of
industry. It was an institution which elevated or
depressed the whole industry of the country, its
commerce, agriculture, and manufactures, as its in-
terests should dictate. The sad and blighting ef-
fects produced by its expansions and contractions
upon the country, were yet visible on every side.
How many worthy and honest men were bankrupt
by its wickedness, and made to feel its withering
power? The scenes of 1834 are recollected by all.
The bank then entered the political arena, and sub-
sequently, with the money of the government in
part, undertook to control the election, and to tam-
per indirectly with Congress, by loaning freely to
all who would receive. That was the time when
"ruin, ruin, ruin!" was shouted from every valley,
and echoed from every hill-top. Look at the ex-
penditure of the bank in the single item of purchas-
ing and circulating speeches. He would add but
the payments to one single firm, as a sample of all.
The facts were found in the report of the Commit-
tee on Finance made to the Senate in 1834. Bear in
mind that the people were taxed to pay a portion of
all these expenses, as government owned a part of
the stock of the bank:
"The 'Finance Committee' reported to the Senate, in De
cember, 1834, that 'the power to draw money from the bank
was limited by the declared purpose of preparing and circu-
lating such papers only as will give information in regard to
'the nature and operations of the bank.' 'But expenditures
had grown up, resting on the order of the president of the
bank, without vouchers or defined pnipose,"page 46 Tylers
bank report. The committee report, that, from the 1st Jan-
uary, 1829, to 30th September, 1834, the extraordinary and
unwarrantable expenditures of the hank, for printing, cir-
culating, &c , amounted to $94,708 25; see page 329. And
they give a long hst of the punters and editors who lived
upon the bank during that period. Here is a sample, which
may suffice for the whole:
"1S34. For first half year, ending 3 0th June, viz:
"To G.vixs SiSeaton:
For 9,699 Clay's speeches,
60.000 H. Binney's '•
3,000 Southaid's "
5,000 Huntingdon's "
10,000 Webstei's "
10,000 2d edition of Southaid'b Speeches,
3 000 Poindexter's "
3,000 Sprague's "
3,000 Frolmghuj ten's 41
1.000 Evnng's
0,000 2d edition,
10,000 Binney's Report,
20,000 Senate Report on Depoeiles,
7,000 Poindexter's Speeches, 2d edit., and )
10,00ft Webster's " " {
10,000 Archer's Speech on Bank,
For binding, Paper, Envelopes, &c. for speech-
es of Binney, &c.
Paper and Folding,1,
.30,000 copies of Mr. Adams' speech,
6,000 " Allen "s do. of Ken-
tucky,
?,000 additional of Allen's do
2,000 Convin's Speech,
5,COO of Leigh's Speech onPiolcist,
1,000 of Clapton's on Bank,
3,000 Clay s last Speech for Bank,
3,000 McKennon's Speech on do.
2,500 pamphlets, of Mr. Webster's foi Bank,
10,000 Wilde's do
S.-100 copies of extra statements concern-
ing the Bank,
10,000 copies of Webstei's Speech on the
renew al of the Bank Charter,
5,000 of Leigh's do
5.000 do. 8 pages added,
3,000 copies Dixon's speech,
75,(Kl0 copiesJWebster's speech on the pow-
er assumed over the Bank by b,\-
cc utive,
5,00o copies Hardin's Speech,
Paper, Seals, Envelopes, &.C.,
$-u 0 00
3,000 00
23o 43
bo4 10
2SB 00
Got 10
08 .08
103 47
68 98
67
243 02
289 00
y77 80
tM 82
288 90
40 OH
301 20
2,839 00
20S 00
102 fa
102 hi
125 00
40 00
8fi 20
06 90
296 90
385 20
84 30
102 60
101 30
1 3(5 41
122 22
2,<5PI 00
326 48
300 00
(page 327-8)
$16,180 54
Failiii^ -jy its panics and paper warfare to coerce
a rechdrtei, and the icy finger of its contractions
driving thousands of merchants into ruin and bank-
ruptcy, not being sufficient to accomplish Us object,
the other extreme was to be tried. The extension
of the circulating medium—the liberal expenditures
of its funds to editors, lawyers, and'attorneys, was
to produce the result. It failed—signally failed,
though the blight and mildew which had spread
through all the length and breath of the land, by
that inflation and subsequent collapse, could even now
be seen and felt. The energy, activity, .and enter-
prise of the American people, with all the great in-
herent resources of the country, had but fairly be-
gun to recover a healthy and prosperous tone.
The same report exhibited the fact that, to two
hundred and fifty-five members of Congress, during
the five years which the bank was contending for a
recliarter, it loaned the enormous sum of ONE MIL-
LION s>ix hundred and five thousand seven
hundred and eighty-one dollars. That suty1
was greater than the pay of all the members of Con-
gress of both Houses during that five years. There
were other facts in that report (the vast and start-
ling amount loaned and paid to presses and attor-
neys) to which he would allude, but he had not time,
exceeding $80,000.
Now, in view of all these facts, the 27th Congress,
in violation of all their promises, would again put
the industry of the country in the possession of
such a machine. With the bloated carcass of that
financial monster now polluting the moral atmos-
phere of the Quaker city—with the sighs of or-
phans which it had beggaru—with the tears of wid-
ows and deerepid age, robbed of all their means,
the remarkable consistencij of his colleague's friends
led them to urge and consummate two bills
through Congress, creating an institution again to
produce these evils upon the country; again to
open upon the country the fountain head of that sys-
tem, by which near TWO HUNDRED AND FIF-
TY MILLIONS OP DOLLARS had beea squan
dcred, and lost—forever lost; again to fasten for-
ever upon the country the curse of an institution
designed and adapted to corrupt the morals of all
within its reach, to stimulate with unnatural and
feverish excitement, or to depress and paralyze at
will all the great pursuits of industry, as gold or
political power might be the ruling motive.
And let it by no means be forgotten that the in-
tellectual giant of that party, one around whom all
the little and lesser lights revolve—one whom they
had impiously called the godlike, [Mr. Webster,]
had said, while all the evils and rank offences of the
old bank were in the nostrils of the nation, that a
"rechartcr of a national bank was an obsolete idea.1''
Well might he say so; if men could see, or feel, or
remember.
Mr. Webster said, in the Semite, in 1832, almost
in the spirit of prophecy, "Of all the contrivances
for cheating the laboring clasees of mankind, none have
been more effectual than that which deludes them
with paper money. This is th"e most effectual of
inventions to fertilize the rich marl's fields by the sweat
of the poor man's broic. Ordinary tyranny, oppres-
sive taxation;—these bear lightly on the happiness
of the community, compared with fraudulent cur-
rencies, and the robberies committed by depreciated
paper
THE INCREASE OF THE TARIFF OR TAX ACT.
The tariff act, passed by the 27th Congress, was
a law imposing a duty or tax upon articles imported
into this country—a law to lay additional taxes and
raise more money to support the government. It
wa > a tax not on property, but on articles imported,
and paid by the consumer of such articles. It had
well been called a "black tariff;" for in its restriction
upon our commerce, and the manner in which it
operated upon the agricultural and producing com-
munity, it was as black as midnight. The very
design of the law was to legislate money from the
pockets of one class of the community into the
pockcts of another—to sponge it from the laborer
and farmer, and give it to the capitalist. Such was
certainly the effect of the law—such was the ten-
dency, if not the design, of the system. It was a
system gathered from "the British government, and
was essentially a "British system," where the rank
tory doctrine was proclaimed that taxation was a
blessing—a system founded, supported, and sus-
tained there, in a legislature where a decisive majori-
ty were directly interested. It was well known that
the land owners and the nobility composed a majori-
ty of the House of Lords and the House of Com-
mons; and they it was who sustained that system
there, which had pauperized nearly half of heir pop-
ulation, and drawn the life blood from labor, until
the startling cry of "bread or blood" had been
sounded throughout the realm by her starving pop-
ulation. It is a fearful time when men look upon
