492
coMrissIonal globe
Mr. E. presented a memorial- from Francis 0. J.
Smith, of "Maine, praying. Congress to, subscribe to
the publication of a digest of selected reports of
committees of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives on public measures and private claims: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library on the part
of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. McDUFFIE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of "William W. Wil-
liams, relating to a revolutionary claim, be taken from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial very
numerously signed by citizens of Hartford, Con-
necticut, against the passage of the bill reported in
the House, or any other bill, for the alteration or
modification of the tariff act of 1842: referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Also, presented two memorials from citizens of
Windsor, Connecticut, praying for the reduction of
the rates of postage, and the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege: ordered to He on the table.
Mr. TJPHAM presented a memorial signed by in-
habitants of the town ofW ethersfield ,V t., setting forth
the advantages of the tariff of 1842; that it had raised
the price of labor and surplus provisions, and pro-
testing against any modification of it; protesting
against the annexation of Texas, and expressing the
opinion that it cannot take place without an infrac-
tion of the constitution; and that if it could, such an-
nexation would be dangerous to the perpetuity of
the Union. Also, praying that no measures be
adopted touching the occupation of the Oregon, until
the matter had been submitted to negotiation: refer-
red to the Committee on Finance and Foreign Rela-
tions.
Also, two memorials from the towns of Bethel
and Berlin, in the State of "Vermont, against any al-
teration in the present tariff: referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
ANNEXATION OP TEXAS.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from
citizens of Marietta and its vicinity, State of Ohio,
representing that they had recently learned, with
mingled surprise, amazement, and alarm, that the
project is seriously entertained by the executive of
annexing, by treaty, Texas to the United States,
and remonstrate and protest against the measure,
believing, as they most firmly do, that it involves in
its consequences not on]y the happiness and safety
of the country, but the integrity and perpetuity of
the Union itself.
Mr. W. remarked tiiat, lie had, no doubt, been
honored with the duty of presenting this memorial,
not from a want, of respect by the memorialists for
the senators from Ohio, but" because Marietta was
the home of his childhood. He remarked that these
memorialists were the descendants of those revolu-
tionary patriots who made the first settlement in
Ohio; and that they had a peculiar right to speak
upon this subject. The memorial was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from citi-
zens of Syracuse, New York, for the reannexation
of Texas to the United States. They represent
that the people of the republic of Texas having long
since evinced an ardent desire to be attached to some
other gu\eminent, and recently, through a legalized
delegated power, made overtures to our Chief Ma-
gistrate, by vi-ay of treaty, to be annexed to the Uni-
ted States, presents a question to tile American peo-
ple of £rent magnitude and exciting interest. The
acquisition of Texas would extend our territory
over a country rich m the growth of cotton and the
culture of silk, peopled uith inhabitants congenial
with our views, and furnish the most natural boun-
dary of the United States. It would greatly extend
our commercial relations, and facilitate the advan-
tages of more effectually protecting our southern
and western frontiers in case of foieign invasion, and
be a ready instrument, in the hands of Providence,
to allay that incendiary and disorganizing spirit en-
gendered by political abolitionists. Your pe-
titioners would further represent, that past
experience repels the argument that the ac-
cumulation of territory will endanger the per-
petuity of the government. Therefore, witli
a view of intercepting any despotic or foreign
influence from controlling the future advancement of
that republic, and destroying our manufactures, and
impoverishing our revenue by importing goods into
that country to be used in the United States at a
nominal duty; and from exporting cotton from Texas
to England duty free, at the same time imposing a
duty of 25 per cent, upon cotton at the South,
would most imperatively urge the growing necessi-
ty of the annexation of that territory to this govern-
ment, as a paramount interest of many, and the per-
manent well-being of all: read, and referred to the
Gommittee 'on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUGER presented a petition from Martha
Philips, (widow of Eleazer Philips,) of Christ
Church parish, South Carolina, for a pension: refer-
red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that they do pass, House bills of
the following titles—viz:
The bill granting to the county of Dubuque cer-
tain lots of ground in the town of Dubuque.
The bill to authorize the selection of certain school
lands in the Territories of Florida, Iowa, and Wis-
consin.
The bill to confirm certain entries of land in the
St. Augustine land district, in the Territory of
Florida, made under the pre-emption law of the 22d
June, 1838.
The bill to authorize the legislatures of the several
territories to regulate the apportionment of repre-
sentation, and for other purposes; and
The bill to confirm to the city of Fernandina, in
Florida, certain lots reserved for public use by the
Spanish government.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, the Committee on
Territories was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill from the House to amend the act
to provide for the armed occupation and settlement
of the unsettled part of the peninsula of Florida; and
it was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Robert
Barclay, of Missouri; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back without amendment, and with a
recommendation that theytdo pass ,the bills from the
House for the relief of Isaac Justice and Sarah
Blackemore.
Also, reported back with an amendment, and re-
commendation that it do pass, the House bill for the
relief of William Glover.
Also, reported back with an amendment House
bill for the relief of Abigail Gibson, accompanied by
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, made adverse re-
ports; which were ordered to be printed, on the fol-
lowing House bills, viz:
An act for the relief of Henry Freeman.
An act for the relief of Simeon Caswell.
An act for the relief of John Farnham.
An act for the relief of Thomas Hutchinson.
An act for the relief of John P. Schuyler.
An act granting a pension to Richard Elliott.
An act for the relief of Major Thomas Harrison.
Mr. B. also made adverse reports, which were
ordered to be printed, on the following cases, viz:
The claim of Esther Turner Burroughs', the widow
of Normand Burroughs, to be allowed a pension;
of Daniel Bowen, for arrears of pension; of Lydia
Rundlet, the widow of Nathaniel Rundlet, for an
increase and arrears of pension, of Ebenezer Suran,
for a pension; of Nancy Parker, the heir of Timothy
Parker, for compensation for his services and sacri-
fices while an officer in the naval service during the
the revolutionary war; of John Becraft, for a pen-
sion; of James Blinker, for increase and arrears of
pension; and of John Martin, for arrears of pension:
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported back, without amendment, and with
a recommendation that it do pass, the bill from the
House granting a pension to Bartholomew Maguire.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON", the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution of the legislature
of Maine on the subject of the British colonial trade;
and they were referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. H. also reported back, from the Committee
on Commerce, with an amendment, the bill to pro-
vide for the erection of a marine hospital at Key
West, in the Territory of Florida.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the Committee on
Indian Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the claim of James Ervme for compen-
sation for losses under a contract for removing and
subsisting Indians; and the petitioner was granted
leave to withdraw his petition.
Several adverse reports of the standing committees
on private claims were taken up, and concurred in
by the Senate.
THE TARIFF THE COMPROMISE ACT.
On motion by Mr. CHOATE, the previous or-
ders ot the day were postponed, and the Senate-
resumed the consideration of the resolution of the
Committee on Finance for the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill introduced by Mr. McDuffie for
reducingthef rate of duties under the present tariff to
the standard of the compromise act.
Mr. BERRIEN said he availed himself of the
courtesy of the Seeator from Massachusetts (Mr.
Choate) to submit, as well as *his indisposition
would permit, the views which he entertained upon
the subject now under consideration, as circum-
stances would prevent him from doing so at a later
period of this debate. He had not been disposed to
intrude himself upon the notice of the Senate, since
they had met together, nor to occupy more of its
time than was necessary in the fulfilment of those
obligations which had been imposed upon him in
the discharge of his duties as the organ of one of its
most important standing committees. He enter-
tained the same feeling now, and if he deviated from
it on this occasion, he was induced to do so from
two considerations. The first was, in relation tg
the constitutional power of the Senate entertaining
the bill presented by the senator from South Caro-
lina, (Mr. McDuffie,) and especially in allowing
discussion upon its merits, pending the question of
jurisdiction; for he believed that to assume the right
to entertain the bill would be assuming a power
which the constitution did not confer upon
the Senate. He expressed this opinion with
perfect respect to those who differed from him;
but at the same time, with a sincere conviction,
upon his own part, of its truth. But he had an-
other motive for troubling the Senate with the re-
marks which he proposed to offer on this occasion.
This debate, however unauthorized in its inception,
had in its progress imposed a responsibility upon
those who had not participated in it, or in the opin-
ions which had been submitted. This assumption
of responsibility had attracted the attention of
others; these opinions and these feelings had attract-
ed the attention of their constituents during the pro-
traction of the debate. He spoke particularly of
his own constituents, and it was of tliem alone that
he desired now to speak. They were not contented
with the position in which the South had been
placed during the progress of this debate. He
should discharge his duty to them, and forward
their wishes as far as his ability went. He would
be the first to withdraw them from that position.
He had been gratified—as he doubted not every-
body who had heard this debate had been—by the
talent and research which had been exhibited in its
progress. He had been occasionally cheered by the
prospect which had been opened to view of the
capabilities of this favored land, and of the capacity
of the American people to preserve, with still in-
creasing prosperity, the independent station which
they had assumed among nations. He had been
animated with the hope that no effort, no course of
conduct, whatsoever might be the nature of its ori-
gin, could arrest its progress. But, from the very
inception of this debate, he had been impressed with
the conviction that it was inappropriate, unauthor-
ized, and injurious in its tendency. That it was in-
appropriate, upon a resolution coming from the
Committee on Finance, which was the only com-
mittee from which it could properly emanate, be-
cause the right was assumed for the purpose of as-
certaining the character of the bill, and whether it
was or was not a bill for raising revenue. He had
thought this debate was unauthorized, frecaase the
constitution which gave, also limited the. powers of
the Senate; and the subject of debate was a question
which was expressly inhibited to that body.
But especially had he thought this debate was in-
jurious in its tendency, as calculated to agitate the
public mind, by involving the discussion of a pecu-
liarly exciting subject, at a moment entirely unfitted
for such agitation. When he had looked to the
state of this nation—to its political condition—to
the condition of its executive—to the discordant
councils which prevailed in these legislative cham-
bers; when he had looked especially to the condition
of the whole American people, struggling, at this
moment, to relieve themselves from the embarrass-
ments under which they had been laboring for
years,—he could not avoid feeling, with a certainty
of conviction, that the moment for raising a discus-
sion upon this agitating subject had been unfortu-
