CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
uately chosen. It was under this con-notion that, at
an early stage of this debate, he endeavored to ar-
rest its progress, and made an effort to call the Sen-
ate to the consideration of its own duties. That ef-
fort failedj and he acquiesced,—not because he be-
lievea that a principle of constitutional law could be
so unintelligible as to lose its efficacy; not because
he believed it to be the duty of the Senate to decide
the question whether it had a right to do what this
J- Pr0P0Se<l) before it proceeded to the discussion
of the subject of the bill,—but in deference to what
seemed to be the genera] wish of the Senate—a wish
te concede in courtesy what could not be called a
right.
This debate had proceeded; and the friends and
opponents of the bill wandering from its provi-
sions—the friends and advocates of the existing sys-
tem of revenue, as well as its opponents, haa been
heard. In the discussion of this simple question,
doctrines of political economy had been discussed,
tables compared, statistics brought forward; and
senators, who were all equally zealous in quest of
truth, had arrived at conclusions as utterly opposite
as were the points from which they took their de-
parture. If it had been the pleasure of the Senate,
he should have been inclined to pause here—to post-
pone tins discussion for a more appropriate occasion,
when the bill should come up which awaited the
decision of the House of Representatives, the initia-
tion of which had been assumed in, as it belonged to,
that legislative branch of Congress. He would not
be misunderstood, however, in regard to this sub-
ject. ^ He did not attach to the provision in the con-
stitution which required that all bills for raising rev-
enue should originate in the House of Representa-
tives, the same importance attached to it by other
senators. If we were now discussing the principles
of the constitution, instead of inquiring what were
the powers of the Senate, he would not hold the
doctrine that such an inhibition was suited to the
genius of our institutions. He did not believe any
analogy existed between these institutions and those
of England, from which was to be traced its intro-
duction into our constitution.
He did not perceive that there was any propriety
in the limitation which was imposed upon the Senate
by the restrictions of the constitution. It was com-
mon to speak of members of the other House as the
representatives of the people, and members of this
as the representatives of the States; but he appre-
hended that this was in reference rather to the equul-
ity of representation in this body, than to the rela-
tion between its members and their constituents.
He believed that a senator of the United States was
as much a representative of the people as a member
of the other branch of the national legislature. He
believed that the people were represented in this
body by the States, and in the other branch of Con-
gress by the districts; but in each case it was the
same people who were represented. It was not,
however, from this equality of representation that
he opposed the initiation of the bill now the subject
of discussion. It was because the restriction was
plainly written on the face of the constitution; and,
however important might be the discussion of the
merits of this bill, there stood in advance of it a
question far more important; which was, whether
the Senate of the United States would confine its*
legislation within the limits of the constitution, or
usurp a power which the constitution had not con-
ferred upon it.
Entertaining these opinions, not only upon the
question itself, but upon its comparative importance,
he desired to state, as briefly as possible, the ques-
tion involved in the inquiry whether the Senate had
the constitutional power to entertain this bill—to
originate a bill which was now under discussion.
He did not refer senators to that particular clause in
the constitution, because it was perfectly well known
to all present. It was simply that "All bills for
raising revenue shall originate in the House of Rep-
resentatives; but the Senate may propose or concur
in amendments as in cases of other bills." Now,
here was a bill which was for raising revenue. He
spoke of it in these general terms. The question in-
volved was, What was a bill for raising revenue?
The senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDuffie]
said if it were, in any article, essentially such a bill,
the Senate had no right to entertain it. But he (Mr.
McD.) denied that it was so; because, in the first place,
it did not propose to raise revenue by the imposition
of new or increased duties, but to reduce taxation
by the reduction of duties. Mr. B. maintained that
this distiuction was more specious than solid, inas-
much as the bill proposed a repeal of one kind of du-
ty , and prescribed that of another.
" Mr' proceeded to show that the bill would,
necessarily, in its progress, have to be so arneneded
as to impose a different rate of duty; and therefore
would be a bill for raising revenue. He next ex-
amined the argument that the object being to reduce
duties, not to increase them, the bill could not be
within the terms of the inhibition in the constitution;
and he referred to the journal of the debates of the
convention which framed the constitution, to show
that th6 object of the inhibition, with regard to the
Senate, was to prevent the Senate from originating
bills for raising or appropriating money for revenue
—a power that was reserved for the House of Rep-
resentatives. He quoted several motions of amend-
ment in the debates of the convention, to show that
such bills were always spoken of as money bills,
including all revenue bills, the object of which was
to raise money by taxation for revenue. Hence he
argued that there was no constitutional authority for
the origination of this bill in the Senate. But ad-
monished that this question had been waived, and
that a disposition had been manifested to discuss in
full the tariff policy, he would 110 longer urge his
opposition to this debate; and as it had gone 011, and
would go 011, he wished to express his views on the
general subject.
He objected to the ad valorem principle of the bill
on the ground of its impracticability, and of the im-
possibility of getting any majority in Congress to
substitute that principle for the principle of discrim-
ination. He appealed to the sentiments of the sena-
tor from South Carolina himself, in favor of discrim-
ination, to show that this bill could not come to any
practical result, since even its own,friends would not
support its principle; and that therefore it ought not
to occupy the time of a legislative body in view of
its utter impracticability. It would not do to say
that it was a mere title or text to give occasion for
discussion and the propagation of principles of polit-
ical economy; for, he apprehended, the constituents
of gentlemen would tell them that their representa-
tives were elected for purposes of legislation, and not
for the purpose of indoctrinating the people with
speculative principles of political economy.
He objected to the discussion of the question, as
tending to produce a state of agitation in the public
mind which might lead to discords as fearful and
threatening as those which disturbed the harmony
of the whole Union a few years ago. He depicted
the state of excitement which then prevailed, and as-
serted that the least indiscretion 011 the part of either
party would have caused rivers of fraternal blood to
flow. That evil was happily averted; and? he prayed
that no event should ever occur again which would
revive such a tendency: therefore he deprecated the
agitation of the same disturbing question now.
He acknowledged that there was a limit to the de-
gree of submission which the people are called upon
to pay to the laws. And if he could believe that
there was that degree of oppression and injustice,
exercised by this government, which would warrant
the withholding of submission, he would enter as
freely into the resistance of this oppression and in-
justice as the senator from South Carolina. But he
required some conviction—something beyond the
mere assertion that this state of oppression actually
existed, before he could even approve of agitating
the subject. Now, with regard to the tariff of 1842,
it did not appear to him that this proof had been
given. If it be true that the consumers pay the
duty on imports, it was not true that the South
paid all the duty on the imports of the United States;
for the consumers of the East and West paid their
proportion; therefore, the pressure was equal all
over the Union. Yet there was no complaint from
any of those quarters. In the absence of such com-
plaints, he was not willing to give credence to every
assertion made in debate, of the suffering of the
country, or any particular section. The way to
judge the question, in the absence of all complaint,
was to institute a comparison between the condi-
tion of the country before the passage of the act of
1842, and the condition of the countiy since its pas-
sage. And if it turned out, as he contended it had,
that the condition of the country had been greatly
improved, the arguments against the act, on tne
ground of its having produced suffering and distress,
were at once dispelled. He then proceeded to show
that commerce and business had revived; that the
revenue had improved; that the credit of the gov-
ernment had been restored; and that the genefal
prosperity of the country had been promoted.
Hence he argued that this was a most unpropitious
trtoirieht to arrest all these elements of prdsfcMty
by experimenting on the very policy which- Ead re-
sulted in such" beneficial effects. He asked, was this
a time, looking to the condition of the administrative
power, for disturbing a system of policy Such as
this? Looking to the feebleness of the administra-
tion—an administration which, in the history^of this
country, had been not inaptly designated a paren-
thesis, the omission of which would not injure the
sense—an administration the records of whose ex-
ecutive power would be confined to the mere
phrases of "I nominate A..-B. in the, room of U. D.;
removed," all else being a blank—looking to the
discordant elements which severed the legislative
powers of the government—looking to the foreign
'relations of the country,—no prudent statesman
would select this as the propitious moment to dis-
turb the whole revenue policy,—a policy under
which, whether it was in consequence of it or not,
both the government and the country were happily
prospering. At the eve of a great party and po-
litical struggle for the administration of the gov-
ernment, was not the time to open up this policy
for revision or modification. No modification that
could now be made could be satisfactory to either
party. At least, it would be but a compromise; and
would be considered as merely of temporary obliga-
tion. It could not be expected to endure beyond
the next session of Congress; for, which ever party
may succeed, will seek to give full operation to the
principles sustained and evinced by the will of the
people, giving power to the successful party. He
pointed out all the advantages of stability, and the
disadvantages of adopting any modifications that
neither party when in power, as either must be next
Congress, would suffer to stand.
Mr. B. proceeded to show that there were some
things urged by the senator from Missouri [Mr.
Bentun] which exhibited coincidences between him
and that senator. He alluded to that senator's dis-
approval of the horizontal principle; to his admis-
sion of the want of jurisdiction in the Senate to en-
tertain this bill; and to his conception of the inap-
propriativeness of the present time for expecting any
change; but he differed wholly from that senator as
to the usefulness of the present discussion.
Mr. B. entered into a brief history of the rise of
the protective policy in this .country, with a view of
showing that the self-interest of the community
created a feeling favorable to the growth of domestic
manufactures, and to affording them all the protec-
tion incidental to the levying of duties on imports
for revenue. Out of this beginning had grown the
patriotic sentiment of building-up, by increased pro-
tection, a system of home industry and home man-
ufactures capable of rendering the country inde-
pendent of foreign nations for its supplies.
He quoted, from a Georgia paper, a paragraph
asserting that an English manufacturing company,
in consequence of the tariff act of 1842, haa sent
an agent to the southern States, for the selection of
a site for an extensive manufacturing establishment;
and that a contract had been made to purchase 8,000
acres on the Savannah river, at the head of Trotter
shoals, at $60,000, on which extensive factories are
to be erected. He also enumerated many manufac-
turing establishments growing up in South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, and Arkansas, with a view of
showing that the South was already preparing to
compete with New England. And he concluded
that the northern and eastern States would now be-
gin to find that they were no longer to monopolize
the "enormous profits" supposed to be yielded by
manufactures—that they would have to yield some
portion of their "plunder" to the South.
The difference between the advocates of protec-
tion and their opponents could be reduced to very
narrow limits. He stated the claim of the former
to be, to discriminate for the protection of domestic
industry against the competition of foreign pauper
labor. The opponents of protection admitted that
there might and should be discrimination; but it
should be for revenue. The senator from South
Carolina [Mr. McDuffie] would discriminate solely
for revenue; but the senator from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
ton] would discriminate for both revenue and protec-
tion—the protection to be incidental to the revenue.
The whole thing, then, was a question, not of prin-
ciple, but of degree. Now, he held that if the senator
from South Carolina would discsiminate before the
rich and the poor for the protection of the poor, it
was as much an admission of the power of Congress
to discriminate for any purpose, as for the purpose
of relieving the poor; and did not differ, so far as the
question of power was concerned, from the diserim-
