April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Hamlin.
H. of Reps.
their own offspring, crushed and starving from the
oppression of government; for such men will be
desperate.
The throes and convulsions in that country,
springing from the movements of its industrial and
producing classes, could not be calculated in their
effect. The down-trodden laborer, even there, was
asserting his rights, and time and perseverence might
secure them. True it was, when he approached the
legislative body, he found a large majority person-
ally interested, and voting to put money in their
own pockets, when fixing their tariff- laws. And
how often here in this House have the same mem-
bers of die House of Lords and Commons been
quoted for their support of this same system—a
system by which they wrung from labor their vas
wealth. There is a point at which even oppression
must cease; and even there, it was hoped, the
shackles are about to fall, and the oppressed go free.
Mr. H. said he could not forbear to aliude to the
recent tour of Judge Carlton, of Louisiana, amongst
the peasantry of England, to show the condition of
the laborers, and to show the manner in which it
was produced:
"I entered a third cabin (in Somersetshire.) The floor
was much like the first—of broad, ill-assoited stone. Near
the middle.sat the mother, peeling potatoes, which she
threw mto a pot at her side, half tilled with water. I intro-
duced myself, on every occasion, by saying that 1 c^me be-
yond the'seas, and wished to inform my countrymen how
the laborers lived m England. Sixpence brought forth wil-
ling answers to interrogatories wlnoh I put without stint.
' 'How many childion have you?' 'Eight' 'What did
they feed upon this morning1' '.Potatoes.' -What will you
give them for dinner?' 'These potatoes, you bee me peeling.'
'Nothing else *' 'No, nothing eke.' 'Have you no meat, no
milk, lio butter for them?' She made no leply, fixed her
eyes upon them, and sobbed aloud. But her countenance
suddenly brightened into a smile, and she said, with a clear
voice, 'Thank God, salt is cheap.' But her joy was a tran-
sient beam, lor her eyes again overflowed as she showed
me her eldest daughter, lourteen years of age, wh«n she
made to rise. Her tattered garment hardly concealed her
sex; it left her bare to the knees behind, while it dangled to
the floorin front. 'These,' she said, 'are all the clothes she
has; she cannot go to school in them.' The other children
eve grouped near the eldest sister, sitting on the naked
hearth; their little hands were red with cold; their features
were set m melancholy; they were not playful, as became
their innoccnt years.
"During the years 1841-2-?. I entered 122 cottages in
Somersetshire, Devonshire, Lancashire, Warwickshire,
Surry, Middlesex, and Kent, always with a view to under-
stand a subject in which I felt a deep and abiding interest.
My visit to Somersetshire disclosed the whole truth. I had
nothing further to learn than the same wretchedne&s, the
same sound of potatoes and salt, the same appalling picture
of destitution and rags throughout the kingdom."
One extract as to the great cause of this pov-
erty:
"A statement was made b} a member of Parliament, and
it was never contradicted, and it maybe regarded as hue,
that the cultivable lands from which the English are fed be-
long mainly to thirty-three thousand persons. The chief
amongst them are the members of Parliament and the hei ed-
jtary nobility, born to power as well as to riches. They
have established a code of laws for theii own benefit, the
most inhuman known in the annals of legislation. Not only
are their own estates exempt from general taxation, but the
cultivation of them is forced upon the people, by prohibit-
ing the importation of every article of lood from abioad.
The poor laboier is at their mercy; from them he receives
his biead, and his wifo and childien must be led on such j
terms as they prescribe."
Such was the language of an American. What 1
said the official reports of that country? The report j
of the poor law commissioners, in 1836, says, in !
speaking of the Irish laborer: I
•'A great portion of them are insufficiently provided, at {
any time, with the commonest necessaries of hie. Their ,
habitations aie wretched hovel*. Several of a family sleep :
together on straw, on the bare ground, sometimes with a ,
blanket, and sometimes without so much to cover them, j
Their food commonly consists of dry potatoes; and with |
these they die so scantily supplied, that at times they aie !
stinted to one meal per day. 'there are instances of per- i
sons being driven by hunger to seek sustenance on wild 1
herbs." I
Such was the description given by the report of
the poor-law commissioners in 1836 of agricultural
laborers in Ireland; and the reports of the sam^ I
commissioners declare it worse now. Authorities
could be multiplied, painful and sickening in their .
aspect beyond number, all giving the same sad pic- •
ture. !
That the restrictive policy of England has served ;
mainly, or much, to produce this state of things, !
had always been contended by those who did not j
live and fatten by it. A few authorities from the de- 1
bates of Puihament, which could be increased to j
•volumes, must answer. Upon the distresses .'f that •
country, and the causes, Mr. Robinson said m the
House of Commons:
• He had always given it as his opinion that the restrict-
ive system oi commerce in this countiy (England) was
founded m error, and calculated to deleat the object for
which it was adopted."
Mr. Beaumont said:
"Much of the evil under which the country now labored
might be traced to her commercial system; and the sooner
it was improved the better.
The Marquis of Lansdowne, in the House of Lords,
in a most able speech, exhibiting the benefits of
free trade, and of the best manner of removing dis-
tress, said:
"The circumstances which he had mentioned must be
kept in view, when their lordships' attention was to be di-
rected to find a remedy for the distress" which he had de-
scribed. The most obvious remedy was to create a demand
for labor, and to encourage and extend our foreign trade,
by removing some of those restrictions by which it was
shackled."
Again; in describing the agricultural distress in
England, Mr. Lewis said, in the House of Com-
mons;
"Ekcessive taxation was the great reason for all the dis-
tress that was complained of. Now he must observe that
this system of protection acted as? a tax on consumable com-
modities. This was what the consumer felt; and this in-
creased price did not go to supply any exigency ofthe
State, but went to the landholder. This was the true state
of the ease. It was a. tax on the prime necessaries of hie,
and interfered with that upon which all labor depended. It
was the worst species of tax, as it was not levied for pur-
pobes of state, but to serve and assist a particular class of
persons."
Mr. Ward, in speaking in the House of Com-
mons on the distress of the country, says:
"Every one of those men thought and said that their dis-
tiesb was occasioned by afiee exchange not being allowed
between their produce and that of other countries."
Viscount Howick, in the House of Lords, upon
the subject of the distress of the country, said:
"He believed that, by relaxation of the restrictions which
still confined our foicign trade, by a larger and wiser alteia-
tion of the corn laws than any that had yet been proposed,
Parliament might do much to mitigate the existing dis-
tress."
One other extract from a leading English jour-
nal :
'•At this moment there were more than a million and a
half of paupers. We have a population of ten millions who
live on potatoes and oatmeal, and some millions beside who
eat much less wheat bread than they would do if they could
obtain it.
"This condition of the people of England is considered by
her wisest and best men to be almost wholly caused by
their restrictive system
These authorities proved the conclusion to which
he had arrived; and even there the community were
arising to assert and demand their rights. There
the people were moving on for freedom of trade
and equality of rights, as did our fathers. For
this question of taxation was one of. the great
and fundamental principles of our revolution—one
of the great questions that kindled up the fire of
liberty in all the land. It was the tax on tea that
made the harbor at Boston a receptacle for that
weed. In fact, in every great struggle for popular
liberty, directly or indirectly the taxing system—
the oppressive systems of taxation—had formed a
material and substantial feature.
The time allotted to him (a limitation for
which he never had and never would vote)
would not allow him to go fully into details,
nor did he desire it. His principal object
was to point out the design and effect of the
great principles of the law—show that it was a
tax measure, imposing the burdens of government
upon the less wealthy portion of the people, by tax-
ing necessaries high, and luxuries and articles of
fancy and ornament loic. By adding the duty paid
at the custom-house, you increase the price by the
amount of duty added. Look at the manner first,
in which duties are laid on raw materials, and then
on the same article after it is manufactured. Why
this oppression, injustice, and iniquity upon the
farmer? Why legislate money from his pocket into
the pocket of the manufacturer, or any other clasi??
The table presented was compiled by the honorable
senator from New Hampshire, Mr. Woodury.
Duties discriminating for manufactures and against ag-
riculture, &c.
Agriculture and other raw
 material, low. 
Hides,' 5 per cent
Lm eed, pei cent.
Wool, cheap, s pei cent.
< 'ork, baik, lice
Rags, for paper, 1 ct.perlb
Qiuils, unprepared, loper ct.
Silk, raw, 50 cents pei lb.
Bristles, 1 cent per lb
Era^-s, crude, fiee
Tlemp, 30 to Zi percent
cotton. 3 cts., oi 3S to Zo p. ct
Max, raw, 1 ct or 7 to 9 p ct
Lead crude, irto 3 cts. p. lb
Tin, ciude, in pigs. 1 per ct.
Wood rough. 20 per cent.
The manufactured materials
 high. 
Leather, 3-j per cent.
Lm<-eed oil, 2r> percent.
\\ oollens, <!o to 60 per cent
Coiks, made, *23 to 30 per ct.
Faper, ljto 17 cants per lb.
Quills, prepared, 2oper cent.
Silks. 50, &cc.
Brushes, 30 percent.
< Biass, manu'd, 30 per cent.
/ " kettle^ 12 cts. p ,b
\ Cort'oge, 100 to 130 per ct
( L oz;oi± bagging .>0 to p ct.
Cotton clothe, 80 to U0j> ct.
Ma'i, manu'd, to to &0p ct.
( Lead, pipes, kc., cts p lb.
j '• white & red, 4 cts. "
Tin, in plates, 2^- per cent.
Wood, manufae'd, 30 percent.
*$4, 118,000 were the imports of only three articles out of
the fifteen, in 1840—viz:
Hides ... ... $2,766,214'
Cheap wool (under 8 cents) - - 675,009
Hemp (all kinds) - - - - . 686,777
, $4, US,000
The law was not designed to benefit agriculture,
nor, indeed, could it essentially do so. Agricultural
productions constituted the great articles of export-
It was true that, upon some articles of agricultural
production, prohibitory duties were laid; but being'
articles which we exported, and with which we
could nearly supply the world, it was of little or no
benefit. Indeed, Mr. Clay.had-said the same thing
in addition to his abuse of that class of "our citizens.
Hear him:
"Agriculture needs no protection. The habits offarmers,
generation after generation, pass down a long track of time
in perpetual succession, without the slightest change; and
the ploughman who fastens his plough to the tail of his cat-
tle will not own there is any improvement-equal to his."
This was language used in favor of protecting
manufactures, because they would improve in ma-
chinery and manufacturing. But let the farmer go—
lie did not need any protection!!
Again: Mr. H. asserted that if any one would
take the tariff act, or tax act, and carefully examine '
it, he could not fail to observe that the common and
necessary articles entering into the consumption1 of
farmers, mechanics, and laborers, were taxednighest;
luxuries and ornaments a low tax, or free. Was this -
feature of the system "incidental" or designed?
Examine some of the taxes on prime necessaries,
and articles of common use. Molasses is taxed 51
per cent. Brown sugar, 71 per cent. Nutmegs; 58
per cent. Black pepper, 130 per cent. Pimento,
62 per cent. Hats, 43 per cent. Window glass, 8
by 10, 62 per cent.; 10 by 12, 76 per cent., all above
12 by 18, 165 per cent. Salt, from 60 to 130
per cent. Iron, 32 to 250 per cent. Sole leather,
53 per cent. Childrens boots and shoes, 60 per
cent. Cheap ingrained carpets, 90 per-cent. Log-
ging chains,-160 per cent. Trace-chains, 144 per
cent. Cotton gooas, 30 to 200 per cent. Woollen-
goods from 40 to 67 per cent. This was but a small
list, which could be extended to many, very many
other articles, but here were facts and figures enough
to show the general principles of the measure. We
must not, however, omit to state that-the better or
finer the article, the lower the tax or duty. Com-
mon cottons were taxed from 50 to 150 per cent, for
the use of the poor; finer and nicer cottons were
taxed or paid a duty of 30 per cent. It was so
with woollens- Gold watch-chains, 7 per cent.
Logging chains 160!! Such was one .of the
black features running through the whole law.
Protection to labor is the false cry of the
federal party; and here we have that protection
which the wolf gives to the lamb, the vulture to its
prey. But look at the other side of this picture.
Turn from the taxes imposed upon necessary and
common articles, and look at luxuries and ornaments,
before you can fully appreciate all the inherent beau-
ties of federal protection. Thread laces pay a duty
or tax of 15 per cent. Trimming laces, 20 per cent.
Finest Wilton carpets, 34 per cent. Laces of gold
and silver, 15 per ccnt. Embroidered articles,
20 per cent. Plate glass, 8 by 12, 6 percent.;
10 by 14, 6 per cent.; 14 by 22, 13 per cent.
Diamonds, SEVEN AJND A HALF per cent. Gold
watches and parts of watches, 7* per cent. Gems,
peaite, and precious stones, 7i percent. Gold and
silver leaf, 20 per cent. Gold and silver knots, tas-
sels, stars, &c., 15 per cent. Books, Latin and
Greek, 13 per cent. Books printed in other lan-
guages than Latin, Greek, Hebrew, or English, 5
per cent. Epaulettes of gold or silver, philosophical
apparatus, paintings, drawings, engravings, &c.,
frek of all duty or tax. Why was it that such
principles of inequality should exist, and why were
they enacted? Why these onerous and oppressive
taxes upon common and necessary articles, while
luxuries are taxed low, or not at ail? One great
reason why the unequal provisions of the law ob-
tained was, that those who were interested swarmed
around the Capitol, and importuned and labored
until success crowned their efforts. It was because
the agricultural and laboring classes did not come
there and beg for partial laws and special favors.
Capitalists, more active and more clamorous, were
always on the aleit, and demanding, and too often
securing, additional bounties. They sought to en-
rich themselves at the expense of labor; and the
| system tended to degrade the laborer, by making
■ him in a manner dependent, and compelling him to
