April, 1844.
APPENDIX fO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Jlrmy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Wentworth.
H. of Reps.
government, reforming abuses, and "proscribing pro-
scription." It was a most hollow-hearted profession;
and though heard at all times and places upon their
lips, they did not design to practise as they preached.
Look at facts, and then say, if all shame were not
lost, would not these men hang their heads and
blush? The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
shows the whole expenditures of the year 1840—
being the last year of Mr. Van Buren's administra-
tion—to have been - $22,351,147
The same report of December, 1843,
shows the expenditures of the ad-
ministration in 1841, to have been - 26,877,059
Showing a difference between the last
year of a democratic administration
and the first year of a federal one, of - $'4,525,912
Over four and a half millions of dollars greater
in 1841 than 1840. This was the practical comment-
ary upon what was so often promised. Such were
precept and example. Such was their relief to labor
and tax-papers.
. At the very same time this administration were
increasing the public expenditures, they were also
creating a "national debt." Mr. Morse, his colleague,
had said there was a debt of about thirty millions of
dollars when his friends came into power. Now was
that true, and how did he make up that debt? In an
original manner, truly. He took the appropriations
for the year 1841, and called it a public debt. That
was a novel view indeed. Now he (Mr. H.) would
refer to the report of the Secretary, the official docu-
ment, and there the facts could be learned:
Statement of the public debt onlhe 3 d of Jkferc/i,JL841.
Treasury notes ontntantting - - - $6,607,361 54
Debt of the corporate cities of the District of
Columbia, assumed by the United States - 1,440,000 CO
The (old) funded and and unfunded debt, via:
The funded debt, principal - - $53,174 38
interest - - 243,106 36
 • 296,2S0 74
The unfunded debt, registered cer-
tificates - - - 26.622 44
Do treasury notes issued during
the late war - - - 4,475 00
Do Mississippi certificates - - 4,320 09
  35,417 53
$8,379,039 81
TREASTRY DF.PARTMrNT,
Register's Officf, December 28, 1841.
T. L. SMITH,
Register.
It would therefore be seen that, in fact, the only debt
which was connected with the administration of Mr.
Van Buren, was little more than six and a half mil-
lions of dollars for outstanding treasury notes. The
whole amount of debt was a little over eight millions
of dollars; and of that sum, it would be seen, near
two millions were for the debts of the District of
Columbia and the old funded and unfunded debt.
These were the facts. Now examine the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, December 11, 1843, and
see what was the national debt then, and how much
it was increased in less than three years:
Statement of the debt of the United States, Dec. 1,1843.
1 Of this (old) funded debt, being unclaimed
principal and interest, returned from tile late
loan offices - ■ " "
2 Outstanding certificate* and interest to 31st
Decembe, 1793, of the (old) unfunded debt,
payable on presentation - - - -4,214-9
3. Treasury notes issued during the late war,
payable on presentation - - - 44
4 Certificates of Mississippi stock, payable on
presentation - - - * *
5. Debts of the corporate cities of the Distuct
of Columbia assumed by the United States,
Of the city of Washington - $900,000 00
Alexandria - 210,GOO ()0
Georgetown 210,000 Oil
6. Loanst viz:
Under the act o<" 21st July,
1S41, redeemable 1st Janua-
ry, 1845 - ■ $5,672,97(i 83
Under the act of loth April,
13340, redeemable 1st Janu-
arv, 186.1 - • " 8,343,896 03
Under the act of 3d March,
1S43, redeemable Ht July,
1833 ... - 7,000,0(10 00
4,S20 09
1,320,000 00
>1,016,862 91
7. Outstanding treasury notes:
Of the several issues prior to
31st August, 1843* • • 3,917,725 92
Of notes issued and paid out
under act of 3d March, 1S43, 247, ">00 00
 . 4.165,22) 92
■'This sum include $?S,301 in the hands of the accounting
officers T. L. SMITH, Register.
TREASURY DJF.VRTMENT.
Register's Oftce, December 1, 1843.
The sum total of the debt was,
December 1, 1843 - - $26,472,949 99
The sum total of the debt was,
March 3, 1841 - - - 8,379,059 81
Increase by the reform-promising,
retrenching, and labor-protecting
party, in two years and nine
months -
• §18,363,890 18
Forget not, but let it be proclaimed, that, during
all this time, that same party had clear and undis-
puted majorities in each branch of Congress.
Again: This same "consistent," reform-promising
pa^ty, at the commencement of the 27th Congress,
voted to elect, and did contract with, printers at
twenty per cent, less than what had been previously
paid. This was a reform in fact; but what did the
sequel prove? At midnight, on the last day of the
session, in the very face of their own votes, prom-
ises, and contract, and without so much as a request
from any one to do so being before them, they re-
stored said twenty per cent.; or, in plain truth, they
voted to give to Messrs. Gales & Seaton and Thom-
as Allen, $49,005 13, a perfect gratuity to those men,
and, as he had no sort of doubt, designed to sup-
port political presses. This might be set down as
another measure of reform, protection to labor, and
relief from taxes. It was a perfect parallel in the
consistency of that party, which came in to "pro-
scribe proscription," and made removals in six
months nearly fifiuil to all that had taken place in the
twelve preceding years. Of many officers the re-
movals were more numerous in that six months, than
in the twelve years preceding.
This same party, too, in its extreme love for the
tax-payer, and in perfect illustration of the true
manner in which they would cherish the producing
and laboring classes, voted twenty-five thousand
dollars to the widow of President Harrison, who
was at the very time possessed of a fortune. The
constitution of the country—the great shield which
protected the citizen from the encroachment of pow-
er—did not justify or admit of suchagi/f. While
this large sum was given to one already in affluence,
how many poor and industrious men were compel-
led to labor under a scorching sun, and amidst the
frosts of winter, to contribute their portions of all
these sums so squandered? One single other act,
and he (Mr. H.) had done. In 1840, when the
public mind was excited, and reason was drewned
in buffoonery, what foolish, yet, to many honest
minds, effective, cries were sent up through all the
country, in relation to the extravagant manner in
which the President's house was furnished? It was
degrading to humanity that such depravity should
have been witnessed; and honest men should blush
at such a course. Did not the fact appear upon the
records of Congress, who would, for one moment,
believe that the same party which had used this
miserable and degrading humbug, with which to de-
ceive the people, had appropriated six thousand
dollars for additional furniture, as one of its first
acts? He did not complain of the appropriation at
all; but he called the attention of the House and
the country to it for the purpose of holding up in
scorn all who would pursue such a course. With
what deep indignation should a community of hon-
est men, thus cheated and deceived, treat such a
party! Such acts should and would weigh upon
them like an incubus; and, while facts were remem-
bered, he had no fear of a restoration of such men
and such measures: Cheated and grossly deceived,
an honest and intelligent community had been, by
specious promises of all kinds; but when all, all, all
had been falsified by their acts, cheated they would
not be again.
But (said Mr. II.) my colleague asks, What arc
democratic principles? He would tell him:
No national bank, with its blighting power.
No national debt in a time of peace.
No squandering or giving away the public reve-
nue, again to tax the industry of the country to re-
place it.
A tariff of low duties, so laid as to operate equal-
ly upon all.
No assumption of State debts.
A law to secure the public treasury fiom loss and
bank peculation. ,
And an economical and frugal administration of
the affairs of government—such economy as has be-
gun in this House, by cutting down the appropria-
tion bills for the whole expenditures of government
to about seventeen millions of dollars; and retrench-
ment by this very army bill would be about one-
half a million of dollars—against which his col-
league and the federal party generally voted. The
navy and civil retrenchment bills, he, trusted,
too, would be reached, and another half million of
dollars saved on those measures, notwithstanding
the opposition from the other Side of the House.
Such were the measures of the democratic'party.
For them they would • rally, in sunshine and m
storm. With them they would go to the country;
and upon their merits he would rest the issue. He
would unfold them to the public eye, that all should
see and understand. Around these principles they
would rally with zeal and energy—with no flag to
float above their heads but that of our own stars
and stripes—and with no battle-ery but that of Our
country! and Esto perpetual
SPEECH OF ME. WENTWORTH,
of illinois. -
In the House of Representatives, April, 1844—In Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state, of the Union,
the army bill being under discussion, and the mo-
tion of Mr. Pettit, of Indiana, to strike out all
the appropriations for chaplains, pending.
Mr. Chairman: The gentlemen on the other side
seem very anxious to take the question, which they
can do in a very few moments; but which I fear
they will not to be so strenuous to do when I
have made a practical adaptation of their own re-
marks to the character of the leaders of the party
to which they belong. Though always here to lis-
ten, I seldom trouble the House with any remarks;
and, if others would imitate my example, more bu-
siness would be done, and our day of adjournment
would be earlier. I shall say but little now; yet,
when I publish my. remarks, I shall avail myself of
the usual privilege of making such additions to
them as I may think proper; and, if those who hear
mc now do not recognise my speech when pub-
lished, they will be much like myself -in perusing
the speeches now being scattered over -the country
for electioneering purposes, purporting to have been
delivered in this hall, and which, from constant at-
tendance, I ought to have heard, but which I never
did hear, nor did any one else. Of this I do not
complain; and I hope the gentlemen will not com-
plain of me if, after saying a few words offhand
here, I add, in my pamphlet edition, a few notes
and extracts, which I will not take up the time- of
the House to have read now. Gentlemen ask if I
intend to put pictures in it. Most certainly not,
sincc my colleague's burlesque on all pictures, which
I consider a mere attempt, by signs, to make others
believe what he does not; and, what he would not
like (with a due regard for his veracity) to say had
even a semblance of truth. Of all modern inven-
tions for making others believe a falsehood which
you yourself do not like to tell, I think there is
nothing like caricatures.
The gentlemen, who have spoken, have spoken
much like clergymen; but, unlike them, they did not
itbse A-ith a few practical remarks, bringing the
  Vject home to the daily observation and conduct
of their hearers. I will do that for them; and, if
my remarks grate harshly on their ears, or blister
their consciences in the least, let them and their
friends remember that they named the text, and I
only adapt it to the present condition of things. My
mam object in rising, however, is to repel, on the
spot, one of the most atrocious and groundless
charges that unprincipled demagogues and bank-
rupt politicians ever attempted to fasten upon the
demociatic party.
Much as 1 am opposed to the proposition of the
the gentleman from Indiana, I should, but for the
observations of my colleague, have contented myself
with a silent vote upon it, inasmuch as I believe it
could not get the second vote in the House; and
also because I am not ambitious of the fame of a
speech maker. My colleague spoke of "Fanny
Wright principles." Ay, sir, Fanny Wright pru -
ciples! And so, 3ir, this proposition, isolated as it
is, solitary and aloneas itis, both in its origin and sup-
port, is to be turned to political account—is to serve
as a'loop upon which to hang the hopes of despe-
rate and despairing politicians, who aspire to em-
inent stations, not on their own merits, but on the
vices which they falsely assert exist in the breasts
of others; and, perhaos, while I speak, letters are on
the wing to operate on distant elections, bearing the
wilfully" false intelligence that infidel doctrines,
Fanny Wright principles, have been openly avowed
on the floor of Congress, and from appearances, th$
