CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reported the following. resolution;. which was con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee oil Engraving have en-
graved and published twelve hundred and fifty copies of the
maps accompanying report No. 407, from the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. SIMONS, from the same committee, reported
the following resolution, which was considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving have en-
graved and published fifteen hundred copies of each of
tlmty maps, to be selected by said committee, to .accom-
pany the said document: Provided, That the cost of the en-
graving, printing, lithographing, and paper, for said maps,
shall not exceed fifteen hundred dollars.
Mr. SPENCE, from the Committee on Maps,
made a report accompanied by a resolution, to pub-
lish the maps to accompany the report of the War
Department, illustrating the theory of storms.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to amend the
resolution to print the maps, by striking out all after
the word resolved, and insert a substitute, to
discontinue this office in the War Department, and
urged that it was useless.
Mr. SIMONS replied by saying, that perhaps no
man in the House would be less likely to chase idle
experiments, and be governed by the winds, and to
be affected by storms, than he was; that his preju-
dices had been strong against entertaining this sub-
ject, but he confessed to be open to conviction, and
ready to consider propositions for improvement.
He had given the subject consideration, and was
convinced that the author was a scientific man,,and
wise on the subject he had prepared, under his ap*
pointment; that this officer had been employed under
a large salary, had established extensive inquiries,
from the Mississippi to New Brunswick, and
from the lakes to Bermuda, and had collected much
information on the subject; and this House had
ordered the printing of the document he had pre-
pared, which document would be useless with'
out the illustrations by the maps; and shall we
now say these maps shall not be published, and
thereby lose the value, if any there was, in the
labors of this officer? What are we to gain be em-
ploying this man said Mr. S. if his works are to be
suppressed, not brought to light? How can the gentle-
man from Tennessee understanding! y vote to not
only refuse the printing, but to dismiss the officer?
The only way to act rationally on this subject ap-
pears to be, to publish the doings of this officer, and
let them go before the country; and thus will we be
able to decide on the utility of this office. Shall the
sum of a few hundred dollars stand in the way, and
obstruct and render abortive this effort of a learned
philosopher, and of this government, to investigate a
subject on which so much interest depends? Shall
we follow barbarians, and reject all propositions for
improvements? and especially this on which most of
the expense has already accrued? Shall we con-
demn the child for not walking before it creeps?
What great improvement (said Mr. S.) has been per-
iected by the first effort' It is butafew years ago that
the proposition to move a vessel by steam was ridi-
culed to death in a legislative body; acanal burlesqued
as a great mud ditch, and locomotives to run 20
miles an hour were only in the imaginations of crack-
ed brains. For my part, (saidMr. §.,) I have no feel-
ing in this matter but to do justice to the officer and
to the country. To do justice to the first, then, let
us publish his works, performed under our employ-
ment, by which only we shall be able to judge of
his merit; and let us do ourselves the justice to make
use of the researches of our officer, for which most
of the expense is already incurred. Let us do justice
to all, by a reasonable liberality; and by showing
some regard to the works of a philosopher whose
merits are acknowledged, not only by the most dis-
tinguished and learned men in our own country, but
by the most distinguished philosophers in Europe.
Shall it be said, sir, that we turn our backs on those
devoted to science? that this Congress closes its eyes,
like barbarians, on philosophy? and rejects improve-
ments attempted to be made by a preceding Con-
gress? Indeed, sir, if fault is to be found in ex-
pense on this subject, it must be ascribed to the
last, and not to this Congress.
Sir, (said Mr. S.,) let me say, once for all, that
while I watch the box, you need not be alarmed at
the squandering of money; and I bind myself that
your map and chart printing shall not amount to
one-fourth what it has for past years. If these
maps had been published, as proposed at the com-
mencement of the session, and as such work has
been heretofore done, it would cost the government
probably $40,000. This, I am happy to say, I had
811 influence in preventing; and I believe all can be
published which is necessary to accomplish the ob-
ject, for $1,500; and to dismiss the officer, and omit
to publish his work, is to me (said Mr. S.) undigni-
fied in this body, and an evidence of a pertinacious
adherence to the standard of knowledge at which we
have attained, instead of advancing; and evincing
thereby an unphilosophical condition incompatible
with our land of liberty, and light, and at the same
time doing great injustice to a disinterested and dis-
tinguished philosopher, who has spent a life and for-
tune in scientific researches.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to strike out the ori-
ginal resolution, and insert a substitute in the form
of a joint resolution; which proposed to abolish the
of meteorologist, which is attached to the office of
Surgeon General.
Mr. HOPKINS moved the previous question;
which was sustained by the House.
M. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment, and they were ordered; and be-
ing taken, resulted thus—yeas 75, nays 86.
So the amendment was not adopted.
The question then recurred on agreeing to tho
resolution.
The SPEAKER, announced that the morning
hour had expired.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rules,
for the purpose of going into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with a view of
taking up the tariff bill.
Upon this motion, the yeas and nays were de-
manded and ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 80, nays 84, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, Atkinson, James Black,
James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Mil-
ton Brown, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Catlin,
R. Chapman, Chappell, Clinton, Cobb, Cross,Cullom, Daniel,
Dean, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin, Hale, Hammett,
Haialson, Henley, Herrick, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Hughes, Hungerford, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Perley B.
Johnson, Andfew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew
Kennedy, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labraliche, Leonard,
Lewis, Lucas, Maclay, McDowell, McKay, Murphy, Nor-
ris, Owen, Payne, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid,
Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Roberts, Robinson, Simpson, Steen-
rod, Stetson, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Sykes,jTaylor, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton,
Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Bar-
nard, Bidlack, Brengle, Jacob Brinkerlioft", Brodhead, Jere-
miah Blown, Buftington, Cary, Carioll, Causin, Chilton,
Clinch, Clingman, Cranston, Dana, Darrah, Garrett Davis,
Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Ellis, Eish, Eoot,
French, Giddmgs, Willis Green, Byram Green, Grinnell,
Gnder, Harper, Hays, Ilubbell, Hudson, James B. Hunt,
Charles J. ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
John P. Kennedy, Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland, Mcllvame,
Marsh, E. J. Morris, Moise, Mo.seley, Nes, Newton, Parmen-
ter, Patterson, E. R. Potter, E. D. Potter, Preston, Ramsey,
Charles M. Reed, Ritter, Rockwell, Rodney.^Rogers, Sam-
ple, Schenck, Severance, David L. Seymour, John T.
Smith, Caleb B. 'Smith, Spenco, Andrew Stewart, John
Stewart, Summers, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wethered, White,
Williams, Winthrop, William Wright, and Yost—34.
So the House refused to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. TIBBATTS moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer a resolution to take the
bill making appropriations for certain harbors and
rivers out of committee at 2 o'clock this day.
Mr. ROGERS moved to amend by extending the
time to 3 o'clock.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON demanded the previous
question; but being informed that the subject of the
resolution was not the western harbor bill, he with-
drew the demand.
The question was put on suspending the rules;
and a division being called, 65 gentlemen rose in the
affirmative.
Mr. REDING then demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas
88, nays 62.
The rules having been suspended by this vote,
Mr. TIBBATTS offered the following resolution;
which was read:
Rcsoh'ti, That al! debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union on House bill No. 203,
making appropriations lor ceitam harbors and rivers, shall
cease at 4 o'clock, p m , this day, (if the committee shall not
sooner come to a conclusion upon the same,) and the com-
mittee shall then proceed to vote on such amendments as
may be pending, or offered to tho same; and shall then re-
port it to the House, with such amendments as may have
been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. DROMGOOLE expressed his strong objec-
tions to the resolution, and to the hurrying so'im-
portant a bill through, embracing a variety of de-
tails, without discussion. If the bill was to be ta-
ken out of committee at 2 o'clock, the two gentle-
men who might first obtain the floor, might con- j
sume the whole time allowed for "debate in express-
ing their own views on it, while no dne would be
permitted to reply to them. Besides, it was not so
certain that this bill would be taken up when .the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole,
for the committee would then have the- power to
give the preference to any other bill. He consider-
ed the House pledged by the vote it . gave the other
day, to take up the tariff bill to-day; and he should
make a motion to that effect as soon as the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole. Hay-
ing been unfortunately absent when the vote was
taken this morning to go into Committee of the
Whole on that bill, he wished to have an opportu-
nity of placing himself in the position he would
have stood had he been present.
Mr. WHITE called the gentleman from Virgin-
ia to order, on the ground that the question being
one of priority of business, was not debatable.
Mr. PAYNE contended that the debate was m
order, and expressed the hope that a bill making
such large appropriations would not be passed
through with so limited a discussion as that resolu-
tion allowed.
Mr. SPEAKER decided that the question was
not, correctly speaking, one of a priority of busi-
ness. The resolution prescribed the time of taking
ing the bill out of the Committep*of the Whole; but
that depended upon the contingency whether the
committee should decide upon taking it up. The
question therefore was debatable.
Mr. PAYNE made some remarks in opposition
to the resolution. He had always been opposed to
these gags; and he appealed to the democratic party
not to follow the example of the whig Congress in
enforcing them.^ The majority of that House por-
fessed the principle that the people had a right to
understand their action here, and should therefore
allow full liberty of debate, particularly on such im-
portant subjects as this, where the most extrava-
gant appropriations were made. This gag system
had commenced with the whig Congress, and noth-
ing had injured them so much with the people as
that, and the oppressions they practised under it.
Mr. WHITE did not concur in the opinion of
the Chair, that this was a debatable question; but as
it was decided to be so, he would take the occasion
to say a few words in reply to the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Payne.] The gentleman had alluded
to the history of these gag laws, but he was mis-
taken in one point. He admitted that the gentle-
man liad always been opposed to them, but -he
would tell him that their origin was not in the 27th
Congress; the gentleman would have to go further
back, to the democratic 26th Congress, to find their
commencement. It was astonishing to him that it
should have escaped the attention of the gentleman
from Alabama, that the rule to enable the House to
go into Committee of the Whole at any time, was
established by the 26th Congress. If he looked
back to that time, he would find that the majority of
that Congress, finding themselves unable to bring
the session to a close by the despatch of the public
business, were the first to adopt that rule. The
whigs of the next Congress not only adopted the
same rule, but they improved upon it; for they add-
ed a rule to enable the majority to take a bill out of
committee at any time they pleased. They did
more. They adopted a rule by which each member
was restricted to one hour in debate. This very
rule, which the democratic party had abused so
much, as tyrannical and oppressive, had been adopt-
ed by a democratic Congress. He was one of those
who held that the majority of the House were re-
sponsible for its action, and that, being thus held re-
sponsible, they should have the means of carrying
their measures through in a reasonable time. It
was for this reason that he advocated the adoption
of these rules in the 27th Congress.
Mr. RHETT denied the correctness of the his-
torical statements of the gentleman from Kentucky.
He denied that the democratic party had struck
down the liberty of debute on this floor.
Mr. WHITE inquired if the gentleman from
South Carolina denied that the democratic party
first established the rale by which a mere majority
could go into Committee of the Whole, and stop
debate.
Mr. RHETT replied that, while a question was
before the House, a majority could sustain the pre-
vious question; but, in Committee of the Whole,
the privilege of debate existed in its fullest extent.
How, then, could it be said that a motion which
simply gave priority of business, was a striking
down ot debate? Had the gentleman forgotten how
