510
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Army Appropriation Bill—Mr. Weniworih.
April, 1844.
H. of Reps.
whole party is likely to back them. Falsehoods as
glaring, as absurd, as groundless, were told on the
eve of the last presidential election, and on the
principle that "the Ethiopian cannot change his
skin, nor the leopard his spots," we may expect
them now. Sir, I do expect them; and now is just
the time to strangle this bugbear, recuscitated
the ten thousandth time to frighten people into the
support of a cause which, if it has merits, ought to
be tried by them. The gentleman from Indiana
has moved to abolish the office of chaplain in the
army. At a former time, he presented a large peti-
tion, signed by people without-distinction of party,
praying for the same. He prefaced his remarks
with a eulogy upon the sacrei' writings, (if the
commendations of poor humanity upon the word of
God can be called by so strong a term.) He told us
his aged mother, his own wife, many of his rel-
atives and friends, and a large portion of his con-
stituents were professed Christians, and lie him-
self eschewed infidelity; but, nevertheless, he saw
fit to make the motion, and for it, he, and he alone,
is responsible. Having been brought several times
the past winter to the very verge of the grave in his
protracted sickness, I cannot believe he would
so soon deny the God who has so miracu-
lously, so mercifully saved him. But I fear,
I almost know, that the strongest efforts will
be made to gain political influence from his in-
dividual opinions. Newspapers, letter-writers-,
and stump orators, will manufacture him into a
party oracle—ay, sir, into the very imbodyment of
democratic principles. They will make him the
organ of a party caucus, convened" on purpose to
get up the very amendment proposed, and they will
have him backed by the whole party. Hence I
must call for a vote, when X sit down, so as to brand
these contemplated slanders on the spot, and let the
public see, as I am sure it will, that but one man
will sustain him in what has been termed his Fanny-
Wright course; which appellation I cannot make, af-
ter knowing him so well, much as I disapprove of it.
Altogether too long has the democratic party
writhed under the ignominy of advocating the doc-
trines of Fanny Wright. And yet, who she is and
where she is, I know not. I never saw her. I nev-
er saw a person who said he had seen her, nor did I
ever read a line of her writings or ever see a person
who said he ever had read them. Such is my ignor-
ance, if ignorance it be. Her existence may have been
actual; it certainly has been ideal; and even now her
spectre haunts the imagination of politicians in want
of capital. I once attempted to inquire her out of a
political declaimer, who seemed frightened into hys-
terics at the sight of the veritable creature herself, or
her ghost. He pretended to know all about her,
and described her as the sister of Silas Wright of
New York, an aunt of Mr. Van Buren,an opponent of
all marriage laws, a disbeliever in the Biole, a pro-
faner of the Sabbath, and an advocate of the sub-
treasury and other infidel measures. But no matter
who she is or what she is; her name and principles
were used in 1840, and had their effect among the
other humbugs of that day. Sufficient to say, that
her name is used as a term of reproach by those
striving for self-elevation by slandering others, and
is generally used to denominate a person who be-
lieves that all things are common, and should be;
and the Fanny-Wright party, in this sense, is, in
the anger of debate, sometimes applied to the demo-
cratic party, and thus becomes too contemptible a
charge to notice, as 1 can believe no such senti-
ments are advocated by any American citizen, and
much less by any gentleman on this floor. Why,
then, use it? As well might I ask why ten thousand
infamous things are done for mere political effect,
by partizans, who are not content with pluming
themselves out in all the gorgeous and changeable
hues of the peacock, but must then depict their op-
ponents in all the ugliness of the porcupine. This
humbug, I think, has had itsday. And, if not, I think
I have said enough to controvert any letters, reports,
or speeches that mav emanate from this hall to-day,
suiving again, ror tne ten thousandth time, to fasten
infidelity upon every person who advocates the
democratic creed, when it is but the part of justice
to say there are Christians in all parties, and many
of them, too; but yet not so many as there ought to
be. And I leave it to "the searcher of hearts" alone
to pronounce the sentence as to the relative piety of
different men and different parties; at the same time
protesting, in the name of truth and justice and
humanity, against attaching the foul scandal of Fan-
ny Wrightism to any party now in existence.
Jhere are gentjemei) on tne other side of this
House whom, if it were proper thus to speak of
any person, I could describe as ornaments of the
church. 1 have known of no instance where any
one of my political friends has attempted to bring
religious opinions to bear upon politics. We have
impugned no man's sentiments as infidel—have called
no man a follower of Fanny Wright, of Tom Paine,
of Voltaire, of Hume, or any other person of that
class. We have never found fault with the reli-
gious professions of the mass of that party, though
we have wondered that they did not better put
them in practice in the selection of their standard-
bearer in the coming presidential contest. [Note 1.]
How can they expect to gather "grapes from thorns,
or figs from thistles?" I know that there are wor-
thy church members among our opponents. 'And
yet there is not one of them but what belongs to a
church that has democrats for members. There is
not a gentleman on the other side but who knows
that there are also worthy church-members on this
side, and many of them, and the most exemplary
and devoted christians, too. And they know, as
every intelligent man knows, that this charge
of Fanny Wrightism, as applied to the demo-
cratic party, has no foundation in truth, and
there is no apology for its promulgation, ex-
cept upon the doctrine that the end justifies the
means—the infamous principles of those designing
demagogues who fire pistols through our doors to
shoot members [Note 2;] who boldly proclaim,
whilst addressing crowds on Sunday, that "there
are no Sabbaths in revolutionary times," [Note 3;]
that, "if we cannot have black slaves, we must have
white ones," [Note 4;] and who call murder a nine-
("NrtTF I J
"Tiif, Hfro of Bladensbuho.—A debate recently took
place m the Maine legislature, m giving an expression up-
on the choice of electors, in which a whig member wishing
to give >3r. Clay a little military renown, designated him
as the 'Hero of Ashland !' A democrat retorted:
•'The gentleman from Portland ha? alluded to what ho
terms the 'Hero of Ashland ! •'
"Mr. Li'iti.f.. The statesman of Ashland.
"Air. Jakvis. The gentleman said the 'Hero of Ashland!'
Did he not mean, sir, the hero of Bladen^huru,? The states-
man oi Ashland !—the hero of Bladensburg ' !~Bladens-
burg-—the duelling ground in the vicinity of Washington—
the ground, sir, where Cilley fell—fell, doomed before he
entered it—doomed by the challenge penned by this -hero
of Ashland !'—doomed by the coldblooded manner in which
the terms of the combat were prescribed ! Was it the 'hero
of Ashland,' oi the hero oi Bladensburg7 And are we to be
told that the hero of Bladen&burg is to ride triumphant
throughout the State? that we have so soon forgotten the
murdered, the martyred Cilley ' Yes. s>ir ! martyred—fallen
in defence of the honor of his State—fallen under the terms
prescribed by the man who is now proposed as a candidate
for the highest office in the gilt of tne people ! The 'hero
of Ashland!'—the hero of Bladensburg!—the brag player"'
[notj. 2.]
See account of the reccnt attempt ofa man by the name of
Moore from Clay's district, in Kentucky, to shoot General
McCauslkn, a democrat from Ohio, whose pistol so far
missed the mark as to dangerously wound one of the Capitol
police.
[NOTK 3.]
Daniel Webster's speech at Baltimore on Sunday.
[notr 4.]
The following account is given in the Albany Argus:
"It was in the first debate on the Missouri bill, February
15, 1S19, in Committee of the Whole, when* he used thete
words:
" 'If gentlemen will not allow us to have black slaves,
they must let us have white ones; for we cavnot cut our
firfwood, and b1,ac k. ou'hshojs, ANDHAVK OIJRW1VKS
AND DAUGHTERS WORK IN THE KITCHEN.'
"1 have not been able to find any report of this speech, but
in regard to the debate,I find it commenced on Saturday,
February 13 The National Intelligencer of Monday In is
torn out'of the files in the library oi Congress. The Intel-
ligencer of Tuesday ICth, gives Monday's proceeding*. It
w as on a met o-s b\ Xr Tallmadge, of N'; w ^ ork, to .>>nend
tlit* bill authorizing the people ol ,Vkmjimi to [oim a cuiMi-
ton Mr T moved a pioviso 'that the further inti odiu lion
of «lavery or involuntary sMviiude uo prohibited, except
for the punishn ent ol cunies whereof the pa?ties Uirdl have
bee i lully eo'ivicted ' Camed-TQ to (>7. The Intelligen-
cer says,''the result of tiio motion appears to have h*-en
wholly unexpected' The ad\0C'itess ol restriction were
Taylor, Mills, Li\ ermore, and Fuller the opponents, Bar-
bour Pmdoll, ( lay, and Holmes In tin; House, February
If), the restriction pa^-ed, $7 to 76
' Extract from the ^iccch of Mr Ta\lor,of NowYmk,
February 15, 1S1Q, on the Missouri bill Nat onal Intelli-
gencer. .March 20. IblP:
" 'You cannot degrade it flaboi] moreeffectually than by
establishing a system whereby it shall tie performed prin-
cipally bv "slaves The business in which they are gener-
ally enga'ged, be it what it may, voon become* Ocl^.d m
public estimation It is considered low and unfit lor ir^e-
men. I cannot better illustrate this truth than by lefemng
to a remark of the honorable gentleman trom Kentuck\,
(Mr. Clay ) I have often admired the liberality of his senti-
ments. He is governed by no \ulgor prejudices, j et with
what abhorrence did he speak of the performance by our
wives and dughtcis of those domestic offices which he was
pleased to call servile! What comparison did he make be-
tween the 'black slaves" of Kentucky and the 'white slaves'
of the North j and how instantly did he strike the balance in
days' bubble, [Note 5,] and who can obtrude their
heads into this very hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and use the most unbecoming language
to its Speaker, [our next President, Mr. Polk,] whilst
the House was in session, and he was in the hon-
est discharge of his duty, [Note 6.]
On the night previous to the late awful catastro-
phe, I attended a meeting of the Bible'Society in
this hall. The vice-president was one of my brother
democrats [Gov. Dunlap] from the extreme East;
and the gentleman who made the best speech on the
occasion was another of the same party [General
Howard of Indiana] from the extreme West. And
there were democrats from every part of this coun-
try scattered through the hall, who took an active
part, and manifested the deepest interest in its pro-
ceedings. According to the base imputations
made by the political hucksters in this
country, one would think that all such
were to be read out of the party. I acknowledge
that there were whigs, on that occasion, equally at-
tentive and equally zealous. In all the schemes for
man's social, literary, scientific, and religious ad-
vancement, I am not afraid to contrast the demo-
cratic party with the whig party; yet I will nof so
far imitate the vile example of some of our oppo-
nents as to say they are behind us in these matters.
I only challenge an investigation of the facts; and I
am willing that the preponderance, whichever way
it may be, should be attributed to individuals rather
than to parties.
In relation to the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana, I would not entertain it for a moment.
On no consideration would I destroy the religious
influences which pervade this country. No induce-
ment could tempt me to withdraw from the poor
sailor and soldier "the Lamb's book of life;1' and,
as many cannot read, take from them their religious
teachers—remove them beyond the hallowed atmo-
sphere of the righteous, whose prayers avail so much.
Sir, 1 am incapable of eulogizing the Christian reli-
gion as it deserves. I want that light from above so
indispensable to such an undertaking. I adopt the
language of my democratic friend from Mississippi,
[Mr. Hammet,] and say:
"A religion which teachos the sublime sentiments which
the Christian religion teaches, could never be injurious to
any nation. In the language of Scripture, whatsoever things
are true—whatsoever things are lovely—whatsoever things
are of good report.—proceed from its observance. The
country suffered to man to have charge of her interests, or
to fill any important trust, until he bound himself, by oath
upon the Bible, to discharge his duty faithfully. No man
would trust his interest, his honor, or his life, to the sound-
est jury, until they were first bound by a solemn oath to do
him justice.
"But, apart from the consideration of its Divine origin, it
was the sublimest system of ethics—it prescribed the purest
code of morals—that could be devised. Look abroad
through the world: where was it that true liberty was
favor of the former? If such opinions and expressions, even
in the order of debate, can fall from that honorable gentle-
man, what ideas do you suppose are entertained of laboring
men by the majority of slaveholders?''
"This certainly leaves no room for doubt or cavil, as to
the ffict of his ha\ing made such a speech. And there is no
record or pretence that he ever explained or qualified it.
There it stands to this day. But we find further prool.
The next session, the subject came up again, and m the Na-
tional Intelligencer, of Jul> 1,1820, we find the following
extract:
"Speech of Mr Rich, of Vermont. February 17, 1820:
"'I have, by the successful influence of my example,
taught mj sons to cultivate the eaith, while my daughters
have been instructed in the manuiactuie of clothing for
thernsehes and brothers, extending oven to fho.«o I ha\e
now the honor to wear, and in the useful labors of the
kitchen."
1 In a note it wos ?,m.V
■''\v h"n this s.il'/'.-i uiiM r con i b-m'ion n' fei 'ret
session, {co honondde >>;■< «d.t r [( 1;:) j jemjiLed to the h-1-
low «ng etk'Ct'
"'II Lrenik'"un will not olluw u' to ImeKoc-L ,sh<\es,
tli'-y must let us have white ones, lor \,e cwvonu oik
t'Hivooi), \v  !'i.\CK OIK <■!!..AND IIAVK Ob ft
WIVKS AND l)AUUHTr:RS-U OL-\ IN 1HK KiTCJiy.W"
(Nr,™ ]
See Kendall's he lory ol Ch>j\ part in the Cillej duel.
[ \\> r i f, ]
A statement of a scene m the liouse of Repre=eniati\rs.
by n gentleman who will \ouch for it, if neee>fi>n, and
] io> e it U mere? < r-. w hobo name • ore gn en bj h.m* ' 'i he
statement is :>s loJlou-.:
"Being called on, ! de«*m it my duty to state that yester-
day, m the House oflicpn m ntaihes, immediately after the
Speaker gave the costing\ote on the \,i>-civsippi election
question, the lion Uenrj ( lay, looking m the direction of
the Speaker, exclaimed, 'Go honif' iloddioun yov! \oheif i/nii
bdour fhesc epithets w civ uLored just u-s the Speaker
g;uo his vote. Mr < by w a^ standing near the western en-
trance to the hall, and < lo^e to the bai ol the House 1 u as
standing Vt'itiim /l\t- let', oi \ s < hi\, \[i chanev, ofOh o,
sitting in his u a.% s0 n,Mr .\,r.' ( lay that he'heord h;s
remaik and munedudthj t onumlt'd it /« Mr. Gallup,
of New York was standing near, and heard the same it"
niarli very distinctly."— Globe, Febriwyh 1S3S.
