PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Ssss.
FRIDAY, APRIL 12, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 32.
[Continued from No. 31.
The Clerk then read a song—"For Henry Ciav
hurrah, hurrah, hurrah!"
Mr. PAYNE resumed. The doggerel which.had.
been read would show that the canvass has been
opened; and it was apparent it was to be a second
edition of the contest of 1840? And what were to be
the principles of the contest of 1844? Why, "Hurrah,
hurrah, hurrah!" (Laughter.) He was grieved to
see the degrading means resorted to, to influence the
American people: it was exceedingly unpleasant to
him, and deeply wounded his national pride. Con-
trasted with the spirit which animated our forefa-
thers who achieved our national independence, it was
a direct insult to the intelligence of the people, and
to those illustrious men who established a free gov-
ernment, in reliance on the capability of the people
to govern themselves. If the venerated form on the
right of the Speaker's chair (the portrait of Wash-
ington) could look down and see a party appealing
for the attainment of power, not to the enlightened
judgment of the people, but to their passions and
prejudices,—a party whose principles were "hurrah,
hurrah, hurrah,"--what would be his feelings? If,
again, the distinguished foreigner on the left of the
chair, (La Fayette,) who abandoned wealth, friends,
connexions, ^d home itself; threw himself into the
midst of the battle, for a people to whom he was a
stranger, that they might be free,—-if he could look
from the canvas and be conscious of passing events,
what would he think and feel on witnessing the de-
grading appeals which were made to the American
people? Or if the figure above the Speaker's chair,
representing the Genius of Liberty, could know the
extremities to which a party was disposed to go in
degradation under our free institutions, how deeply
would she blush for the disgraceful stain on the
cause of liberty, which, in its effects, must be tre-
mendous and fearful? He was satisfied, however,
that the day was at hand when the people would
arise and prove that they were fit for freedom, and
that they would show that their principles were based
in intelligence, and that they were not eo besotted as
to admit them to consist in "Hurrah, hurrah, hur-
rah."
He had now done with his defence of the Demo-
cratic party, and with his remarks for the Whig
party, and he should now be more specific; he
designed to charge on the leader of the whig
party—Mr. Clay himself—with having increased
the national debt, in less than two years,
upwards of $19,000,000; and that, too, under
the most express and explicit declaration
throughout this Union, of economy and retrench-
ment. He had shown a few days ago that the pub-
lic debt on the 4th of March, 1841, when Mr. Van
Buren's administration terminated, amounted to the
sum of $8,379,059 81. He spoke not alone of the
debt contracted during Mr. Van Buren's term, but
of the whole debt of the nation—of that left un-
paid by General Jackson, and the debts dating back
to the period of the revolution.
Such, then, was the entire debt on the 4th of
March, 1841; but what was it m nine short suc-
ceeding months? Why, they found it swelled to
$14,728,085 70; and in less than two years from the
commencement of whig rule, it was swollen to
$27,387,221 61. Deduct, then, from this amount
the public debt as the whigs found it, and there was
.the sum of $19,010,161 80 added in two years by
an administration which came into power under the
most solemn pledges to a course of economy and re-
trenchment.
He also charged on Mr. Clay the doing of
that which he charged as a serious offence
against the democratic party. Who did not
recollect the oft-repeated charge that the democrats
had placed the treasury of the Union in the breeches
pocket of the executive? Much political capital was
" sought to be made by the wliigs in that accusation;
and yet, how soon, after the acquisition of power,
did they turn round, repudiate all their previous
professions, and by repealing the independent-treas-
ury law, do that which which they charged as a
crime on the democrats—place the treasure of the
nation in the keeping of the President of the United
States? It was not his (Mr. P.'s) intention to cen-
sure Mr. Tyler; but he must express his astonish-
ment that he should be thus put in possession of the
treasury of this Union, by a party that, had de-
nounced him as dishonest, and as a traitor.
He charged further, that this nation was disgraced
by Mr. Clay, by the passage of the bankrupt law—
for, though not its author, Mr. Clay was the prin-
cipal instrument in occasioning its passage—the
passage of an. act whose provisions were so signal-
ly condemned by the people that its very authors
were compelled to repeal it with as much precipitan-
cy as it was enacted. And what next did the whig
Congress do? and what therefore was Mr. Clay's
responsibility? The distribution law was passed;
and a most absurd law that was, which gave away
a source of revenue while the nation was in debt—a
debt which had fearfully increased, as he had
shown, at the rate of near $1,000,000 per month.
He here reviewed the means by which this na-
tion acquired this domain, a d the Territo-
ries of Louisiana and Florida, and the pur-
poses for which it was ceced, and then proceeded:
And yet this resolution, passed at the instance of
Mr. Clay, was for giving to the States indiscrimi-
nately all the public lands, both those acquired by
the national treasury and those acquired by the
States. What claim had Congress upon those lands
not ceded by the States to the general government'1
It was neither more nor less tnan a proposition to
distribute not only the public lands but the public
treasure. It did not provide for the distribution of
the net revenue arising from the sales of the public,
lands; but the expenses necessarily incurred in
making these sales* are included. Hence it was un-
der the guise of a simple proposition to distribute the.
public lands—a proposition, in substance and in fact,
to distribute the public revenue. This he charged
upon Mr. Clay, the whig'candidate for the presi-
dency. He also charged Mr. Clay with being the
cause of the passage of the tariff of 1842, the most
oppressive, uujust, and iniquitous tariff bill that ever
was passed by an American Congress—a tariff which
was extremely oppressive upon the poorer classes,
while it favored the wealthy.
Mr. P. read from the scale of duties, showing the
disparity between the duties upon articles of com-
mon necessity and articles of luxury. Such was
the tariff bill advocated by Mr. Clay while he was
declaring himself in favor of the compromise act of
1832. He held that Mr. Clay had not acted fairly
on the subject. He would apply no abusive epithet
to any one, and he used therefore the mildest possi-
ble term.
Mr. P. proceeded to adduce various instances of
inconsistency on the part of Mr. Clay.
Mr. SUMMERS moved that the committee rise.
Upon this motion the votes were taken by tellers,
and were 52 in the affirmative and 66 in the nega-
tive. The committee refused to rise.
After a few remarks from Messrs. WHITE and
McCLELLAND, the amendment was adopted.
Mr. ROGERS offered to amend the bill by adding
an appropriation of $5,000 for White Hall harbor,
on Lake Champlain.
The question being put on this motion, the ayes
were 44, noes 43 No quorum voting,
On motion of Mr. HAMMETT, the committee
rose, and reported progress; and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. WETHERED: Tlx* petition of James Mahrol, Ja^
Standiford, and 100 others, farmers, mechanics, and man-
ufacturers, in the vicinity of Franklinville, Baltimore coun-
ty, Maryland, praying Congress to let'well enough alone,
and not'interfere with the present tariff, "\vluch is working
like a charm.
By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition of John B. Scute), Jacob.
W. Grove, and 85 others, citizens of Lebanon county Penn-
sylvania. Also, the petition of James Johnson William
Vfolfingrr, and 40 others, citizens of Schuylkill county,
Pennsylvania. Also, the petition of Petev Miller, "W. J.
Robinson, and S3 others, citizens of Dauphin county Penn-
sylvania; all protesting against any interference with the
tarift of 1842.
By Mr. RELFE: The petition ofRichard Brown, sen., and
David White, of Missouri, asking the privilege of changing
certain entries on public lands, made by them through error:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. PETTJT: The petition of R A. Chandler, and 0
others, citizens of Warren county Indiana, playing the im-
provement of the Wabash river: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. *
By Mr. ANDREW KENNEDY: The petition of % large
number of citizens of the county of Carroll, State of fit-
diana, praying Congress- to inquire into the alleged aliases
of po>ver by the "Algerines" of Rhode- Island, and to guar-
anty to the people of that State the 'principles of govern*
ment established ill this country by the revolutionary
struggle.
By Mr. DEAN: The petition of H. E« Smith, and 60 other
persons, citizens of Wayne county, Ohio, praying Congress
to extend the provisions of the ordinance of 1797, regulating
the northwest territory, over the Territory of Oregon: re*
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
By Mr. HENRY DODGE: The memorial of a part of the
Oneida nation of Indians, residing in Brown count}, Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, asking Congress to purchase their lamb
heretofore secured to them by treaty stipulations with the
United States: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. ANDREW STEWART: A number of memorials,
numerously signed by citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against anv change in the tariff of 184*2, and protesting
against the bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, as alike destructive to all the great interest? of the
country—agricultural, mechanical, and manufacturing.
By Mr. THOMPSON: The petition of W. C. Sutton and
sixty-two others, praying an appropriation to remove the
bar in channel in Pass Christian: referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
By Mr. RITTER: Two memorials from citizens of Berks
county, Pennsylvania, praymgthat no change whatever be
made in the tariff of 184*2, until experience shall have dc'
monstrated that such change will be for the better.
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The petition of SO citr/ens of South
Williamstown, Massachusetts, for reduction of the rates of
postage, and abolition of the franking privilege. Also, the
remonstrance of 139 citizens of Lee, Massachusetts, against
the passage of an international copy-right law .
By JEREMIAH BROWN: Two memorials of similar im-
port, signed by citizens of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania,
without distinction of political parties, praying Congress to
make no alteration in the existing tariff.
By Mr. JENKS: Two memorials signed by 110 citizens from
the county ol Lehigh, Pennsylvania, praying that no altera-
tion be made in the present protective tariff. Also, the pe-
tition of Philip Sehi, for an increase of his pension.
By Mr. NES: The petition of William rummel and nu-
merous other citizens of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania,
praying Congress not to interfere with th^ tariff law of
1842, and to abstain from all legislation upon the subject.
By Mr. TIBBATTS: The petition ot the heirs of Philip lv.
Rice, deceased, late of the county of Bracken, Kentucky,
praying compensation for a vessel, lost in the service of the
United States in the war of the revolution: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. BOWL1N: The petition of R. J. McElhenny and
72 other citizens of Green county, Missouri, praying appro-
priations for the improvement of the western waters: refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union.
By Mr. DUNLAP: The petition of citizens and shipown-
ers of Portland and Elizabeth, Maine, praying an appropria-
tion for buoys on Trtindy's Reef and Broad Cove Rock: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of Lansing B.
Nichols and 100 other citizens of Littlefort, Lake county,
Illinois, praying for the improvement Of the western waters:
referred to the Committee on Commerce. The petition of
Wyatt Carr and 75 other citizens of Aurora, Kane county,
praying for the same: referred to the Committee o  Com-
merce.
House of Representatives,
April 6, 1844.
Oil my motion in the House, on yesterday, it was
"ordered that the Committee on Territories be dis-
charged from the consideration of the resolutions of
the Territory of Wisconsin relating to the boundary
line between Wisconsin and Missouri, and that they
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary."
The dispute as to the boundary line is between
Wisconsin and the State of Michigan, (and not Mis-
souri.) Presuming it was an error, will you please
make the correction in your next paper.
Yours, respectfully,
HENRY DODGE.
Messrs. Blair & Rives.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 10, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate messages from the President of the United
States, transmitting reports from the Secretary of
the Treasury and Postmaster General, reports in
complience with a resolution of the Senate of tlic
23d February, 1843, accompanied by catalogues of
the books, newspapers, maps, &c. in those depart-
ments.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, ordered to lie on the
table for the present.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from Samuel
Wheeler, and other merchants and shipowners of
Eastport. Maine, praying that foreign merchandise
