h\2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
.Briny Appropriation Bill—Mr. Wentwortk.
H. of Reps.
A friend has recently showed me printed notices
for various political meetings on the Sunday night
previous to the nomination of General Harrison in
1840.
I wish to make no political capital out of "prov-
idential dispensations;" but I entreat men to look
back to the disgusting events which characterized
our last presidential canvass, and to weigh well the
terrible visitations that have followed. Let them,
then, not repeat their falsehoods, their frauds, their
debaucheries, and their general acts of demoraliza-
tion. To me, it would seem like bidding defiance to
the Moat High; for—
"There's a Divinity tliat shapes our ends,
Rough-hew them as jve will."
My friend Kendall, in his tract on this subject,
which I especially recommend to the notice of my
friends on the other side, rightly says:
"What considerate, what religious, what moral man, can
look hack on these extraordinary events, and reflect on the
strange coincidences they present, without being impress-
ed with the belief, that there is some connection between
the means used to acquire power in 1840, now again put in
requisition, and the fatality which seems to pursue the ad-
ministration it brought into existence. The falsehoods, fol-
lies, and debaucheries then adopted, seem to have demoral-
ized nature itself; and made their authors their principal vic-
tims. The actors in those scenes have been appointed to
punish one another; and those who come in contact with
them seem to be involved in their calamities. This result,
be it providential, or be it natural, should warn our people
never hereafter to tolerate a similar mode of electioneering.
IT CANNOT BE DONE WITH SAFETY. It is part of
the 9vstem by which the universe is governed, that wicked-
ness brings after it disorder and destruction. Demorali7e
our people, and national as well as individual calamities
mnst necessarily ensue."
By their demoralizing system of electioneering,
we see a President, Senate, and House of Represent-
atives of their party, elected by an overwhelming
majority. They toss their hats in the air, they eat
their dinners, drink their wines, blow their bugles,
beat their drums, and fire their guns. They have
everything their own way, and have three sessions
of Congress, which take up the most of two years.
And yet, after all this, they accomplish nothing, but
leave the country twenty-six millions of dollars in
debt. The result of all their incubations was
five monsters, two of which (the two bank bills) were
so deformed that the President strangled them in
their infancy. For this they curse him, and call
him traitor. The other two (bankrupt and distri-
bution laws) he let live, and, when they began to
grow, and show their hideous deformity, they be-
came ashamed of their own offspring, and strangled
them themselves; and for this the President might
curse them, and call them traitors to themselves;
and, I think, if he had not killed the first two, they
would also have eventually died at the hands of
their parents. The fifth (the districting bill) died of
impotence since this session commenced. It ap-
pears to me that, if a victory accomplished by such
means has proved so profitless to themselves, as well
as so deleterious to the country, they ought to be
wary how they resort to such means again.
It will not do to attribute all these things to Pres-
ident Tyler. They themselves know better, and
the people know better. He is not the traitor.
Thay themselves are the traitors. He wrote a letter
expressive of the very views he now advocates, be-
fore the election, and they suppressed it; thus per-
petrating a gross fraud on the people. And now
they are denouncing him for doing what he express-
ly told them he should do in case of his election.
If, in the singular fatality attending the power of a
majority so unjustly acquired, they ennnot see the
finger of Omnipotence, the charge of infidelity prop-
erly belongs to them.
A friend by my side says they are worse than in-
fidels. I can think now of but one definition of
what it is to be "worse than an infidel," and that is
in the New Testament, in the epistle to Timothy,
where it is said, "If any provide not for his own,
and especially for those of his own house, he hath
denied the faith, and is worse than un infidel." Our
opponents certainly do not come under this
head. For not one of them has had office,
from Daniel Webster down, but has tciken care of
all "his own house'' down to the remotest genera-
tion. In 1840 they said, "proscription was to be
proscribed." But no men used it more, as m five
months they made more changes than Mr. Van
Buren did in his whole administration. I think the
removal of James N. Barker, as second comp-
troller, (Gth of April, 1841,) whilst General Harri-
son lay in his coffin unburied, amost sacrilegious and
unfeeling act; but as the removal was made to
provide for one of "their own," I suppose they
would plead Scripture in bar of their being called
"worse than infidels." Whilst speaking upon this
subject of proscription, I can mention another in-
stance of the fatality attending these men and their
measures. Mr. Granger, Postmaster General,
boasted on the floor of Congress, that he had re-
moved 1,700 postmasters; and, if he had remained
two weeks longer, he would have removed 3,000
more, making 4,700 in all. But, in an hour when
he thought not, the guillotine he was applying to
others reached him, and his head was added to swell
the number of his own 1,700 to 1,701. [Note 12.]
I said I would not quote any of these hard cider,
hard brandy, sherry cobler, and mint julep songs.
But I think I will recant so far as one stanza is con-
cerned. In 1840, the laboring men were promised
"two dollars a day and roast beef for dinner," if
they would only vote for the whigs. Sir, you know,
and everybody knows, that there are many of them
that cannot now get fifty cents per day in money,
and find their own beef, which turns out to be noth-
ing more than "bean soup" often times. That
stanza attempts to revive these broken promises and
blasted hopes as follows:
"The laboring men who want more work,
And higher wages too,
Will help to put in Harry Clay,
With better times in view;
They'll saw and chop, and grub and dig,
And shovel, and shovel away,
And shovel, shovel, shovel, shovel,
And vote for Harry Clay."
The latter part of this song is a fair hint of what
the laborers may expect under Henry Clay. They'll
have
"To saw and chop, and grub and dig,
And shovel, and shovel away, *
And shovel, shovel, shovel, shovel,
For twenty cents a day."
The avowed policy of the whigs is to take care of
the rich, and they will take care of the poor—ag-
grandize the manufacturers, and they will make "a
home market" for the farmer and operative. That
is to say, give the rich all the privileges possible,
and what will they give the poor in compensation
for all this? Yes, sir, here is the question. What
will they allow the poor in return? Why, in rhyme,
they will allow them
"To saw and chop, and grub and dig,
And shovel, andsho\el away,
And shovel, shovel, shovel, shovel,
At the lowest price a day "
Elect Clay, with his bank, distribution and tariff
notions, and the poor man must shovel deeper,
broader, harder, longer, and at lower wages than
ever before. For the tariff taxes saws, shovels,
axes, hoes, ploughs, chains. &c. &c., over 100 per
cent., salt for his poor porridge and soup about 100
per cent, sugar for his tea over 50 per cent., his
cheap cloth over 300 per cent., whilst the rich man
pays less than 10 per cent, on all his pearls, dia-
monds, jewelry, and onamentsof all kinds. Under
such a state of things, the poor man will have to
shovel—
"And shovel, shovel, shovel, shovel,
And shovel all the day."
And then get the meanest kind of shinplasters in
payment, as Clay is a great bank man as well as a
tariff man. After two months of such reform, of
such an elevation of his condition,! think the poor
man, with his shovel on his back, will cry out in
the words of another tunc, on the opposite page of
this son -book—
"Such getting up stairs 1 never did e "
I said, under a Clay dynasty, shin plasters would
again come in fashion. Ay, sir, wor.se than that;
wo should have another dose of that nrw currency
which the late whig Congrf.^ was the 1ii\?f to origi-
nate—1 memi "bankmpt intices"—made a h'gal
tender under a whig administration. Sir, if [ want-
ed a cut to ornament my spccih, a."? some do, i
would give yon a bankrupt notice with a toon on
one end and 1 lenry Clay on the, other; and on it I
would write "BANKRUPT NOTiCU, OR LE-
GAL TENDER,, AFTER ELECTION, FOR
TPIE TWO DOLLAR? AND IIOAST BEEF
PER DAY PROMISED BEFORE ELEC-
TION." This would Ise a bill on Clay's bank; it
would be worthy of the laborer's consideration be-
fore he voted for Henry Clay; for, when the bank-
rupt law became so odious from the number of
frauds perpetrated under it, that one branch of the
Kentucky legislature remonstrated against it, and a
{Note J2 ]
?8ns< k'piiov—"Damn* it! How nr. mpks 'jiV* Tlu«
was Hoy's exclamation, on seeing a long list of removals of
democrats from office by General Harrison. It marks the
temper of the man, and his party.— Globe,
a whig House had to repeal it, Henry Clay was still
found clinging to his bantling. [Note 13.1 Thus,
after the rich bankrupts, speculators, who had large
assets in their hands, had sworn off, denied, or paid
off in this new currency, their debts to the poor la-
borer, the law was repealed; whilst the really poor
man—the unfortunate from sickness, the elements,
and other unavoidable causes, who had no money,
but was working by all possible means to obtain it
—was forever cut off. The speculator, the extrava-
gant and the profligate, with here and there an hon-
est man, have thus Jjeen enabled to rob the poor,
whilst the poor man, merely because he was too
poor to pay the cost, has reaped no advantage from
such a law, and still has to
"Shovel, shovel, shovel, shovel,
His honest debts to pay."
Here let me mention another of these providential
visitations. Prominent among the members of Con-
gress in 1840—who were sendmgoff documents in the
vacation of Congress, at government expense, for
wrappers, ink, sealingwax, persons to fold, and horses
to take to the post office, promising the laborer "two
dollars a day and roast beef," if the whigs could
succeed, when they only intended to pay m bank-
rupt notices—was a Mr. Mitchell, of New York,
who was soon afterwards sentenced to the State's
prison for forgery, and recently pardoned by the
governor of New York, in consequence of ill-
health. What a pity that his health is so poor that
he could not accompany the miserable creatures that
are now patrolling the country in the wake of one
who aspires to be President by catering to the most
beastly propensities of the human race, [Note 14.]
I am reminded by our opponents talking so much
in favor of Christianity, and pretending such fears
of Fanny-Wrightism, whilst supporting a man of
Clay's notoriously profligate character, in every
respect, [Note 15,] of an order of a Connecticut
clergyman reading somewhat after this sort:
fNoTrI3J
"Tlie vote on the bill from the I-Ionse of representatives
repealing the bankrupt law, for the lirst lime, resulted as
follows—yeas 22, nays 23:
"Those who voted in the affirmative, were Messrs. Allen,
Archer, Bayard, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun, Fulton, Gra-
ham, King, Linn, Mcltoberts, Morehead, Pierce, Prentiss,
Rives, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Woodbury,
Wiiglit, and Young.
"Those who voted inthe negative, were Messrs?. Barrow,
Bates,Berrien, Choate, CLAY, Clapton, Evans, Henderson,
Huntington, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Phelps, Por-
ter, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, Wal-
ker, White, Williams, and Woodbridge."
[Note 14.]
"Hon John Bell, General Harrison's Secretary of War.)
used the following language, September 17, 13.2?:
"Influenced by these considerations, 1 reiterate that my
opinions of the present administration are in accordance
with what 1 believe to be those of the great body of the re-
publicans of the United States. 1 have seen the highest and
most important office in the government filled by means
and undo)-circumstances affording all the evidences of a
coalition formed upon the basis of mutual benefits to be ie-
ceived and conferred, independent!} of any controveiUd
point in the details that the government can ever expect
the light of, in any combination that has been or may be en-
tered into to defeat the will ol the people. Ambitious and
aspiring politicians who have great characters to sustain,
and sense enough to guard against the common blunders ol
the less practised adepts in the art0, of intrigue and manage-
ment m lormnig coalitions. will but beldorn expose lb em-
s' lve« to the danger of detention from por it n e proof It is
not, therefore, in my view, of so much impoitanee to con-
sider whether a possibility ol innocence can be admitted in
fa\orol the parties implicated, as to determine v.hether
the prosnvtption to the coritr.U) is not so great in the pres-
ent instance that thci eoim.nMnce would be incompatible
with the salety and well bei,,g of our political lnrtitut.ons.
•' L'.< Iir\ni-;, ,e ! do, lb t v,e-n>\ c:d«" ulatv lh.  du i.itiou of
our sin-la-1> h<i) pv iei :n id ;;o\eimru in b\ the deques
ol jealosy *\h.ch k hail be mnrui" ted t,o:u ti\u> to litre m
giuudiiu l be ,!U)it\ ut (bit aw-. | t owld h;n • tut os <• o\ m-
io i u] on 'hi J • uht. ! h:i\ e 1 een thn^ e in j ys ion of
po'.s ei thus oht.nne.1 hk'c do- Mmes <"it v ar \\ ith great pim-
eipb"--. ei.nr.nng <_x< ia<i\ e pow ei wlu-b wen i'i,tended to
b" v. o or.lm.itf. on ^ uvul-'.itiiiu the docti.n.* tlv.t 'he u-pje-
MMitati\ c <• ho'il.t not be tramuudb ,1 b> the vuil of h,^ < on-
<d:Ptenrs Piofe^i: ;i<s i do, to be governed b\ tlio'c prin-
ciple-; of jirp'inluM m--tp p'-cul:,,! ft; our ct.nnti), I could
n jt con sr.ve mv supp.,it to an fdun.u'-tr tion
whi -h opeuh a\ ow, doctrines subversive of the lust pun-
ciples ol the governn ent. find jnogitc: to itself poueis ^o
cordiary to what hn-f !u ^ ->tolou! been our pi act ice hi these
objections 1 urn per<-u,'ded may be found ^uOieiont reasons
for my opposition to the ndmmMration but there are others
ol too muohimpoilduce to bo pos-'ed ovoi m silence'"
[NO-if 1)]
ND'ji.i'H ant. Ci w —V\ h.-n Henrv Cl-iv was £perd;ei ol
the Hon e of Kepresentut vjs.ond John Randolph a mem-
ber of th\t holy, the iitt<u i.tdubjed himself in drawing a
fancy portrait, j.i sauneihrig Lke the following words:
""Wey, 11) suppose, Yr ' pcdki i, a % ou-ig man born in A ir-
gin.a, destitute ol pnneij lo, v ho h is spent his patumony
m dissipation and gambling, remo\es to Kentucky, and bj
some lucky chance is elected to the State Legislature. Wy
