498
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imported into the ports of Eastport and Lubec may
be entitled to drawback when exported; which Was
referred to the Committee on Commert®.
Also presented a memorial from citizens of Aus-
tmburg, Ashtabula county, Ohio, setting forth the
advantages of the present tariff, and remonstrating
against any change in its provisions: referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BATES presented two memorials from Oliver
reck, and other citizens of Lenox, Berkshire coun-
ty, Massachusetts, setting forth the advantages of
the tariff act of 1842, and remonstrating against the
passage of the bill reported by the Committee of
*Vays and Means, in the House of Representatives:
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition, numerously
signed by citizens of Richmond, Virginia, praying
that the principles of'the present tariff may not be
changed by any sort of legislation. Mr. A. re-
marked that the impression obtains very generally
that this was not the sentiment of any portion of
the country south of the Potomac, and as the peti-
tion was short, he hoped it would be read, printed,
and referred to the Committee on Finance: ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from Ann
Lee, the widow of C. S. Lee, praying permission
to complete the entry of back pre-emption claim to
certain tends in township ten, range twelve, Louis-
<* der the act of 15th June, 1832: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
^ Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from Col.
Stewart, and other citizens of Warren county, Now
Jersey, praying that no change may be made in the
tariff law of 1842; referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. MERRICK presented a petition from Han-
siah Taylor and Rachael Taylor, heirs and daugh-
ters of the late Dr. Christopher Taylor, a surgeon's
mate in the army of the revolution, praying com-
mutation pay: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. M. also presented a memorial from A. Wil-
liams, and 118 other legal voters of West Monroe,
Oswego county, New York, asking that the postage
may oe reduced to the uniform rate of three cents;
that there may be a proportionate reduction on
pamphlets and newspapers; and that the franking
privilege may be entirely abolished: ordered to lie on
the tabic.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial from E. T.
Mitchell and seventy other citizens of the United
States, remonstrating against the passage of any in-
ternational copyright law: referred to the Committee
on the J udiciary
Mr. PEARCE, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief  <f J ohn McCol^an; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Committee on
Naval Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration ot' the petition of Eliza McCloud, the
widow of Dr. Caleb McCloud, praying for a pen-
Bion under the act of 1837.
Mr. WOODKRIDGE presented a petition from
D. F. Hill, praying that the farming and mineral
lands belonging to the United States may be desig-
nated, so that the farming lands may be sold with-
out affecting the interests of persons engaged in mi-
ning operations.
Mr. W. remarked that the subject of the petition
uas one of deep interest to the United States, and
niLurs much consideiation; which he hoped the
committee would give it.
On his motion, it was ordered that all the peti-
tions on the files on this subject be taken therefrom,
and, with this, be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic. Lands.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from H. G.
Weaver, and other citizens of Springfield, Summit
I'ounty, Ohio, remonstrating against the annexation
of Texas to the United States: ordered to lie on the
table, to be taken therefrom and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations in case the subject
shall be presented to the consideration of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. PORTER, the report from the
War Department, on the subject of copper ore, was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
Levi Nill and a large number of respectable citizens
of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, setting forth
as the advantages of the tariff act of 1842, that it had
revived the business, and had given employment to
the labor and industry of the country; and praying
i hat no change may be made in its provisions until
experience had demonstrated, from ascertained
facts, that such change would be for the better.
Mr. C.. said he took particular satisfaction in pre-
senting the memorial to the Senate, concurring, as
he did, in sentiment with the memorialists, as to the
beneficial effects that law had had on the business
and industry of the country; that it had signally
Mfilled the brightest "aftd most sanguine anticipa-
tions of its friends and disappointed the predictions
of its opponents, as to the evils which it would in-
flict upon the people; that it had restored and re-
plenished an exhausted and ruined treasury; had
revived this commerce and business of the country;
had given encouragement to home industry, and
brought about prosperity every where. Under these
circumstances, and believihg that the law had
not been in operation long enough to enable them to
decide fairly upon its effects, and to discover its im-
perfections, it seemed to him utterly impolitic to
make a change in its provisions. He was for let-
ting it remain in existence long enough to furnish
them with one lesson of experience upon the sub-
ject, by which they might profit in future legisla-
tion. He did not intend, at that time, to make any
speech upon the subject, but to express his concur-
rence in the general sentiments expressed by the me-
morialists, and to add his own convictions that, from
a knowledge of the sentiments of senators, the me-
morialists, and country at large, might rest assured
that, at the present session of Congress, no repeal,
alteration, or modification, would be made in the
present tariff law. The memorial was then referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented nine memorials
from different portions of Pennsylvania, asking Con-
gress not to interfere with the existing tariff, until
experience demonstrates, from ascertained facts, that
a change in its provisions was necessary: referred
to the Committee on Finance.
TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred several memorials pray-
ing the redemption of certain treasury notes which
were put into circulation after being cancelled, yet
bearing no mark of cancellation, reported a bill to
provide for the payment of the evidences of public
debt in certain cases; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with several amend-
ments, the joint resolution from the House respect-
ing the application of certain appropriations hereto-
fore made.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Territories,
reported back, without amendment, the bill from
the House supplemental to the act entitled "An act
for laying off the towns of Fort Madison and Bur-
lington, in the county of Des Monies and the
town of Bellevue, Dubuque, and Peru, in the
county of Dubuque, Territory of Wisconsin, and
for other purposes," approved the 2d day of July,
1836; and the amendatory act thereto, approved
March 3d, 1837.
Mr. HAYWOOD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition of
James W. Breedlove of New Orleans, praying com-
pensation for the use of his steam schooner Mer-
chant, employed in 1841, to cruize in pursuit of pi-
rates; which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quitted to eau&e to be communicated to the Senate all such
information as maj be in his possession, or m the possession
ofanyoueof the executive departments, relative to any
pioceedmgs under the act entitled "An act for the relief of
the Stockbridge tribe of Indians in the Territory of Wiscon-
sin." approved March 2d, 1813; and especially.
First. All the proceedings touching any election which
has been held in pursuance of the 3d .section of the said act,
if any such election has been held, with all the facts which
have been communicated to the President, or the appro-
priate officers or department oi the government relating to
the same.
Second. All the proceedings which may have been had in
relation', to the partition oi the lauds of the said Indians,
among the individual members of the tribe, puisuant to the
provisions of the said act, together with copies of all in-
structions and correspondence on file, between whatever
parties, relating to any such elections, or to the partition of
said lands, or to any objections against the partitions made,
as contemplated m the fifth section of the said act.
Third. Whether any, and what, annuities are now due
and payable from the tJnited States to the said Stockbridge
Indians; and whether any, and what payments of annuities
have been made to the said tribe since the passage of the
said act, by and through what agent, or other person paid,
to whom, and under what authority from the said tribe of
Indians, or any members thereof.
Fourth. Whether any patents for the Indian lands have
been issued in pursuance of the said act.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the constitutionality and expedien-
cy of passing a law to authorize the President of the United
States, when persons are, or hereafter shall be, sentenced to
capital punishment for crimes committed against the laws
of the United States, in his discretion to commute such
punishment for imprisonment for life, or for a specified term
of years.
Mr. WRIGHT said he had submitted the resolu-
tion in compliance with the request of some re-
spectable citizens of the United States, without
having himself formed any opinion upon the sub-
ject. He was in favor of sending the inquiry to
the able Committee on the Judiciary—being satis-
fied that they would do justice to the subject-
without desiring to be understood as expressing
any opinion in favor of such a law. , He hoped the
resolution would be acted on then.
The question was put, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. PORTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of
the Senate to furnish the bureau of topographical engineers
with fifty copics of the reports, charts, and maps, which
may be prepared and sent by the bureau to the Senate, from
time to time, and printed by order.
Several adverse reports of the standing commit-
tees, on private claims, were taken up and concur-
red in.
THE TARIFF—COMPROMISE ACT.
On motion by Mr, CHOATE, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the resolution of the
Committee on Finance for the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill introduced by Mr. McDuffie for
reducing the rate of duties tinder the present tariff to
the standard of the compromise act.
Mr. COLCtUITT addressed the Senate for two
hours; but owing to the rapidity of his manner and
the difficulty of hearing him distinctly in the re-
porters' gallery, all that can be attempted here is a
brief notice of some of his leading points of argu-
ment.
He set out with stating, after a few prefatory re-
marks, that he had yesterday sought and obtained
the floor immediately after his colleague [Mr. Ber-
rien] had concluded, with a view of intimating
thereby his intention of replying to him, and that
he might expect, in so doing, he (Mr. C.) would
have to contrast his [Mr. B.'s] former course on the
tariff policy with the course he now pursued on the
same subject. But he had learned this morning
that his colleague was absent; and that circumstance
would necessarily prescribe much narrower limits
to his observations than he should have indulged,
had his colleague chosen to be present. Indeed, in
his absence, it would seem to be unnecessary to
trespass on the courtesy of the senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. ChoatlJ who had yielded the floor
to his colleague, [Mr. Berrien;] and he would not
now ask to avail himself of that courtesy, were it
not that he had, in the expectation of his colleague's
presence, collected some materials for reference,
which, while at hand, he wished to dispose of.
He then proceeded to examine the main topics
of t he speech of his colleague, [Mr. Berrien,] deliv-
ered yesterday; and to contract the sentiments
therein expressed on the subject of the present tariff,
with the sentiments and principles he had maintain-
ed upon the subject of former tariffs, not more odi-
ous to the South than this, and with the often de-
claied and still prevailing sentiments of the people
of Georgia.
In the course of his comments, Mr. C. denounced
the delusion and the inconsistency of his colleague's
doctrine, that the question of a protective tariff was
to be decided by the ensuing presidential election,
when, for the very purpose of promoting the elec-
tion of the favorite candidate of the protective party,
the issue was shunned and sought to be mystified,
by a call upon the representatives of the people to
wait—to pause for another year's experience; and
to let it be demonstrated whether it was a policy
that required modification or not. If (he urged) the
election of the father of the so-called American sys-
tem the presidency was relied upon with such con-
fidence as a test of the public voice in favor of the
present tariff, why did not the friends of that mea-
sure at once boldly take- their stand upon that
