April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Jlrmy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Weniworfh.
H. of Reps.
"Mr. A. B., Bookseller—
"Sir: Please send by the bearer
1 dozen Village Hymns
6 Bibles
1 dozen Church Psalmodies
2 do Clay Minstrels.
Your affectionate Christian brother,
Rev. N.B.C."
P. S. Send the Clay Minstrels by all means—the others I
can wait for till after the election.
This is a fair specimen of the whig party. They call
themselves friends of law, order, and morality. But—
P. S. They are for Clay by all means—these others
can be taken up after election. And so they go on
with their Bears, pump-borers, coons, virgin heifers,
crocodiles, defaulters, and all sorts of both animals
and men, in order to get up a drunken crowd, and,
by artificial stimulants, raise an excitement for a
prostrate cause. They are for religion, but they
want Clay first, the man of whom John Randolph,
in contrasting his bright intellect with his moral de-
pravity, said:
"He Is talented, but corrupt. He stinks and shines and
shines and slinks, like a rotten mackerel by moonlight;"
and whase union with John duincy Adams he styled
as the union of "the puritan and the black leg;" and
whom he, or some other distinguished gentleman of
that day, described as coming to Congress with a
brace of pistols in one hand and a pack of cards in
the other. [Note 16.]
And to honor such a man, they can collect the
most tremendous groups on Sunday, and can raise
such shouts as to compel ministers to dismiss their
congregations in the midst of service. But all these
desecrations and profanations, uproars, and debauch-
eries, have met with a rebuke on the start, showing
a similar fatality almost to that consequent upon the
power acquired by the unholy alliances and influ-
ences of 1840. The first log-cabin erected this sea-
son, I understand, was at Richmond, which fell
down and killed one person, and more or less injur-
ed several others. The first great whig rally at New
Orleans, I understand, resulted in killing one of the
committee of arrangements, and in sending another
to the penitentiary for manslaughter. In the face of
all these things, docs not a repetition of all these
profanities and vulgarities, bacchanalian songs and
rowdy dances, look like bidding defiance to High
Heaven? Sir, every thing of this kind could be
done away with, if our opponents would only car-
ry into practice those principles of morality which
they have this day preached. Why, one would
think, from their professions here, that their regard
for the principles of Christianity, and their faith in
prayer, was such that they would open all their po-
litical meetings with prayer; and that, instead of
hackneyed office-hunters, ignorant buffoons, and
vulgar songsters, under the trite appellation of pump-
borers, knife grinders, and Bear the blacksmith, their
presidential candidate would tajce about with him
preachers of the gospel, and instead of singing row-
ay songs and drunken revelry, they would sing the
songs of Zion. But, when one comes to know all
the circumstances, he will cease to wonder that a
different course is pursued. Suppose, at one of
these tremendous gatherings, generally known as
whig carnivals, a minister should undertake to pray!
Fancy his awkward predicament! How could he
open his lips without insulting his audience^ .without
rebuking the thousand immoral practices used
by that party to catch votes? He would pray that
vice, dissipation, and every kind of immorality
might be done away, and thus strike a blow,
will go fiuther, sir, and suppose liim cle.-ted a mimbpr ol
t ii« IloiM, and still further, sn. a.:J suppose bun uiscd to
the elevated .station ol the picsi^mg offkei' of pi.s \erj"
House; and suppose he now Mts hi the chair"—pointing his
long sarcastic finger at Mr. Clay, ivho immediately called
Mr. Randolph to order Mr. P. appealed to the Hou^e,
which suppoited the call to oi'dei by the Speaker. Mr R.
then rose, and ma manner peculiar to himself, observed: ''!
drew a picture of imagination—you applied it to yourseli,
and the House has confirmed its application."
[notf. ifi.)
In the files of the old Columbian Star, published in Maine,
is a song of eighteen stanza*. in \ nnkee l'oodle ihyme, writ-
ten by John Holme*, late I mted States senator horn Maine
The following are the three la^t:
There's Iiany ( lay, some people say,
\<i plagney'-'mart and ]r-ck\ ,
"Who went adrift to make a ^inlt,
Way over in Kentucky.
He'll play at bras?, break every snag
That's "in the constitution,
And tjlks "o fair, t would make you stare
To he-tr his elocution.
But, though lie ni."n both talk and pla) .
And is vo cute an<i tunny,
I'm ?oth> atraid hp'll learn the trade
Of playing with our mont y.
a fatal blow, at the daily acts and common
customs of that party. Indeed, for what could
he pray, (and yet keep within the bounds
of the christian's prayer,) so as not to reprimand, in
the strongest terms, those terrible innovations upon
the old method of coolly and deliberately canvassing
the claims of the respective candidates for office?
Again, sir, suppose he should open the sacred Scrip-
tures, and read about Annanias and Sapphira, how
they were struck dead for lying; or, that passage
which says: uAll liars shall have their part in the lake
which burneth loithjire and brimstone forever and ever."
What a faltering there would be among those who
tell the falsehood that Mr. Van Buren opposed the
last war; that he ever, in any shape, favored negro
suffrage, or a property qualification; who promised
laborers "two dollars a day and roast beef," and bet-
ter times in general, if Van Buren could only be de-
feated in 1841! How pale their faces would turn;
how fast their knees smite one against the other, and
how soon, like Belshazzar, would they see the hand-
writing on the wall! Again: Suppose he should
undertake to read, for sacred music, from Dr. Watts,
and, with the portrait of the great whig leader posted
about the room, he should accidentally open to the
line:
"Behold the wretch whose lusts and ^ine," &c.:
who knows but the fate of poor Cilley would be his
fate, for indulging in personalities? Or, suppose he
should turn to the following, viz:
''Blest is the man who shuns the place
Where sinners love to meet:''
would he not be censured for trying to keep men
from a meeting got up on purpose to rally the black-
legs, blackguards, drunkards, loafers, and the
abandoned of every description, by the use of arti-
ficial stimulants? Certainly, then, there is a good
reason why religious influences are not called into
such gatherings. They would be out of place;
grossly misapplied. In the days of New England
witchcraft, there prevailed an idea that the devil
sometimes appeared to people with the most evil in-
tents, and that the only way that he could be got
rid of was to read the Bible to him. Sir, fancy a
crowd collected together to hear the dissertations of
these sti oiling vagi ants, the Pump Borer, the Bear,
and the Knife Grinder, the exhibition of coons,
anacondas, buffaloes, &c., and the frantic revels of
drunken minstrels; and let the Bible be read, and
the reading of the riot act has never dispersed a
mob so quick as this would such a gang of dissolute
politicians, awaiting, like prowling wolves and prey-
ing vultures, a favorable opportunity to seize upon
the revenues of their country.
This new system of electioneering in company
with fugitives from justice and wretched outcasts
of society, with drunken brawlers and vulgar song-
sters, profaning the Sabbath and compelling minis-
ters to dismiss their congregations with their obscen-
ities and uproars, is one of the most.mournful signs
of the the times, bespeaking vitiated tastes and the
most wicked hearts. Establish the principle that a
party resorting to such vile practices, or an individ-
ual encouraging them with his presence, shall bear
sway in this country, and this glorious republic,
formed by the hardy endurance and keen foresight
of our fathers, is destroyed in the bloody anarchy
of the French revolution. I call upon the old men—•
the fathers especially—to discountenance these scenes
of profanity, riot, and dissipation; to ponder what
must be tile inevitable consequences if this flood of
vice and immoiahty is not stayed; and to reflect
what would be then-own feeling if they should find
one of their own .sons stnging and r {prsn><r m «j<>me
frog shop, and, if, in reproving him, he should r<-
ply, ''Father, 1 am aspiring to the presidency, and
tiiis is the modern road to preferment!1* Sir, how
could a father, friendly to there debaucheries, reply
to a rebuke so cuttingly administered by a dissipated
son? Here is ample food for deliberate reflection.
Gentlemen have made allusion to the dreadful
scenes of the French revolution, and ascribed them
to infidelity. Whether all the participators m those
bloody ttagedtes were, infidels aT heart, I cannot say;
but it is evident that they were so in practice, violat-
ing all those fundamental principles of morality
which many theoretical infidels respect and will
acknowledge as necessary to the preservation of
good order in sooiet}'. It was not in Voltaire's time
that fury, frantic zeal, ignorance, and barbarity, were
let loose to overturn all social and political order, and
deluge France in blood. It was only until Robes-
pierre and his gang of desperadoes, with tak-nts of
the highest order, began to cater to the most deprav-
ed appetites of the people by entertaining motley
groups with obscene songs, beastly shows, intoxicat-
ing drafts, and passionate appeals, that the public
taste became vitiated and the people desirous of
breaking over every constitutional restraint. I need
not further enlarge upon this tragic page of the
world's history. The simplest schoolboy knows
that the French revolution emanated from practical
rather than theoretical infidelity—that it had its
origin with reckless demagogues and aspiring dare-
devils, who kindled in the breast of the great mass
the most unholy desires, and then led them on to
the destruction of every feature in their government,
and of every person that attempted in the least to
keep those desires in check.
Sir, it behooves every good citizen to cast his eye
about and see if the germ of the French revolution
is not apparent in the electioneering cabals of the
present day, whea revelry seems substitute^ for
reason, ana people are appealed to, not by facts and
arguments, but by the most magnificent shows of
men and beasts; by bands of the most enlivening mu-
sic; by rowdy songs and intoxicating drinks; and by
addresses from the most abandoned men; encour-
aged not only by the sanction, but oftentimes by
the presence, of one who, like Robespierre, is aspir-
ing to power, reckless of the means or the conse-*
quences. These men have already trampled upon
the most sacred institutions of Christianity, and set
at defiance every principle of morality by their prof-
anations of the Sabbath, desecrations of houses of
public worship, interruption of religious congrega-
tions, and by killing each other in public assem-
blies, and in presence of the ladies. So far, the an-
alogy between them and the leaders of the French
revolution is complete. They have lost all reve-
rence for the laws of God; and what now keeps
them in check? Nought but the laws of the coun-
try. And all history proves that, when all regard
for the divine law fails, that for human law soon fol-
lows. But ours is a popular government, and de-
signing men can best carry out their professions of
regard for the government, by trying to overturn its
most salutary laws, under false issues, and the
phrenzy of the moment, than by an open violation
of them. They can make a thousandfalse'promises
and false charges;' they can inflame the people
against abuses which do not exist; and, in innume-
rable ways, for a single election, can they, to a
greater or less extent, lead captive the popular
mind, and, perchance, gain a majority of both,
branches of the national legislature. In that event,
they will attempt to warp the government; to frame
its laws to their unholy designs; and thus make
what was wrong once, both by the laws of God
and man, right by their own legislation. But,
thanks to the wisdom of our fathers, there ha«
been a temporary barrier placed in the way
of this mad legislation, and it has been placed in the.
power of the President to refer these laws origin-
ating m the wild impulses of the moment, back to
the "sober, second thought of the people," giving
them time for fair discussion and deliberation, so
that they can penetrate their practical effects and
the ultimate designs of their originators. The veto
power has been seldom exercised in this country;
out whenever it has been, it has always been sus-
tained by the people. At worst, it is only dilatory
in its nature. It may prevent evil; but, at longest, it
cannot long delay good; it cannot put off the voice of
the people over Jour years. It is the most conserv-
ative feature of our government; and against it
abandoned and dispairin^ demagogues wiii a]ways
duvet then* virtdeiiwr. Aheady lias one of the pres-
idential aspnni.t 1- e leadei H the present wi<ked
machinations to intoxn^te and then lead estray the
people—declared himself in favor of the destruction
of this barrier to all precipitate legislation. Sir, he
finds the vtto power in his way; he finds his pUms
frustrated by the American constitution, and ''de-
stroy" is now the word. An open war upon this
salutary provision of our constitution has been de-
clared, and thin we find the anology to the leaders
of the French revolution still furtlur carried out in
their attempts to overturn our government and re-
move every check to the desires and impulses of
the masses, whom they may ha%e excited into a
mob by their artificial stimulants, their falsehood*
and impassioned appeals. Change the American
constitution, as Mr. Clay desire*,and carry out this
new system of electioneering, and if Robespierre m
not himself again, though on another continent,
those who brieve m the doctrine of metempsychosis
will assuredly affirm that his spirit, and that of bw
followers, has been transferred to the whig
t33)
