516
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff~Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
of limitation by the admission of construction.
Moreover, if one man or one party of men have the
right to construe, another man or party of men
would have the same right, and each man and party
of men having the same right, and each giving a dif-
ferent construction, and each conflicting, confusion
would be the result, and the constitution would fail
to answer the purposes for which it was intended;
it would be no constitution.
Mr. Chairman, I have been led to this constitu-
tional expose, owing to the fact that the present bill is
intended in part to remedy an evil and a violation of
the constitution, and a federal usurpation of power,
perpetrated by the last Congress in the passage of
the tariff act; and in my opposition to that act, and
my support of the present bill, permit me to refer to
first principles. Permit me to ask if the act passed
by the last Congress was intended to raise revenue,
or was it intended to protect and foster our manu-
facturing institutions? If for the former, and the
duties imposed were necessary for the support of
the government and the defence of the nation, it is
all right, and perfectly constitutional; but, if the
duties imposed are higher than necessary for those
purposes, then it was, and continues to be, a viola-
tion of the constitution, a usurpation of power, and
an infringement on the sovereignty of the States
and the rights of the poople, which the frnmers of
tlie constitution so cautiously guarded against. That
it is so, no one will doubt who has examined the act,
and has heard the unvarnished declarations of the
federal party on this floor; and it is perfectly in
keeping and in accordance with a cherished and
favorite principle of party political federalism,
which has always had for one of its objects a high
protective tariff; and to the end that such a tariff may
appear necessary, it has ever been the object of the
federal party to fix upon this country a system of
policy as detrimental to its best interests as in vio-
lation of the constitution; as destructive of the liber-
ties of the people; as subversive of the sovereignty
of the States; as corrupting to the morals of society;
as degrading to the character of freemen. I repeat,
I mean by that policy a system of extravagant
internal improvements, distribution of the proceeds
of the public lands, and assumption of the State
debts, all of which is intended to make a high pro-
tective tariff necessary. 1 have no time to discuss
this system of policy m its details. I can only say
that the two great parties of this country have al-
ways been divided on these questions—thedemocrar
cy invariably opposed to them. It was the constant
effort of Mr. Jefferson during his whole life, whether
in or out of office, to oppose them; and on various
occasions he manifested his fearful apprehensions
that some day they might override the sovereignty of
the States, corrupt the morals of the people, and
destroy the patriotism of the country. His political
career was more distinguished by his hostility to
that system, in connexion with a national bank,
than in anything else.
To the end that my readers may know (for I
speak for those who may read me, and not for those
who hear me) that I am not deceiving them, (I
mean the democracy,) I will make some extracts
from the life of Thomas Jefferson a part of my
speech, to show them that we are now engaged in
defending the same principles which the democracy
have always defended, and we are opposing the
same federal measures which the democracy have
always opposed. The unobserving and unsuspect- ,
ing sometimes become confounded by names; and
for the purpose of deception, the federalists have ex-
hausted the political vocabulary; and in 1840 they
even arrogated to themselves the name of Jefferson
democrats, for party effect, while they at heart de-
spised the man, his memory, his name, and his prin-
ciples. And let it be borne in mind, too, that a favor-
ite measure of the federal party is a national debt.
But hear Mr. Jefferson on all these measures.
I now ask your attention while I read some of the
opinions of Thomas Jefferson on those measures
which I have enumerated—which I say now divide
the two parties—and we will see what approxima-
tion the modern whig principles make towards the
r.tandard of Jefferson democracy. And first as to
the system and policy of internal improvements by
the general government. While a member of the
United States Senate, Mr. Van Buren introduced
the following resolution, viz:
••Resolved, That ( ongress dries not possess the power to
malic roads or canals v. itliin the respective States '
T!>is resolution was introduced in 1825, when the
f< d.-rai party had the ascendency in Congress, and
in the executive department, and wh«i fedeialism
was making fearful strides towards consolidation,
and the establishment of federal measures and fed-
eral institutions. Mr. Jefferson, in a letter to Mr.
C. W. Gooch, says:
"Monticf.llo, January 9th, 1836.
"Dfar Sir: I have duly received your favor of December
31, and fear with you all the evils which the present lower-
' ing aspect of our political horizon so ominously portends.
That at some future day, which I hope to he \ ery distant,
the free principles of our government might change with
the change of circumstances, was to he expected B\it 1
certainly did not expect that they would not overlive the
generation which established them-, and what f still less ex-
pected was, that my favorite western countrv was to be
made the instrument of change. I had ever fondfy cher-
ished the interests of that country, relying on it as a barrier
against the degeneracy of public opinion from our original
and free principles. But the bait of local interests artfully
prepared for their palates, has decoyed them from their
kindred attachments to alliances alien to them Yet, ah
though I have little hope that the tonent of consolidation
can be withstood, 1 should not be for giving up the ship
without efforts to save her. Sin- lived well through the
first squall, and may weather the present one. But, dear
sir, I am not the champion called for by the present dangers.
* * * * 1 will, however, say one word
on the subject. The South Carolina resolutions and Mr-
Van Buren's motion fallow that other States are coming for-
ward on the subject, and better for any to take the lead ihan
Virginia. We shall see what our co-States propose and
before the close ol the session we may shape our own
course more understanding!)-.
"THOS. JEFFERSON."
In this communication, Mr. Jefferson writes ex-
press! y with reference to the federal schemes of in-
ternal improvement hy the federal government, as
well as the unconstitutionality of providing- the means?
for such purposes, lie deprecates the delusive baits
held out to the States, and denounces the whole as a
departure from republican principles, and the pur-
poses for which the federal government was estab-
lished.
In relation to a national bank and an independent
treasury, he says, in a letter to Albert Gallatin—
(Jefferson's works, vol. 4, page 12:)
'•From a passage in the letter of the President, I observe
an idea of establishing a branch bank of the 1, nited States
m New Orleans. This institution ih one of the most deadly
hostility existing against the principles and form ol our
constitution. The nation is at tins time s.o strong and united
in its sentiments, that it cannot be taken at this moment.
But suppose a series of untoward event-, .should occur, sulli-
cient to bring into doubt the competency of a republican
government to meet a crisis of great danger, oi to unhinge
the confidence of the people m the public functionaries: an
institution like this, penetrating by its branches every part
of the Union, acting by command, and in phulanx, may, in
a critical moment, upset the government. 1 deem no gov-
ernment safe which is uader the vassalage of any self-con-
stituted authorities, or any other authority than that of the
nation, or its regular functjonaiics. What an obstruction
could not this bank, with all its branch banks, be m time of
war? Jt might dictate to u« the peace we should accept,
or withdraw its aid. Ought we, then, to give further
growth to an institution so powerful, so hostile? That
it is so hostile, we know—first, from o knowledge of the
principles of the persons composing the body of direct-
ors in every hank, principal or branch, and those of'
most of the stockholders; second, frurn their opposition
to the measures and principles of the government, and to
the election of those friendly to them, and 3d, from the sen-
timents of the newspapers they support. Now, while we
are strong, it is the greatest duty we owe to the safety of
our constitution to bring this powerful enemy to a perfect
subordination undents authorities: the first measure would
be to reduce them to an equal footing only with other banks
as to the favors of the government But in order to be able
to meet a general combination of the banks against us in a
critical emergency, could we not make a beginning
towards an independent use of our own money; towards
holding our own bank in all the deposites where it
is received, and letting the treasurer give his draft or
note for payment at any particulai place, which,"in a well
conducted government, ought to h,ive as much credit as
any private draft, or bank note, or bill, and would give us
the same facilities which we derive from the banks'? 1 pray
you to turn this subject in your mind, and give it the benefit
of your knowledge of details; whereas I ha\e only veij
general views on the subject.
"Affectionate salutations.
"Washington, December 1% M
In this communication Mr. Jefferson speaks in
the language of prophecy. He anticipated the diffi-
culties which we have witnessed, and are now wit-
nessing, not only in relation to banks, but of corpo-
rations in general. And his objections did not more
exist upon the grounds of policy, than upon the un-
constitutionality of all incorporations, but more es-
pecially that of a national bank. I have not time to
refer to all his arguments against a national bank*,
nor is it necessary. I will, however, ask the clerk
to read one more passage, which is found in his
Ana, Jefferson's Works, vol. 4, pages 523-7. The
clerk read.
I regret that the length of this expose will prevent
me from making it a part of my printed remarks. I
hope it will be sufficient to say that it is his cabinet
opinion against the constitutionality of a national
bank. "His arguments are conclusive and irresisti-
ble. I wish every man in this Union could be fur-
nished with a copy of this opinion; he would cease
to be a bank man, or or wilfully violate the consti-
tution.
Mr. Jefferson was opposed to a national bank, pa-
per currency, stockjobbing interests, and' assump-
tion of State debts. He looked upon them all as cor-
rupting in their tendencies, and destructive in their
effects, both in a private and political sense.
I hold in my hand the "Life of Jefferson." JVol.
1, page 388-9, in a conversation with General Wash-
ton, he says, among other things:
"That the two great complaints were, that the national
debt was unnecessarily increased, and that it furnished the
mcan& of corrupting both branches of the legislature, as it
was notorious to all that there was a considerable squadron
in both branches whose votes were devoted to the paper
and stockjobbing interests; that on examining their votes
they would be found in ihvor of every treasury measure:
aud as most of those measures had been carried by small
majorities, they had been carried by those -tery votes; that,
therefore, it was just cause of uneasiness when we thus saw
members legislating for their own interests in opposition to
those of the people."
On page 355, speaking of the effect of the rise of
bank and other stocks, produced by the operations
of the United States Bank and its paper issues, he
says:
"This sudden influx of good fortune was attended with its
usual abuse; a disposition to exchange the regular pursuits
ofindustrj for adventurous traffic and whatever business
held out the temptations of a lottery.'"
Mr. Jefferson tells Mr. Gouverneur Morris, (same
page:)
"Our republic credit is good, but the abundance of paper
has produced a spirit of gambling in the funds, which has
laid up our chips at the wharves, as too slow instruments of
profit, and has even disarmed the hand of the tailor of his
needle and thimble. They say the evil w ill cuie itself. 1
wish jt nmy; but t have rarelj seen a gamester cured even
by the disasters ofhis vocation.
"The eltect of the speculations in the funds on the habits
and chitraetei of the people, especially in the cities and
towns, was greater than can well lie imagined by one who
was not an eye witness.*'
One more extract, by way of illustrating the fed-
eral party in J79G, 7, and 8, which I think will su-
persede any description of them at this time, ex-
cept by comparison; If names are the representa-
tives of things, the terms "whig" and "Jefferson
democrat" are out of joint, and out of time and
place, when applied to the party opposed to the de-
mocracy. This is a letter which I find in the first
volume of Mr. Jefferson's life, page 518, addressed
to Mr. Mazee:
"The aspect of our politics has wonderfully changed
since yon left us, April -24, 1796. In place of that love of
liberty and republican government which carried us tri-
umphantly through the war, an anglican-monarchical-aris-
tocratical party has sprung up, whose avowed object it is
to draw over us the substance, as they have already done
the forms, of the British government. The main body of
our citizens, however, remain true to theii republican prin-
ciples. The whole landed interest is republican, and so is
the great mass of talents. Against us are the executive,
the judiciary, and two out of three branches of the legisla-
ture; all the officers of the government, all who want to be
oliiccrs, all timid men who prefer the calm of despotism to
the boisterous sea of liberty, British merchants, and Amer-
icans trading on British capital speculates, and holders
in the banks and public funds: a contrivance invented for
the purpose of coiruption, and foi assimilating us in all
things to the rotten, as well as the sound parts of the British
model, ft would give you a fever, were I to name to you
the apostates who have gone over to these heresies—men
who were Sampsons m the field, and Solomons in the coun-
cil, but who hove had their heads shorn bj the hdilut Eng-
land. In short, we are likely to preserve the liberty we
have obtained, only by unremitting labois and peril. But
we shall preserve it, and our mass of weight and wealth on
the. good side so great as to leave no danger that force
will ever be attempted against us. "We have only to wake
up and snap the Lilliputian cords with which they have
been entangling us during the first sleep which succeeded
our labors.5'
Could Mr. Jefferson, had he lived in 1837—'8,—9,
and 40, have portrayed better the effects of the fed-
eral measures upon this country than they arc pre-
dicted?
So speaks Thomas Jefferson, though dead. So has
spoken every democratic sage who has gone before
us. So have spoken the entire democracy of this
Union, over and over, through the ballot-box.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to a high protective
tariff. I am opposed to the distribution oi' the pro-
ceeds of the public lands, because it is an unconsti-
tutional perversion of (he purposes for which the
lands were granted to the geneud government; and,
because it makes a high protective tariff necessary.
The vacuum made in the national treasury must be
filled; and it call only be filled by a direct or ail
indirect tax; both of which are equally oppressive.
I am opposed to the assumption of the State debts,
because it would give the federal government a dan-
gerous control over the States, and transfer legislative
