50&
CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
was taken from a speech of Mr. Clay, and was the
precise language used.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN. I did not say that it
contained the precise language of Mr. Clay. I said
that it contained the same sentiments.
Mr. WHITE said he would take the gentleman's
correction; and would proceed to show that the res-
olution did not contain the same sentiment that was
found in the record of Mr. Clay's speech. There
was no man fit to have a seat on that floor—no man
fit to have a seat in a jury box, and no man fit to be
without the walls of a lunatic asylum, but who
would recognise this resolution as a forgery. What
constituted a forgery? It was changing a material
principle in a paper, either by adding words to it, or
by taking words from it. Now, there was no such
sentiment in the speech of Mr. Clay as was contain-
ed in the words "there was no necessity for pro-
tection." In that sentence, the word "or' was
changed into the word "for," and two other words
(viz: "for protection") were left out, after stopping
at a comma. Was it not an established principle
that the less truth was the greatest falsehood? The
language of Mr. Clay was this: "There was no ne-
cessity of protection, for protection." Such were
the words used by Mr. Clay; and were the gentleman
from Indiana, and the gentleman from Alabama be-
hind him, so obtuse in their understandings as not to
perceive that the leaving out of the words "for pro-
tection," and the substitution of the preposition
"for" instead of "of," changed the ssnse?
Mr. HOUSTON rose ana inquired if the gentle-
man alluded to him.
Mr. WHITE said he did; but not in an offensive
sense. He saw the gentleman smile, and therefore
referred to him. He meant no disrespect to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. HOUSTON expressed himself as satisfied
with the gentleman's explanation. He did not cor-
rectly hear what he said; and for that reason, asked
him what he said.
Mr. WHITE continued. Now, he had denied
upon a former occasion, as he denied now, that Mr.
Clay ever in his life said there was no necessity for
protection. This was the ground that he took then,
and took now. But to understand this question bet-
ter, he would call the attention of the House to the
debate in which this speech of Mr. Clay was made.
It was not on a question of protection or of revenue,
but on that of the public lands; and Mr. Clay was
speaking in reply to Mr.Woodbury, who was press-
ing an amendment to the bill then pending, to pledge
the public lands for the support of the government.
He would appeal to the gentleman from Indiana
himself, if it was just to refer to any cursory re-
marks of Mr. Clay on such an occasion, for the pur-
pose of showing his sentiments on a great political
question. It would be seen that it was a short
running debate, in which the remarks of Mr. Clay
were made, and that neither of these gentlemen
wrote out their remarks for themselves. He asked
the attention of the gentleman from Indiana to these
circumstances, because he said that he could not
comprehend what Mr. Clay meant by saying that
he would look to revenue alone for the support of
the government, if he did not mean that he was
against protection. He could tell the gentleman
what Mr. Clay meant. He was replying to the ar-
gument of Mr. Woodbury who was urging an
amendment to pledge the public lands for the sup-
port of government; and it was because he wns op-
posed to pledging the lands for that purpose that he
said he would look to anything but revenue for the
support of government. He would ask the gentle-
man if he had read the whole of that speech, and if
it was not due to truth and justice to compare the
different parts with each other, to ascertain the
speaker's meaning. This would have been the course
that truth and justice demanded. Could it be that party
zeal had so blinded the gentleman, that, in pretending
to give the language of Mr. Clay, he thought he had a
right to stop at a comma, in the midst of a sentence,
and leave out the words necessary to complete the
sense? He would now call the attention of the
House to a very short sentence in the same spsech,
explanatory of what Mr. Clay meant, and which
the gentleman of Indiana could have seen, had he
given to that speech an impartial examination.
[Here Mr. W. read an extract from Mr. Clay's
speech on that occasion.] {If the gentleman had read
this, (continued Mr. W.) he could not have shut
his eyes to what was Mr. Clay's meaning in the
sentence he quoted. He could not have misunder-
stood what Mr. Clay meant by saying that he
would look to revenue alone for the support of the
government. Having made this explanation, he re-
peated again, on his own responsibility, that the
resolution contained a falsehood and a forgery; and
and he believed that there were not twelve honest
and intelligent me* in the country who would not,
on their oaths, decare it to be so. After a few more
remarks from Mr. W.,
Mr. W. J. BROWN said he would "beg leave to
ask the gentleman from Kentucky, what Mr. Clay
meant by saying: "do not raise the question of pro-
tection: he had hoped that that question had been
put to rest."
Mr. WHlfE replied, that if the gentleman would
turn to the speech of Mr. Clay, in 1840, written out
by himself, he would find what was meant by say-
ing that he considered protection for protection's
sake unnecessary: that if a tariff to raise money
enough to supply the wants of -government were
passed, it would give all the necessary protection.
Mr. W. J. BROWN would ask the gentleman if,
when speaking of falsehood and forgery, he meant
to make any charge against him.
Mr. WHITE said he did not allude to the gentle-
man from Indiana as having committed a forgery or
falsehood; but the paper was not the less a forgery
and falsehood, no matter who made it. He did not
charge the gentleman criminally. Mr. W. said he
would not go back and enter into any controvesy
with the gentleman on the subject of Mr. Clay's re-
lations with the bank of the united States; but he
must say to him that he had used an expression in
relation to Mr. Clay, that could never be vindicated.
The gentleman had charged Mr. Clay with being the
feed counsel of the United States Bank, in the Senate
of the United States.
Mr. W. J. BROWN. I charged him with being
the feed counsel of the bank, and its advocate in the
Senate of the United States.
Mr. WHITE expressed himself gratified at the
gentleman's explanation; and after a few more re-
marks, resumed his seat.
Mr. STEENROD obtained the floor, and ex-
pressed the opinion that this debate should be
brought to a close. He rose to ask the general
consent of the House for him to offer a resolution,
the same in substance with one that had been offer-
ed a few weeks ago. Mr. S. then read the resolu-
tion, as follows:
Resolved, That the following he added to the standing
rules of the House. Immediately on the Speaker's taking
the chair, each morning, the Clerk shall proceed to call the
roll of the House, and shall thereupon enter upon the jour-
nal the names of the members who are present; also, the
names of those who areabRent.
The resolution being objected to.
Mr. STEENROD moved to suspend the rules;
but the motion was lost without a division.
ENGRAVING AND LITHOGRAPHING OF MAPS.
The SPEAKER announced the business next in
order to be the unfinished business of yesterday, on
the resolution reported by the Committee on En-
graving, to print 1,500 copies of a map sent to Con-
gress by the Surgeon General, accompanying a re-
port illustrating the theory of storms. The pending
question was on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered, and being taken—resulted as
follows: yeas 88, nays 70. So the resolution was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER then called for reports from the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. McCLERNAND, from that committee, re-
ported back to the House a variety of memorials
on the subject of the enlargement of the Wabash and
Erie canal, from whose further consideration be
moved that the committee be discharged, and that
they be laid upon the table.
Mi. HOUSTON requested the gentleman to allow
them to go to the Committee of the Whole, having
in charge a bill on that subject.
Mr. OWEN moved there reference to a Select
Committee of five members.
Some conversation and explanations ensued, in
which Mr. SEMPLE, Mr. McCLERNAND, Mr.
OWEN, Mr. J. W. WRIGHT, and others took
part.
Mr. McCLERNAND at length intimated that he
was willing to withdraw the motion to lay on the
table at the request of Mr. Sample, to give that gen-
tleman an opportunity to make some statements on
this subject, on condition that he would renew
it.
Mr. HOPKINS rose to a question of order. The
gentleman had made his motion as part of his report
from the Committee on, Public Lands, and there-
fore he had no control of it.
Mr. ADAMS called for a division of the question;
and, being divided, the question was first taken on
discharging the committee from the further consid-
eration of the memorials.
Upon the next branch of the resolution, viz: to
lay the memorials upon the table, a division was
called, and the votes being counted by the Speaker,
there were 51 in the affirmative, and 37 in the nega-
tive—no quorum voting.
Tellers were then demanded and ordered. Messrs.
Grivnei, and C. Johns ok were appointed, who
repgrted 62 yeas and 46 nays—being less than a
quorum.
A second count was demanded, and there were
yeas 60, nays 66.
The motion to lay on the table was negatived.
Mr. OWEN moved that so many of the memo-
rials reported back from the Committee on Public
Land as referred to a grant of lands for the exten-
sion of the Wabash and Erie canal to Evansville,
be referred to a select committee of five.
Mr. 0. said he would not, on this occasion, de-
tain the House over five minutes. He knew well,
that on local matters such as this, and especially on
a mere question of reference, the House would be
impatient under any lengthened remarks. Yet this
he would say: that the subject embraced in the me-
morials which he had moved to have referred to a se-
lect committee, was one of very deep interest to a
large portion of the State of Indiana, and which
formed the subject of a joint resolution of that State
at the last session of her legislature. The object
was to obtain a grant of lands in aid of the comple-
tion of the Wabash and Erie canal to Evansville.
But, in regard to this matter, there were two inter-
ests—two rival interests—in the State: the one in
favor of completing the national thoroughfare from
the canal to the Ohio, by way of the river Wabash;
the other in favor of completing it by way of the
canal, as in these memorials proposed. Of these
two interests, the one (the river interest) had a bill
in the House; the other (the canal interest) had not
been able to obtain a bill from a standing committee.
For that reason, he (Mr. O.) proposed that the ca-
nal memorials should go to a select committee. He
would not now trouble the House with any argu-
ment as to the merits of either; this was not the
proper time for such argument. All he asked (and
that he did ask as a matter of common justice) was,
that, as the one interest had a bill in the House, the
other should be permitted to have one also. If,
when the bills came up, the House decided in favor
of the river bill, in preference to the canal, so be it;
the friends of the canal would acquiesce, but they
wanted fair play. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
McClernand] has said that the minority on the
Committee on Public Lands has been suffered to
make a report. That was true. But the gentleman
well knew that no minority of a committee could
report a bill; and it was a bill, not a mere report,
the friends of the canal wanted. The only mode in
which they could obtain this was through a select
committee; and that, he trusted, would not be re-
fused to them.
On this motion Mr. HUDSON called for the yeas
and neys.
They were not ordered.
The votes being counted by the Speaker, there
were 68 yeas, and 33 nays—not a quorum.
Tellers were appointed, and, having counted the
votes, they reported 77 in the affirmative, and 40 in
the negative.
The motion was agreed to.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. DROMG OOLE then moved that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of going into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, with a
view of taking up the tariff bill.
On this motion the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved a call of the House;
which was not agreed to.
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted 85
yeas, 87 nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, James A. Black, Blackwell,
Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob BrinkerhofT, Burke, Burt, Reuben
Chapman. Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Cobb, Coles,
Cross, Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dillingham, Drorn-
goole, Duncan, Ficklin, French, Hale, Hammett, Haral-
son, Herrick, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Hun-
gerford, James B.Hunt, Jamfson, Cave Johnson, Anfltew
Johnson, George "W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston
King, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lyon, McCauslen, Mac-
lay, McCleinand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Murphy,
Norris, Owen, Payne, Pettit, Emery 0. Potter, Purdy, Rath-
