CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
bun,
. son,
at, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Roberts, Robin*
t, St. John, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert
Smith, Spence, Steenrod, Stetson, Stiles, Stone, Sykes, Tay-
lor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Wetter, Wentworth,
Wheaton, Woodward,y^,nd Joseph A. "Wright—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Baker,
Barringer, Barnard, Bidlack, Brengie, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Cary, Carroll, Catlin,
Causin, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston,
Dana, Darrah, Garrett Davis, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson,
Ellis, Flmer, Farlee, Fish, Foot, Giddings, Byram Green,
Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hoge, Hubbell,
Hudson, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin,
Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Kirkpatrick,
McClelland, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse,
Moseley, Nes, Parmenter, Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix, Pratt,
Preston, Ramsey, Charles M. Reed, Ritter, Rockwell, Rod-
ney, Rogers, Sajnple, Schenck, Senter, Severance, David
L. Seymour, Simons, John T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, John
Stewart, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Ymton, Wethered, White,
Williams, Winthrop, and William Wright—87.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL offered the fol-
lowing resolution, and moved to suspend the rules
to receive it:
Resolved, That the bill to modify and amend the act enti-
tled "An act to provide revenue from imports," (No. 213, 1st
session, 28th Congress,) be made the special order of the
day for the last Tuesday of December next.
Mr. THOMPSON moved a call of the House;
which motion being adopted,
The roll was called, when 170 members answered
to their names.
The absentees having been called, it was ascer-
tained that 180 members were present.
The SPEAKER directed the officers of the House
to close the doors.
Mr. C. J. ING-ERSOLL moved to suspend all
further proceedings under the call.
Carried—ayes 78, noes 58.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL hoped the House would
indulge him by suspending the rules to receive the
reports of the standing committees.
The SPEAKER said that there was a motion for
a suspension of the rules pending.
Mr. RHETT asked if that resolution required a
vote of two-thirds.
The SPEAKER replied that it would require a
majority of two-thirds to make a special order.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL here modified his
resolution so as to make it a postponement of the
tariff bill till the last Tuesday of December next, in-
stead of making it a special order for that day.
Mr. WHITE called for the reading of the resolu-
tion as it was modified, and it was read accordingly.
Mr. WHITE called for the yeas and nays.
• The SPEAKER stated that this was a motion to sus-
pend the rules, for the purpose of offering a resolution
to postpone the consideration of a particular subject;
and now he would suggest to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that it was a motion to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of moving a postponement of
a subject which was not now before the Houses and
therefore the Chair would feel bound to decide such
motion of postponement to be out of order.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL was understood then to
withdraw the modification of his motion; and the
question recurred on the motion to suspend, for the
purpose of offering the original resolution, on which
the yeas and nays were ordered and taken, as fol-
lows: yeas 147, nays 26.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashe, Atkinson, Baker,
Barringer, Barnard, Bidlack, James Black, JflackweJl,
Boyd, Brengie, J^cob Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Bfl§wn, Buffington, Burke, Burt, Cary,
Carroll, Causin. Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Chappell, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Collamer, Crois, Cullom, Dana, Darrah, John W. Davis,
Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Dunlap,
Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin, Fish, Foot, French, Giddings,
Byram Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hale, Hammett, Haralson,
Hardin, Harper, Hays, Herrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Hubbell, Hudson, Hughes, Hungerford, James B.
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvm,
Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, John P. Kennedy, Kirkpatrick, La-
brancne, Lewis, Lucas, McCauslen, Maclay, McClernand,
McConnell, Mcllvaine, McKay, Marsh, Edward J. Morris,
Morse, Moseley, Nes, Newton, Norris, Owen. Parmenter,
Patterson, Payne, Phcenix, Emery D. Potter, Preston, Ram-
sey, Rathbun, Charles M. Reed, Reding, Relfe, Rhett,
Ritter, Roberts, Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers,
Sample, Schenck, Severance, David L.Seymour, Simpson,
Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, CaleV B. Smith,
Robert Smith, Spence, Steenrod, Stetson, Stiles, Strong,
Summers, Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden,
Tyler, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, Wethered, Wheaton,
Williams, Winthrop, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and
Yost—147.
NAYS—Messrs Anderson. Jamp<? A. Black, Bowlin, Wil-
liam J. Brown Catlm, Cranston, Daniel, Dean, Dickinson,
Henley, Hoge, Preston King, Leonard, Lyon, McDowell,
Murphy, Pettit, Peyton, Purdy, D. 8. Reid, St. John, Senter,
Simons, John Stewart, Tucker, White, and William
Wright—26.
Bo the rules were suspended.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL then offered his resolu-
tion, to make the tariff bill the special order for the
last Tuesday in December.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out "the last Tuesday of Decem-
ber," and inserting the words "to-morrow at 12
o'clock."
On this motion the previous question was moved,
and the yeas and nays demanded in various pai;ts of
the House.
Mr. WHITE inquired if the pending motion
would require a majority of two-thirds.
The SPEAKER was of opinion that a majority
was sufficient to carry the amendment.
Mr. WHITE inquired what majority would be
required to adopt the resolution, if it were amended
as Woposed.
The SPEAKER replied that a vote of two-thirds
would be required.
The previous question was then sustained, and
the yeas and nays ordered on the amendment; and
being taken, resulted thus:—yeas 90, nays 92.
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, James A. Black,
Blackwell, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoff, William J.
Brown, Burke, Burt, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus
A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinton, Cobb. Coles, Cros*, Cul-
lom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dean, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Dunlap, Elmer, Ficklin, Hale, Hammett, Haralson, Henley,
Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones. Andrew Kennedy,
Preston King, Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lyon,
McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McDowell,
McKay, Murphy, Norris, Owen, Payne, Pettit, Emery D.
Potter, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe,
Rhett, Roberts, Robinson, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith,
Robert'Smith, Spence, Steenrod, Stetson, Stiles, Stone,
Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller,
Wentworth, Woodward, and J. A. Wright—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Bidlack, James Black, Brengie, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Cary, Carroll, Causin,
Chilton, Clinch, Clingmari, Collamer, Cranston, Dana,
Darrah, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickin-
son, Dillingham, Ellis, Farlee, Fish, Foot, French, Gid-
dings, Byram Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper,
Hays, Hubbell, Hudson, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Ken-
nedy, Kirkpatrick, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J Morris,
Morse, Moseley, Nes, Newton, Parmenter, Patterson,
Peyton, Phcenix, Pratt, Preston, Ramsey, Charles M. Reed,
Ritter, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, St. John. Sample,
Schenck, Senter, Severaneo, David L. Seymour, Simons,
John T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Andrew Stewart, John
Stewart, Summers, Sykes, Tilden, Tyler, Vinton, Wether-
ed, Wheaton, White, Williams, Winthrop, Wm. Wright,
and Yost—9'2.
So the amendment was negatived.
The question then recurred on the original reso-
lution, on which the yeas and nays were ordered,
and taken as follows:—yeas 83, nays 100.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adam*, Baker, Barringer, Bar-
nard, Bidlack, James Black, Brengie, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Cary, Carroll, Cau-
sin, Chilton, Cliach, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Dana,
Darrah, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dilling-
ham, Ellis, Farlee, Fish, Foot, French, Giddings, Grinnell,
Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hubbell, Hudson, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Kirkpatrick, Mcllvaine, Marsh,
Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Newton, Par-
menter, Patterson, Phoemx, Preston, Ramsey, Charles M.
Reed, Ritter, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample*
Schenck, Senter, Severance, David L. Seymour, Johjt T.
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Andrew Stewart, Summers, Til-
den, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Wethered, "Wheaton, Williams,
Winthrop, William Wright, and Yost—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, James A. Black,
Blackwell, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoff, William J.
Brown, Burke. Burt, Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus
A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinton. Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cul-
lom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dean, Dickinson, Douglass,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Elmer, Ficklin, Byram
Green, Hale, Hammett, Haralson, Henley. Herrick, Holmes,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Hungerford,
James B Hunt, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew John-
son, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King,
Labranche, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Ljon, McCauslen,
Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Murphy, Norris, Owen, Payne, Pettit, Peyton,
Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun, David S Reid,
Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Roberts, Robinson, St. John, Simons,
Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Spence,
Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong,
Sykes, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Ticker, Weller, Went-
worth, White, Woodward, and Joseph A, Wright—100
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said, if the morning
hour had not expired, he hoped that reports from
committees would be received.
Mr. McKAY rose, and asked the indulgence of
the House, in order to make some disposition of the
tariff bill. It would be recollected that, some days
ago, he gave notice that he would renew the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole each successive
day, until the House decided whether they would
act upon the bill or not. He believed, by the vote
■which had just been taken, that a mtyority was de-
termined that action should be had upon it,'and the
believed that a majority was in favor of. its passage.
They differed, however, as to the time when it
should be taken up. Some desired its postpone-
ment until Monday next; and, in a spirit of compro-
mise, he proposed that it be made the special order
for Monday next; and he appealed to gentlemen on
the other side to coincide with him in fixing that
day. He moved a suspension of the rules, to en-
able him to offer a resolution for that purpose, which
is as follows:
Rtsolvtd, That bill No. 213, "to modify and amend the act
entitled An act to provide revenue from imports, and to-
change and modify existing laws imposing duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes," approved 30th August, 184.',
be the special ordfcr of the day, 09 and after ^Monday next,
the 15th instant, to take precedence of all other business
until the same shall be finally disposed of by the House,
On this motion the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WHITE intimated his acquiescence in the
proposition. He was perfectly ready for the issue.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
as follows:—yeas 101, nays 76.
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Ashe, - Atkinson, James A.
Black, Blackwell, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhotf, "Wil-
liam J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chap-
man, Augustus A Chapman, Cnappell, Clinton, Cobb,
Coles, Cranston, Cross, Cullom, John W. Davis, Dean,
Dickenson, Dillingham, "Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Hale, Hammett, Haralson, Herrick,
Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell,
Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Jameson, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George "W. Jones, A. Kennedy,
P. King, Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lyon, McCauslen,
Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Murphy, Norris, Owen, Payne, Peyton, E. D. Potter,
Preston, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe,
Rhett, Roberts, Robinson, St. John, D. L. Seymour, Simons,
Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Spence,
Steenrod, Stetson, Stiles, Stone, Sykes, Taylor, Thompson,
Tibbatts, Tutxker, Weller, "Wentworth, Wheaton, White,
Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Baringer, Bar-
nard, Bidlack, James Black, Brengie, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Carroll, Causin. Chilton, Clinch,
Clingman, Collamer, Dana, Darrah, Garrett Davis,- De-
berry, Dickey, Fish, Foot, French, Giddings, Grider,
Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hudson, Charles J. Ingersoll, Irvin,
Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John F. Kennedy, Kirkpatrick,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, K. J. Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes,
Newton, Parmenter, Pratt, Ramsey. C. M. Reed, Ritter,
Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Senter,
Severance, Summers, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vinton, Weth-
ered, WilliamWright, and Yost—7ti.
There not being two-thirds in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. TIBBATTS asked what was the next order
of business.
The SPEAKER said that reports from the stand-
ing committees were in order, and reports were
made from the several standing committees, as fol-
lows:
Mr. BURT, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill to provide for the purchase
and distribution of a certain number of copies of
Gordon's Digest of the Laws of the United States:
read twice, and referred.
Mr. CROSS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Solo-
mon Journey, assignee of Humphrey Richings:
read twice, and referred.
Mr. W. J. BROWN, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of John
Hart, deceased: read twice, and referred.
Mr. HUDSON, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, made a report on the subject of the tariff;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WHITE said he wished to make a motion
to print an additional number of copies of that re-
port; but the motion was objected to, and not re-
ceived.
Mr. HUGHES, from the Committee 011 Indian
Affairs, reported two bills for the relief of Isaac S.
Ketchem; which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. THOMPSON, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Henry S.
Cummayer; which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. IRVIN, from the Committee on Militarv
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Josephine
Nourse: read twice, and referred.
Mr. ATKINSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill from the Senate with amend-
ments.
Mr. MUPRHY, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report on the memorial of
Captain William L. Hudson and others; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported a bill to carry into effect
the convention between the United States and thq
republic of Peru: read twice, and referred.
