£$4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from thei same com-
mittee, made a report on the subject of commer-
cial intercourse willi the republic of Hayti; also an
adverse report on the memorial of Horatio Sprague.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the same commit-
tee, reported a'bill providing indemnity for the own-
ers of the Spanish schooner Amistad: read twice,
and referred.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the some com-
mittee, made a report on a communication from the
Department of State on the subject of the bill re-
specting the reciprocity treaty with Portugal; and
said that he had been requested by the Department
of State to move for the early consideration of that
bill. He, therefore, gave notice that he should take
the earliest opportunity of making thatmotion.
The SPEAKER here announced that the morn-
ing hour had expired.
RHODE ISLAND REVOLUTION—EXECUTIVE
INTERFERENCE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House an execu-
tive communication, being an answer from the Presi-
dent to a resolution of the House of Representatives
of the 23d of March last, in relation to the affairs of
the State of Rhode Island, and the interference of the
President therein during the struggle for a new con-
stitution.
Mr. BURKE moved its reference to the Select
Committee which has been hitherto appointed on
that subject.
Mr. WINTHROP remarked that the motion of
the gentleman from New Hampshire did not em-
brace the printing of the message; he therefore hoped
it would be read.
Mr. HOPKINS moved the previous question.
After some conversation, in which Mr. HOLMES,
Mr. WINTHOP, and others, took part,
The Clerk read the message as follows:
To the House of Representatives:
In compliance with a resolution of the House of Repro-
sentatives of the 28d March last, requesting the President to
Jay before the House—
"The authority and true copies of all requests and appli-
cations upon which he deemed it his duty to interfere with
the naval and military foiv.es of the United States, on the oc-
casion of the recent attempt of the people of Rhode Island
to establish a free constitution in place of the old charter
government of that State; also, copies of the instructions
to, and statements of, the charter commissioners sent to him
by the then existing authorities of the State of Rhode
Island; also, copies of the correspondence between the ex-
ecutive of the United States and the charter government of
the State of Rhode Island, and all the papers and documents
connected with the same; also, copies of the correspondence,
if any, between the heads of departments and said charter
government, or any person or persons connected with the
said government, and of any accompanying papers and doc-
uments; also, copies of all orders issued by the executive
of the United States, or any of the departments, to military
officers, for the movement or employment of troops to or in
Rhode Island; also, copies of all orders to naval officers to
prepare steam or other \ essels of the United States for scr-
vice in the waters of Rhode Island; also, copies of all or-
ders to officers of revenue cutters for the same service; al-
f.o copies of any instructions borne by the Secretary of "War
to Rhode Island, on his visit, in 1842, to review the troops of
the charter government; also, copies of any order or orders
to on}' officer or officers of the army or navy to report them-
selves to the charter government; and that he be requested
to lay before tins Uoim* copies of any other papers or docu-
ments in the possession of the executive, connected with
ihi > subject, not above specially enumerated''—
1 have to infoim the JIousi; that the executive- did not
ilcem it his "duty to inteifere with thcnai.il andmihtaiy
forces of the United States,in the late disturbances in
Rhode Island, that no orders were issued by the executive.
uc any of ihe departments, to military officers, i'oi the mo\ e-
irienl or emploj ment of troop® to or in Rhode Island, other
than those accompanying this message, and which contem
plated the strengthening of the ganison at Fort Adams,
which, considering the extent of the agitation in Rhode
Island, was esteemed necessary and judicious; that no or-
ders were issued to naval officers to prepare steam or other
v* vsels of the United States forseivice in the waters of
Rhode Island; that no orders were issued "to the officers of
the revenue cutters ior said service;" that 110 instructions
were borne by the Secretaiv of War to Rhode Island, on
hi* visit in 1812, to review the ft oops of the vhtrfer goret nment;
and that no orders ere given to am officer or officers of the
army or navy to report themselves" to the chatter govern-
ment. "Requests and applications" v\ cie made to the exec-
utive to fulfil the guaranties ofthe constitution which impose
on the federal government the obligation to protect and
defend each State of the Union against "domestic violence
and foreign invasion," but the executive was at no time
convinced that the casus fedens had arisen, which required
the interposition ofthe military or naval power in the con-
troversy which unhappily existed between the people of
Rhode Island. I wa« in no manner prevented from so inter-
fering, by the inquiry whether Rhode island existed as an in-
dependent State of the Union under a charter granted at
an early period by the crown of Great Britain, or not.
It was enough for the executive to know that she was re-
cognised as a sovereign State by Great Britain, by the treaty
• i ll ' ata *a^er day, slie had, m common with her
sister States, poured out her blood, and freely expended her
treasure, m tke war of the revolution; that she was a party
jo the articles of confederation; that at an after day she
adopted the constitution of the United States as a free, in-
dependent, and republican State; and that in that character
she has always possessed her full quota of representation
in the Senate and House of Representatives; and up to a re-
cent day, she has conducted all her domestic art&irs and ful-
filled all her obligations as a member of the Union, in peace
and,m war, under her charter government,as it is denominated
by the resolution of the House of the 23d March.
I must be permitted to disclaim entirely and unqualifiedly
the right on the part of the executive to make any real or
supposed defects, existing in any State constitution or form
of government, the pretext for a failure to enforce the laws
or the guaranties of the constitution of the United States in
reference to any such State. I utterly repudiate the idea,
in terms as emphatic as I can employ, that those laws are
not to be enforced, or gauranties complied with, because
the President may believe that, the right of suit rage, or any
other great popular right, is either too restricted or too
broadly enlarged. I also, with equal strength, resist the idea
that it falls within the executive competency to decide
in controversies of the nature of that which existed in
Rhode Island, on which side the majority of the people may
be, or as to the extent of the rights of a mere numeral ma-
jority. For the executive to assume such a power would
be to assume a power of the most dangerous character.
Under such assumptions, the States ol this Union would
have no security forpeace or tranquillity, but might be con-
verted into the mere instruments of executive will. Actu-
ated by selfish purposes, he might become the great agita-
tor, fomenting assaults npon the State constitutions, and
declaring the majority of to-day to be the minority of to-
morrow; and the minority, in its turn, the majority, before
whose decrees the established order of things in the'State
should be subverted. Revolution, civil commotion, and
bloodshed, would be the inevitable consequences. The
provision in the constitution intended for the security ofthe
States, would thus be turned into the instrument of their
destruction. The President would bccome, in fact, the
great constitution-makfr for the States, and all power
would be vested in his hands.
When, therefore, the governor of Rhode Island, by his
letter of the 4th April, 1«42, made a requisition upon the
executive for aid to put down the late disturbances, I had
no hesitation in recognising the obligations of the execu-
tive to furnish such aid, upon the occurrence of the contin-
gency provided for by the constitution and laws. My letter
of the 11th April, in reply to the governor's letter ofthe
4th, is herewith communicated; together with all the cor-
respondence which passed at a subsequent day, and the let-
ters and documents mentioned in the schedule hereunto an-
nexed. From the correspondence between the executive
ol the United States and that of Rhode Island, it will not
cscape observation, that, while 1 regaided it as my duty to
announce the principles by which I should govern myself,
in the contingency of an armed interposition on the part of
this government being necessary to uphold the rights of
the State of Rhode Island, and to preserve its domestic
peacc, yet that the strong hope would be indulged and ex-
pressed, that all the difficulties would disappear before an
enlightened policy of conciliation and compromise. In that
spirit, I addressed to Governor King the letter of the 7th
May, 1842, marked private and confidential, and received
his reply of the 12th May of the same year. The desire of
the executive was, from the beginning, to bring the dispute
to a termination without the interposition of the military
power of the United States, and it will continue to be a sub-
ject of self-congratulation that this leading object of policy
was finally accomplished. The executive resisted all en-
treaties, however urgent, to depart from this line of conduct.
Information from private sources had led the executive to
conclude that little else was designed by Mr. Dorr and his
adherents than mere menace, with a view to intimidation;
nor was this opinion in any degree shaken, until the 22d
June, 1842, when it was strongly represented from reliable
sources, as will be seen by reference to the documents here-
with communicated, that preparations were making by Mr.
Dorr, with a large farce in arms, to invade the State, which
force had been recruited in the neighboring States, and was
already preceded by the collection of military stores in con-
siderable quantities at one or two points. This was a state
Of things to which the executive could not be indifferent.
Mr. Dorr speedily afterwards took up his headquarters at
Chepachet, and assumed the command of what was reported
to be a large force, drawn chiefly from voluntary enlistments
made in neighboring States. The executive could with dif-
ficulty bring itself to realize the fact that the citizens of
other States had forgotten their duty to themselves and the
constitution ot the United States, and entered into the highly
lvpiehensible and indefensible, course of interfi ring sofai 111
the concerns of a sister State, as to have entered into plans
of invasion, conquest, and revolution; but the executive felt
it to be its dutj to look minutely into the matter, and there-
fore the Secretaiv of War was despatched to Rhode Island
with instructions, a copy of which arc herewith transmitted,
and was authorized, should a requisition be made upon the
exeeutiv e, 1>\ the government of Rhode Island, in pursuance
of law, and the invaders should not abandon their purpose,
to call upon the governois of Massachusetts and Connecti-
cut for a sufficient number of nulitia at once to crush the
invasion, and to interpose such of the regular troops as
cotild be spared from Foit Adums l'or the defence oi the city
of Providence, in the event of its being attacked, as was
stiongly represented to be in contemplation Happily there
was no'necessity for either issuing the proclamation'or re-
quisition, or for removing the troops from Vort Adams,
wheie they had been properly stationed. Chepachet was
evacuated, and Mr. Dorr's troops dispersed, without the ne-
cessity of the inteiposition of any military force by this
government, thus confirming me m my early impressions
that nothing more had been designed from the first, by those
associated \\ ith Mr. Dorr, than to excite fear and apprehen-
sion. and thereby to obtain concessions from the constituted
authorities, which might be claimed as a triumph over the
existing government.
With the dispersion of Mr. Dorr's troops ended all the
difficulties. A convention was shortly afterwards called,
by due course of law, to amend the fundamental law, and
a new constitution, based on more liberal principles than
that abrogated, was proposed and adopted by the people.
Thus the great American experiment of change in govern
ment, under the influence of opinion, and not of force, has
b^eri again crowned with success, and the State and peo-
ple of Rhode Island repose in safety under institutions of
their own adoption, unterritied by any future, prospect of
necessary change, and secure against domestic violence or
invasion from abroad. I congratulate the country upon so
happy a termination of a condition of things which seemed
at one time seriously to threaten the public peace. It may
justly be regarded as worthy ofthe ago and of the country
in which we live.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, April 8,1844.
Mr. HOPKINS withdrew his call for the previ-
ous question, and believing that no good purpose
would be effected by referring the message to the
Select Committee, he moved'that it be laid on the
table and printed.
Mr. BURKE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. HOLMES wished a division ofthe question,
so that the vote could be taken first on laying on the
table, and next on the printing.
Mr. HOPKINS inquired if this message was in
reply to a resolution reported from the Select Com-
mittee; and on being answered in the affirmative, he
withdrew his motion.
Mr. HOLMES renewed it; for, he observed, he
wanted a condemnation of the whole Rhode Island
scheme.
The SPEAKER then put the question on the first
branch of the motion—to lay on the table, (a divi-
sion having been ordered,) and the question, was
taken by yeas and nays, as follows: yeas 66, nays '
77; so the House refused to lay on the table.
The message was then, by consent, ordered to be
printed, and was referred to the Select Committee. ,
Several executive communications were laid
before the House.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. JOSEPH A. WRIGHT* The petition of Albert G.
Button and 98 other citizens of Park and Putnam counties,
Indiana, asking that the government would grant to the
State of Indiana the vacant lands lying in the Vincennes
land district, Indiana, for the purpose of continuing the Wa«
bash and Erie canal from Terre Haute, Indiana, to Evans-
ville, on the Ohio river: referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. The petition of John Havens and 49 other citi-
zens of Park and Putnam counties, on the same subject: re-
ferred to the same committee.
By Mr BAKER: The memorial of James W. Crooks and
103 others, and of Wm. B. Calhoun and 73 other citizens of
the county of Hampden, Massachusetts, praying for an in-
quiry in relation to alleged destruction and waste ofthe
public property at tho Springfield armory.
By Mr HARALSON: The petition of the volunteer
companies of the District of Columbia, praying to be organ-
ized into a separate corps, distinct from the militia: refer-
red to the Committee on the Militia.
Mr. TIBBATTS withdrew the petition and papers filed on
behalf of the widow of Andrew Lewis, deceased, late an
officer of the United States army, praying to be ieimbursed
the costs and charges of a suit instituted against him for
responsibility incurred by him in his official capacity.
By Mr. MURPHY: The petition of Catharine Remsen,
widow of Garret Remsen, a revolutionary soldier, for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions. The petition of Aaron Lenox, for a pension, by
reason of disability received in the action between the
frigates United States and Macedonian: referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Naval Aflairs.
By Mr. ANDREW STEWART: Five memorials, signed
by a great number of the citizens of Pennsylvania, of all
political parties, beseeching Congress not to interfere with
the existing tariff, which, they allege", is rapidlv restoring
the national prosperity, and a sound currency "by the im-
portation of specie from abroad. Also, the petition and
documents of Lucrctia Haymaker: referred to the Commit-
tee on ltcvolutionar) Claims.
By Mr. TIALE: The petition of Samuel Spinney, and 63
others, citizens of Portsmouth, Now Hampshire, prajing
the passage ol a law forbidding the sale of spiritous liquor
in the Capitol, or other buildings belonging to the United
States: referred to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
By Mr. FICKLIN: The petition of John M. Burnett, and
a number of other citi/.ens of Coles county, Illinois, pray-
ing the establishment of 3 post route from Charleston, by
wdj of Modrell's Point, Oakland post office, Daniel's Mill,
and New Albany, to Urbanna, m Champaign county: re-
ferred to the Committee un the Post Office and Post Rpads.
By Mr, RAMSEY: The proceedings of a public meeting
of the citizens of Pme Grove, Schuylkill county, Pa., at
which John A. Bechtel presided, earnestly remonstrating
against any interference with the tariff of 1842. The peti-
tion ol John Barr, Isaac Harvey, and 80 others, citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pa, protesting against any interference
with the taiif} of 1842. Also, the petition of Roland Kline,
John G. Martin, and 26 other#?, citizens of Schuylkill coun-
ty, Pa., of a like import. Also, the petition of John P. Lee-
bnck, John Shannon, and SO others, citizens of Dauphin
county, Pa., of a like impoit.
By Mr. MACLAY: The petition of William Durrell, of
the city of New York, for the remission of a fine imposed
under the alien and sedition laws: referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
By Mr. J, BRINKERHOFF: The petition of citizens of
