513  
■ 28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Tariff—Mr. Duncan. 
May, 1844.
H. of Reps.
which can be manufactured here cheaper than-
they can be manufactured in any foreign coun-
try and transported here; consequently they require
no protection, nor; do they receive any. Then we
have but two hundred tnousand left to protect. I
venture to assert that one hundred thousand of them
are subjects of Great Britain, and one half of the
capital vested is British capital; and what American
can feel an interest in fostering British capital and
British capitalists, who, whether they live on this
side of the Atlantic or on the other side, are Eng-
Sishmen, enemies to our free institutions in peace,
and enemies to our country in war; (I speak with
some exceptions;) who, in our last war, when called
upon to support the government, defend the coun-
try, and repel the enemy, claimed to be subjects of
Great Britain, and to be under the protection of the
Prinfte of Wales; and who will, in the next war,
claim to be subjects of Great Britain, and under the
protection of Gtueen Victoria. We are willing that
the manufacturers shall have protection to the
amount of revenue that an economical administra-
tion of the government requires, but no more; and
when the garb that covers the corruptions and
abominations of this protective tariff system shall be
torn off, and its deformities exposed, the people
will scout it from the land, and overthrow its ini-
quitous supporters. I say that two hundred thou-
sand English and American manufacturers (of each
an equal number) receive a bonus from
the pockets of the people, by incidental protection
to the amount of twenty-five millions of dollars an-
nually. The returns of the last census show the
population of the United States to be about eighteen
millions. What kind of policy is it that taxes over
seventeen millions of people for the benefit of two
hundred thousand; and half of them British sub-
jects, and the other half rich capitalists? Will the
South and the West long bear with a system of
policy which, at their expense, makes two hundred
thousand British subjects and American capitalists
the recipients of government bounty to the amount
of upwards of twenty-five millions of dollars an-
nually, by way of incidental protection; and, in ad-
dition, makes them recipients of twenty millions
more by way of protection? I say again, sir, that
such violeace and base injustice will be tolerated no
longer than till it is understood by the people. But
this protective system, to make it plausible, is called
patriotic; and this bill, which has for its object to
reduce the duties or taxes upon the people, is called
a British measure, and its friends are denounced as
friends of British industry, and patrons of British
manufactories. Sir, such a charge is both insolent
and false. The political liistoiy of this country will
show who the British party is.
I make the assertion, (and) defy successful contra-
diction,) that in each and every question and measure
that has ever arisen in this government, that had an
American side and a British side, the fedeialists
have stood by and defended the British side; and
that British feeling has been reciprocated by their
British friends in England. In the great political
struggle of 1840, there was as much interest felt for
the success of the federalists across the Atlantic
by the British money mongers, as there was by the
British federalists on this side. I will ask attention,
while I read some extracts from some of the red
and broad-mouthed,; tory papers of London, and
other places in England; and although the Ameri-
can democracy were kept in darkness as to what
measures the federalists would carry out—all decla-
lations of principle:-: kept ''from the public tnje'''—the
money-mongers of England were well informed,
and spoke knowingly on the subject.
Heic is an extract from a London paper:
"The London Morning Tost, of June 3d, in speaking of a
report that Mr. Kendall and several other members of the
American Cabinet had resigned, says:
"By the election of General Harrison, the Whig candidate,
and tile rejection uf -Mi. Van Jjinen, the return of the go\ ern-
ment to a sound and rational system of banking will follow
as a matter of course; and possibly the United States Bank
may once more tind itself under the protection of apioper
charter The rejection of Mr. Van Buren will be decisive
ot the fate of the sub-treasury scheme. That insaflie piece
of legislation will be most assuredly knocked oil the head,
and we shdll no longer hear of pet banks, and the thousand
other absurdities with which it is associated.
"We rejoice m the downfall of the VISIONARY UNDER.-
TAKIN'OS OF THE RADICAL SPIRITS AND POLITI-
CAL ECONOMICAL COXCOMBS, WHF.THF.lt TgKY
BE OF THF, OLD WOULD OK THF. NF,W, and may, ac-
ein^ly, congratulate the Americans on the prospects they
ol getting rid of such quacks as Van Buren, "Van"
ckon. and Mr Amos Kendall.
"Whether the resignation takes place or not, there seems
1 o be no doubt that THE WHOLE CREW Of THE DEMO-
CRATIC PARTY will, in the month of November at the
latest, be relieved from the cares of othce."
Here is more of the same. Both these extracts
are from high-toned, full-blooded, red-mouthed,
English Tory papers:
"The Liverpool Standard of Setember4th, encourages the
owners of American stocks in England with the following
words:
"There can be very little doubt that, in spite .of govern-
ment influence, General Harrison will be elected Presi-
dent.''
From the Liverpool Standard, September 4, 1840.
"At present, Great Britain exercises a POWERFUL IN-
FLUENCE over the social, political, and fiscal affairs of the
United States. The dependence of the planters in the
South, and the commercial men in the North, upon the Brit-
ish market, necessarily superinduces a desire for peace on
their part, while it gives this country a large amount of
CONTROL OVI--R THF. PUBLIC DECISIONS Ol tllOSeDOdieS The
ultra republicans of the States do not relish this control.
They see that it interposes a BARRIER AGAINST THE
WORKING OUT OF THEIR DEMOCRATiCAL PRINCI-
PLES."
It will be seen by these extracts that the London
brokers had the advantage of the American democ-
racy. They knew precisely by what rule of arith-
metic to calculate if General Harrison should suc-
ceed in his election. If his election was secured,
they could calculate their bank and state stocks by
multiplication; but if Mr. Van Buren should succeed,
the rule of subtraction would apply.
This expose will show who the British party is in
this country, and what the reciprocity of feeling is
between the monopolists and money-mongers of this
country and those of the same herd of Great Brit-
ain; and there is no American who is not tainted
and corrupted with British principles and British
attachments, who will not burn with indignation at
British rejoicings over the downfall of the democratic
party and democratic institutions. But I hold in
my hand a material evidence of the haughty pride
of that party who set themselves up as a privileged
and superior order; and all those high-toned federal
measures which the democracy have so gallantly and
so successfully opposed heretofore, are calculated
and intended to enable them to maintain a position
which will be claimcd as aristociatic, and boasted of
as such.
I hold in my hand one of the gorgeous banners
under which the federalists marched in 1840. Here
it is; a description is unnecessary:
"WE STOOP TO CONQUER."
We stoop to conquer!!!
Mr. Chairman, every word of this scroll is big
with moaning and fearful admonition; and there is no
man can see it without reading its full meaning; and
comment is really unnecessary, but I cannot forbear
making a few inquiries and exposes. I begin with the
word "WE." Who are WE? That is an important
question, who are WE? The answer will be found ill
the efforts of those who, at the formation of our gov-
ernment, were opposed to a demociatic form, and
who predicted its downfall in less than half a centu-
ry; who boldly maintained that the common people
wanted the intelligence, stability, independence and
patriotism indispensable for self-government. "The
rich and the. better born should govern," and it is they who
set themselves up for WE! and it is they who repre-
sent themselves on this banner as stooping to conquer.
Why, sir, our declaration of independence, consti-
tution, and the whole frame of our government recog-
nise, in their letter and ill their spirit, the universal
principles of equality. Who would have thought
that, even during the life of a remnant of the revolu-
tionary fathers, who only live to link the living with
the dead, we would have an upstart aristocra-
cy that dare to designate themselves by the impos-
ing name of WE"! and an upstart arristoracy,
too, who, presuming upon the ignorance and
stupidity of those to whom they deny the qualifica-
tion of self-government, insult them by not only a
name that claims for themselves superiority;
but also pronouncing inferiority and contempt
upon those whom they stoop to conquer. Is there
ail American citizen proud of his country, and
proud of his free and equal institutions, who will
not hold in contempt and scorn the vile wretch
who would either attempt, or tolerate the attempt, to
establish an order in this country, who should desig-
nate themselves from the great body of American
citizes by the title of WE, or any other title. There
is no man in whose veins courses a drop of the rev-
olutionary blood that purchased our emancipation, or
whose heart beats in gratitude for the services of
the living, and the memory of those who broke the
chains,and unrivetedthe shackels that bound ustoa
British throne and a foreign despotism, who will not
in the spirit of deep concern and heartfelt emotion,
inquire—
Was it for this that'our gallant ancestors "lighted
the beacon of rebellion that unfurled by Us blaze the tri-
umphant banner of liberty?" , .
Was it for this that they pledged their lives, their
fortunes, and their sacred honor?
Was it for this that they endured all the toils,
perils, dangers, and deprivations of a seven years'
war with the mistress of kingdoms and the masters,
of empires. .
Was it for this that the Almighty's shield waa
thrown over him whose portrait adorns this hall,
and by which his person was secured from a thou-
sand deaths, to save and redeem his country?
Was it for this that De Kalb left his German
home, and his fathers' graves, to shed his blood on
the soil he redeemed? ,.
Was it for this that Pulaski left his bleeding coun-
try in the hands of a tyrant that he could not sub-
due, to surrender his life on the plains of Savannah?
Was it for this that Kosciusco, too, unable to re-
deem his country, fled the tyrant to seek a land
where freedom could reward his gallantry, gratitude
his patriotism, and equality his toils?
Was it for this that the gallant Lafayette deserted
the blushing vine-hills of his native France, the
young wife of his bosom, an association of kings
and nobles that owned him for an equal, to sink a
fortune and shed his blood at a time when darkness
and dismay overhung, as the black curtain of mid-
night, every prospect of the revolution, to crusade
for freedom and equality in a land that knew him not'
Was it for this that Barron Steuben turned his
back upon the land that gave him birth, to bare his
bosom at Monmouth and York?
Was it for this that Montgomery poured out his
last life's drop on the plains of Abraham before the
walls of Quebec? Oh, no; it was not. It was that
there might be one spot on the face of the earth
where human equality might have a sure and un-
disturbed abode for all time. It was that there might
be one spot on the face of the earth where man
might be permitted to walk erect, carry in him a re-
sponsible soul, and bear in his countenance the
image of his Maker. Oh' sir, were the dead per-
mitted to admonish the living, the gallant spirits of
all who fell either in our glorious revolution, or have
since sunk under the afflictions of wounds or weigh t
of years would marshal themselves here, and with
tongues louder than seven trumpets, denounce those
who would overthrow the free and equal institutions
erected by their toil, their blood, and their lives.
But who are this rag-baron aristocracy, who style
themselves "WE !" and thus stoop to conquer1 They
are the bankers, monopolists, loafers, gamblers, and
black-lco-s, wolves who lap the blood of honest toil
and eat the bread they never earned,—(I except the
honest who are deceived)—men, who, like the hiy
of the valley "toil not, neither do they spin; yet Solo-
mon, in all his glory, was not arrayed like one of
these." The answer will be found in the fact, that
when all the coxcombs, all the fops, all the dandies,
all the loafers, all the drones, ana all the loungers,
as well as those who live by their wits and their
cunning, without honest means, shall be assembled,
ninety-nine m each hundred of each class of the
entire herd will be found to be "WE;" and the
object which governs "WE" in all their political
movements, is that system of policy which will
make hewers of wood and drawers of water of the
many to the few.
"WE stoop to conquer!"'
WE stoop—where do WE sloop from? Why, I
suppose from that situation which "our better birth and
wealthier condition''' place us. And what is meant by
stooping? Political stooping means to condescend to
nungle 111 drunken orgies, and march in procession
with those whom "WE" intend to deceive, particu-
larly just befoic an election,—and, m order the more
completely to gull them, "WE" will even condescend
to drink hard-cider with them out of a gourd, ride in
log-cabins with them, eat corn dodgers and sing of
Tippecanoe and Tyler too, or of Clay and Freling-
huysen, as the case may be.
" irsloop to conquer." What do WE stoop to
conquer? It is not a foreign enemy that WE stoop to
conquer. When, in the revolution, every patriot and
every lover of liberty, and every friend of colonial
emancipation was at his post, uniting with the sign-
ers of the declaration of American independence,
staking life, fortune, and reputation in the glorious
cause of freedom, many of WE were on the other
side. WE were on the side of the Hessians; and
when our country was invaded, and a second Strug-
