May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
gle to maintain our independence called every patriot
to stand by his country, WE were among the miss-
ing; WE were again on the side of the Hessians; and,
sir, add to the collection I have before supposed,
all the surviving tories of the revolution, and all the
surviving tories of our last war, and ninety-nine in
a hundred of them will be found in the ranks of WE;
and when, in conformity with one universal shout
of approbation, wide as this Union, from every
patriot in it, the people's representatives (the
democratic party) passed an act to refund an
unjust and rascally fine imposed upon General Jack-
son, by a British tory judge, for defending his coun-
try, WE were opposed to the measure. Some of
WE voted for it, because WE dare not do otherwise;
but it. was the most nauseous dose ever WE had to
swallow. But some of WE voted against it, while
others of WE skulked and did not vote at all. So it
ever has been when a political question or measure
thas interested this country, which had a British
side to it, WE have been on the British side.
Who is it, then, " WE stoop to conquer?" It is an
enemy more obnoxious to WE than those who fired
our borders, desolated our frontier, murdered indis-
criminately men, women, and children, in our last
war. It is the democracy UWE stoop to conquer?'
and in order that the democracy may stay conquer-
ed, " WE stoop to conquer" the democratic institutions
of this country. The spoils of political victory are
the offices; but a temporary victory over the democ-
racy will secure the spoils but for a short or a limit-
ed time; but a victory over the principles of de-
mocracy, over the democratic institutions of the
country, and the establishment of federal measures,
privileged orders, and systems of monopoly, will
keep the democracy conquered. It is for these " WE
stoop to conquerSir, I wish it were in my power
to present this infamous flag to the view of every
democrat and every lover of human liberty and hu-
man equality in this wide-spread republic. 1 know
it would spread patriotic indignation far a d wide.
A frown of contempt and repulsion for modern
whigery would rest on the brow of every man
who has a heart for his country.
Sir, not having power to express my contempt in
terms sufficiently strong in prose, and being deficient
in poetical poweis, 1 beg to introduce a few stanzas
with some alterations. I think them applicable.
I would give the author full credit by naming him
if I knew him:
THE DEMOCRAT'S REBUKE.
"WE stoop to conquer! cursed the thought—
The lip that spoke—the hand that penn'd it;
Our country never shall be bought,
Nor conquered, while we can defend it.
As braves the storm the mountain rock,
As cleaves the cloud the eagle's pinion,
We'll meet oppression's battle shock,
And triumph o'er corruption's minion.
WE stoop to conquer! Who are WE7
That from OUR mountain height descending,
Break fashion's cobweb banieis thiough,
And with the sons of freemen blending,
With golden bribe and treacherous smile,
Sow the vile seeds of rank pollution,
And with OUR leptile s>lime defile,
The temple of our constitution?
WE stoop to conquer! Stoop from what?
High pinnacles or lofty stations?
What proud pre-eminent is that,
Whence WE descend to eonquei nations?
Poor nurselings of the federal stve,
Fed on the husks of aristocracy,
WE guail m fear beneath the eye*
Of nature's tiue and tried democracy.
WE stoop to conquer! "Whom? the free
Inheritors of glory's banner,
Who never yet have bow'd the knee.
Nor sung oppression's loud hosannah—
Children ol sires whose valor tore
From tyrant brows the diadem,
And m the march of nation's lore
The first proud trophy won from them?
WE stoop to conquer! May the name
Of him who bore that banner, linger
Forever on the roll of shame,
A mark for scorn's unmoving finger!
May they who hailed that banner when
its dark tolds to the au u eie given,
Traitors alike to God and men,
From freedom's home in scorn be drive*.
Back to your dens, poor drivelling fools—
Born m corruption's darkest regions,
Fit only lo-r the servile tools
Ol tyid-nny's accursed legions;
The health ol freemen, while the) keep
Watch o'er the rights their sires bequeath them,
Shall blast with curses, loud and deep,
The words you've breathed, and hps that breathed
them.
My banners have led me astray; but, while on the
subject, I will exhibit one more. It is the banner of
Aaron's rod, and is inscribed:
W. H. HARRISON THE ROD OF AARON AMONG TIIE
MAGICIANS (DEMOCRACY.)
This is one of the banners under which whigery
marched, and which was displayed in all the coon
gatherings in 1840, and probably will be in the com-
ing political contest.
Sir, if the democratic party were as reckless in mor-
rals, and as regardless of the precepts of the Christian
religion as the federalists, they could display a ban-
ner drawn from Holy Writ more applicable and
more potent than this. That banner would be a
representation of our Saviour scourging the corrupt
money-changers and fraudulent bankers from the
temple of liberty. We could also demonstrate the
divine vengeance which has been visited upon the
workers of the iniquities of 1844, and the same
vengeance which most assuredly will again over-
take them from like iniquities, by illustrations
drawn from Holy Writ. The motives which gov-
erned Scnnccharib were not more unworthy, nor
more at war with the principles of justice and the
equal rights of mankind, than were the motives and
designs of the federal party in 1840; nor were his
boasting, empty, haughty, and vain gasconades after
his victories than were -those of the federalists
in 1840, after their victory; and yet, to teach that
proudjand haughty monarch that he had a master
who held his destinies and his life in His hand, the
Almighty took him in hand in his proudest moments.
At the time that he fancied himself already possess-
ed of Jerusalem, at a single blast He dispersed all his
proud and lofty hopes, sent His angel of death and
smote a hundred and four score thousand of his
choicest troops in one night; put a hook in his nose,
and a bridle in his lips, as though he had been a wild
beast, and led him back to his own dominions,
eovered with shame and infamy, through the midst
of those nations who, but a little before, had beheld
him in all his pride and haughtiness. So it was with
Nebuchadnezzar, who, with all his selfish wisdom,
was but a rod in the hand of the Almighty to chastise
Tyre and Jerusalem. When on his march to besiege
those cities, he was not even permitted to choose
which he should first attack; and when he had ex-
ecuted the divine will, of which he was but an in-
strument, he arrogated to himself the wisdom and
power by whi'ch he had desolated those cities, and
made captives and slaves of their inmates; and when
he was proudly contemplating the ornaments and
grandeur which he was to add to Babylon, by the
spoils of victory, all to immoralize himself, to grat-
ify his thrist for glory, and to perpetuate his name
and his fame, that was the moment the Almighty
chose to humble that ambitious monarch; at a mo-
ment, too, when he was surrounded by his court
and officers, each trying to excel in flattering the
deeds, power, glory, and omnipotence of the mon-
arch. Then it was that a voice, terrible as an earth-
quake, from a source unseen, pronounces his sen-
tence, declares to him that his kingdom had departed
from him, that he should be driven from men, and
that his dwelling should be with the beasts of the
field. The sentence was executed. lie ate grass as a
beast; his nails became as the nails of a beast; and
his hair as the feathers of an eagle. Divine inter-
position at that day was not more manifest than it
has been throughout this administration. How
easy, sir, would it be for us, were we profane enough,
to display on banners those divine interpositions
and divine chastisements. We could also display
another banner, before which you should wilt and
wither. That banner would display your blasphe-
my in the mock administration of the Lord's supper;
in your drunken carousals, in some of which, it is
said, you substituted, for the representatives of
the blood and body of our Savior, parched
corn and hard cider. But it is not our mode of
electioneering; we are above it; dignity of purpose,
as well as regard for morality and the sacred admoni-
tions of holy writ, will prevent us from such profane
demonstrations. Wo shall march to ceitam victory;
but we will display at the head of our columns but
one banner: that will be the American stripes and
stars, with the simple inscription of "all for principle
and nothing jor men."
Mr. Chairman, to man there is no greater mys-
tery than man. There is nothing which it is our
right and our duty to know that we are more igno-
rant of than ourselves. The motives which gov-
ern us, the reasons of our action, and the impulses
which impel and hurry us, are frequently myste-
rious to us. We are frequently the subjects of hope,
of fear, of excitement, of anger, and of despair;
and, under those infloences, reason is sometimes:
dethroned, when no one can give an account of the
causes which operate upon us; and all this, too, as
well in a national or collective as in an individual
sense—as well in a mental as in a physical sense.
There have been many instances of large armies,
consisting of six or seven hundred thousand men,
who have proved invincible wherever they marched,
under circumstances the most perilous, and hard-
ships the most discouraging. I say there have
been instances of such armies having been sud-
denly seized with universal panic, and put to rout
in terror, shame, and confusion, when there was
nothing serious seemed to await them. Diseases of
body and diseases of mind have each, in their turn,
periodically overspread the earth, when no human
sagacity could account for the cause. No visible
agency was in reach of human understanding. The
human mind is liable to be disordered, independent
of any agency of the body; and mental disorders
of this character seem to be contagious, or to be
communicated by sympathy, and sometimes will
overspread a country. Such was the case ia
1840. Political mania seized a large por-
tion of the people of this country. All classes
of society were alike its subjects. No age,
no sex, no condition in life, no occupation or
profession, were exempt—men, women, and chil-
dren were seized with it. Under the influence
of that mania, political dismay and- confusion
seemed to overshadow every prospect of human de-
sire, and those measures of national policy under
and by which our country grew in greatness as if by
magic, presented nothing to the imagination but
calamity and desolation. The ordinary pursuits
and avocations of life, were forsaken. The matron
whose life, to advanced age, had been devoted to
her domestic duties and the faithful and assiduous
eare of her family, gave up all; and, with a reckless
phrenzy, marched with crowds to distant parts to
join other crowds from distant parts.
Maidens, whose whole education, and wliose.pa-
rental examples had taught them to be seen only ire
the presence of their parents, reckless of all that be-
longed to their station and their high breeding, dash-
ed forth from the retreat of modesty, mingled in „
crowds of thousands, and took part in all the sense-
less and disgraceful displays common to the bacha-
nalian carousals and drunken orgies of that corrupt
time. The lady and the drudge, the blackguard
and the gentleman, the chambermaid and the "in-
mate of the brothel and the dogery," were all min-
gled in the same crowd—ate together, diank hard-
cider and sang songs together, each wearing a badge
as the acknowledgment of his principles, or rather
as the evidence of his derangement. I think I may
be permitted to close this description by a quotation
from Alex. Pope, who, if he had lived in 1840,,
would have again sung:
'■Unnumbered throngs on every side are seen,
Of bodies changed by \ orious forms of spleen.
Here living tea-pots stand, one arm held out,
One bent the handle this, and that the. spout.
A pipkw there, like Homer's tripod walks;
Here sighs a jar, and there a goose-pie talks.
Men prove with child, as powerful fancy works;
And maids, turned bottles, cry aloud for corks.'
I have been furnished with several of the whig
badges of 1840, with a request that I should record
them, for future use, in a speech. 1 will have space
but for one. I received it from a democratic lady,
who had made it a part of her cabinet of curiosities.
Here it is. It is aTippecanoe apron, and was worn,
by the ladies at the great whig gatherings and
hard-cider carousals, and, of itself, goes far to prove
the political mania which pervaded the country at
Siat time. It is inscribed
"CAN'T GO IT VAN—GO IT TIP COME IT TV—POS-
SUM CP A GUM STUMP, COONY IN A HOLLOW.''
As might be expected, owing to the prostrate
condition of morals that followed or accompanied the
political mania of 1840, and the disgusting
scenes consequent thereupon, there were many an-
ecdotes occurred; some of which are fit to be told,
and some not. I am assured of the tiuth of one
which it may not be offensive to relate. The town
of Dayton, in Ohio, was a place celebrated for those
large whig gatherings; the town is in the centre of a
strono- whig region, and is a knd of nucleus of
whigery. At one of those great gatherings m the
aforesaid town, at which Mr. Clay was present—and
at a given hour was to address the multitude—a
stand 'was occupied; the centre seats were prepared
around, and next to, the stand for the ladies; when
