620
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Belser.
May, 1844.
tt. of Reps.
Mr. Clay arose to speak, there was a rash by the
men from the outside, towards the stand. A gen-
tleman who stood near the ladies alarmed for them,
called out at the top of his voice, gentlemen, stand
back for God^s sake, stand back, you are squeezing the
ladies! upon which a lady responded at the top oi
her voice, oh! never itiind, sir, never mind, sir, don't
be alarmed, sir, we love to be squeezed.
Sir, I have introduced these flags as well for the
purpose of exposing the follies, flummeries, and
frauds of the whigs of 1840, as for the purpose of
perpetuating an ocular demonstration of them for
future tise and future history. I think they will
serve as admonitions to those who may hereafter be
disposed to presume upon the ignorance of the
people, and may teach the unprincipled demagogue
that his fraudulent desires will serve but to bring
contempt and indignation upon his own head.
Mr. Chairman, my time admonishesme that I must
look more to the conclusion of my remarks than
to systematic order of debate; and could my conclusion
be m the shape of an appeal to the democracy
of this Union, face to face, it would be to say to
them that they are now engaged in one of the most
important political contests that ever agitated this
country—a contest which involves every principle
for and against which they have so nobly and so
•successfully contended for half a century. I would
appeal to them, as they hold sacred the principles
of democracy, and the free institutions which main-
tain and sustain them as freemen above beasts of
burden and slaves of despotism, to rally this time
to the standard of democracy and the flag of their
country. I would appeal to them, as they abhor
and fear all those high-toned federal measures which
have for their object, and will assuredly effect what
it is the nature of aristocracy to accomplish—a high
and a low, a rich and a poor, a dependent and inde-
pendent, and a noble ana an ignoble order of society,
to rally to the polls on that day, which is the day of
freemen—a day which, of all others, is the most
sacred to freemen—a day appointed by our laws
and constition, for the exercise of that franchise
which none but the American freeman can boast—
a franchise for which the toils, blood, and treasure
of a seven years' revolution were devoted, and a
franchise of which he alone is worthy who will
maintain it at as great a sacrifice. Democrats ! high
hopes are before you; now is the time to revenge
the frauds by which you were cheated out of the
man of your choice; the thousand false promises
which were made to deceive and did deceive; the
ten thousand frauds, falsehoods and slanders which
were propagated will recoil upon the heads of the
unprincipled demagogue, whose guilt and infamy
will be only out-lived by the memory of their opea
and wilful violation.
The reckless charges of extravagance made upofi
the last administration have been realized by this
administration; which, for the time of its existence,
has been nearly doubled. That vile harlot which
now rots and stinks and stinks and rots m the
streets of Philadelphia, by the bounty of whose cor-
rupt means demagogues were hired and scoundiels
weie pampered, presses were bought like, sheep
in the shambles, and editors trafficcd as cattle in
the market, is no longer a machine of federalism
The corrupt and corrupting hanking institutions,
whose avocation is swindling, and who, upon their
suspended debts, lavished their millions to pollute
the ballot-box, have lost their power, and but hv£ in
contempt or exist in disgraceful memory. What
democrat, then, will doubt of success in the coming
contest. Action, harmony, and union, are all that is
wanting to insure a glorious triumph. A love for
democratic pnnciples, free institutions and equal
lights, coupled with uncompromising hatred for
federal measures and aristocratic institutions, will
secure these. I-Iarmony and action, I say once
more, democrats, and you will gain a victory the
reward of which will be the restoration of those
principles and free institutions for which your
fathers bled, and the preservation of which you owe
to tMeir memory, your own safety, and to those who
are to come after you, to whom you are bound to
transmit them unsullied, as they came to you.
SPEECH OF MR. BELSER,
OF ALABAMA.
/ .' the House of Representatives, May 21, 1844.—On
the annexation of Texas to the United States.
Mr. BELSER having obtained the floor, read to
the House the amendment to the navy appropria-
tion bill, as proposed in Committee of the Whole ou
the state of the Union, by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hunt.]
"Piomded, That no more than One half Of tlie monevs ap-
propriated by this act shall bo expended in the naval ser-
vice, or drawn from the treasury, previous to the 1st day of
January, 1S45. excepting the sums appropriated for improve-
ments and necessary repairs of navy yards."
Mr. B. said, that he could not but believe that
this amendment was intended to reach the Texas
treaty, by withholding from the proper authority,
until the first day of January, 1845, those means
which might be found necessary to carry it out suc-
cessfully. The executive, in the federal constitution,
has the power, "by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds
of the senators present concur," and he is also, in
the same instrument, declared to be "commander of
the army and navy of the United States." He has
negotiated a treaty with Texas; that treaty is now
before the Senate for ratification; and having been
advised by Mexico, that whenever such a treaty
was consummated, she would declare war against
this government, he, by way of precaution, has or-
dered a portion of our naval force into the Gulf of
Mexico, and a portion of our army to the Sabine,
and, for doing this, he has been unsparingly denounc-
ed on this floor. One honorable gentleman has
proclaimed that he deserves impeachment, while
another, a little more tolerant, is for taking the
revenue of the country from his control. He had
read the papers relating to this branch of the sub-
ject with care; saw in them nothing but what was
confirmed by usage; and thought that the execu
tive had acted with great prudence, in endeavoring
to place the country in a condition to maintain its
honor, in case necessity should demand vigorous
action. No man who has examined the constitu-
tion can for a moment dispute the power of the exec-
utive to order the navy into the Gulf of Mexico,
or the army to the Sabine. He certainly has such
authority, and can exercise it, in order to protect the
country from anticipated invasion, without declaring
war against Mexico. So far from his acting arbitrarily
in the matter, he has instructed those in command of
the navy and army, which he has sent into service, to
inform him promptly of any invasion by a foreign
power, that Congress may be immediately consulted
for the remedy to be used in such an emergency.
Does this look like an assumption of power on the
]iart of the executive? Surely not. He has nego-
tiated a treaty with Texas. Those who object to it
say that its ratification by this government will be
a good cause for war on the part of Mexico. If they
are right, then is the executive bound, by every ob-
ligation, to prepare for it; and if Mexico becomes the
aggressor, let the responsibility of the undertaking
lest with her. The true American policy is to be
prepared for every crisis; and any executive who
will sleep on his post when there is danger to be
apprehended, would be denounced by an indignant
and betrayed people. He fully approved of the
course of the executive in making the treaty, and
his exertions to sustain it; and he condemned with-
out measure the remark of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Morse,] when he said that "the only
notice which history would record of him (the ex-
ecutive) was like that which it preserved of the
burner of the Ephesian dome." He considered the
executive in the light of a persecuted patriot; and
as to the verdict of posterity in regaid to him, he
believed that it would be just the reverse of the gen-
tleman's prediction. Yes; when the history of his
administration shall be fairly written out, the impar-
tial narrator will fearlessly say, Here was an ex-
ecutive without a party, who has been able to ne-
gotiate a number of important treaties. Here was a
statesman who set his face against a moneyed mo-
nopoly, and who, regardless of party malignity, has
pursued the even tenor of his way, with an eye di-
rected to the public welfare, and who is richly en-
titled to the welcome plaudit of'well done, good and
faithful servant.' "
But the executive is not alone in this wholesale
denunciation. The honorable Secretary of State
(Mr. Calhoun) comes in for a full share of it. He
is attacked on account of his slavery opinions, and
because of his inferences in favor of the institutions
of the South, founded oil the census returns. It is
not to be wondered that the honorable Secretary
should thus be struck at. The honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] commenced
it in this hall a few weeks ago. He is a man of
quick perception—a prominent member of the mis-
called "liberty party;" and when he read the reply
of the secretary to Lord Aberdeen, he at once per-
ceived that it established the fact that, upon every
principle of humanity, the slaves of the South were
m a better condition than the free blacks of the
North, or the paupers of Europe. This informa-
tion, furnished the British diplomatist through the
American secretary, was calculated to prostrate ths
foundation on which fanaticism expected to rear up
its present and future superstructure.
He could tell honorable gentlemen that the Secre-
tary Was above their shafts; the world had fixed his
character, and politicians cannot change that decree.
His history, is the history of his country. His
name, for the last thirty years, is identified with
every great and noble measure that this Union can
boast of; and the only thing that his rivals can say
to him, is, "San, I hate thy beams."
Sir, we have been gravely asked by the honorable
gentleman from from Pennsylvania,[Mr. J.R. Inger-
soll,] whether we had read Mr. Benton's speech on
the subject of Texas, as published in this day's*
Globe? He for one, answered in the affirmative;
and he would say to the gentleman, that speech
wa# not only against the whole life of its author,
but that it was in opposition to his previous opinions.
He admitted its ability, but still contended that it
was incorrect in many of its inferences; not sus-
tained by the law of nations; and that it never could
receive the sanction of the American people. Some
of the positions assumed in it were so untenable,
that the honorable senator, and all who agreed with
him, would yet be driven from them.
In the discussion of a subject of such vital conse-
quence as the one of annexing Texas to this Union,
it would be his, (Mr. B's.) object to avoid everything
like party warmth. He should, however, be com-
pelled to allude to parties to understand the true po-
sition of the question before the country. It was, in
his opinion, a matter that should rise above all self-
ish considerations—one entitled to the greatest de-
liberation. He would endeavor to discuss it before
the House, in the following order:
1st. The opinions entertained by the different
parties in the United States, in regard to the ques-
tion, giving briefly their separate views.
2d. The right which Texas has to the territory
embraced in her treaty with the United States.
3d. The right which Texas has, by virtue of the
law of nations, to ask to become a part of the United
States.
4th. The right which the United States has, by
the constitution, and under the law of nations, to
receive her into the Union.
5th. The reasons why the United States should
rcceivc her without delay.
6th. The advantages to be derived from the con-
nection.
There is a party in the United States, who con-
tend that it is unconstitutional to annex new terri-
tory to this government; that if it was constitutional,
it is inexpedient to do so; that two of the great ob-
jects set forth in the preamble in the federal con-
stitution, are to establish justice, and to secure
the blessings of liberty in the land, and that,
with justice and liberty, slavery is incompa,tible;
that when the District of Columbia, the Territory of
Louisiana, and the Territory of Florida, became
the property of the Union, then slavery ceased
constitutionally to exist within their limits, and that
the same result would follow the annexation of
Texas to this government.—See Mr. Birneifs letter of
H8th February, ./I. D. 1844.
There is a second party, who say that, to admit
Texas at this time into the Union, would be viola-
tive of our obligations to Mexico; that it would
most probably involve us in a war with that nation,
and perhaps with Great Britain; that they are
against receiving it whilst a respectable portion of
the people are opposed to the measure; that they
have no reason to apprehend British interference in
the internal conceins of Texas; and that, if let
alone, in the course of time a Canadian republic
would likely spring up in the North, and a Texian
republic in the South; and that, influenced by our
bright example, they would soon vie with us in the
race for representative freedom.—See J\Ir. Clay's let-
ter, dated at Raleigh, .Ipril 17, 1844.
There is a third party, who admit that the annex-
ation of Texas is a favorite object with them, but,
at the same time, think that our relations with Mex-
ico, and hers with Texas, will not warrant the im-
mediate union of Texas to this government, with-
out the consent, of Mexico; that Texas isagovern-
ment de facto, and not a government de jure; that
with the assent of Mexico, they are ready for the
annexation, or, under a change of circumstances, or
