CONGRESSIONAL GLOfifi.
rpapers. It had been discussed in periodical publi-
cations. It had been presented by the State legis-
latures to the attention of Congress, by memorial;
and, in the year 1842, in consequence of the memo-
,'rials sent to Congress at that time, a report was
.made in the House of Representatives, by a gentle-
tleman from New York, (on the 10th of August,)
in favor of surveying the harbor of Memphis—that
being designated at the time as being a proper site
for such a purpose. The attention of the West
_was drawn to this. It was a matter in which the
public generally took an interest, and which had at-
tracted the notice of Congress. In this state of
things the report was made, to which he had re-
ferred, upon which a bill was based; and which
bill passed the House of Representatives on the
24th of August of that year. That would have
been the period, one would have naturally supposed,
if there had been any doubt in relation to this mat-
ter, for directing this special survey. Was that
done? Was there a voice raised at that time against
the proposition to survey specifically this spot,
conceived by all members from the State of Mis-
sissippi to be the proper place for the location of
this depot? The bill passed the House of Repre-
sentatives withscarcely any opposition. He be-
lieved it would be seen by a reference to the jour-
nal, that the yeas and nays were not called. On its
.passage through the House it was introduced
to the Senate; but at so late a period that
it was impracticable to act upon it. It was
passed by the House on the 24th of August
1842, and was brought into the Senate on the nex,
day. By some mistake, it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. The committee discovered
the mistake, and asked, next day, to be discharged
■from the further consideration of the subject. It
was then referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. Congress adjourned on Wednesday, the .list
of the same month; and in the press of business be-
fore it, so near the termination of the session, had
not time to examine into the subject. The conse-
quence was, there was no action upon it. What
followed? In the succeeding year, (at the ensuing
session of Congress,) this matter was again agitated
in the House of Representatives; memorials were
presented; and a bill passed the House authorizing
the survey of this specific spot. The bill passed the
House of Representatives, and was brought to the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on N&val Af-
fairs; and he (ftfjr. 13,) recollected himself being at
the pains of inquiring whether there would be any
doubt in regard to the propriety of founding a de-
pot at that spot, ana whether the advantages
of that location were not so superior that
it was needless to direct a survey of
pny other spot? He remembered perfectly well
•that his friend from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
had had some misgivings as to whether this site
should be selected; but after reflecting upon the mat-
ter, and hearing the opinions af gentlemen who had
Jived there, he changed his mind; and the bill passed
the Senate without the slightest opposition. It was
the general sentiment, that if a depot was to be es-
tablished on the Mississippi river at all, Memphis
was the proper location. Accordingly, a bill was
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs to
the Senate; and it passed mto a law. That bill ap-
propriated the sum of $3,000 for the purpose of an
examination and survey of the harbor of Memphis,
in the State of Tennessee, to ascertain the advan-
tages of that place for a naval depot. In May of
the same year, the Secretary of the Navy, acting
under the authority of this bill, appointed a co?r -
jnifesion for the purpose of making the survey. It
■Was made; and the report of (hat commission
(which consisted of a captain, commander, and
lieutenant, in the naval service of the United States
—very able men, all of them) had been communi-
cated to the Senate.
It was upon the evidences of that report that me-
morials from Arkansas, (which might be considered
as a disinterested State,) Tennessee, Mississippi,
and Louisiana—showing the general sense of the
West—were sent to Congress; and a bill was intro-
duced simultaneously in the House of Representa-
tives and the Senate. That introduced in the House
Jiad been referred to the appropriate committee,
which, in its subsequent' report, proposed to strike
p'ut the original bill, and insert a substitute; and it
was still pending before that body.
The history of the previous action of Congress
upon this subject brought us down to the question
as to the propriety of postponing any legislative ac-
tion upon this bill. Why should the Senate—after
this matter had been debated and discussed here,
not once, but over and over again, in the presence
of gentlemen representing all the places at which it
was proposed to establish the depot—all concurriug
that such a work was necessary,—delay further ac-
tion upon it? If it were true that Memphis was the
proper spot for the construction of a depot—and the
report showed conclusively that it was—why not
carry the work into execution without delay?
Upon the subject of this site, he had a memorial
from the general assembly of Tennessee, in which
he found the following passage:
In reference to this well-situated arid flourishing young
city of the West, your memorialists will do but little more
than express their entire conviction that it is a point which
embraces moxe of the advantages of locality— more central
in position, as to population, territory, and products—more
the spot of preference, as far as public expression has been
made, than any other point in the West. It is the highest
point on the Mississippi river that is at all times unob-
structed by ice, and from which navigation south can al-
ways be safely depended on in low water. It is situated on
a high and commanding bluft, supported by a vast and fer-
tile back country; is below the mouths of th« Ohio, the
Cumberland, and Tennessee rivers, and in the midst of one
of the finest regions of timber in the world.
* * * * * *
But other circumstances still more strongly recommend
Memphis for its advantages in a national point of view, it
is in the interior, eight hundred miles from the mouth of the
great Mississippi, with undoubted navigation at all times
for the largest vessels It is at a point far enough south not
to be disturbed in winter by ice, and far enough north to be
saved in summer from the peculiar diseases of the South.
Jt is far enough in the interior to be protected from surprise
by a sudden assault from a hostile fleet; and, by the appli-
cation of steam, is near enough the seaboard to bring its
preparations for defence arid aitack to bear upon the ocean
m any and every emergency. It is below the mouths of all
but two of the great tributaries of the Mississippi, where
the greatest number of efficient volunteers, and the greatest
amount of provisions and munitions of war can be thrown
in the least possible time, and at the least possible expense.
At no point can all the materials for building steamers and
other vessels, and subsistence and supplies of every de-
scription, be concentrated so rapidly and at so smafl ex-
pense. A distinguished officer of the navy,'in writing of
the advantages of Memphis in this point of view, says:
"Instead of carrying the live oak from Louisiana to New
York or Boston for building steamers, as we now do, it could
then be carried, at half the cost, and only one-sixth the dis-
tance, to Memphis. A national dock-yard there would open
a market for the hemp of Kentucky, the coal of Pennsylva-
nia, the pork of Ohio, the beef of Illinois, the /lour of Mich-
igan, the copper of Iowa, the lead of Missouri, and for the
iron, the mechanical skill, and agricultural products of all
these States."
The memorial from the State of Arkansas, was to
the same effect. The State of Mississippi origi-
nally selected this point, aS best suited for the loca-
tion of a depot. • It was true she had since rescinded
her resolutions; and instructed her reppesentatives
and senators to propose Natchez; but if Natchez
should not be chosen as the spot, that they should
vote for Memphis—that being their second choice.
There were, also, memorials from Tennessee,
from Mississippi, and Arkansas; and a memorial from
the legislature of Kentucky, asking that an estab-
lishment shfmld be made somewhere in that State
for the use of the navy of the United States. There was
a memorial from the general assembly of Missou-
ri, asking that an agency should be established in the
West, for the cultivation and manufacture of water-
rotted hemp. The general sense of the West was,
that there should be a national establishment of this
kind somewhere on the Mississippi river, ^"iiich
should be responsive to the prayer of these different
memorials.
In regard to the capacities, of Memphis for this
work, he apprehended that there had been an entire
mistake in the discussion of this matter, as to what
was intended to be done, or what would be proper
to be done.
It was proposed that Memphis should be a place
of construction and repair. The two subjects were
confounded. Memphis might be a place for the
construction of vessels; but it did not follow that it
should be a place for repairing vessels.
Besides, there was a vast amount of "workmanship
to be done in fitting vessels, that might be done at
Memphis, independent of the construction ofthem.
There were eh^in cables, tanks for water, caboose-
houses, steam engines, boilers, &c. All these were
things that might be executed there, as well as at any
other place. The workmen and material could be
obtained there, as well as elsewhere. Itgresented
great advantages in regard to the convenience of ob-
taining material for the construction of vessels of
iron, as well as of wood.
It was an entire misapprehension to confound the
constructing and repairing of vessels. They were
two different things- The repairing of vessels should
be done upon the seabpard. W? should be pre-
pared for this exigency on the spot, and at the mo-
ment when it was necessary. Depots of repair
should always be located at or near the ports> of de-
fence.
It seemed to him that the true mode in which the
Gulf of Mexico was to be defended was this—and
he would expend any amount of money that was
necessary for the purpose—at the entrance into
the gulf at Dry Tortugas, or Key West, there
should be permanent fortifications and a dock, and
that would be the proper place for a depot of re-
pairs. There should be a similar establishment at
Pensacola. In that position, control over all the
country could be had; and, since the fortification
must be put there, and since the repairs of the navy
must be done upon the seaboard, (because, in cer-
tain emergencies, it would be impracticable to run
up a distance of 800 miles, to Memphis, to have
the repairs done) vessels must be repaired at Pen-
sacola or Key West. These were the points for
supples and repairs.
He held in his hand a report which was made to
the Bureau of Engineers; and a very valuable and
able paper it was. In 1840 this report was made
on the defence of the coast, and the establishment of
a depot. He would read a few passages from it to the
Senate, which would present thp matter in a clear
point of view. It referred to the coast between
Passamaquody and the mouth of the Sabine, and it
was to that part he wished to call the,attention of
the Senate:
The first positions that present themselves, on doubling
around cape Florida into the Gulf of Mexico, are Key West
and the Dry Tortugas.
This board concur in the opinion heretofore expressed m
favor of these fine harbors; and they beg leave to refer for
very interesting statements, in relation to the latter harbor
especially, to a letter from Commodore Rodgersto the Sec-
retary of the Navy, July 3, 1829, (Senate document, 1st ses
sion, 21st Congress, vol 1, No. 1, page 236;) and letter from
the Secretary of the Navy, March 25, 1830, (Senate docu-
ments, 1st session 21st Congress, vol. 2, No. Ill, page 1 )
A naval force, designed to control the navigation of the
Gulf, could desire no better position than Key West or the
Tortugas Upon the very wayside of the only path through
the Gulf, it is, at the same time, well situated as to all the
great points therein. It overlooks Havana, Pensacola, Mo-
bile, the mouths of the Mississippi, and both the inlet and
the outlet of the Gulf.
This was the point at which the resources of the
nation could be gathered. It was the point at which
we were to protect the interest of the western
and southern commerce.
The Tortugas harbors, in particular, are satf to afford
perfect shelter for vessels of every class, with the greatest
facility of ingress and egress. And there can be no doubt
that an adversary in possession of large naval means would,
with great advantage, make these harbors his habitual re*
sort, and his point of general rendezvous and concentration
for all operations on this sea. With an enemy thus posted,
the navigation of the Gulf by us, would be imminently haz-
ardous, if not impossible, and nothing but absolute naval
superiority would avail any thing against him. Mere mil-
itary means could approach no nearer than the nearest
shore of the continent.
It should be recollected that this was the report of
a board of most eminent military engineers. It was
the report of the board of engineers, at the head of
which presided Colonel Totten, whose reputation
was of the highest character.
With y?gard to Pensocola these observations were
made:
Pensacola bay.—The tipper arms of this considerable bay
receive the_ Yellow-water or Pea river, Middle river, and
Escambia river. The tributaries of the last, interlocking
with the Alabama and the Chattahooclue, seem to mark the
routes whereby, at some future day, oanolq will convey &
part of the products of these rivers to Pensacola; while the
qualities and position of the harbor, and the favorable na-
ture of the country, have already marked out lines of raib
Boad with a vast interior region
He (Colonel Totten) then came down to New
Orleans and indicated the nature of the defences that
ought there to be established.
It would be perceived, then, that in a military
point of view, so far as the defence of the country,
and the commerce of the river Mississippi and of
the gulf of Mexico were concerned, it was the policy
of the United States to establish a deck for repairs
at Tortugas or Key West. It would be necessary
also to have constructed at Pensacola a naval depoi
and dock-yard for the purpose of repairs, as
contradistinguished from the construction of ves-
sels; because, on account of the climate, and the
difficulty of getting hands, the place of construction
should be at a more convenient and healthy point.
What was expected by the Senate? Did they ex-
pect to have vessels spnt in a complete state, from
the hands of the contractors, into their native ele-
ment, fitted for sea in every respect, armed at al!
points? Noj to was not to be done. At a very
