522
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Belser.
May, 1844.
H. of Reps.
See 11 th Moore's Reports, page 308; and 12th Moore's
Reports, page 59.
But the English decisions are far from being
harmonious on the subject of contracts with such
colonies. Thus, in one set of cases, it is said that
"any commercial intei course with a revolted colo-
ny, before its separate independence is acknowl-
edged, is illegal and void; because such dealing is
offensive to the principal state to which it belonged,
and will not be given effeet to by the court of chan-
cery, or any other court in Great Britain."—See 9th
Vesey's Reports, page 347; lsi Turner and Russell's Re-
ports, page 297, and 3d Bingham's Reports, page 319.
While, in other cases in the same courts, it has
been ruled that the mere fact of Great Britain hav-
ing, for a commercial purpose, sent a consul to a re-
volted colony of Spain, is not equivalent to a recog-
nition of its independence by that government.
See Simons's Reports, page 213.
These authorities plainly draw the distinction be-
tween sending a commercial agent, ex necessitate rei,
into a revolted colony before her independence has
been acknowledged by the parent state, and the mak-
ing of compacts with such revolted colony; and if
they prove anything, it is, that neither this govern-
ment nor Great Britain had the sanction of law,
when they acknowledged the independence of Texas,
and when they afterwards entered into treaties with
her.
The principle established in the case from Simons's
Reports, last quoted, and some American cases,
which he (Mr. B.) should hereafter bring to the no-
tice ofthe House, is, that the courts, in determining
on contracts with revolted colonies, will follow in the
wake of their own governments. Thus, says the
vice chancellor, (in the case from Simons's Reports,
just alluded to:) "In consequence of the arguments
in this case, I have had communications with the
Foreign Office, and I am authorized to state that the
Fedeial Republic of Central America, as an inde-
pendent government, by the government of this country,
has not been recognised." And because it had not
been recognised by Great Britain as independent,
he dismissed the bill and refused to enforce the con-
tract.
In the case of Rose vs. Himely, the case of an
American vessel, which, after trading with the bri-
gands of St. Domingo, sailed with a cargo, and was
afterwards captured by a French privateer, and sold
in Cuba, the chief justice observes, that "the relative
situation of St. Domingo and France must necessari-
ly be considered." He then proceeds to lay it down,
that—
'•St Domingo had declared herself independent of Fi-ance,
and was, by arras, asserting her sovereignty: a war, dejacto,
existed. Vattel, (said he,) who has been quoted to prove
that St. Domingo, having declared herself independent, and
so far maintained'it by arms, must he treated by other na-
tions as such, m fact, and entitled to maintain the same inter-
course with the world as is entertained by other belligerent
nations, addresses himself to sovereigns, not to courts It is
for governments to decide whether they will consider Sit.
Donungo as an independent nation, and until such decision
is mode, or France shall relinquish her claim, courts muM
consider the ancient state of things as remaining unaltered,
and the sovereign power of France as still subsisting."—[See
4th Cranch's Reports, page 272; See-id "Washington, G. C.
Reports, page 103 J
Again, Justice Baldwin, in a work entitled his
"Constitutional Views," page 29, says:
"A State, to be lice, must be exempt from all external
control, on a skparai k a>d kql'ai. stvi ion wn h ihk oih-
kb powp.rs o> thf kakih, within whose temtonal lim-
its no State or nation can have .my jurisdiction. This is
the essence of freedom, and, being fiee m the grant and ex-
ercise of legislative power at then pleasure, a Stale, and the
people thereof, mu&t have the absolute sovereignly, illimita-
ble save by the people themselves."
And in the same work, page 72, he states that-—
"In June 1776, there was not a colony m which an au-
fhonty under Great Britain was exercised, except m war-
iare, and when Gongiexs iesohed that allegiance was due
to the several colonies—that tieasonwas punishable m the
colon} wheie the act wa«. committed—and that the regula-
tion of trade was subject to the laws ofthe respecthe le-
gislatures,—it was tantamount to a declaration that they
were then independent, and luul, in tact, assumed iheh equal
station fitnnns; the powers oj tin' earth. '
After these English and American decisions, lie
would ask, how is it that honorable gentlemen sull
contend that Texas ought not to be annexed to this
government, without her independence being ac-
knowledged by Mexico? Has Texas declared her-
self independent of the parent country, and have
other nations recognised her sovereignty" Has she
the right to punish for treason? Is &he exempt from
external control, and is her government in success-
ful operation? Has she assumed uan equal stalion
among the nations of the earth," as did the American
colonies in 177G? If she has done these things,
then, according to Judge Baldwin's constitutional
views, before referred to, she is as free as America,
or any other nation on the globe.
Mr. B. further contended that, under the law of
nations, Texas is to be viewed as entirely independ-
ent of Mexico. Grotius declares that, by the con-
sent of nations, "things are said to be taken in toar
token they are so detained that the first owner has lost all
probable hopes of recovering them; and the enemy «ntsi
he understood to be driven out} at the time it is plainly
evident that they cannot return." (See Rights of War
and Peace, pages 96 and 157.)
And in the case of the llnited'States vs. Hay-
wood, the court say that—
"By the conquest and occupation of Gastine, that territory
passed under the allegiance and sovereignty of the enemy,
(Great Britain.) The sovereignty over the territory was of
course suspended, and the laws ol the United States could
no longer be rightfully enforced, or be obligatory upon the
inhabitants who remained and submitted to the conquerors.
Castme could not, therefore, strictly speaking, be consider-
ed a part of the United States, for its sovereignty no longer
extended over the place Nor, on the other hand, could it,
strictly speaking, be deemed a port within the dominion of
Great Britain, for it had not permanently passed under her
sovereignty . The right which existed was the mere right
of superior force, the allegiance temporary, and the pos-
session not that firm possession which gives to the con-
queror plenum dominium et utile, the complete and perfect
ownership of property. It could only be by a renunciation in
a treaty of peace, or by possession so lon% and pei manent as
should afford conclusive proof that the territory ivas altogether
abandoned by its sovereign, r  had been in eli ievably subdued,
that it could be considered as incorporated in the dominions of
the British sovereign. Until sucli incorporation, by a recap-
ture or repossession, the territory would be entitled to the
full benefit of the law of post limine."— (See 2d Gallison's
Jleports, page 501.)
Who is there that believes that Mexico can ever
recover from Texas her lost territory? or that doubts
but that the enemies of Texas were driven out at
St. Jacinto, never to return? Who is there that will
hesitate to say that Texas has passed irretrievably
from the reach of the parent government' And in
the language of Mr. Webster in 1842, in reply to
Mr. Bocanegra, let it be asked,
"How long, in the judgment of Mexico lu'rself, is the fact
of actual independence to be held ol no avail against an
avowed purpose of future conquest"
And let it also be understood, that in the same
correspondence, he declared that Texas was as free,
so far as regarded "her external 3igns of national
independence, as Mexico herself." And further:
'•That while the United States are at peace with Mexico,
they are also at peace with Texas, that both stand on the same
fooling; and that, since 1837, the United States have regarded
Tfxas as an independent save.) ei^nty as much as Mexii o.'"1
Yes, let it be further considered, that in 1825,
when Mr. Adams and Mr. Clay were endeavoring
to obtain Texas from Mexico, that Spain, at the
time, had not acknowledged the independence of
Mexico, but, so far from it, was engaged in a war-
fare with her, and was in the actual possession of
the most important fortress—that of St. Juan d'Ulloa;
and that in J 829, when the negotiation was renewed
by Gen. Jackson and Mr. Van Buren, by an offer
of five millions for- Texas, to Mexico, Spain was
still lighting with Mexico to bring her into subjec-
tion; and lastly, let it be remembered, that Mexico
is not now what bhe was in 1824, when she formed
a confederated republic, to which Texas agreed, or
what she was at the time of the Texian revolt in
1835, shortly after Santa Anna joined the aiistoc-
jacycind established his empire.
But we arc gravely told that Texas, as embraced
in the treaty now before the Senate, is not the ori-
ginal Texas, hut that it contains a portion of New
Spain. The treaty speaks of "all the territories of
the republic of Texas," and no more; and while
"It is essential to the validity of a grant, that the thing
granted should t>e so described as to In1 capable of being
distinguished from othet things of the sam« kind, it is not
nece^r-n y that the grant ltbeli should contain such a de-
scription, as without the aid oi extraneous testimony, to
ascertain precisely wli.it is convened." —(See Wheaton's
Reports, page
Again:
"Title by conquest is acquired and maintained by force.
The conqueioi piescnbes it* limits."
F uriher:
"A country conquered by the biitish arms becomes a
dominion ol the King, 111 i^ht of the ciown, end, thcrUove,
necessarily subject to the Parliament oi Gieat Britain —
(See 8th YVheaton's Reports, page 643 )
Mr. B. remarked, lie would next inquire into the
right .vhich Texas has, by \irtur of the law of na-
tions, to ask to become a part of the United {Slates.
It is said by Vattel, that—
"Kvery acquisition, which is in regular warfare, is valid
under the law of nutions, accordingly, nations have ever
esteemed conquest a lawful title The conqueror who
takes a province fiom his enemy, acquires ju&t such a fcght
to it as belonged to the country against whom he has taken
up arms:"
And the same writer remarks that—
"A nation is under an obligation to preserve, with the
utmost care, its liberty and independence; yet, when it has
not sufficient strength of itself, and feels unable to resist its
enemies for the purpose of protection, it may lawfully sub-
mit itself to a more powerful nation, and that submission
may be varied according to the agreement of the parties.
It may either leave the inferior nation a part of the sove-
reignty, retaining it only in certain respects, or it may to-
tally abolish it, so that the superior nation shall become the
sovereign ofthe other; or, finally, the lesser nation may be
incorporated with the greatei, in order, thenceforward, to
form with it but one and the same State."—(See Livy, book
vii, chapter 31.
And the right of this government to receive Texas,
by virtue of the treaty-making power, and also on
the principle of national preservation, (Mr. B. con-
tended,) was as clear as the right of Texas to ask
to be admitted into the United States. In the ease
of the American Insurance company vs. Carter,
it is said:
"That the constitution confers absolutely on the govern-
ment of the Union the power of making war and of making
treaties; consequently, that governmentjprofesses the power
of acquiring terntoiy, either by conquest or by treaty."—
(See 1st Peters's Reports, page 643.)
To deny the power of this government to annex
Texas by treaty, would be to undo the cessions of
1803, 1819, and 1842. To dispute this right now,
successfully, would destroy the organization of the
government, and expatriate several States—to wit:
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri. If the right
does not exist, then does Louisiana now belong to
France, the Floridas to Spain, and portions of New
York and Vermont to Great Britain. Forty years*
acquiescence in such a right is sufficient to settle it
conclusively.
But, in addition to the right derived from the trea-
ty-making- power, there is also that arising from the
principle of self-preservation, the first law of nature:
1. Every nation is under a duty to its citizens, by the law
of nature, to take due care to preserve and perfect itself,
and to defend all its members.—(Vattel, Preliminaries, sec-
tions 11, 15,16, 17.)
•2 bmce, then, a nation is under the obligation to preserve
itself and all its members, it has a right, by the law of na-
ture, to everything necessary to the end; otherwise, the
law of nature would contradict itseli m prescribing a duty,
and withholding the means of fulfilling it. These means
ought not to be unjust m themselves, nor absolutely forbid-
den by the law of nature.—(Vattel, book 1, chapters, page
la.)
3d. In like manner, a nation has a right, by the law of
nature, to everything to secure it from a threatening dan-
ger, and to keep at a distance whatever is likely to cause
the rum of the state, and obstruct its perfection and the
safety of its members.—(Vattel, book 1, chapters, sections
20, 21)
4. Every nation has the right not to suffer anothei nation
to obstruct its presentation, its perfection, its security from
all injuries. This right is perfect, because it is given to iul-
lil a natural and indispensable obligation. It is safest to
prevent the evil, when it can be done, ond to use all honest
means to anticipate machinations, with this special observ-
ance, that we do not lesort to force upon vague and uncer-
tain suspicions.— (Vattel, book 2, chapter 4, sections 49. 50,
pages M'2, 118 )
■>. When 9 neighboring nation is unjustly threatened to
be oppressed and overrun by one more powerful, s>uch third
nation, if it c<m, without exposing itsoli to great danger, is
bound by the law of nature to shield and defend against the
oppressor. Natural obligations and moral duty require
that surlt succor should be afiorded(Vaitt 1, book 2,
chapter 1, section 1, page Wo ]
And, besides the authority of Vattel, u*e have
that of Mr. Clay in 1810, in support of Mr. Madi-
son's pioclamation, when he ordered the country,
from Flouda parishes up to St. Francisville, on the
Mississippi, to be taken possession of. It was then
attempted to frighten Mr. Madison with the same
aigumcnts which are now used to deter us from
receiving Texas. Spain being then closely beseiged
by Napoleon, it was stated that we were about to
take the advantage of her weakness, and that Great
Britain would come to the rescue; just as it is now
surmised that she will be found aiding Mexico, if
we ineorporote Texas into our Union. On that try-
ing occasion, Mr. Clay sustained Mr. Madison; and
although he thought our title to the territory in dis-
pute unquestionable, still he maintained that, inde-
pendent of title, we could take it for self-preserva-
tion, and declared that he was tired of having the
rod of Great Britain suspended over us. Hear
him:
*'I have heard in the most credible manner, that, about the
period w hen the President took his mea«uies in relation to
that country, agents ol a foieign power were intriguing
with the people there, to induce them to come under his do-
mii'ion; but whfther thi> he tko fj.ct oi not.it cannot be
doubted lhat, if you neglect the present auspicious mo-
ment—il you reject the prortered boon, some other nation,
profiting by your errors, will seize the occasion to get a
fatal tooting m your southern frontier. I have no hesita-
tion in saying, that if n parent country will not, or cann®t,
maintain its* authority m a colony adjacent to us, and there
