May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523i
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Belser.
H. of Reps.
exists m it a state of misrule and disorder, menacing our
peace; and if, moreover, such colony, by passing into the
hands of any other power, would become dangerous to the
integrity of the Union, and manifestly tend to the subver-
sion of self-preservation, we have a right to lay hold upon it.
This principle alone, independent of any title, would v, arrant
our occupation of West Florida. But it is not necessary to
resort to it, our title being, in my judgment, mcontestably
§eod. We are told of the vengeance of lesuscitated Spain. If
pam, under any modification of her government, choose to
make war upon us, for the act under consideration, the na-
tion, I have no doubt, will be willing to embark in such a
contest. But the gentleman reminds us that Great Britain,
the ally of Spain, may be obliged, by her connection with
that country, to take part with her against us, and to consid-
er this measure of the President as justifying an appeal to
arms. Sir, is the time never to arrive when we may manage
our own affairs without the fear of insulting His feritannic
Majesty? Is the rod of British power to be for ever sus-
pended over our heads ?"
These were the sentiments of Mr. Clay in
the better days of the republic; and it will be
found exceedingly difficult to reconcile them
with the opinions advanced in his recent letter
against annexation. From Mr. Clay's pi-evious
course, the American people had a right to look to
him as one of their champions. But he has disap-
pointed their expectations, and sacrificed his fame.
The evidences ofhis tergiversation are too strong to
be mistaken. He is joined to his idols, and has
bowed in submission to the Moloch of abolition.
No longer is he heard on the ramparts of liberty,
giving succor to the oppressed. He has pulled
down the flag under which he once so valiantly
stood, and has resigned himself to an influence
more withering than the upas, which poisons eve-
ry thing within its reach.
Mr. B. would now examine his fifth proposition,
designed to embrace the reasons why the United
States should receive Texas without delay. It is
contended by some that there is no necessity for an-
nexing Texas to the United States at this time; and
that Great Britain has no idea of obtaining a foot-
hold in Texas. Those who reason in this way, if
hone-it, have paid but little attention to the history
of that government. Her desires for territorial ag-
grandizement is written in the fate of nations, and
her gigantic policy embraces every country and ev-
ery clime. Her history is full of information on this
point in another continent—too replete to doubt her
designs on this. As far back as 1830, Mr. Iluskis-
son, in the British House of Commons, thus lays
down her views:
"Our (Great Britain's) policy is to prevent North Ameri-
ca (United States) from usurping our natural influence
with the Mexican States, as it appears they are inclined to
do. from their negotiations to make the State of Texas a part
of the northern Union."
But Mr. Huskisson did not stop here. He en-
deavored to counteract the non-interference policy
of this government whenever is is declared—
"That it (the United States government) should consider
any attempt on the part of the allied European powers to
extend their peculiar political system to the American con-
tinent, as dangeious to the pcace and safety of the United
States "
And he also charged us with a design on the ports
of the Pacific. Listen to him:
"There -was good reason to believe that they (United
States) oast their eyes upon ports belonging to Mexico in
the Paciiic, and weie they thus to get all of Mexico that
they desired, there would he nothing' left of its indepen-
dence superior to that possessed by the Indian tubes m
connection with tile United States—an independence which,
he need not observe, was held at the option ot that power.
In making these observations, he was the farthest m the
world from meaning to cieate any impression that lie de-
sired to see the good understanding and mutual confidence
now happilj subsisting between two such countries as
Great Britain and the United States in any way disturbed;
but when he looked at the permanent circumstances that
determined the policy of nations, he could not help being
persuaded that it was the duty of England, as it was her in-
terest, to take such measures as might secure the perma-
nent independence of Mexico. The steps necessary for that
would find abundance of precedents m the history of kn-
rope, with reference to European States; and there was cer-
tainly nothing in democratic republics which ought to enti-
tle them to an exemption."'
And not satisfied with this expostion, he ven-
tured one step further, and declared—
"It presented such a position of afiairs as he thought call-
ed upon Great Bntain to maintain her commercial rights m
the gulf, or be prepared to gne up her maritime and com-
niercial ascendency in the new w orld, and thai a crisis had
arrived uheii, 111 his opinion, his Majestyministers
called upon to exert their influence with the allies ol liri-
tam, for the purpose of inducing the great poweisol Luiopc
to interfere m the affairs of the Americas."
It, however, may be said, that these are the un-
thor'ized declarations of a .statesman speaking with-
out authority. Let us next consult the Edinburgh
Review of 1841, one of the ablest periodicals which
is now published. That print observes:
"The United States, in refusing to admit Texas into their
confederation, have rejected an offer which, in all probabili-
ty, will never again he made to them; and Texas becoming,
as years pass by, more and more attached to its own institu-
tions, its own distinct policy, and its own national policy,
and its own national character, will speedily regard the
United States with some of those feelings of jealousy which
nations always learn to .entertain towards their nearest and
most powerful neighbors. The commercial interest of
Texas, and the antipathy to the northern portion of the
United States, which she inherits from her kindred of the
southern States, will always tend to unite her with Gieat
Britain."
And, after detailing the advantages of a close al-
liance between Texas and Great Britain, the Review
adds:
"The bonds of ancient kindred may thus be knit with
fresh strength, and a wider diffusion of the British race and
British sympathies."
In June, 1843, Sir Robert Peel, in a speech in
the British Parliament, admitted that a proposal had
been made to the Brazilian empire, to abolish slave-
ry on certain conditions; and in that speech, he re-
peated the following observations, clearly indicating
the settled policy of that government as to the abo-
lition of slavery throughout the world. He said:
"We have proposed to the government of Brazil to treat
for the free admission ol Brazilian sugar into the markets of
this country, upon condition that the government of Brazil
would take some measure for the purpose of ameliorating
the condition of the slave population of that country, and
of leading, not immediately, but gradually and ultimately,
to the extinction of slavery in that country.
"If we, (he continued,) without making any stipulation
whatever for the amelioration of the condition of the slave,
weie to open the British market to slave-grown sugar from
the Bravils, although there might be something analogous
in the principle upon which we admit slave-grown cotton,
yet practically the effect would be to give an immense
stimulus to the slave-trade."
In September, 1843, in reply to Mr. Ashbel Smith,
of the legation of Texas, who was protesting against
the interference of certain British subjects, who were
endeavoring to procure the abolition of slavery in
Texas, and who, he [Mr. Smith] declared, "were in
no manner recognised by the Texian government,"
the Earl of Aberdeen remarks:
"111 disclaiming all intention of insinuating t that there
exists on the part of her Majesty's government any disposi-
tion to interfere improperly 111 the affairs of Texas, Mr. Ash-
bel Smith is only rendering justice to her Majesty's govern-
ment. Nothing can be further from their intention than
thus to interfere in the internal aftairs of Texas But at the
same time that the undersigned makes this declaration, he
believes that Mr. Smith is fully aware ol the continued
anxiety of her Majesty's government to see slavery abolish-
ed, not only m Texas, but in all paits of the world, and it
is a matter of no surprise to the undersigned that private
individuals, who are impressed with the same feelings,
should exert every effort in their power to attain an object
so desirable."
On the  9th of April, 1844, a rumor had reached
London that a treaty for annexing Texas had been
signed by this government; on the hearing of which
the "London Herald," in the confidence of the rulers
of Great Britain, speaks of the treaty thus:
'•The report prevalent on the day that the Montezuma
sailed from New York, that the executive had actually
concluded a treaty for the annexation of Texas to the North
American Union, is not credited m re&pectable quarters.
Texas has been acknowledged as an independent State by
this country, and several other?, and it is hold ridiculous to
suppose that the President u ould hazard the consequences
of such an act without communicating with the govern-
ments that have leeogmsed Texas as a oepaiate State.
Such an act would involve an immediate rupture with
Mexico, which still claims Texas as one of its provinces;
and in such an event, it is not easy to see how £ ranee and
England c<m remain as mere lookers on. It is concluded
that these contingences must easily be perceived by the
American executive, and putting as-ide even the question of
internal opposition, they are consequences which no syne
man would hazard, and hence the skepticism respecting the
truth of the report.
Not satisfied with its declarations on the 9th, the
same paper, on the 10th of April, 1844, breaks out
in the following indignant strain against Mr. Green
and the President:
"The Dull Greens are uppermost in America if President
Tyler either be about to conclude, or have actually signed,
a treaty for the annexation of the integral and free-trade
republic of Texas with the federal and lush tariff republic
of the United States. And yet who daie predict what such
a person may not have done5 'The captain's a bold man1;
and if, as some of the American journals suggest, Texas be
added to the I mted States to secure Mr. Tyler's re-election,
the political finesse of the king1? and statesmen of Europe is
liut child's-play, compared with the Titanic strategy of
American presidents; the 'sinait' ambition of a Virgmny
planter only whets iU appetite by gobbling up Texas it
aims at making a cubstantial lepasst of Oregon and Califor-
nia, and Canada, too. if British bayonets do not stick in his
throat. The subjoct is full of importance, let us, therefore,
glance at its principle features."
It next goes on to speak of the rejection of Texas
by tins government m 1837, and recounts what has
taken place since that period m other governments
in regard to Texas, and also the inducement which
Great Britain and other nations had to acknowledge
the independence of Texas, It says:
"Sincethen the independence of Texas has been recognised
by France, by England, and, we believe, by Holland; and
treaties of amity and commerce have been- concluded be-
tween those monarchies and the republic. England and
Texas have, moreover, interchanged the right of search.
France, Holland, and England have consequently acquired
rights in Texas; and among the arguments put forth by the
Texian envoy to obtain this recognition of its independence
by Europe, was one to the effect that its annexation to the
United States would be thereby effectually prevented."
The obligations of Texas to the nations of Eu-
rope are then discussed, and also the character and
effect of the treaty; and the right of England and
France to interfere with it is boldly proclaimed.
Hear the conclusion of the article:
"Such a treaty would (unless the consent of Santa Anna
thereto have been previously obtained—a most unlikely
event) lead to a rupture, if not to hostilities, between the
United States and Mexico; and, even if it did not produce
immediate war, would most certainly foster the 'mission' to
overrun Mexico which even now has possession of a large
proportion of the Anglo-Americans. In a quarrel arising
from sucli a cause, England and France would have a right
to interfere, if only because annexation affected their ac-
quired interests in Texas. It is the policy of both countries
to support Mexico, as a counterpoise to the United States;
and England has an especial ground for the preservation of
Texian independence, in its influence on Canada. The an-
nexation Of Texas, though it probably would end in the
breaking up of the great American commonwealth, would
at first render the slave States predominant therein. To ad-
just the, equipoise thus disturbed, the free States of the
North might, it is possible, (the late Lord Durham thought
it the necessary consequence of annexation,) seek to engulf
Canada in the confederation. Their designs against Canada
still survive in the repeal associations, which are only hun* -
ters' lodges under another name. At all events, the gratifi-
cation of American ambition to the south of the Sabine river
is not at all calculated to restrain it within the south bank
of the St. Lawrence, or to prevent its progress to the shores
of the Pacific."
These several extracts (said Mr. B.) go conclu-
sively to prove that Great Britain is endeavoring to
grasp Texas. According to the Herald, she has
"acquired rights in Texas," and those rights "must
be preserved." If this government persists in hold-
ing on to Texas, a war must ensue with Mexico;
and "France and England cannot remain as mere
lookers on." Yea, "the gobbling up Texas," it is
said by the Herald, "only whets its (our govern-
ment's) appetite;" it hereafter "aims at making a
substantial repast" of Oregon and California, and
Canada too, if British bayonets do not stick in his
(President Tyler's) throat."
After these extracts, can any one doubt that this
is the "golden moment" to receive Texas? If we
reject her twice, what will be the effect of it? Will
she longer persist in knocking at our door for admis-
sion into the Union? He feared that her proud
spirit would compel her to turn away from us with
disgust, and seek other associations. We should
not allow Great Britain to obtain a resting place on
this continent. Already has she disturbed internal-
ly Switzerland and Germany, Spain and Portugal,
Syria and Greece, India and China, Africa and Poly-
nesia; and now she desires to establish a claim to
the country between the Rio Grande and Nueces.
Will this government permit her to enforce it? No!
In the language of Mr. Clay, "Sir, is the. time never
to arrive when we may manage ^ur own affairs, icUhout
the fear of insulting his [her] Britannic Majesty? Is
the rod of British power to be forever suspended over
our heads.'1''
But there is another reason why we should re-
ceive Texas without delay: it is our treaty obliga-
tion of 1803, entered into with the government of
Prance. When, in 1819, Texas was alienated from
the United States, Mr. Clay became indignant, and
offered, in Congress, the two following resolutions,
upon which he is reported to have made a very able
speech:
"Rtsohw!, That the constitution of the United States
vests in Congress the power to dispose of the territory be-
longing to them, and that no treaty purporting to alienate
anv portion thereof is "valid, without the concurrence of
Co'ngress
"Resolved, That the equivalent proposed to be given by
Spam to the United States in the treaty concluded between
them on the •Wd day of February, 1820, for the part of Loui-
siana lying west of the Sabine, was inadequate; and that it
would'be inexpedient to make a transfer thereof to any for*
eign power, or to renew the aforesaid treaty."
Alas ! his voice is not now raised in behalf of the
people of this "alienated territory." He has
changed his opinions and lost his zeal. Another,
however, has taken his place, who is from the
same State. I allude to the Hon. Mr. Bibb, one of
the most enlightened jurists of the age. In speak-
ing of the action of this government in regard to
Texas, he says:
"The United States, by the cession to Spain, violated their
treaty with France; they violated their engagements to the
inhabitants of the ceded territory now called Texas.
"The people of Texas have a perfect right to demand of
