May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Caldwell.
H. of Reps.
land Virginia. In the course of time, a slave State
or two might grow out of the annexation, but under
the compact we are a a much entitled to such Stales
as the people beyond a certain line are to non-slave-
holding Stales.
Lastly, Mr. B. would more immediately consider
the advantages to be derived from annexing Texas
to the United States.
It would open a new field to our adventurous pop-
ulation, and bring into requisition a large territory,
remarkable for climate, fertility, its abundance of
game, and everything else calculated to gladden the
heart of man.
It would give additional stimulus to agriculture,
commerce, and manufactures. Texas now raises
about one hundred thousand bales of cotton, worth
some four millions of dollars, and this is the basis
of her exports. Annex her to the United States,
and in a few years hence her cotton crop would
double in amount. Establish peace between her
and Mexico, and her commerce, by means of north-
ern Mexico, will be increased something like ten
millions more. Would this not benefit the agricul-
turist of the West, the ship-owner of the North,
and the manufacturer of the New England States?
It is important in a military point of view. Give
Great Britain possession of Texas, and you place
her in command of the Gulf, and the whole of Mex-
ico, from whence she can, if necessary, obtain pro-
visions and men; you likewise give her control
over our frontier, and facilities for exciting the ser-
vile population of the South, and the Indians of the
West. National security requires that Great Britain
be kept out of Texas.
It would return to the United States, her natural
boundaries, and give her full command of her west-
ern waters. It would prevent smuggling by land
and by sea,.the natural result of a protective tariff.
If Great Britain ever obtains Texas, and adopts a
system of free trade, protection would soon become
a by-word; for, to use the language of another, "a
cordon of revenue officers, backed by the whole
military arm of the government, could not protect
our southwestern frontier."
It would check border wars, and prevent the hos-
tile tribes from committing merciless butcheries on
unoffending women and children. It is larger than
France; and the money to be paid for it would soon
be returned. No country ever refused such a boon.
It would be bringing into the Union a daughter
of the pure blood—an heir to the inheritance of
freedom, and be adding a lustrous gem to the Amer-
ican diadem. The adventurer, whether from the
East or the West the North or the South, would
find a home there; and the man of the Bible, under
a government which tolerates all religions, and le-
galizes none, (whether Protestant or Catholic,) might
sit under his own vine and his own fig tree, and there
would be none to make him afraid.
It is not a conquest like unto that of Alexander,
who, after subjugating the world, wept for greater
dominion; not like that of Cmsar, who crossed the
Rubicon; nor that of Napoleon, who despoiled gov-
ernments by taking from them their most venerated
relics; tut it is a pure and "peaceful offering of blood-
bought liberty.
Sir, we are asked by many what we want with
Texas, and what do we expect to gain from its an-
nexation' If the younger son, described in the par-
able as having taken a journey into a far distant
country, and there wasted his substance in riotous
living, could, on his return to his father's mansion,
have spread before him the "fatted calf," and be
regaled with "music and dancing," what joy will
there be when the "lone star" shall be brought back
to this Union. Her return will not be like that of
the prodigal son, with her substance wasted by
licentiousness, but she will bring with her the fruits
of perseverance, and the indomitable spirit of free-
dom. Her triumphal entry will be celebrated from
Maine to Louisiana, not alone wi'h "music and
dancing," but the tear of gratitude to the Ruler of all
nations will fall from many an eye, in commemora-
tion of (he glorious event.
What we have already witnessed on this sub-
ject is but the beginning of the excitement. The
question of Texian annexation cannot die. The
silence which at this time pervades some portions
of the Union in regard to it, is like unto that which
prtcedes the earthquake. Senators may reject the
treaty, but the treaty in the end will reject them. The
flame is not to be extinguished. Texas is ours,
and no government can deprive a mother of such a
daughter. Her constitution, laws, religion, lan-
guage, and kindred, are a part of our own; and
those whom God has thus united let not nations put
asunder. Great Britain may attempt again and
again to cajole her into a fatal embrace, but, while
we remain true to our obligations,, she will turn
from the wilts of the harlot with increased indigna-
tion.
Sir, is the proffered boon to be rejected? Before
that God who knows all things, he trusted not. He
looked with confidence to the final triumph of man's
birthright in every clime and country on the globe.
He hailed with delight the influence of liberty
everywhere, and was anxious to see that day come
when our sacred national banner shall float over
Texas, over Oregon, over Calafornia, and over Can-
ada too; and when other nations, witnessing our
prosperity, shall hasten to cover themselves with
its folds, acknowledging that they caught the first
spark of freedom's fire from the American example,
and forwarding the radiant beams until they shall
have electrified the most benighted portions of the
earth.
"O! Liberty, transcendent and sublime,
Born on the mountain's solitary crest—
Nature thj" nurse, thy sire unconquered time,
Truth the pure inmate of thy glowing breast.
'Tis thine, when sanguinary demons lower,
Amiri the thickening host, to force thy way,
To quell the minions ofoppresshe power,
And shame the vaunted nothings of a day.
Still shall the human mind thy name adore,
Till chaos ends, and worlds shall be no more "
SPEECH OF MR. CALDWELL,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives, May 7, 1844.—On the
tariff.
Mr. Chairman: Circumstances, both here and
elsewhere, imperatively require that I should express
my views on the subject now before the committee;
and I shall offer no other apology than the necessi-
ty which compels me with reluctance to trespass up-
on your time.
Every government must be supported by taxes,
collected in some form from her own people. Ours,
to a much greater extent than any other govern-
ment, has relied for revenue on a tax or duty laid on
goods imported from abroad, and this duty is called
"the tariff."
This mode of supplying the wants of our treas-
ury, together with the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, seems, since the days of Jefferson, to
have been the favorite and settled policy of our
country; and in it I most*heartily concur. As I
shall not be allowed time to discuss this subject the-
oretically in all its details, I will read here a resolu-
tion which 1 had the honor to offer to this House at
an early period of this session. It embraces in a
very condensed form the principles which I think,
if carried out, will be most just and equitable to all
parts of this country—and especially most condu-
cive to the prosperity and welfare of that portion of
the people whom I have the honor to represent:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structcd to inquire, as soon as practicable, into the expedien-
cy of so modifying the present tariff of duties on imports, as
to provide, together with the other resources ofthe treasury,
a revenue suJticient I'o^ and limited to the wants of an econom-
ical administration of the general government; with such
discrimination as will dispense the beneiits and impose the
burdens of government etjually upon nil classes, and upon the
piinciple that will tax, as far as practicable, the piuperty and
not the people of the nation.
It is a fact, too clear to require proof, that those
who purchase and consume the goods, pay the tax
or duty. The question, then, is not, "whether we
will tax our own people, or the people of foreign coun-
tries?" but having agreed on this plan of taxing our
own people, "whether we shall adjust the duties with
an eye to an equitable and just distribution of this tax
upon all classes m proportion to their ability to pay."
Or shall we regulate it with a view to bestow favors
and bounties upon certain classes and sections, by
exactions upon the labor of other classes^
The discussion of this bill brings naturally before
us the act of 1842, which it is intended to modify.
Without pretending that this bill is perfect, or that,
in my opinion, it does not need amendment in many
of its details, I do most unhesitatingly declare that,
011 a comparison of the two bills, I greatly prefer
the one which we now have under consideration.
In fact, I cannot but regard the act of 1842 as one of
the grossest injustice and oppression.
I lay it down as a cardinal point m my belief, that
not one dollar more ought to be taken fioni the
pockets of the people, in any way, than is necessary
for an economical administration of the general gov-
ernment. In collecting that, by means of a tax or
tariff of duties on foreign goods, the duty should be
■so adjusted as to tax the rich and the poor in propor-
tion to their means to pay it. Tax luxuries, and
articles used by the rich, highest; and leave untaxed,
as far as practicable, the necessaries of life.
Let the poor feel that their government is a bless-
ing, and not a curse to them. By your justicd,
foster and nourish the flame of patriotism-, that burria
always brightest in the hearts of the unaspiring, un-
pretending yeomanry of the land.
It is said that we must protect home industry.
Truly this is a captivating phrase, and one often
used by demagogues and interested men to deceive
the people.
Every tariff upon foreign goods that come in com-
petition with similar articles made or grown in this
country, is, to that extent, a protective tariff. Being
the advocate of a tariff for revenue, so far as that
tariff, justly and honestly laid, will incidentally
afford protection, I am the advocate of protection.
But when it goes beyond that, for mere protection,
without regard to revenue, it is but a system by
which the great mass of the people are subjected to
robbery and plunder for the advantage of the favored
few.
The first tariff act passed by our revolutionary
fathers, in the pure days of the republic, was very
moderate. With that instinctive hatred of taxation
which produced the revolutionary war, they were
extremely cautious about thrusting their hands into
the people's pockets. They had not learned the
great truth that modern whigs pretend to have dis-
covered, that the foreign producer pays the tax.
Their honest natures could never have led them to
such an absurdity.
With all the inducements that surrounded them to
enact a high tariff law; with the enormous debt con-
tracted during the war; an empty treasury; the sol-
diers of the revolution unpaid; all our manufactures
in "their infancy, and needing protection, the first
tariff act passed by our fathers of the revolution, af-
ter the adoption of the constitution, imposed a duty
on iron of 5 per cent; on cotton goods of per
cent.; and on woollen goods of 5 per cent. Com-
pare this with the duties upon the same articles by
the act of 1842, ranging from 50 to 175 per cent.,
and tell me whether you will confide most in those
who, for selfish and party purposes, now make such
loud pretences about protecting American industry,
or those noble spirits who freely shed their blood to
protect it.
In 3 816, the tariff was increased to a maximum
ad valorem rate of 20 per cent. Again it was in-
creased in 1824 and in 1828. The act of 1828 has
been pronounced by Mr. Clay himself a bill of
abominations; and, sir, it came well nigh lighting
the torch of civil war. In 1833, the whole subject
was put to rest, and the country restored to harmo-
ny and peace, by the passage of the celebrated com-
promise act, which provided for a gradual reductioh
of the duties to 20 per cent., as the maximum on the
ad valorem principle.
During all the excitement that prevailed from
1830 to 1841, no one ever proposed to disturb tha^
sacred compromise; nor did any one attribute to its
operation any portion of the pecuniary distress
which, from other causes, during the latter part of
that period, pervaded the land. We were told by
the whigs that it was the want of a national banle,
together with the specie circular and the gold humbug,
that created the distress in the country, and gave
"one currency to the ofiice-holders and another to
the people;" and loud and long were their denuncia-
tions of General Jackson for tampering with the
currency, and ruining the country.
They promised to reform all these abuses, if
elected; and that, too, without disturbing the princi-
ples of the compromise act. They came into power
virtually pledged to hold sacred that compromise
upon which this vexed and exciting question had
been so happily settled.
To pass over the evanescent declarations of stump
orators and newspapers, I will refer you to a speech
made by Mr. Clay himself in Hanover, Virginia,
during the canvass of 1840. Here is an extract
from that speech:
"The question (protection) cannot be, ought not to be, but
of measure and degree. I adopt that of the compromise act,
not because it is lireparable, but because it met the sanction
of the nation, liability, with modeiate and certain protec-
tion, is far more important than instability, the necessary
consequence of high protection. But the protection of the
compromise act will be adequate for the most, if not as to
allinterests The -20 per cent, which it stipulates, cash du-
ties, home valuations, and tile list of free articles mseited in
the act for the particular advantage of the manufacturer,
will insure, 1 trust, sufficient protection.''
