CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
torfrom Tennessee, [Mr. Jarnagin,] from the Committee
?xr alms> ma<le 821 adverse report in the case of Joseph
Watson. Subsequently, however, to the investigation of
the claims by that committee, additional evidence nad been
obtained, on which to predicate a motion to recommit the
*vaini ^at committee. He therefore made that motion,
that there might be a revision of the case: agreed to.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the Senate took up for
consideration the resolution, introduced by liim on the
22d of February last, calling upon the Secretary of the
Navy to report to the Senate a copy of the proceedings of
«ie court of inquiry in the case of Alexander Shdell Mac*
kenxie.
Mr. TAPPAN aad Mr. TALLMADGE made some re-
marks, showing the importance of having a publication of
the official proceedings of the court-martial, which had not
yet been made.
Messrs. PHELPS, CRITTENDEN, and ARCHER op-
posed the adoption of the resolution. They did not see that
any legislation could be based on the proceedings of that
court-martial, if they were reported to the Senate. The of-
ficer alluded to had been legally tried and acquitted; and the
republicatioii of the proceedings of the trial would have the
effect only of again agitating the public mind on the sub-
ject, which had been long since quieted.
Mr. WRItfHT said he rose to sayaword upon this sub-
ject with profound regret. He had deeply regretted that
his honorable friend had felt it to be his duty to make the
call. Mr. W. remembered, most clearly, the feelings ex-
cited in himself; and the feeling he witnessed in others
here, by the transactions out of which this call proceeds.
The officers of that ship had passed through the ordeal es-
tablished by the laws of the country, for their part in those
transactions; and that passage haa been quiet and orderly,
and, on their part, so far as he knew, patient and submis-
sive.
From the inquiry and the trial they had undergone, he be-
lieved one result had been arrived at, to the conviction and
satisfaction of all. That result was, that those officers,
whateverimpressions might be entertained of the correct-
ness of their judgments and the soundness of their conclu-
sions, were innocent of intentional error; that their hearts
were free from offence. ^ Upon the other side of those trans-
actions he had not permitted his own mind to form conclu-
sions, and he certainly should not permit his tongue to make
an expression.
Mr. Mackenzie, he believed, was a citizen of his own
State—a constituent of his colleague and himself; and, as
such,ghad a right to expect their watchful attention upon
a question of this character. The second officer of that ves-
sel, and the companion and adviser of Mr. Mackenzie, was
also a citizen of the State, and the descendent of a family
eminent in the revolutionary history of the country. Upon
tfie other side of these transactions were also constituents
of his honorable colleague and himself; and constituents as
strongly demanding their regard to the officers ol the ship,
or as any other persons whatever. Upon all these parties,
it appeared to him this? call, and the publication of these
proceedings, could have 110 other influence than to awaken
recollections of the most painful character, and without
any practical utility to the public, or to individuals He did
not understand it to be proposed that any legislative or oth-
er action should follow the call. Publication of the pro-
ceedings was the whole object, as far as he understood it.
In this aspect of the call, ifthe whole proceedings could be
laid before the whole public; if they could pass through
the new&papei press, and belaid before every reader, he
could see that all the parties to these transactions might
naturally and rationally desire the publication. This, he
supposed, neither they nor the Senate could expect, as the
call would produce, as such calls always had produced, a
volume of two, or three, or five hundred pages, which few
would read, and the newspaper press could not copy. All
the public could see, therefore, would be limited extracts.
Was there not ground to apprehend that such extracts would
partial and garbled 1 He feared so. He feared none would
make them Djit such as had partial objects, and that the
consequence of this official publication of these proceedings
would be the constant unfair and unjust annoyance of all
these parties, without enlightening the public mind upon
the truth of the whole case.
These were the grounds of his regret that his honorable
friend had ffclt compelled to urge the call, knowing and
feeling, as he did, that the motives of that senator were
pure and patriotic. He must not, for a moment, be under-
stood as casting a reflection upon him, or upon any one.
He spoke under a feeling of regret, not of complaint; much
less of censure.
Still the call was here, and having reaoived information,
to some extent, as to the feelings of Mr. Mackenzie and his
associates and friends in regard to it, his principal object in
addressing the Senate was to say, as he felt authorized to
say, that they did not desire lesistance against the call.
With the question of principle which the Senate might sup-
pose to be involved in such a call, they claimed no right to
interfere: but so far as they might be considered personally
interested, they made no objection to the publication of all
the proceedings, in any way the Senate might think proper.
They did not desire that any senator should oppose it from
feelings personal to them.
Mr. W. said he should not oppose the call. He should
vote for it. He sincerely doubted its utility; but his rela-
tion to all these parties, in his judgment, forbade that he
should make opposition to the publication. He had spoken
of the wishes of Mr. Mackenzie and his friends, made
known to him, and he was sure that all the other parties to
whom he had alluded, if the opportunity had been pre-
sented, would have expressed the same wishes. He could
not then, and he should not, resist the call; because, doubt-
ing its expediency as he did, he could not consent that the
suspicion should fall upon any of these parties of having
prompted him to make such lesistance. or upon himself of
having made it under a wish to suppress the publication on
their account.
The question was then put on the resolution, and it was
rejected.
NAVAL DEPOT AT MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE.
The bill to establish a nwy-yard and depot at or adjacent
to the city of Memphis, on Tlie Mississippi river, in the State
of Tennessee, was read the third time; and the question
then being, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. FULTON demanded the yeas and nays, which were
ordered; and the question being put, it was decided in the
affirmative, by yeas 31, nays 11, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Atchison, Barrow, Bates, Bayard,
Choate, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Francis, Fulton,
Hannegan, Henderson, Huntington, Jarnagin, McDuffie,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Sevier,
Simmons, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Upham, Walker, "White,
and Woodbridge—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Baghy, Breese, Bucha-
nan, Clayton, Fairfield, Haywood, Pearce, Tappan, and
Woodbury—11.
THE TARIFF-—THE COMPROMISE ACT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the resolution
reported from the Committee on Finance, for the indefinite
postponement of the bill introduced by Mr. McDupfik, for
reducing the rate of duties under the present tariff' to the
standard of the compromise act.
Mr. CHOATE observed that it was not now his intention,
nor had it ever been, to do anything so absurd as to engage
in the discussion of the general subject, the arguments on
which had been heretofore so thoroughly exhausted. The
protection of American industry had been so ably and tri-
umphantly vindicated, both in and out of Congress, that
nothing new was left for him to add. He could not, for
himself, consent to touch this question of protection as an
open question. No doubt, to some extent, and for many ob-
jects, the question may be said to be open; but it was in a
limited sense, and confined to matters of mere detail. It was
open to-day to consider whether the duties of 1789 were
sufficient for protection; or whether the duties of 1828 were
more than sufficient; but that the principle of protection
itself was an open question he denied. He felt assured that
those who built up this government and its institutions had
in their hearts the purpose of insuring this very policy of
protection to American industry, and1 those who succeeded
them had but carried out their principles to suit the altered
condition of the country when they established the present
protective policy.
For his own part, while he admired the'ability displayed in
the debate oftnis question since its introduction this session,
he should consider it just as much a work of supererogation
to rise with authorities for quotation, and books with leaves
turned down, to defend the policy of protection at this day,
as to defend magna charta, or the right of trial by jury.
There was a question which, however, he admitted yet to
be open; and it was, whether a given or proposed rate of
duties leaves adequate protection to American industry. It
was to, that question he now wished to address himself more
particularly for a few moments. He considered the senator
from Missouri [Mr. B^nxok] as admitting the principle ol
giving adequate protection to home manufactures, such as
could be given by duties for revenue, discriminating for
both purposes. That senator recommends legislation to go
back to the good old times of the fus>t epoch of this govern-
ment; but he does not advise the revival of any particular
act since 1789. If, however, he understood the senator
from Missouri correctly, his principle was, to have the ad
valorem duty assessed on the foreign value, and not on the
value in the market here; the duty not in any case to ex-
ceed 33£ per cent, of that foreign value. How far that was
practicable was , ceildinly, a question for discussion.
. But, a distinction should, in lus (Mr. C.'s) judgment, be
drawn between the past age and the present, which it
appeared to him the senator from Missouri had overlooked.
What was proper a half century ago, and for the first 25
years of this government, might not be proper at the
present moment. For the difference of circumstances, the
vast changes in systems of national policy, were to be ta-
ken into consideration: and they would be lound such
as to justify if not to demand a policy differing in many re-
spects from that which was suited for a different age and
different circumstances. All these considerations were
to be weighed before the pex'ilous attempt should be
made of breaking up the particular policy of protection
which had grown up m this country within the last five and
twenty years. He asked the Senate to look back to the
laws of 1789, and inqune what were the views of the framers
of these laws—what was the system of political econom\ by
which they were guided' He averred that, whatever may
have been the rate of duty by the tarili law of 1789,
the law itself was expressly made for the piotection
of American industry, just as much as the tariff law of 1824.
He enumerated many of the aitides which, under the tariff
law of 178Q, were subject to specific duties, and others sub-
ject to ad valorem duties—in several instances, exceeding
30 per cent. He then gave a history of the origin of the
law of 1789. Mr Madison proposed to the then Congress to
pass a -short bill of ten lines, modelled on the short act of
1783 of six lino*, which put specific duties on two or three
articles, and a horizontal duty of o per cent, on everything
else imported: Mr. Madison's proposition being to put
specific duties on seven or eight articles, and an ad valorem
duty on all other imports, with a view of obtaining an im-
mediate supply of revenue. But Mi. Madison's proposition
was not adopted; find a discussion arose, in consequence of
other propositions varying considerably, in which the prin-
ciple of piotection was advocated, vindicated, and recorded.
Finally this principle prevailed in the bill which was
adopted.
Mr. McDUFFlK inquired, if, in any of the propositions
then under discussion, auy imposition of duty hall as high
as the duties conceded by hit> (Mr. MeCs.) bill was advo-
cated.
Mr. CHOATE observed that his position was, that du-
ties were advocated, vindicated, and recorded, lor protec-
tion, no matter whether the duty was high o*- low. It
was the principle of protection that lie wanted to show
had been then advanced and maintained.
Mr. C, then gave a brief history of the discu<mon on the
act of 1789, and" enumerated its provisions. He also entered
upon a detailed history of the debate upon that bill, quoting
many passages from the speeches of Mr. Madison, Mr. Fitz-
Simmons, and Mr. Hardy. On Mr. Fitzsimmons's plan the bill
was framed; and different gentlemen brought forward spe-
cific articles for protection, forming amendments. Mr. C.
here stated that he would spare the Senate the reading of
innumerable passages from speeches on this occasion, so
strongly in favor of protection that he feared it would be
considered he wsus interpolating passages from the speeches
made in 1824 or 1828 by the most zealous advocates of pro-
tection. Mr. Sherman even went so far as to advocate
openly and avowedly a prohibitory duty on tobaccOj Sad
his motion was adopted nem. con. That, then, Mr. ,C. skidf,
was as much an act for protection as the act of 1824.
the senator from Soutji Carolina said the duties of that sict
were small. So theywere; but the principle of protection
was therein established aud vindicated. A choice was at
that period and during that discussion presented to Con-
gress between tw o bills—one, that of TVlr. Madison, for rev-
enue alone—for bringing the most money and in the speed-
iest manner into the treasury; and the other, that of Mr.
Fitzsimmons, for both protection and revenue; and tjhe latter
was the bill adopted.
Mr. McDUFB'lE begged the senator would not evade the
question as to the matter of fact what were the actual du-
ties on iron and what on cotton in that bill.
Mr. CHOATE said it was impossible to state what rate of
ad valorem duty wtfc equivalent to the specific duties of the
act, not having the prices-current of the day to refer to for
calculating them.
Mr. McDUFFIE observed that, as the senator declined
stating what the duties on these articles were, reduced to
the ad valorem principle, he would tell him what they ac-
tually were. The duty on iron was 5 per cent.; on cotton
goods 7£ per cent.; and on woollen goods 5 per cent.
Mr. CHOATE remarked that, in 1789, there was not an
iron factory, not a cotton factory, nor a woollen factory in
the United States, calling tor protection; but the duties of
the act on articles competing with home industiy were, in
many cases, he had no doubt, as high as from 30 to 50 per
cent. He proceeded to show that, on those articles which
required protection, the duties of the act against similar ar-
ticles imported'were protective.
He quoted Mr. Dallas's arguments on the act of 1816, in
which he says that all the acts for revenue, passed since
the commencement of the government, had for their object
the encouragement of home industry by adequate protection:
Passing strange (Mr. C. said) would it have been, if the
fathers of the constitution had not maintained the doctrine
of protection. He referred to an anncuiymous article, writ-
ten from North Carolina, in 1787, to show that the American
system was then a favorite and prevailing doctrine, well
understood. He said he had quoted this from a collection
of tracts, which he found cited by the American Review.
All these evidences of the prevailing sentiments of the
great men of 1789 showed that there was a profound feel-
ing even then, that, without building up the home manufac-
tures of young America, her independence would have
proved but a barren sceptre.
He referred to the processions which were got up to cele-
brate the ratification of the constitution, and particularly to
one in Philadelphia, to show that as irrefragible evidence of
the sentiments of the people in favor of home manufac-
tures might be gleaned from the popular feeling evinced on
that occasion, as from the debates of the period, to be found
in Mr. Madison's papers, or the congressional records; or
even from the strongest passages m the volumes of the
Federalist. He read a detailed account of the pageant in
Philadelphia on the occasion referred to, and commented
upon it, as evincing the spirit of the times, and showing Hie
lorce of public opinion in favor of protecting and fostering
the manufacturing interests of that time.
He next proceeded to show, that from 1789 to 1816, the
manufacturing interest in the United States had not only
multiplied its value, but changed its nature; he stated that,
so largely had it grown, that it presented a much broader
mark for the slings and arrows of foreign competition than
it did before, and consequently trusted more to protection.
The principle of protection having been established with the
establishment of the government itself, whenever it became
necessaiy to extend it, the statesmen of 1816 and 1824 might
bo defended for the extension they found necessary by the
policy of their fathers of 1789.
The value of mechanical labor was appreciated by every
one who had participated in this debate, no matter of what
party. In passing a high eulogium upon the mechanical
arts, and upon artisan labor, Mr. C. referred to the work* of
Adam Smith to show his sense of the advantages resulting
fium that species of industry, both in a social and national
point of view.
There was one reason, if no other existed, why his (Mr.
C.'s) affections should be enlisted in favor of manufactures
and mechanical labor; and it was, that in all ages, and alt
countries, they had been uniformly found the handmaids of
liberty, the instruments of civilization, and the forerunners
of democratic institutions.
He acknowledged that hefelt great solicitude to rescue
the legislators of*1816 and 1824 from the aspersion of being
millionary capitalists and trading politicians, perverting the
legislative pow ei for minister pvupo&f s. He adverted to the
peculiar circumstances of the country in 1816, at the termi-
nation of the late war, which bad placed it in a condition
that called tor new developments of national policy. It
waa a time when every American citizen felt that there
should lie a rallv of patriotism for a renewed, a regenerated
n&UonaliU • The patriots of that day felt the stain it would
be to lca-ve the country subject to such humilities and pri-
vations as it had just emerged from. Hence arose the pres-
ent protective syttem. Therefore, it was unkind and un-
just to impute to those men who had made this rally other
than the obvious patriotic motives by which they were ac-
tuated. They might well defend themselves from every
assault upon their principles and motives, by a reference to
the solicitude of the founders of the government for the
fostering protection of domestic manufactures.
Here Mr. C. intimated to the Senate that he felt exhausted,
and hoped, if agreeable to the Senate, that the subject would
be passed over mlormally.
Mr. WOODBURY rose to move an adjurnment; but
Mr. ARCHER said there were some references to be
made in secret session, which would not occupy more than
five minutes'time.
On motion, it was agreed, that, when the Senate ad-
journed, it should be to Monday next.
The Senate then went into executive session, and, afitef >
some time spent therein, adjourned.
