May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S2T
28th Cong 1st Sess.
-The Tariff—Mr. Caldwell.
their means of buying our tobacco, and thereby di-
minishes our profits, we ought to retaliate by taxing
our citizens in turn upon all the goods which they
buy from England; or, in other words, England
having inflicted one weund on our tobacco-interest,
this government, with parental regard, should strike
the finishing blow to it. The retaliation would
fall upon our own people with a vengeance.
We are told, by some gentlemen on this floor,
that we ought to have a protective tarifffor the pur-
pose of raising a revenue sufficient to carry on the
system of internal improvements. This I know
was the doctrine of Mr. Clay's American system;
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stew-
art,] one of the boldest, ablest, and most zealous
advocates ofMr. Clay and the tariff, declared, dur-
ing the present session, that this was still the doc-
trine of Mr. Clay. I suppose that he knows the
opinions of his chief better than 1 do, and I will not
therefore controvert the statement. I want it known,
however, to all my constituents, that this is in truth
the doctrine of the party and its leader; and I feel
well assured that it needs only to be known to be
promptly and universally condemned.
It has been urged upon this floor that we ought
not to rely upon purchasing from foreign nations,
but that we ought to produce within our own coun-
,try every thing that the wants of our people might
require. Surely no' statesman will seriously con-
tend for such a policy.
I am, as much as any other gentleman, in favor
of developing all the resources of our country, and
of promoting every profitable branch of industry
that may be congenial with the inclinations of our
people and the character of our soil and climate.
But I cannot consent to force the labor of the coun-
try into channels altogether at war with the habits,
inclinations, and interests of our people, by prohibi-
tions and exactions upon agriculture, their favorite,
honorable, and natural avocation.
Such a policy would destroy our commerce and
our intercourse with the world. If we do not buy
from other nations, they cannot buy from us. If
we purchase nothing from abroad, our surplus
grain, our cotton, tobacco, and all the productions
of our rich and virgin soil, must rot upon our farms;
and our luxuriant fields, now teeming with abun-
dance, must measurably became a desert waste. All
our shipping and commerce must perish, and the
energy and prosperity of our people wither and die.
But, sir, I hope the day is past when any argument
is necessary to refute such a position. I am sure
that, in this enlightened and civilized age of the
world, and especially in this land of freedom and en-
terprise, no one will seriously contend that we
ought to withdraw from all foreign intercourse, and
hedge ourselves about with a Chinese wall, or with
laws equally restrictive, to prevent our people from
buying and selling abroad. Sir, it is a monstrous
tyranny that will force the people from avocations
that are agreeable and profitable, into others that
are at variance with their inclinations and their in-
terests. Permit every man to pursue the occupation
most congenial to his wishes, and most profitable to
himself; permit him to sell his products where prices
are highest, and to purchase where he can buy the
cheapest. Instead of paying bounties to monopo-
lies, strike the fetters from individual enterprise.
This is freedom—this is democracy.
But, sir, there is another view of this subject
equally important. If, by this hot-bed system of
forcing manufactures into being, you compel our
people to buy everything at home, no matter what
may be the price, and to sell everything at home, no
matter what may be the sacrifice, and thereby
wholly prevent the importation of foreign goods, of
course you cut off all revenue derived from duties
on foreign goods, and compel a resort to direct taxa-
tion for the support of government.
Who is there here so bold as to avow such a pur-
pose? Who will proclaim himself to the American
people the advocate of direct taxation for the sup-
port of this government? I dare say there are none.
Yet this is the tendency of their argument—the inev-
itable result of such a policy.
It is well worthy of remark here, that the very
result to which these doctrines of the whig party
would lead you was boldly advocated by Mr. Clay
himself in 1820. In the speeches of that gentleman,
published by Greeley and McElratli of New- York,
you will find the following extract, as a part of a
speech made by him against the policy of relying
solely on the tariff for revenue:
"Can any one doubt the impolicy of government resting
solely upon the precarious resource of such a revenuef It
H. of Reps.
J is constantly fluctuating. It tempts as by its enormous
| amount at one time, into extravagant expenditure, and we
are then driven, by its sudden and unexpected depression,
into the opposite extreme. We are seduced by its flattering
promises into expenses which we might avoid} and we are
afterwards constrained by its treachery to avoid expenses
which we ought to make. It is a system under which there
is a sort of perpetual war between-the interest of the gov-
ernment and the interest of the people. Large importations
fill the coffers of the government, and empty the pockets of
the people. Small importations imply prudence on the part
of the people, and leave the treasury empty. In war the
revenue disappears, in pcace it is unsteady. On such a sys-
tem the revenue will not be able much longer to rely. We
all anticipate that we shall have shortly to resort to some
additional supply of revenue within ourselves. I w as op-
posed to the total repeal of the INTERNAL REVENUE. I
would have preserved certain parts ofit at least, to be ready
for emergencies such as now exist. And I am, for one, ready
to exclude foreign spirits altogether, and substitute for the
revenue levied on them, a tax upon the spirits made in this
country. No other nation lets m so much of foreign spints
a? we do By the encouragement of home industry, you
will lay a basis of INTERNAL TAXATION, when it gets
strong, that will be steady and uniform, yielding alike in
peace and war We do not derive our abilities t,o pay taxes;
that depends upon our wealth and industry; and it is the
same, whatever may be the fmn of levying contributions."
However much gentlemen may falsely denounce
us as being in favor of free trade and direct taxa-
tion, I would submit it to the country whether their
own doctrine of excluding foreign goods, taken'in
connection with the extract I have just read from
Mr. Clay himself, and their doctrine of squander-
ing the proceeds of the public land sales among the
States, are not better calculated to produce alarm on
that subject than anything that can be found in the
democratic creed. The doctrine of direct taxation
finds no advocates in -our ranks. We have, over
and over again, declared our advocacy of a tariff for
revenue, with proper discriminations, and affording
incidental protection. Mr. Calhoun himself, whom
the whigs take most delight in slandering on this
subject, has again and again avowed his sentiments
on this point, and has frequently based his opposi-
tion to a high protective tariff on the very ground
that it would create a necessity, sooner or later, for
a resort to direct taxation for the support of the gen-
eral government.
The following are extracts from his speeches on
that subject:
"The duties on imports, and the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands, are the legitimate sources of revenue.
And it will prove a severe trial to the federal government,
when it shall be forced to resort to INTERNAL TAXES
TO MEET ITS ORDINARY EXPENSES."
"One of the objections T ha-\e urged against the protect-
ive system is, that it would hasten the period when a resort
to internal taxation would be necessary."
Again, we are told that we must build up our
manufacturing establishments, to create a home
market for our grain and provisions. For the last
twenty-eight years, these institutions have been
fostered and fattened on the labor of our farmers,
till at last they have reached the full vigor of matu-
rity: and where is the home market they were to
create for us? I will appeal to my constituents to
know whether they sell their tobacco to these fac-
tories. Certainly not. The most of their labor is
performed by machinery, and the greater part of the
residue is done by girls. Every one knows that
neither their machinery nor their factory girls can
or ought to use tobacco. We must seek a market
abroad for it.
Have these factories opened to my constituents a
home market for their horses, hogs, mules, bagging,
and bale-rope? No, sir, no. Not a dollar's worth
do they buy from us of these articles.
This illusion about a home market has had its
day; and experience has made it unnecessary to
meet it with a serious argument. Sir, I can select a
few small counties in Kentucky that can supply ev-
ery factory in the Union with all the agricultural
productions they require. Talk about Yankee
factories furnislVng the great valley of the
Mississippi with a market for its countless
millions of produce! Sir, we require the
world for our market; and we will have it.
The enterprise and energy and boundless resources
of the West (a vast empire in itself) cannot, will not
be circumscribed and fettered by your partial, un-
just, and iniquitous policy. Confine the great val-
ley of the Mississippi to the home market created
by your factories for her surplus products! The
idea is a* fai&cal as would be the attempt to com-
press the Mississippi itself, the great receptacle of
mighty rivers, into the narrow compass of a mill-
race, to turn their machinery with.
Sir, the steam power constantly employed in
merely transporting, on the broad bosom of the Mis-
sissippi, the products of her rich and extended
plains, is more than all the power that is requisite to
drive all the factories in the Union.
Away, then, with the shallow and exploded fal-
lacy of creating a home market at your eastern fac-
tories for the products of Kentucky and the- valley
of thp^ Mississippi.
With the exception of our tobacco, the market
for the produce of Kentucky is in the southern
States. There is the home market which nature
has created for us. Our interest is deeply identified
with the interest of the South. When that portion
of the Union is prosperous, we are prosperous.
When their resources are not crippled by adversity,
or the miserable policy of your government, our
products will command in their markets almost any '
price that cupidity itself could wish. But all the
experience of the past teaches us that, when adver-
sity gathers her dark clouds over the fortunes of the
South, they are rolled back upon Kentucky, to
burst there with ruin and desolation.
If, then, the high protective tariff of 1842 exacts
from the South 20 per cent, more than a fair rev-
enue tariff would of all the products of their labor,
their ability to purchase from us is diminished 20
per cent, or one-fifth. Consequently, our produce
must fall at that rate. In other words, we get but
$80 for that which would have yielded $ 100. When
the $80 is received by the farmer, and he goes to
lay it out for articles necessary for his family, he
finds them taxed as before stated, at least 25 per
cent, higher than a just tariff would tax them; so that
he can only buy with the $80 as much as $60 would
buy if the tariff were based upon just and proper
principles. Here, then, we see that the tariff di-
minishes the price of our produce and increases the
price of what we buy with the money, till, by this
double injustice of the measure, the farmer's $100
worth of property is exchanged for $60 worth of
goods—a clear loss to him of $40 out of every
$100 of his hard earnings, over and above his just
share of taxation—for the benefit of capitalists,
manufacturers, and moneyed monopolies. Is this
just to the honest farmers of Kentucky?
Truly this policy is aggravating that judgment of
Heaven which declares that man shall live by the
sweat of his brow. It is literally making them
"hewers of wood and drawers of water."
Sir, in behalf of that most honorable and forbear-
ing class of our fellow-citizen, I protest that they
do not deserve this unjust and cruel treatment at the
hands of their government.
Let the trumpet of war proclaim the approach of
an invading foe, and every farmer in Kentucky, and
every farmer's son, will leave his plough standing
in the unfinished furrow, to throw himself between
his country and her enemy. In return, you do not
find them, like the manufacturers, surrounding the
Capitol and clamoring for favors and bounties. They
only ask to be permitted to enjoy the fruits of their
own labor, to contribute their just and equal portion
to the support of government, and not to be plunder-
ed of the residue. The request is reasonable, and
in the name of common justice, I demand that it
shall be granted. If it is not now done, I warn
those who oppose it, to beware of the indignant re-
buke of an injured and down-trodden people.
The tariff of 1842 was hastily adopted as a tem-
porary measure to supply the wants of the treasu-
ry. At the time of its passage, many who voted
for it declared their determination to seize upon the
first opportunity of modifying its provisions. Many
of the ablest whig papers in the Union, immediate-
ly after its passage, declared that it had been hastily
adopted, admitted its imperfections, and its enor-
mous injustice, and boldly declared that it must be
modified.
Sir, for the secret of the passage of that bill, we
must go back to the canvass of 1840! Being un-
able to agree upon any set of principles for the pub-
lic eye, their convention published no crced of
whig faith; but went into the canvass, inviting the
discordant and scattered fragments of all parties, no
matter what were their sentiments, to rally under
one common standard.
Some were for a high tariff, some for a bank, some
for the distribution, and some for the bankrupt law:
all of them agreeing only on ri,e point—to turn out
the democrats, and put themselves in power.
I shall pass by, as unworthy of notice, all their
disgusting mummery, insulting shows, andbacchanc -
lian revels. My object is not to animadvert upen
the means resorted to by them, when, in their ov, n
emphatic language, they "stooped to conquer."
On the contrary, I wish to advert to the jninciphs
upon which they conducted the memorable canvass
