528
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Caldwell.
May, 1844.
H. of Reps.
of 1840. I cannot better do this than by reading
the following extract from a letter- recently written
" by a gentleman of the whig party, now a distin-
guished member of this body from Virginia, [Mr.
Willoughby Newton.] And before I commence
reading, I would ask the gentleman himself, if he
is present, to observe whether, in the p?per from
which I read, his letter is correctly quoted:
"On reviewing the events of the last four }Tears, no im-
partial observer can fail'to perceive that the disasters which
have befallen the whig party, and cast a blight over the
prosperity of the country, have resulted, in a great mea-
sure, from the want of candor and fairness in avowing and
maintaing our principles, especially m Virginia. We com-
menced the canvass of 1840 under the most discouraging
circumstances. The whigs proper were in a small minority
throughout the Union} a party had been formed out of the
discordant elements then in opposition to the administration
of Mr. Van Buren. Our eagerness for success induccd us to
extend our nets, so as to embrace birds of every feather.
"We not only asked no questions of those "who offered them-
selves as allies for the war, but our own convention at
Richmond actually repudiated the loading principles and
measures of the -whig party. "We thus entered the cam-
paign, a discordant mass, some fighting for principle, and
others for freedom, and animated by but one common prin-
ciple—that of opposition to the administration of Mr. Van
Buren. We had a long and arduous contest, and achieved
what we supposed to be a glorious triumph But what ad-
vantages have we reaped from our labors' The fruits of
all our toils have turned to ashes on our lips; and we may
truly exclaim, with Pyrrhus, 'one more such victory, and
we are undone.' The treachery of the present executive, and
of some of his prominent allies, derived countenance and
suport from the whig address of 1840} and impartial history
may find it difficult to determine whether the convention is
most to be censured for its indiscretion in putting forth
such an address, or those very scrupulous politicians for
availing themselves of it as a pretext for abandoning their
party."
Never was a more striking picture drawn}—
never was the truth more boldly and can-
didly avowed: and now, on behalf of the coun-
try, I thank him most heartily for the avowal.
The whole country will thank him for the earnest-
ness with which he has endeavored to impress up-
on his party that golden but neglected maxim that
''honesty is the best policy." I very much fear,
however, they are not likely to profit by his advice.
Still do their political meetings present nothing but
revelry and rioting—wild beasts and shows. Still
is the coon the idol of their adoration. Still
is there a concealment of their principles to some
extent from the public eye. In Kentucky they are
fighting the battle on the question of an old fashioned
bank of the United States, such as it was when Mr.
Biddle wielded its mighty power. In other sections
of the Union, and especially where the old bank, by
her own inherent corruption rotted down—a mass of
fraud and villany—the question is declared by Mr.
Clay's ablest advocates to be "an obsolete idea."
There, sir, the name of that bank Is seldom mentioned
except to give vent to the curses of those who have
been ruined by her swindling, or to call forth the
tears of the widows and orphans who have been
cruelly plundered by that "old fashioned bank1' of
their earthly all, and turned out beggars'upon the
world, wretched and broken hearted.
Even here, sir, upon this floor, where Mr. Biddle
and the bank might once have contested the point
of precedence, in the Pantheon of whig idola-
try, even with the coon itself, notwithstanding
all the stump speeches and speeches for Bun-
combe, made here during the present session,
in which that party have said all_ that they
dared to say consistently with their safety—
no gentleman has ventured to commit Mr. Clay or his
party, as far as I have heard, in favor of the revival of
that most detested institution, or, hi truth, of any sort
of hank. Not only "are there none so poor as to do
it reverence," but I have not even heard one of them
allude to it. Their silence has been such as if they
feared to whisper the word ban>, lest they rnight
call up the ghost of the departed bank, in regions
where it would be more startling and frightful to
their hopes than was Banquo^ ghost to Macbeth.
But, Mr. Chairman, I was speaking of the can-
vass of 1840. I have not now time to dwell upon
it, nor is it necessary that I should. It is indelibly
impressed upon the recollection of all. It consti-
tutes a part of the history of the country. Is there
a patriot and lover of liberty and morality that does
not wish that the waters of Lethe could be dashed
across the page that, records it, and blot it out for-
ever?
The entire canvass consisted of false and unfound-
ed charges against the administration of Mr Van
Buren, and all sorts of pledges and promises that
any one might ask, or they themselves could in-
vent. How those pledes have been fulfilled, let a de-
luded and disappointed people answer.
No sooner had they secured their triumph, than
they rush to the Capitol,-eager for the spoils of vic-
tory, and with the indecent haste of men unaccus-
tomed to power. Now for their promised reform.
Now for Mr. Webster's "new set of books." I
have been examining the volume containing the acts
of that extraordinary session of Congress. The
first act seems to have sprung from that homely
old adage, which teaches that" "charity begins at
home." Believing that, of all this oppressed coun-
try, they themselves were the most worthy, and
most needy sufferers, their first act is one to pay
themselves. What admirable benevolence ! What
extended philanthropy' The next act of that re-
lief session is one appropriating twenty-five thousand
dollars to Mrs. Harrison. The third act is one to
borrow twelve millions of dollars, and thereby create
a permanent public debt of that amount.
Notwithstanding all their pledges of economy, re-
trenchment and reform, we find them, at that extraor-
dinary session, spending and appropriating upwards
of five millions of dollars, when the preceding Con-
gress had made all the appropriations necessary to
carry on the government till the next regular ses-
sion of Congress. Time will not allow me to en-
ter into details. The aggregate appropriations of
the two years of whig rule were $58,779,868 54—an
average for each year of $29,389,934 27, which ex-
ceeds the expenditure of the last year of Mr. Van
Buren's administration by the sum of $7,058,787 27.
I will here mention one other item included in
this amount of whig expenditure. It is the sum of
$47,162 76 for the purchase of books, to be dis-
tributed among the members of Congress them-
selves.
During the canvass we were unbhvshingly told
that Mr. Van Buren's administration had left a debt
of forty millions of dollars. Of this false charge, I
believe the most reckless of the party have now be-
come ashamed. The whigs themselves, during the
present session of Congress, have stated it to be
from five to eight millions. This debt was in
treasury notes, redeemable as money might come
into the treasury} and, if the democratic party had
succceded in 1840, would have been soon redeemed,
as the country was fast recovering from the embar-
rassments thrown around it by bank frauds, and
that extraordinary- combination of unfortunate cir-
cumstances, which no administration ever before had
to encounter.
This celebrated 27th Congress, however, increased
that debt—instead of paying it, as they ought and
could—to the sum of more than $28,000,000—
making an increase in the public debt in two years
of about $20,000,000. Thus, in a time of profound
Eeace, when neither "war, pestilence, nor famine,"
ad scourged us, have a confiding people been foully
betrayed, and saddled with a large permanent pub-
lic debt.
From the time this Congress first assembled till
the end of the period for which they were elected,
was about twenty-one months. Of this they were
in session between fifteen and sixteen morths, leav-
ing but a little over five months recess, which was
very pleasantly and very profitably spent in visiting
their homes, and drawing their three allowances of
mileage for the trips. But, sir, the people will ask,
How was so much time spent, when so little good
resulted from it? Need I remind them of the amount
of time consumed in the passage of that great whig
measure, the bankrupt law? And of the time con-
sumed m attempting to repeal it, until at last its re-
peal was so loudly and urgently demanded by an
indignant people, that the same Congress ih.it pass-
ed it were compelled lelucUmtly to undo their own
wicked wnik5 Need I remind them of the time con-
sumed its trving to impeach their own President, and
to "head Captain Tyler11 with their fiscal and bank
lulls, and their family jars and quairels about dis-
tribution and the tariff' Sir, if I were to go into
details, there was iniquity enough m that Congress
to make a volume. I will merely mention, in addi-
tion, that one of the most prominent members (if not
the most distinguished) of the entire whi« or federal
party [Mr. ,1ohm (Utncy Aoam1-] was, dining that
Congress, arraigned and tried on charges little short
of high tieason. Weeks were consumed m the argu-
ment of the case; and in a letter written on that
subject by Mr. Marshall of Kentucky, then a whig
member of Congress, he declared that, out of six
months which they had then been in session, Mr.
Adams had consumed two months in endeavoring
to repeal the rule against abolition petitions, or to
foist in petitions against its provisions.
The course taken by Mr, Clay in the Senate
during that Congress is known to every one. H«
was truly called the dictator. He virtually usurped
the authority given by the constitution to the Presi-
dent, and pointed out to Congress, by a string of
resolutions, the subjects on which they -^yere to
legislate, and declared in a speech thai -tMy~ con-
stituted the great chain of whig measures, which
must all be passed, or none could be passed. A
subservient Senate and truckling House of Repre-
sentatives dared not disobey him.
And he himself, in order to preserve that despotic
chain unbroken, refused to obey the known will of
his constituents on the subject of the bankrupt law.
Having never been able either to coax or drive
the people of the United States into his support, he
siezed upon the reins of government amid the fumes
and fog still rising from the orgies of 1840; and
most furiously ditl he drive the car of state. Mad-
dened by the mtoxicatiug influence of power, he
dashed, Phccton-like, wildly on; upset tne chariot;
precipitated himself to the level from which he had
sprung unbidden; destroyed—not the world—but
his own party; extinguished—not the light of the
world—but the last lingering ray of hope, which his
insatiate ambition still fanned into a torch to light
him to the presidency,
Mr. Chairman, if we had time it would be amu-
sing as well as instructing to notice the history of
the federal party from their utter overthrow under
the elder Adams down to the present time—to mark
the tact and ingenuity with which they have
changed their front and their name whenever inter- .
est required it. It would be equally amusing to
observe the character of the allies of every variety
of hue and principle, which at different periods they
have enrolled amongst that heterogeneous mass of
discordant elements.
Mr. John Gtuincy Adams, the most cunning of
tlieir party, is said once to have used, in regard to
their party name, the following memorable words:
"If we cannot alter things, we will change their
names." Accordingly, they rejected the name feder-
alist, and assumed the more popular one of national
republican—with Mr. Clay and Mr. Adams at their
head. Of this new name of the old federal party,
Mr. Jefferson said:
"The Hartford convention, the victory of Orleans, the
peace of Ghent, prostrated the name of federalism. Its \ ota-
ries abandoned it through shame and mortification; and now
call themselves republicans. But the name alone is chang-
ed, the principles are the same."
Having worn out a variety of good names, they
now claim to be whigs, or democratic whigs. Still
we see their leaders are the same—Henry Clay, John
Gtuincy Adams, and Daniel Webster. It may be
well enough here to read the opinion of Mr. Jeffer-
son, the great apostle of democracy, in relation to
Mr. Clay, the present leader of this pretended demo-
cratic whig party. He says:
'•Henry Clay is merely a splendid orator, without any
valuable knowledge from experience or study, or any de-
termined public principles, founded in political science,
either practical or theoretical/'
Mr. Chairman, we have been warned here of the
danger of restoring men to power, who have been
once turned out.
I shall say nothing of the restoration of Mr. Van
Buren—to whom they allude—because I do not ex-
pect him to be the candidate of our party. But, sir,
there is a restoration that I will unite in warning th«
country against. It is the restoration of the firm of
Clay & Adams—that combined power which was
so signally prostrated in 3828 by the overwhelming
judgment of the notion.—of tho°e men who ha\e
over since, under md m*mv different names, and in so
many dlife?ent guises, been grasping at power.
I shall not comment upon tlw ^ery extraordinary
en eumstanoes under wlueh thf,y seized upon the
rein?1, of government m 1824, because my opportu-
nities of knowing the facts of this transaction were far
infenoi to those possessed by my older and abler
colleague, |Mt\ Boyd,] who has ahcady so ably
treated that subjcct,
1 will merely say—without deeming it mcessary
to speak hereof the motives that inline need the^a
gentlemen—that, by the denunciations of Mr. Clay,
Mr. Adaips had been made utteily odious in the
West, and especially in Kentucky.
He had boldly ehaiged Mr. Adams wuh attempt-
ing, at Ghent, to barter off the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river, and to throw that great artery of
western commerce under the power and control,
and dominion of a foreign and hostile government—
a government that \\ atehes ith sleepless "\ igilance
every oportunity of striking a blow at our free insti-
tutions.
