CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
most earnestly against the passage of the bill lately reported
by the Committee of W§ys and Means.
* By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of C. H. Sutphen,
and sundry other citizens from La Salle county, praying for
•a mail route from Ottowa, via Monsontown and Sutphen's
Pcftnt, to Papau Grove: referred to the Committee Ion the
Post Office and Post Hoads.
By Mr. REDING: The petition of Benjamin G. Perkins of
Jefferson, Coos county, New Hampshire, for a pension: re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr." RAMSEY: The petition of Owen Doyle, Frank
Donohoe, Dennis Klinn, Patrick Hagan, and 220 citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, protesting against anv in-
terference with the tariff of 1S42.
By Mr,SMITH of Illinois: The petition of John.Logan,
and 75 other citizens of Jackson and Perry counties, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from Murpheysboro,
the county scat of Jackson county, by the way of Vergen-
nes Prairie, to Pinckneyville, the county seat of Perry
"county: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By^Ir. CARY: The petition of 99 citizens of Scholiaric
county, in the State of New York, praying for the reduc-
tion of postage, and the abolition of the franking privilege:
referred to the Committee on the Tost Office and Post
Roads.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 15,1844.
RESIGNATION OF MR. KING.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication; which was read,
and'ordercd to be entered upon the journal—viz:
April 15, 1844.
Sir: I have forwarded to the Governor of the State of Ala-
bama my resignation as senator of the United States. No
language can express the painful emotions I experience in
separating "myself from the distinguished body over which
-you preside, after having enjoyed the high privilege of be-
ing one of its members for more than a quarter of a century.
During this long period, such has been my friendly inter-
course -with senators, and such their uniform courtesy and
kindness towards me, as to have impressed upon my heart
feelings of gratitude and respect, which neither time or dis-
tance can ever efface. A seat in the Senate of the United
States ought to satisfy the ambition of the loftiest spirit in
the land. It was more than sufficient to satisfy mine. With
perhaps a single "exception, there is no higher position in
this or any other country, when the senator feels that he is
sustained at home, as I have been by the unwavering sup-
f>ort of my honored State.' I part from the Senate with ra-
uctance'and regret, jto enter upon a new theatre of public
service: but my prayer shall ever be that, in all time to
come, that body may maintain the high character, and pie-
serve the commanding influence which it has so justly
acquired.
-With heartfelt wishes for the health, prosperity, and hap.
jiiness of each individual member, 1 bid them all an affec-
tionate farewell,
With the highest rcspect,
I am, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM It. KING.
To the Hon. William P. Man-gum,
President of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. also presented to the
Senate a series of resolutions and memoi"ials adopted
by citizens of St. Johns county, East Florida in
favor of a division of the Territory'of Florida into
two separate territorial governments, one for East
and the other for West Florida: referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Also, resolutions adopted by the citizens of Pine
Grove and vicinity, in the county of Schuylkill,
Pennsylvania, and a memorial numerously signed,
protesting against any alteration of the existing
tariff: referred to the.Committee on Finance.
Mr. BREESE presented the petion of Moses
Meekin of Wisconsin, praying for the passage of a
special act of Congress, giving the right of appeal
from the decision of the - commissioners under the
act of July 2d, 1836, respecting claims to town lots
in Galena, Illinois: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also presented a petition from George Gordon, of
Randolph county, Illinois, praying Congress to le-
galize the entry of certain fractional sections of the
public lands, in the State of Missouri: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of Isaac Wilson and 17 others,
citizens of Kane county, Illinois, praying that Con-
gress will propose certain amendments of the con-
stitution, so as to appropriate money on request of
the States, to purchase the slaves therein, with a
view to their emancipation; and also to aid, by ap-
propriation of moneys, the colonization of free
blacks. \
Mr. HAYWOOD raised the question of recep-
tion on the memorial; which was laid on the table.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented a memorial from 260
citizens of Chicago, Illinois, protesting against any
change or modification of the tariff of 1843; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BAYARD presented a remonstrance of the
character of the above from citizens of Delaware;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented .a memorial from
the president and professors of Marshall College,
Pennsylvania, together with a number of citizens of
- Pennsylvania, asking Congress to reduce the rates
of postage on letters and newspapers, and to modi-
fy the franking privilege: ordered to lie on the table.
Also, four memorials from different parts of Penn-
sylvania, protesting against any change in the pres-
ent tariff: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial from Beaver county, Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against the ratification of any
treaty for the annexation of Texas to the United
States, and likewise any measures having that end
in view: referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial signed by
Wm, H. Wilson & Co., and 70 master tailors and
others employed in the manufacture of clothing in
Boston city, remonstrating against reducing the duty
on imported ready-made clothing from 50 to 20 per
cent., as proposed by the new tariff bill of the House
of Representatives: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from corpo-
rate authorities of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, asking for an appropriation of $5,000 for
the removal of a sand-bar in the Potomac, below
that town, and the testing, in such removal, the pro-
ject of W. S. Colquhoun, esq., of Virginia, for re-
moving sand-bars in the navigable rivers of the
United States: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Harrison, Prov-
idence township, Luzerne county, Pennsylvania,
setting forth the advantages of the present tariff to
the business of the country, and remonstrating
against the bill reported in the House of Represent-
atives for its modification: referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from By-
ron W. Darling and others, alleging that the fishing
bounty was earned by schooner St. Cloud, owned
by the petitioners, in the season of 1842; but the
collector of the ports of Penobscot and Frenchman's
bay refused to pay the same, because not wholly
earned under a licensc from either office, but partly
under both; and praying that said bounty may be al-
lowed and paid them: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented two memorials from
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against any alteration in the tariff: referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial from citizens
of the town of Springfield, Vermont, remonstrating
against any modification of the existing tariff, and
against the annexation of Texas to the United
States: referred to the Committee on Finance; and
that relating to Texas to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also presented memorials, numerously signed,
from Midlebury, Bridgeport, Cornwall, Salisbury,
Nyebridge, Whiting, Starksboro, Leicester, Ar-
lington, and Shroveham, Vermont, setting forth the
salutary influence of the tariff of 1842, and remon-
strating against any modification or the repeal of
that law. Mr. P. said he had but Uvo remarks to
make with reference to these memorials: 1st, they
were signed by persons of all political parties; ana,
2d, that a vast majority of the remonstrants were en-
faged in agriculture: referred to the Committee on
'inance.
Mr. UPHAM presented a memorial signed by
230 freemen of the town of Rockingham, in Wind-
ham county, Vermont, protesting, 1st, against any
alteration of the present tariff; 2d, against the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States; 3d, against
any legislation upon the Oregon question, until an
attempt has been made to settle it by negotiation.
The petition relating to the tariff was referred to the
Finance Committee, and the remainder to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a memorial from the State of Vermont at
large, four from citizens of Troy and Morgan, Or-
leans county, and one from citizens of Washington
county, Vermont, protesting against the annexation
of Texas to the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from
legal voters of the town of Sullivan, in the State of
New Hampshire, against the annexation of Texas:
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. UPHAM,
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of granting to the heirs ol'
Rebecca Morehouse, deceased, widow ofDavid Morehoufre,
a soldier of the war of the" revolution, the pension whit h
was due the said Rebecca at the time of her decease. -
Mr.- SEVIER, from the Committee oa Pensions,
reported back without amendment, and with a, rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill .from
House for the relief of Levi Collmus. • "
Also, fronj the same committee, made adverse re-
ports, ■ which were ordered to be printed, on the
petition of Sarah Dagget, -widow of a revolutionary
soldier, praying for a continuation of her-pension;
and the petition of Theodocia Netherland, the widow
of Benjamin Netherland, an officer of the revolution,
praying for a pension. '
Also, from the same committee, reported back with-
out amendment, (accompanied by written reports,ad-
verse to their passage, which were ordered to be
printed,) three separate bills from the House for the
relief ef Enoch McDaniel, Isaac Plummer, and
Arthur R. Frogge.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Rev^
olutionary Claims, made adverse reports on the
following cases, which were ordered to be printed,
viz: the petition of Margaret Agnes Bingham, heir
at law of Thomas Armor, praying the reimburse-
bursement of advances made, and payment for ser-
vices rendered by him during the revolutionary
war; the petition of the heirs of Christopher Taylor,
a surgeon's mate in the.revolutionary army, praying
commutation pay; and the petition of Rebecca Beck-
ham, daughter of Robert Lovell, an officer of the
revolution, praying for the payment of arrears of
pay due him, with interest, and to be allowed 7 years'
half pay.
Mr. J., from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of James Bell, deceased; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading, and the rejiort
accompanying to be printed.
Mr. J. also, from the, Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the petition for a pension
from William Miller, a soldier in the late war with
Great Britain; which was ordered to be printed. ,
Also reported back from the same committee,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it be indefinitely postponed, the bill from the
House for the relief of Daniel Dunham.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, made an adverse report (which was ordered to
be printed) oii the petition from a number of the
Stockbridge tribe of Indians, of the citizen party, for
a division among that tribe of a sum of money. re-
ceived and invested for their benefit by the United
States.
Also reported back from the same committee,
with an amendment, House bill entitled An act
granting a pension to Milly,an Indian woman of the
Creek nation.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the communica-
tion received from the State Department a few days
ago, transmitted in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, calling for information of certain suppos-
ed abuses of the American flag in subservience of
the slave trade, was taken from the table, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The adverse report of the Committee on Claims,
in the case of Jas. W. Breedlove, was concurred in
by the Senate.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the Senate
took up for consideration the bill Entitled *'An act to
repeal an act directing the survey of the northern
line of the reservation of the half, breeds of the Sac
and Fox tribe of Indians by the treaty of August,
1824," approved March 3d, 1843.
Mr. HENDERSON explained the object of the
bill; and there being no proposition to amend, it was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
The bill from the House making appropriation
of certain moneys in the treasury for the naval ser-
vice, was read twice, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
PENSION BILL.
The House bill making appropriation for the pay-
ment of revolutionary and other pensions for the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1845, which had been
returned from the House with certain amendments
to the amendments made by the Senate, was taken
up, and committed to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian Aft
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of David Robb, of
Ohio: which was read, and ordered to a second read*
