516
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
inj*, and the report accompanying ordered to be
printed.
THE TARIFF THE COMPROMISE ACT.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the resolution reported from
the Committee on Finance, for the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill introduced by Mr. McDuffie,
for reducing the rate of duties under the present tar-
iff to the standard of the compromise act.
Mr. CHOATE remarked that he had, on the
former day on which he had addressed the Senate,
assumed, and he trusted he had maintained success-
fully, the position that the statesmen of 18X6 and
1824 had proceeded on the same rational policy
principles of political economy that the statesmen of
1789 h«.d been actuated by. But he might be asked,
if such were the fact, why were the duties under
tb.6 acts of 1816 and 1824 made to transcend so
much the duties of 1789? To this he would
answer, that the reason why the duties of 1789 were
so low, was, that they were found quite sufficient to
raise the amount of revenue then required for the
wants of the government; and that the same duties,
under altered circumstances, were found wholly
insufficient in 1816 and 1824. Besides, in 1789
there was not a cotton spindle in the United States.
Cotton manufactures, woollen manufactures, iron
manufactures, were not then domestic interests in
existence, and demanding special protection; where-
as in 1810, there were 80,000 spindles in full opera-
tion, and those interests had grown up as peculiarly
national interests. He read extracts from the re-
ports of Messrs. Gallatin, Dallas, and Newton, to
show the progress of manufactures from the year
1791, when the first spindle was set in motion in the
United States, to 1810, when 80,000 were in full
operation. There was not, at that period, (1791,)
even a woollen factory, requiring the parental care
of the government. The interruptions to American
commerce during the restrictive systems of Euro-
pean nations in 1807, '8, '9, and '10, had given such
stimulus to American manufactures, that to keep
them alive for one hour after the war, the duties of
1789 would have been wholly insufficient. With
the battle of Waterloo one age went out, and a new
age came in—an age to which no • monarch could
affix his name, for it was a new age which justly
should be called the age of the people.
Every nation thenceforward seemed determined to
abandon war, and turn all its attention to the peace-
ful developments of its own internal resources.
We could not have stood the competition with
England for the existence of manufactures, in 1816,
haa not our government extended to our manufac-
turers some more enlarged protection than the duties
of 1789 afforded. Mr. C. here reviewed the history
of the tariff'acts of 1816 and 1824, with a view of
showing that the whole Country then recognized the
necessity of conforming to the new policy developed
by the new age of the world—the industrial age—
which had come into existence after the battle of
Waterloo—a battle which had terminated the age of
military despotism. He referred to an English
pamphlet to prove that, after the continental war,
every civilized nation of the world adopted a pro-
tective system almost prohibitory, for the benefit of
its own manufacturers, except Holland and Turkey.
He asked what now was Holland, with her free
trade? Was she the Holland of former times? the
Holland which gave England her deliverer in 1688?
the Holland which once held the dominion of the
seas, and the carrying trade of nations? No; her
commerce was gone. She was now the least con-
siderable of European states. And as for Turkey,
its policy wasto receive every thing free, but ad-
mit nothing to come out.
He next adverted to the tabular statements ad-
duced by the senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
the purport of which was to show a progressive in-
crease of imports and revenues during his first
epoch of twenty-five years, while they showed ex-
treme fluctuations in both imports and revenue du-
ring the second epoch, from 1817 to 1842. Now,
he admitted that there might be more fluctuations
when this nation had grown up to a quadruple pop-
ulation, and during great convulsions of trade, cur-
rency , &c.5 than during its years of infancy; but
these fluctuations would happen, whether with high
or low duties; and to attribute them to the tariff acts
of 1816, 1824, or 1828, would be just as reasonable
as was the grumbling of the gentleman in the Spec-
tator, who insisted that there never had been good
weather in England since the revolution. But sup-
{x>smg it were true that, since 1816, less imports
had been consumed in this country than before 1807,
he asked what then? It only proved that home man-
ufactures had supplanted foreign manufactures, and
that, therefore, the national wealth had been in-
creased. It showed that the purpose of protection
—incidental protection, such as the statesmen of
1789 intended should so operate—had built up home
manufactures, which-were able to compete with
foreign manufacturers, and supply their own mar-
ket on cheaper terms. It was creating, in place of
a precarious foreign commerce, a permanent domes-
tic commerce of infinitely more national value. He
should hold, to the day of his death, that there are
certain principles, which he would not be content
with merely saying are self-evident, but which he
held to be indispensable; they are, that we are do-
ing not a bad thing, but an excellent good thing, for
agriculture, when we are building up a new source
of employment which creates a new market for ag-
ricultural products; that the best exports for a coun-
try are its manufactured products; and that, how-
ever valuable foreign commerce may be to a nation,
domestic commerce is still more valuable. These
he considered indisputable propositions; and he
maintained that these were the principles which the
protective system upheld and promoted.
Reverting to the practical question at issue, which
he considered was, that the existing duties are ex-
cessive; that a rate of only half the average duty of
the act of 1842, would be more productive of rev-
enue; and that the bill under discussion would afford
ample incidental protection for home manufactures:
he asked, where was the proof of all this? where
the evidence that this experiment would be safe—
that it would be successful? He insisted that the
onus of proof was thrown upon those calling for
this change. Was it to be deduced from the ex-
perience of the low tariff period of 1841 and 1842?
If it was not given then, where was it to be ob-
tained? It was tried from 1789 till immediately be-
fore the year 1816, and failed; it was tried in 1841,
and equally failed. One of the proofs now brought
forwa rd was, that some manufactures afford enor-
mous profits. This depended upon representations
of newspapers which were implicitly believed—be-
lieved without examination into the foundation on
which they were raised. But supposing it was true
that in one branch of business profits were large,
that was no reason why all other branches of busi-
ness should be cut down by removing the protec-
tive duties under which they preserved their ex-
istence. It was a levelling proposition, that, be-
cause one individual in a regiment was taller than
the rest, the heads of all should be cut off to bring
the regiment to a standard height.
To illustrate the necessity for giving stability and
permanency to the cultivation of the mechanic arts,
he quoted the British monthly magazine, and the
opinions of a Prussian gazette; the one advocating
the interests of British manufactures, and the other
the interests of German home industry. Such, he
insisted, should also be the policy of the United
States.
He concurred with the senators from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] and from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] that
this was an inauspicious movement—at the eve of a
presidential election—to attempt any change. He
would go further and say, that he could wish that,
during the year preceding a presidential election,
the tariff question in Congress should be a tabooed
question—a forbidden ground of intermeddling.
It was a dog-day and feverish season; and he could
see the consequent influence of exciting topics of
discussion in the attacks made during this debate
on Massachusetts. It was her manufactures—her
enormous profits—that newspaper paragraphs had
been raked up to assail, while not a word was said
about Pennsylvania. But was Massachusetts the
author of the tariff acts of 1816 or 1824? Gentle-
men who attacked her should look nearer home.
What good would it do South Carolina and New
Hampshire to strip Massachusetts of her manufac-
tures, and drive her back to her ice and granites?
Was it nothing that she now consumes $42,000,000
of the agricultural products of her sister States—
nearly one-half of the exports of the Union? Not
a spindle does she turn that does not put money in
the pockets of every farmer from New Hampshire
to the base of the Rocky mountains. Manufactur-
ers and mechanics are Unionists in profession and
principles, and national in all things. The States of
this Union must be taken as they arc. All have
their characteristics and peculiarities; they had them
before they came into the Union. He should not
wonder to see the State of Massachusetts again, as
she once was, opposed to this government—not to
the next administration of it, [laughter;] but he
would say to the government, be just to her and she
will be a blessing to the Union. .
Mr. BAGBY next obtained the floor; but the
hour being late, he hoped the pending question
would be passed over informally.
Mr. MERRICK hoped the senator would consent
to let it be postponed for a week or ten days, with a
view of affording time to get through with the post
office bill.
On motion, the pending question was laid on the
table, with an understanding that the senator from
Alabama (Mr. Bacby) would have the right of call-
ing it up whenever he felt disposed to proceed with
his remarks.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE AND ABATEMENT
OF THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the post office
bill was taken upas in committee of the whole.
Mr. MERRICK said he believed the question
pending was on the amendment, proposed by the
senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbury.]
The CHAIR stated that the amendment was to
strike out the word "double," in the 16th line of
the first section, and to insert "fifty per cent, more
than."
Mr. MERRICK explained that the effect would
be to make the postage for every additional quarter
of an ounce over the half ounce, chargeable with
single postage, half as much more as the single post'
age. This, he feared, would prevent the object be-
ing effected that the committee had in view; which
was to make the increase of postage with the in-
crease of weight, such as would keep persons from
combining to send numerous letters in envelops at
less postage than they would come to, each person
mailing his letters for himself.
Mr. WOODBURY had not stopped to argue
whether the standard for single rates of postage was
too high or too low; but he had merely looked to
the standard proposed in the bill; and on that, he
considered the double postage for an increase of a
quarter of an ounce would be too much. He had
looked to the analogies furnished by the rules
adopted in the post office departm&its of England,
France, and Prussia, where double postage was on-
ly charged on double weights.
Mr. MERRICK suggested that a great object was
to make the rates of postage according to the deci-
mal coins of the United States, and great inconve-
niences would arise from making divisions such as
the amendment would authorize.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested that all the incon-
venience alluded to could be avoided by adopting
the England rule of only doubling the postage when
the weight was doubled.
The question being put on this amendment, and
it being found that there was not a quorum present,
Mr. PHELPS rose for the purpose of moving an
adjournment; but,
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, who said that the
senator from Pennsylvania had called to his mind
that there was a question of reference to be dis-
posed of in secret session, which would not take
five minutes, the Senate went into executive ses-
sion, and shortly after
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 15, 1844.
The journal of Saturday having been read,
The SPEAKER said that the first business in
order was the resolution of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. C. Johnson] to terminate debate on
the army appropriation bill.
Mr. BURKE, on leave, offered the following
resolution, which was considered, and agreed to:
JUxolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to lay
before this House certified ropies of all proposals and offers
made by Isaac Hill & Sons, and true statements of all propo*
sals and offers submitted in any form not in writing, for
printing and furnishing blanks for the several post offices of
the United States, under the late advertisements of the Post
Office Department, inviting such proposals, copies of which
were recently laid before this House; and that he also _ re-
port to this House whether any part of the terms or obliga-
tions of the late contracts maae in pursuance of the adver-
tisement before mentioned for furnishingblanks have at any
time been altered, modified, released, or cancelled; and if so,
what alterations and modifications have been made in said
contract, and what portions of the same have been released
or cancelled.
Mr. SIMONS submitted the following reso
lution, which was considered, and agreed to;
