May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cojng 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. McDuJJie.
Senate.
tor from Missouri regards as the definition of war.
The President of the United States—with - a
precaution and wisdom, I must say, that will do
him great credit, and with a firmness worthy of
General Jackson in his best days—hay not proceeded
in this matter, as if it were a game of children's
play. He has boldly, but wisely and prudently,
come up to the emergency. Well knowing the
character of Mexico, and aware that our citizens
might be exposed to predatory acts on Hand, and
piracy on sea, he has givensueh orders for the move-
ment of our military and naval forces as the; occa-
sion demanded. It would have been downright
drivelling to have done less. But if the President
had directed those movements with the constitution
open before him, and a council of Philadelphia law-
yers at his elbow, he could not have plumbed the line
of his constitutional power more precisely than he
has done. The orders to the home squadron, and
the army of observation sent to the Sabine, were to
watch and ascertain the threatened movements of
Mexico, should any such be made, and promptly re-
port them to headquarters here, that they may be as
promptly reported to Congress.
Now, on the authority of these orders, the sena-
tor from Missouri assures us, and with great vehe-
mence, too, that "we are already at war with Mex-
ico." In support of this assertion, he gravely turns
to a military dictionary; and there he finds, from
one of its definitions, that a "corps of observation"
is a military corps sent to explore the movements of
an "enemy." There (says the senator) is war for
you! You have called the squadron ordered off the
Mexican coast a ''squadron of observation," and
the detachments ordered to the Sabine a "corps of
observation;" and on the authority of the military
dictionary, lie says the President has made war
against Mexico! If to employ a corps of observa-
tion is to make war, then we arc at war whh Mex-
ico, doubtless; and not with Mexico alone, but with
all the powers in the West Indians, on the Mediter-
ranean, and on the coast of Africa; for we have
squadrons of observation in every sea to protect our
commerce, and to make war on pirates. But I do
not exactly concur in this definition; and I shall
now attempt, not to define, but to show, by plain il-
lustrations, what is war, and what, in my opinion,
is not war.
Mr. Choute here interposed to explain. He had
referred, not to the dictionary, but to writers on the
law of nations—to Rutherforth and Grotius.
Mr. McD. resumed. After the battle of Sari Ja-
cinto, where five hundred men conquered a thou-
sand, killing one half, and making the other half
prisoners, and capturing the Mexican chief in per-
son,—after this battle, thus glorious to the solitary
star of Texas, the captive chief, to save his own life,
recognised Texian independence, so far as it was in
his power to do it; and all the generals who were
with the invading army concurrcd in the measure,
to save the whole from destruction; and all the au-
thorities of Mexico—so precious did they deem the
life of their chief, boastfully denominated the "Na-
poleon of the South"—ratified, by fair implication,
the convention which he had made with the authori-
ties of Texas; and I refer to this convention, be-
cause I deem it more relative to the issue than the
treaty of Cordova, to which the honorable senator
referred—not because it was a valid treaty, but as
an illustration and a proof of a historical fact. Now
I consider the convention of San Jacinto a fact the
more important, because that same Santa Anna is
now at the head of the Mexican republic. Now
the honorable senators msist that although, during
the eight years that have elapsed since the date of this
convention, no hostile Mexican foothas rested on the
soil of Texas, and no war of conquest has been at-
tempted, but only the brief incursions of irregular
bands for purposes of pillage and plunder, yet the
war is still raging? Why, said the honorable sena-
tor from Massachusetts, "read the proclamations put
forth by the Mexican government, and all her pub-
lic official acts, denouncing vengeance; and will you
call that peace? Read the counter proclamations
and defiances of Texas; and will you call that
peace?" Sir, I admit at once, that if war consisted
in manifestoes and proclamations merely—if it could
be carried on by "paper bullets of the bram"—then
there might be now a flagrant war raging between
Mexico and Texas.
But I will now bring this question to the test of a
practical illustration. I am not sure that the senator
from Massachusetts [Mi. Choate] has ever witness-
ed a fight between two bullies on a court-house
preen. For His especial benefit, I will therefore sup-
pose a pitched battle to take place between two such
heroes—the respeclive champions of two militia
regiments. The largest of these bullies, it shall be
supposed, gets horribly and disgracefully whipped,
and returns from the ring with aN bloody nose and
fallen crest. The battle between them did not last
over five minutes; but the defeated hera, having
reached a safe position, with asufficient interposition
of distance, stands there for two long hours by
Shrewsbury clock, cursing, vilifying, and denoun-
cing bis adversary in all the choice phrases which
can be collected from the vocabulary of bilingsgate
or a Pope's bull—the conquering- hero hearing all
this with perfect composure, and in all the dignified
silence of contempt. Now, will the senators from
Massachusetts and Missouri be good enough to tell
me how long, in this case, the fight actually lasted?
Did it continue only five minutes, or two hours?
Did it continue during the actual conflict, or during
the whole period in which the defeated hero con-
tinued to hurl his impotent curses at the head of his
conqueror? The answer to these questions will, in
my opinion, settle the question whether Mexico is
at war with Texas. For myself, I consider this fight
to have lasted just five minutes, and no longer. But,
for sake of variety, I will suppose another conflict
equally in point—one which I presume, as I did be-
fore, the senator from Massachusetts never witness-
ed in his life, but which I feel very sure the honora-
ble senator from Missouri has witnessed very often
—I mean a cock-fight. I will suppose, then, a fight
to take place between a large dunghill roost-
er and a small game-cock, to make a precise
fit ill the illustration. The dunghill cocK, as
is usual with birds of that feather, gives a violent
flap or two, and then shows his feather, hack, and
runs. When he gets out of the reach of danger,
he turns round, picks up a gravel to stimulate his
craw, struts for a moment, and then crows—the sig-
nal of defiance universally recognised among fight-
ing cocks. The instant the game cock hears this
signal, he darts at his adversary, who shows the
white feather, and runs again. After repeating these
hostile demonstiations, by his throat and heels, for
two or three times, this dunghill rooster, finding
that his adversary has finally given up the puisuit,
joins a party of hens, and commences a war of strut-
ing and crowing, which he continues for two hours.
Now, I ask the senators from Massachusetts and
Missouri, whether they consider these two hours of
strutting and crowing as a continuance of the war?
But, to be serious: Mr. President, is it not at once
a violation of all the proprieties of the English lan-
guage, and a denial of all the doctrines of interna-
tional law, to assert that the war of Mexico against
Texas is a war de facto, when she has for eight
years ceased to prosecute it, and when her total in-
ability to conquer Texas is notorious to the whole
world? Sir, the war is at ail end. The United States
have a perfect right to assume that there is no war—■
much less a war~of conquest—between Mexico and
Texas. We can pay no attention to mere gas-
conading bulletins and impotent proclamations.
Sincc, then, the war between Mexico and Texas
has ceased to exist for eight years, with what pro-
priety can it be said that we shall make war upon
Mexico by annexing Texas? The imputation is
wholly gratuitous and unfounded.
Having thus, from reason, and from the law of
nations, shown that to receive Texas into this
Union will neither involve a breach of national
faith nor war with Mexico, I shall now proceed to
confirm these positions by examples taken from our
own history.
The senator from Missouri said that this refer-
ence to precedents might be made for purposes of
crimination. I assure that honorable senator that
I shall refer to these examples with the profoundest
respect for the administrations by which they were
furnished to us, and with no desire to criminate any
one. I ask, then, what was the state of the rela-
tions between Spain and Mexico in 1825, when Mr.
Clay, as Secretary of State under Mr. Adams, pro-
posed to Mexico the purchase of Texas? The war
with Spain was still in existence; certainly it was
not terminated according to the doctrine of the hon-
orable senator, but was veiy soon afterwards rigor-
ously prosecuted. In proof of this, I refer to the
fact that, four years afterwards, the navy of Mexico
was driven from the ocean, and her ships actually
abandoned, and her territory invaded by a powerful
army.
Surely, Mr. President, those who maintain that
the war is not now terminated between Mexico and
Texas, cannot, with any sort of consistency. main-
tain that the war between Spain and Mexico was
then, at an end,. Yet Mr. Adams and Mr. Clay
then made a deliberate offer to purchase Texas from
Me&ico, without deeming it necessary to consult
Spain, whose title to Mexico was much sttonj er
then than that of Mexico to Texas sow. Buttheie
is yet a higher authority. In 1899, .the territory of
Mexico was invaded by a large army, and her ports
blockaded by a numerous and triumphant fleet, from
March to October. During this campaign, which
threatened to effect a resubjugatiojj of Mexico, in
August of that year, while a Spanish invading army
was actually upon her soil, Mr. Van Boren,. the
then Secretary of State, by order of President Jack-
son, made to Mexico a pi-oposition to purchase''
Texas; and, in his instructions to , our minister at
Mexico, he urged, as a reason to induce Mexico to
make the sale, that the five millions of dollars which
were offered her as the purchase money, would ena-
ble her to defend the rest of her territory agaimt
the power of Spain. On what ground, I aak, cant'
either of these transactions be justified, if it would
now be a violation of the national faith to admit
Texas into the Union? If there are two men in the
United States estopped from making the charge of
violated faith in this case, they are Mr. Clay and
Mr. Van Buren. On the ground, then, of high
precedent, as well as of reason and national law, I
say again, that there is not a- shadow of ground to
say that it would be any violation of good faith
whatever to ratify this treaty.
Thus much for our rig/it to receive Texas; and
now as to the duty.
I said it was not only the right, but the duty, of
the President to make this treaty, and of the Senate
to ratify it. What are the arguments which address
themselves to our understanding, and lead to this
conclusion?
I ask if any senator here indulges for a moment
the idea that Great Britain is to be permitted to ob-
tain the control of Texas, by a treaty of guaranty,
stipulating for exclusive commercial privileges, with-
out an effort to prevent it?
Now, when Providence seems to have offered
Texas to our embraces, if we reject the ofTer,
and let slip the "golden moment," we shall be just-
ly exposed to the condemnation of our own people,
and the ndicule-of Europe.
I never, till now;, fully realized the truth and jus-
tice of Mr. Monroe's declaration, that no European
power must ever be permitted to establish a colony
on this continent. The more I reflect on the subject
the more I am convinced that the interests, both of
Europe and of this country, require that that decla-
ration shall be maintained. Can there be a rational
belief entertained by any thinking mari, that, should
Great Britain permanently secure the control of
Texas, it will be utterly inconsistent with the inter-
est of every portion of the United States? And do not
senators see unequivocal indications, that England
is seeking that control, and making all the exertions
in her power to obtain it? I bring no charge against
England, as cherishing a spirit of universal domi-
nation. I make no such imputation. She is doubt-
k ss doing all in her power to advance and secure her
own commercial prosperity, by means of her di-
plomacy. I do not mean to say she is making any
hostile demonstrations against the United States; but
I do say that she is making efforts by her diplomacy
that we are called on to counteract, by every consid-
eration of wisdom, prudence, and patriotism, by all
the peaceful and precautionary means in our power.
Slie is trying to obtain the control of a region large
enough to make five States as large as Virginia. If
she shall succeed in this, will she not be able, at any
moment, to throw her whole military force into the
rear of the United States, and thus attack us on our
weakest point? General Jackson has not exagge-
rated the importance of the annexation in this view of
the subject.
I cannot suppose that there is any portion of the
Union, which every senator here is not prepared,
and does not feel bound, to protect against every
danger. This is a consideration which rises above
all party distinctions, above all local interests. If
ever there was a question strictly national, this is
one. I do not denounce the efforts of England; yet
I feel myself called on, as an American patriot and
ststesman, to do all which I constitutionally may, to
counteract her efforts, believing they woutd be vi-
tally injurious to my country, however intended.
With the views I entertain, I should regard myself as
"a traitor to the best interests of my country," if,
■\vith such an imminent danger impending, I should
