Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGIlfiSSlOML GLOSS
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Burt.
H. of Reps.
ments of the honorable Senator from Missouri as to
our title to Texas, even to the extent to which he
would carry the boundary.
Here Mr. McDuffie read the following extract
from Mr. Adams's speech:
"I thank the gentleman for his ready and frank admis-
sion: but, sir, there is a long story connected with this mat-
ter; and now, though it is two years since the charge was
fully refuted, it appears before this House in an act of the
legislature of a sovereign State, and it is presented as one of
many strong motives here urged to induce the people of
the United States to consent to the annexation of Texas. I
will not discuss it now. But at a proper time I hope to be
permitted to show that I never did consent to barter away
this or any other r glit of the people of the United States for
an alleged equivalent of inferior value; but, on the contra-
ry, that this very claim which the legislature of Alabama
thinks so just and fair, and which the gentleman from South
Carolina [mr. Thompson] still continues to think a just
claim,, and which has been so laid down in another place,
as il the matter did not admit of dispute, is as flimsy a claim
as ever was set up by one nation against another. This I
am prepared to show. It was no right. It was a claim. It
was a claim of all the territory to the Rio del Norte, when,
in fact, there never had been a division of that territory, or
an adjustment of that claim with another and much better
authenticated adverse claim of Spain. On what ground is
the accusation brought against me of bartering away this
territory for a mess of porridge * "What pretence is there for
such an accusation, when I was but the scribe, but the pen
in the hand of the President, in an administration in which
there were two-thirds of its number from that portion of the
Union which now manifests so strong an interest in hehalf
of the annexation of Texas to this Union? When every
line and every sentence of thu treaty was sanctioned by that
cabinet, and when every senator of the United States—
Irom North, South, East and West—confirmed it by his
vote, and not a voice was raised against it. The sentiment
was unanimous in the Senate, and" it became equally unan-
imous throughout the Union, that the treaty was one of the
most favorable ones for us v  hich e^ er had been concluded
since the United States became a nation. I hope the time
will come when I shall have an opportunity of presenting
such a demonstration of this as shall leave no doubting
mind, not even in Alabama."
I now beg leave to say, in conclusion, and as an
admonition to the Senate how eventful may be the
vote we are about to give, that I do conscientious-
ly believe, on the evidence before us, published and
unpublished, that this question as to the annexation
of Texas presents the alternative to us in the sig-
nificant and emphatic language of General Jackson,
of doing it unoiu or never" In uttering these words,
he "spake as one having authority." "We all know
that he had recently had a conference with the con-
fidential secretary of President Houston, who dis-
closed fully the condition of Texas and the views of
her government. With this knowledge in his pos-
session, he says to the people of the United States,
"this is the golden moment." This lost, Texas is
gone forever; and it falls, of course, into the arms of
a foreign power. It is a grave, and I will even say
an awful responsibility, which now devolves upon
this Senate. And I tell gentlemen on the other side,
that in this responsibility they have more than a
proportionate share. Suppose that the prediction
just made shall be fulfilled; suppose that, in ten
days after we reject this treaty, another, a treaty
of guaranty should be entered into between the
minister of Great Britain and President Houston,
by which the controlling power of that country shall
be established in Texas forever: how deep will be
the regrets and self-reproaches of those who, having
the power to prevent such a great national calamity,
have failed to do it'
Are senators prepared to say, with Mr. Van
Buren, that if any European nation should get a
foothold m the Gulf of Mexico, that power shall be
expelled at the expense of a war; and yet to reject
the offered boon of annexation by "which such an
evil would be peacefully and forever prevented3
Even if the evidence were much less direct and
conclusive than it is, of a contemplated treaty be-
tween Great Britain and Texas, stipulating an ex-
change of protection for commercial and other
equivalent advantages, a reasonable piobability of
such arrangements would seem to demand of us a
prompt ratification of this treaty. I, then, implore
honorable senators to pause long, and weigh delibe-
rately, the confidential evidence before them, before
they take a step which must prove to be irrevocable
and fatal, and by which they may be exposed to the
deep condemnation of an excited and indignant
people.
REMARKS OF MR. FICKLIN,
OF ILLINOIS.
In the House of Representatives, May 27, 1844—-
In Committee of the'Whole House on the state
of the Union, on the bill to extend the pension
law to the widows: of revolutionary soldiers.
Mr. Chairman: The amendment proposed to tins
bill by the honorable gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] has for its object the extension of the
pension laws, so as to embrace those troops who
fought under General Harrison at St. Clair and
Wayne.
_ At the close of the war of the revolution the In-
dians, as well in Georgia and other portions of the
South as on the Miami and Wabash m the north-
west, remained in a hostile attitude toward our peo-
ple; and, incited by British traders and emissaries,
were frequently induced to commit depredations
upon GUI' citizens.
Prompted by a spirit of hatred towards us, saper-
induced in no small degree by the misrepresentations
of our then recentenemies, the British, and allured by
the hope of pillage and of plunder, the Indians had,
on frequent occasions, from 1791 to 1795, mur-
dered and robbed the emigrants to the northwest.
So frequently repeated and - so sanguinary were
these massacres, that our government felt bound to
interpose its aid for the protection of the inhabitants
thus exposed to an unrelenting enemy.
General Harmar was first despatched; but owing
to the inadequacy of his troops, from the lack of
numbers and discipline, his campaign proved un-
successful.
Next followed the enterprise of General St. Clair,
whose army, in the absence of one of its important
wings, was attacked and overwhelmed by a superior
force of Indians warriors.
Flushed with hope and confidence, growing out
of their recent triumphs, the Indian depredations be-
came more frequent, and terror and dismay began
to pervade the whole frontier country.
At this critical juncture more troops were levied
and placed under the command of General Anthony
Wayne, who was afterwards joined by Governor
Shelby, of Kentucky, with a large body of Ken-
tucky militia.
Gen. Wayne erected a fort on the ground made
so notorious by "St. Clair's defeat," and called it
Fort Recovery: thence he pressed forward to the
Indian towns; but before proceeding to extremities,
he offered them peace on honorable terms, which
they refused to accept.
The conflict thereupon commenced, and General
Wayne and his troops w ere eminently successful;
the Indians were every where routed and covered
with overwhelming defeat.
Their villages were burnt, their corn fields were
laid waste, and they were compelled to capitulate on
such terms as the American general chose to dic-
tate.
A treaty was concluded at Greenville on the 3d
of August, 1795, between General Wayne and the
Indians, by which this predatory war on the part
of the savages was formally terminated. This
was on the northwestern frontier, was little else
than a continuance of the revolution, and that, too, in
its most aggravated form. Depredations were every
where committed upon emigrants, who, without
giving offence to any one, were seeking a new home
in anew land. The amendment of my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Davis] has for its object the placing
of those meritorious patriots, and their widows,
upon the pension roll, on the same terms as are pro-
vided for revolutionary soldiers. Is it not just and
proper to do so? This war was a mere sequel to
the revolution, and was absolutely necessary to give
peace and quiet to the frontier.
Did they not suffer as great privations, and fight
as bravely, as ihe soldiers of the revolution?
Anthony Wayne, though a blunt and unpolished
man, and the founder of his own good fortunes, was
a soldier in the fullest and broadest sense of the term.
His deeds of "noble daring," his valor and intrepid-
ity, would have shed lustre upon any name in any
country. The fire of patriotism that glowed m his
heart was not lost upon his troops; one blpst upon
his bugle horn was worth a thousand men: his sol-
diers were worthy of their leader; and no peril was
too eminent for them to risk, no enterprise was too
hazardous for them to undertake.
Led by such men as Wayne and Shelby, no ar-
my could fail to be bold, daring, and heroic; and
backed by such soldiers, no officers could fail to be
victorious in battle—and I might add that no gov-
ernment could fail to cherish, with pride, the recol-
lection of the brilliant achievements of these men
upon the battle field.
We are at this day, in these weak piping times of
peace, paying many officers of the army high sala-
ries, who are" performing no sen ices, either real or
nominal.
Now, is it not better policy to pay those men
who have done hard fighting—who protected the
women and children from the brutal massacre of the
Indians—who prevented our green fields from being
laid waste—who proved to be our country's defence
'•in the day and hour of danger,"—than to bestow
the money of the government lavishly to keep up a
standing army of military officers in a time of pro-
found peace?
We should pay liberally—yes, lavishty—those
men who have done service, who have distinguish-
ed themselves by their valor, who have periled
their lives in the defence of. their country and their
countrymen; for we know not how soon we may
need such men again in maintaining our right to
Texas and to Oregon.
The war spirit should be kept alive in this coun-
try by the use of every proper stimulant; for there
is no telling how soon England, in her proud and
arrogant march towards universal dominion, may
seize upon our territory and compel us to an imme-
diate appeal to arms. Then, sir, as a reward to
true valor, and as a premium to brave men in after
times, I would say, let us embrace in our pension
laws those who fought under Harmar, St. Clair,
and Wayne, down as late as the treaty at Greenville.
SPEECH OF MR. BURT,
of south carolina.
In the House of Representatives.—In favor of adopt-
ing a rule to exclude abolition petitions.
The report of Mr. Adams, from the Select Com-
mittee on the rules of the House of Representatives,
being the order of the day for the morning hour,
and the question being on the motion of Mr. Black*
of Georgia, to amend a motion to recommit the re-
port, by instructing the committee to report th e fol-
lowing rule, which had been omitted:
"No petition, memorial, resolution, or other paper, prat-
ing the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia, or
any State or territory, or the Slave-trade between the Stales,
or'territories of the United States in which it now exists,
shall be received by this House, or entertained in any way
whatever."
Mr. BURT addressed the House substantially as
follows:
Before I proceed, Mr. Speaker, to present such
views of the topics which have been introduced in
this debate as I may be able to compress into the
brief space allotted me by your rules, I feel con-
strained to notice a remark of the honorable gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Beardsley.) When
that gentleman addressed the House on the question
now under consideration, he thought fit to say—not,
to be sure, as the announcement of a fact, but as
the expression of a confident opinion—"He took it
for granted, that, in regard to slavery in the abstract,
there existed at the North and at the West and at
the South, but one sentiment;" and very intelligibly
intimated that, in all these sections of the confeder-
acy, it is admitted to be a great evil; he, however,
had the considerateness—perhaps the charity—to.
acquit the present generation of the "fault," as he
was pleased to say, of that institution.
Now, sir, I do not pretend to know the relation
which that gentleman bears to parties at the North,
nor do I choose to inquire the means which he poS^
sesses of ascertaining northern "sentiment or west-
ern "sentiment" on the subject of slavery. I feel, I
assure you, sir, as little concern whether that "sen-
timent" be favorable or adverse to that institution.
But I will not permit myself readily to believe,
(whatever opinions on this subject they may enter-
tain,) that the.people of any considerable portion of
this country are utterly faithless and recreant to the
high.and sacred obligations of the constitution.
I have, sir, no idea of the medium through which
the gentleman from New York obtains access to
opinions in the southern States on this subject, or
on any subject of a purely local and domestic na-
ture; nor do I venture to conjecture the authority
by which he feels himself justified in assuming to
be the organ of that opinion in this House. He
will, however, 1 trust, not deem it presumptuous in
a representative of a southern State, to profess as
full and accurate knowledge of the opinions and
sentiments which prevail at the South concerning a
merely southern institution, as he can enjoy, and
at least equal authority to declare them in this hall
of Representatives. Sir, whatever may be the
opinions of mankind elsewhere, so far as the re-
mark of the gentleman from New York was intend-
ed to apply to the State in which I reside, and of
which 1 have the honor to be a representative, I
take leave to declare to him and to the world, on
