520
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JARNAGrIN reported back without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it be indefi-
nitely postponed, House bill for the relief of Silly
McCraw. The report accompanying was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Pierre Menard, Jo-
siah T. Betts, Jacob Feaman, and Edmund Roberts,
of the State of Illinois, sureties of Felix St Vrain,
late Indian agent, deceased; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading. The report accompa-
nying was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which was referred House bill to es-
tablish a new collection district for the Territory of
Florida, to be called the Suwannee district, reported
the same back without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it be indefinitely postponed; ac-
companied by the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct-
ed to institute inquiries as to the trade and commerce, for-
eign and domestic, of the Gulf of Mexico, between the port
of St. Marks and Charlotte Bay, and especially at or near
the Cedar Keys; and that he report to the Senate, at its next
session, the facts ho shall obtain, with his opinion of the
expediency of the establishment of a new collection dis-
trict, with a port of entry at the Cedar Keys.
The bill entitled "An act to repeal an act directing
the survey of the northern line of the reservation of
the half breeds of the Sac and Fox tribe of Indians
by the treaty of August, 1824," approved March 4,
1843, was taken up, and, after a few remarks by
Messrs. ATCHISON and HUNTINGTON, in ex-
planation and in support of its provisions, the
bill was read the third time, and passed.
reduction op postage and abatement
of the franking privilege.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the post office
bill was taken up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. MERRICK said he believed the question
pending was on the amendment proposed by the
senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbury.]
The CHAIR stated that the amendment of that
senator was to strike out the wwd "double," in the
16th line of the first section, and to insert "fifty per
cent, more than."
[The effect of this amendment would be to make
the postage of every additional quarter of an ounce
over the half ounce chargeable with single postage,
half as much more as the single postage.]
Mr. MERRICK objected to the amendment,
chiefly on the ground of making a reduction on the
ratea of postage proposed by the'hill. The minimum
rate had been fixed on half an ounce weight, which
was ascertained to be quite latitude enough for any
ordinary sheet of writing paper. It had also been
ascertained that thin letter paper weighed less than
a quarter of an ounce. Double postage for three-
fourths of an ounce would therefore be in accordance
with the principle of obtaining revenue from double
letters. He trusted the amendment would not be
adopted, as it would be a great risk, and would re-
ally altord very little relief.
Mr. WOODBURY was surprised at the senator's
opposition to the amendment, which had for its ob-
ject to make the bill conform to the general principle
upon which it was based—that of charging postage
according to weight. This was a just principle
supported by ihe analogies of other countries, such
as England, France, and Prussia, where double
postage was chargeable only on double weights.
His wish was to have the bill restored to the correct
principle.
Mr. MERRICK remarked that, heretofore, double
postage was charged upon a second slip of paper;
the present proposition would be a great concession,
for the number of slips or sheets of paper would not
be charged as before, but only the weight. His
principal objection to the amendment was, that it
would have the effect of causing a considerable
reduction m the receipts of postage expected by the
The question on amendment was put by the Chair,
but a quorum not voting,
Mr. MERRICK rose and made a minute explanat-
ion of the proposition, with a view of enabling the
faenate to vote understandingly on the question.'
Mr. ALLEN suggested that this being a bill
which proposed a very important change in the
practice of the government, it appeared to him that
it ought not to be taken up and discussed piece-meal
during the morning hour. It would be much better
to put it on the general orders, and let it obtain the
gonsideration of a whole day.
It was here explained that such was the position
which the bill now occupied.
The amendment was adopted—ayes 17. noes 15
Mr. WOODBURY suggested another amend-
ment. He did not mean to press it unless accepta-
ble to the chairman of the Post Office Committee,
under the bill, as it stands, the least distance for the
smallest rate of postage was 100 miles. He thought
if a short distance was subjected to only 3 cents-—
say for 10 or 15 miles—it would increase the rev-
enue considerably, because it would cause many
letters now gent by hand to be sent by the mail.
Mr. MERRICK agreed that, in many instances,
the number of letters would probably be increased-
yet, on the whole, the loss would exceed the gain.
Mr. WOODBURY said that, as his suggestion
was not approved of by the chairman of the Post
Office Committee, he would not press it.
t Mr. MERRICK moved to amend the bill in the
sixth section, by striking out "be punished by a
fine of not less than $50, and with instant dismissal
from his office,'' [relating to false endorsement of
"official business" on franks made bv deputy post-
masters,] and inserting "forfeit and pay $300;" and
also to make a corresponding alteration at the end of
the section.
The amendment was adopted.
He also moved to amend the bill in section 10,
line 20, by striking out the end of the section pre-
scribing the mode of recovering the penalty of $100
for carrying mail-matter outside of the mail, [his ob-
ject being to concentrate, in a new section, all pro-
visions relating to penalties.]
The amendment was adopted.
He moved to amend section 11, line 17, by stri-
king out ail relating to the mode of recovering the
fine of $100, to be levied on vehicles or vessels car-
rying mail matter other thar. relating to cargo, (on
the same ground as preceding amendment.)
The amendment was adopted.
"ex'. moved to strike out, in same section,
from Jlth line, [also relating to the same penalty.1
The amendment was adopted.
He next moved to strike out of section 13 the con-
clusion, relating in like manner to the mode of Pros-
ecuting private expresses. 1
Tte amendment was adopted.
H^next moved to strike out the whole of the
14th section, relating to foreign vessels carrying
mail matter from one port of the United States to
another—the existing law being sufficient on that
point.
The amendment was adopted.
He next moved to amend the bill by adding as an
additional sectinn—viz:
That all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures incurred un-
der this act, shall be one-hall" for the use of the person or
pers°ns informing and prosecuting for the same, and the
other half to the use of the United States; and shall he paid
Postmaster General, and accounted for by him as
otherj moneys of the department. And all causes of action
arising under this act may be sued, and all offence* accainst
this act> may be prosecuted, before the justices of the peace
mapstrates or other judicial courts of the several States
and of the several Territories of the United States, they hay.
lng competent jurisdiction by the laws of such States and
Territories to the trial of claims and demands of as great
value, and of the prosecutions ^here the punishments are
ot as gieat extent; and such justices, magistrates, or judi-
ciary .shall take cognizance of and proceed to judgment and
execution, as> m other cases
Mr. MERRICK observed that the Senate would
perceive the object was to include in one section all
relating to the prosecution and recovery of penal-
ties, which had been stricken out of the preceding
sections. 1 b
The amendment was adopted.
He next moved to amend the bill, by adding the
following as an additional section, viz: °
That it shall he the duty of the Postmaster General, in all
iulure lutings of contracts for the trdnsport-.tion of the
jii.h1, to let the same, m every ease, to the lowest bidder
tendermsr sulhuent guaranties for faithful perfoimance
Without other reference to the rrode of such transportation
than may be necessary to provide lor the due celentv cer-
tainty, and security of such transportation. Nor shall am-
new contractor, hereafter, be n-quiicd to purchase out or
take at a valuation, the stock or \ehicles of any previous
contractor for ihe same route. And all advertisements marie
under the orders of the fo^imaner General, in a newspaper
°l "^^Papor-, of letters uncalled for m any post office,
snail be inserted in the paperor papers of the town or place
where the office advertising may be situated, having the
Icigct circulation, provided the uditor or editors of such
paper or papers shall agree to insert the same for a price not
greater than now fixed bylaw, and in case of questioner
dispute as to the amount of the circulation of any papers
the editors of which may desire this advertising, k shall be
the duty of the Postmaster General to receive evidence and
decide upon the fact. '
He stated that the object was to put an end to the
practice of paying exorbitantly for the transportation
of the mail for the sake of putting stages on many
routes where the rate of travel does not warrant the
expense of keeping up stages. He understood that
between two and three hundred thousand dollars an-
nually was paid away in this manner; which could be
saved to the department if authorized to send the mail
in some cheaper way than by stages, which are not
able to support themselves by the fare of travellers.
Another object was, to change the system of adver-
tising,by which a condition is made, that the suc-
cessful bidder shall take the stock of the previous
contractor. This is found to operate so as to give a
monopoly to the old contractor, because no one feels
disposed to take an old stock ata price to be fixed
either by agreement or by the department. It was
expected that the alteration proposed would operate
best for the interests of the department. Another
was, to regulate the mode of advertising letters.
According to the present practice, it sometimes hap-
pens that the advertisements are made in newspapers
of small circulation, the consequence of which'is, that
the end proposed is not attained. The provision
now offered, would secure the insertion of such ad-
vertisements in newspapers of the largest circulation
in the vicinity of the post offices.
The amendment was adopted.
He next moved to amend the 19th section, in the
5th line, in relation to newspapers, to strike out
"week," and insert "month." The object was to
include a very valuable class of public journals pub-
lished at longer intervals than one week, and to
place them on the same footing as other newspa-
pers. The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BREESE proposed offering a few amend-
ments to this bill. The first was, at the end ofthe
6th section, to insert a proviso by which deputy
postmasters whose chief compensation for the trou-
ble of keeping post _ offices was the franking privi-
lege, might, in consideration of continuing and exer-
cising that privilege, relinquish any claim to pecuni-
ary reward. Mr. B. explained the necessity of
having some such provision, to avoid the breaking
up of small post office establishments, of great con-
venience to the country, but not productive of rev-
enue enough to the department to justify the pay of
adequate salaries.
Mr. MERRICK hoped the amendment would not
be adopted; because the franking privilege was the
chief thing cried out against by the whole country.
It was a thing which appeared to be so odious to
the people, that all the petitions which had come to
Congress exclaimed most particularly against it.
The best and fairest way would be to compensate,
in money, postmasters whose services are considered
indispensable; but they should not be allowed the
franking privilege.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WRIGHT observed, that some days ago
when the bill was under discussion, he had sent to
the chair an amendment, which he would now call
up. He moved to amend the bill by striking out the
8th section, and inserting, as a substitute, the fol-
lowing:
"Src. 8. The president and secretary of the Senate, and
the speaker and clerk of the House of Representatives, may
receive through the mail, free of postage, during any ses-
sion ol Congress, any petitions, memorials, or other docu-
ments, written or printed, addresced to Congress, or to either
house thereof or relating to the business of Congress, or of
either House thereof, or of any committee of either House of
Congress, and directed to be laid before Congie.ss. or before
House 4 thereof or before any committee of either
Mr. WRIGHT said it would be seen that the
oth section was that which regulated the franking
pnvilege of members of Congress, upon the one
side, which gave them the right to receive commu-
nications free of postage; and, instead of moving to
strike out all that, he had preferred to retain such a
provision as would enable the constituents of mem-
)ers to send petitions and communications relating
te the business of Congress and its committees, to
the presiding officer, or clerk of either House, in-
stead of sending them directly to the members. He
Was not tenacious ot having the amendment in that
precise form. His object was to make the proposi-
£l°vf a!]? sense °** ^ie Senate upon it.
Mr. FOSTER asked if the amendment proposed
to take away from members of Congress the frank*
ing privilege.
Mr. WRIGHT answered that it did.
Mr. FOSTER observed that he was opposed to
the amendment. He explained his reasons. The
franking privilege was of more consequence to the
people than to members of Congress, He b§«
