53S
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 Imprisonment for Debt—Mr. Tibbalts.
May, 1844.
H. of Reps.
tion the situation of the remnant of these brav4 men.
This act of that great and good man h^s done much
to embalm his memory in the grateful recollection of
his'coohWmen. In his message of the 3d of De-
cember, 1817, he says:
"In contemplating the happy situation of the United
States, our attention is drawn with peculiar interest to the
surviving officers and soldiers of our revolutionary army,
who so eminently contributed, by their services, to lay its
foundation. Most of those very meritorious citivens have
paid .the debt of nature, and gone to repose. It is believed
that, among the survivors, there are some not provided ior
by existing laws, who are seduced to indigence, and even to
real distress. These men have a claim on the gratitude of
their country, and it will be honor to their county to pro-
vide tor them. The lapse of a lew years more and the op-
portunity will be forever lostj indeed, so long already has
been the interval, that the number to be benefited by any
provision which may be made will not be great."
The action of Congress, upon this recommenda-
tion, resulted in the passage of the pension law of
1818—a law dictated at once by feelings of grati-
tude, and a high regard to inflexible justice. Not
only were the surviving soldiers of the revolution
considered as having a strong claim upon the coun-
try, by reason of the extraordinary sufferings and
privations which they endured while fighting our
battles and achieving our independence; but as
claimants pf a mere compensation for services ren-
dered, they stood in the first class. Pew of them
ever received their stipulated pay. The government,'
pressed by the enemy from without, and destitue
of resources within, was compelled to pay its brave
soldiers in paper-money—mere promises of future
payment.
Sir, 1 need not here trace the history of this cur-
rency' through all its stages of decline and deprecia-
tion. It is known, as early as 1780, to have reach-
ed a point so low in the scalc of depression, that
sixty-one and a half dollars of the continental cur-
rency was only equal to one dollar in specie; and
finally, at the close of the war, it had become al-
most worthless.
Sir, I will now briefly refer to the course of legis-
lation on the subject of revolutionary pensions.
By the act of 1818, officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, soldiers, and marines, of the army or navy
of the revolution, who had served for a period of at
least nine months, were entitled to pensions, 'pro-
vided they were, or should be, by reason of their re-
duced circumstances in life, in need of assistance
from their country for support. The imposition of
such a condition as this was entirely inconsistent
with that noble generosity and high sense of justice
which it became a rich and powerful nation to man-
ifest towards its worthiest benefactors.
By the act of 15th May, 1828, pensions are given
to the surviving officers of the revolution, who, by
the act of October 21, 1780, were entitled to half
pay, and to the non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and prr\ ates, who enlisted and served during
the war.
The act of 7th June, 1832, repealed the odious
condition of poverty and destitution—by the act of
1818 made a prerequisite to a participation in the
bounty of the government—and extended the provi-
sions of the act of 1828 to State troops, volunteers,
and militia, as well as the troops of the continental
line; and gave those v. ho had served a period of not
less than two years, full pay, and those who had
served less than two yeais, but not less than six
months, pay at the same rate, in proportion to the
tune they served.
The act of July 4, 183(5, gives a pension to the
widows of such officers and soldiers of the revolu-
tion as served in the manner specified in the act of
June 7, 1832, provided the marriage of the widow
took place prior to the expiration of her husband's
last period of service; the pension to continue while
she remained unmarried.
Then came the act of the 7th July, 1838, supple-
mentary to, and extending, the act of July 4, 1836,
and applying its provisions to all such widows of
revolutionary officers and soldiers, whose marriage
took place after the expiration of the last period of
their husband's service, and before the first day of
January, 1794. The pensions granted by this law
-were limited to the period of five years from the 4th
day of March, 1836; and it was provided that, in the
event of the marriage of such widow, her pension
should be discontinued.
By the act of August, 1842, the subsequent mar-
riage of the widow was made no bar to her claim for
a pension; provided she was a widow at the time of
her application.
The bill before the House contemplates the con-
tinuation and extension of the policy of pensioning
these -widows—a policy which evinces at once the
gratitude and the justice of the nation. 'The pen-
sion system of the United States as it is applied to
the officers and soldiers of the army of the revolu-
tion, and to their widows, will remain a standing
refutation of that ancient slander, charging the in-
ingratitude of republics. Who would blot out from
our statute book the memorials of that noble race of
men who, under God, were made the first deposi-
taries of liberty on this continent. Sir, the code of
our revolutionary pension laws is the best monu-
ment we can raise to testify to the patriotism and
philanthropy of a people in whose riiemories are
embalmed the heroic, deeds and virtues of their an-
cestors.
The relicts of the army of the revolution who
will be benefited by the passage of this bill are few;
and like the brave soldiers with whom their desti-
nies were united, they will soon have passed away.
The payment of a small pittance to them will not
burden our overflowing treasury. For myself, I
can only regret that the government, by making a
more speedy provision for their support and com-
fort, had not imitated the alacrity and enthusiasm,
of which that army furnished the most glorious ex-
ample, when they left their workshops and fields to
fight the battles of American independence.
In presenting this subject to the consideration
of Congress, I have discharged a duty to which I
was impelled, not only by the best feelings of my
heart, but by a desire to answer the request, and
carry out the wishes, expressed in resolutions adopt-
rd at the last session of the legislature of the State
Which I in part represent.
REMARKS OF MR. TIBBATTS,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives, May 13, 1844—fn
Commutes of the Whole on the state of the Union,
on the subject of imprisonment for debt.
Mr. TIBBATTS said that he regretted that he
was not here on Saturday evening, when this sub-
ject was brought up. He had not expected that the
bill would be taken up then, as he had informed the
chairman of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia that he would necessarily be absent on Saturday
evening, and desired to be present when the bill
should be taken up. He was glad that the subject
had not been disposed of, and that an opportunity
presented itself, of which he would avail himself, of
making a few remarks, and expressing his senti-
ments upon this subject.
When he had arrived here, he felt it to be his du-
ty to look into the system of jurisprudence by which
the District of Columbia was governed, as the sys-
tem was dependent upon the legislation of Congress,
and it would probably be necessary that some ac-
tion should be had in relation to it; in regard to
which, as to all other matters, he wished always to
act and vote understanding^, and with some knowl-
edge of the subject-matter. He regretted to say
that, as far as he had examined the subject, in the
little time which was spnred to him from the busi-
ness in which his immediate constituents were more
particularly interested, he found the municipal sys-
tem of the District much neglected, and, in many
particulars, in a very miserable condition; but, more
than all, in relation to the particular subject now be-
fore the committee. lie had been under the im-
pression before he came here—and such was the im-
pression with many in Kentucky, and he believed
throughout the country—that impi isonment for debt
had been abolished in this District in 1843. What,
then, was hi5? surprise to find that odious sys-
tem still in existence here; and that, instead of
having been abolished by the act of 1843, that
act had not abolished it; but, by the construction
of the courts, which construction seemed to him to
be correct upon an examination of the act itself, that
the act did not apply to cases of debts under fifty
dollars, by which the system now was still more
odious and inhuman than it had been before; for it
not only made an unjust and invidious distinction
between large debtors and small ones, by releasing,
under certain contingencies, the former, and making
no provision whatever for the latter. Surely if any
distinction should be made in the application of the
benignity of legislation, and favors should be ex-
tended to any portion of the community from which
others were left excluded, that favor should always
bear towards the poorer classes and laboring men,
whose families were dependent upon their daily la-
bor for not only the comforts of life, but for subsist-
ence itself. Finding such to be the condition of
affairs, he had, git an early period ef the session, in-
troduced a bill' to abolish imprisonment for debt in
all cases in the District. The bill he had introduc-
ed was a copy verbatim {mutatis mutandis) from the
statutes of the State (Kentucky) which he had the
honor in part to represent on this floor.' He had
offered this system not because he was married to
any particular plan, but because such had been the
system in Kentucky for nearly a quarter of a cen-
tury, and it had been found to work well there; and
was, therefore, not an experiment, but a system
which had been tried; and because he believed that
this course would meet with the approbation of his
constituents when they were made acquainted
with the miserable condition of the laws here,
which operated upon the liberty of the citi-
zens. He believed that their system was uni-
versally approved by the people of Kentucky; and
he did not think that a man could be found
in that State, who would, at this day, and in this
enlightened age, advocate a system of imprison-
ment for debt. It would be seen that Kentucky
had, as far back as 1821, struck at, and totally abol-
ished, the inhuman system of imprisonment for
debt—holding an unfortunate debtor's property,
and not his body, or his liberty, responsible for the
discharge of his debts. By the laws of Kentucky,
(which law he intended, at the proper time, to propare
for adoption for the government of this District,) the
issuing of capias ad satisfaciendum against the body of
an unfoi*tunate debtor was entirely prohibited. Such
a writ could not issue in that State, except upon a
judgment for trespass vi et amnis, for libel, for slan-
der, and for seduction. For debts by contract,
debtors were held to a strict accountability, so far
as their property went; and for this the law made
ample provision against fraudulent removal, and
fraudulent conveyance. But the liberty of the peo-
ple was held sacred. lie felt proud of his State,
and her institutions; of her university; of her col-
leges and seminaries of learning; of her benevolent
provisions for the poor; her hospitals for the sick;
her asylums for the deaf, and the dumb, and the
blind; and for that still more unfortunate portion of
our race, who had been stricken with the blindness
of the soul—of the eye—-of the mind—a calamity
far more terrible than that of the body. He did not
mention these things by way of boasting, but as
facts which would justly reflect honor to his State
throughout the civilized world—a State to which he
owed his birth, and where, from the earliest impres-
sions of his infancy, he had been taught to despise
and resist oppression and tyranny in every shape;
to love liberty, and to cultivate and encourage all in-
stitutions of benevolence.
He (Mr. T.) held that no individual had the
power to barter away his liberty; nor had the gov-
ernment the right to deprive him of it, except as a
punishment for the commission of crime. He was
in favor of compelling every man strictly and re*
ligiously to comply with his contracts, and to pay his
debts to the last dollar of his means, always makins;
a proper reservation for the support and comfort of*
his wife and children; but further than this he would
not go. The first in importance, the most sacred
contract which a man could make was that to cher-
ish and support his wife and his children. This con-
tract was, in his estimation, paramount to all others.
Imprisonment for debt deprived a man of the power
of performing these obligations, as well as of means
of paying his debts It was pioduetive of much
misery to unoffending and innocent women and
childien, friends and relations; wasinjurious ,cruel,
and inhuman to the debtor, and productive of no
benefit to the creditor. A humane creditor would
not avail himself of the advantages it §a\ehim. It
was only for the benefit (if for the benefit of any) of
the inhuman and hard hearted creditor, who had in
him none of the milk of human kindness, and
who was disposed to play the tyrant over his un-
fortunate fellow beings, and gloat upon their mis-
eries—
''Unmindful though a weeping iIV
And helples-: oiFspruig mourn"'1
He thought that much more was said of fraudu-
lenoe amongst debtors, than was justified by the
facts. Mankind were much better than some gentle-
men were disposed to allow that they were. He
knew that when a man became embarrassed in his
pecuniary affairs, a curious world was too much
disposed to charge fraud upon the unfortunate debtor.
No misfortune can befall an honorable man so heavy
and grevious as that of having lost his property,
and of being reduced from opulence to poverty. He
could not himself conceive bo unfortunate and pitia-
