CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rising was to obtain that end. The 5th section pro-
posed to abolish the present franking privilege alto-
gether; the 8th seetion proposed to restore so much
of the franking privilege as relates to the reception
of .communications; and r the 9th section relates to
the limitation of the franking privilege in transmit-
ting communications. "The Senate had already re-
fused, on the motion of the senator from New York,
to strike out the 8th section. He described the dif-
ference between the propositions of the bill in rela-
tion to the franking privilege and the existing priv-
ilege. He moved to amend the amendment proposed'
by the senator from New York, by substituting an
amendment which, virtually, would be a restoration
of the privilege to the full, extent it was now. en-
joyed. Hid did this merely as a test to obtain the
sense of the Senate on this point.
He agreed with the senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Foster] that it was indispensable for the perpetuity
of our institutions, that the freest and fullest com-
munication should exist between the people and the
representatives; and that the doings of Congress
should be scattered over every portion of the coun-
try. The franking privilege was not a subject of
grievance to the mass of the people. He was for
retaining it, to the fullest extent, as an important
privilege of the people. Nothing would be gained
by suppressing this privilege. The mass of docu-
ments sent by it would not be sent at all, if subject
to postage; so that not a cent more revenue would
be gained by the department.
The CHAIR remarked that the pending motion
was to strike out, and did not admit of a motion to
amend.
Mr. PHELPS withdrew his motion for the
present.
Mr. FOSTER understood, from the vote already
taken, that a large majority of the Senate was op-
posed to the abolition of the franking privilege; but
it was not thence to be supposed that some modifi-
cation was not necessary; it might be desirable to
abate abuses which actually do exist.
Looking to the great extent of the franking priv-
ilege enjoyed by the heads and subordinates of de-
partments—who, having large salaries, are suffi-
ciently compensated for their services without the
privilege of sending or receiving letters, on their
private business, free of postage—he believed con-
siderable modification was called for. He should
therefore move to amend the fifth section, by insert-
ing a proviso remodelling the existing privilege. It
would be seen that this brought up the question
how far Congress was willing to go in the reform of
abuses known to exist. He supposed a majority
of the Senate was quite willing to go thus far:
whether they would go for the bill itself, was a mat-
ter yet to be decided. For his own part, lie was
not prepared to give it his vote.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked what the pending
question was.
Mr. MERRICK explained that it was on striking
out the 9th section.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, then the question
was, whether this matter of substituting an allow-
ance of free covers for the present franking privi-
lege enjoyed by members of Congress should be
adopted or not. Looking to the sentiments of his
own State legislature on this subject, and to the fact
that the Post Office Committee had given the most
anxious consideration to the questions of reform
submitted to it, he was willing to try the experi-
ment proposed. It would have one advantage-
that of freeing the representatives of the people
from the suspicion of abusing the franking privilege.
He never had regarded it as a personal privilege,
but as one publicly advantageous, and principally to
the people themselves. lie was almost willing to
' * " at j • . ®
i with the senator from New York in doin< 
. .   Q away
with the personal privilege altogether; yet he hesi-
tated at going so far at present, and thought it the
safest way to acquiesce in the experiment proposed
by the committee.
Mr. HUGER calculated that, as the number of
stamps proposed to the members of Congress was
estimated to amount to 50 cents per day for each
member, tins, for 365 diys, would come to §180 a
year for each member; and multiply that amount
by the w.iole number of members, the %-alue of the
privilege altogether would be over §<SS,000.
Mr. MEitRICK observed that the, estimate of
the committee was, that the letter correspondence
of members of Congress would not exceed §30,000.
Hut the bill propose a much greater saving than that
pn letters, by taking away the vast amount of other
mail matter franked by members of Congress at
present.
Mr. HUGER asked what wa^the whole expense
of the privilege now enjoyed by members of Con-
gress.
Mr. MERRICK explained that there was great
difficulty in ascertaining the whole expense.
Mr. HAYWOOD observed that he had no inten-
tion of offending the chairman of the Post Office
Committee by the allusions he had made to the po-
sition in which members of Congress would be
placed of asking passes from the Postmaster Gen-
eral. He objected to any mode of legislation in
relation to the franking privilege which would have
the effect of sustaining impressions that they abused
their privilege. As to the proposed reformation, as
he understood it, the proposition was, to give a cer-
tain privilege, calculated at $182 50 to each mem-
ber, for transmitting, and of course as much more
for receiving communications—making, together,
$365 for each. It would be giving a privilege
amounting, all things considered, to $100,000, "in
place of what is now estimated at $31,000! He
pointed out the temptation that would be given by
the proposed arrangement to charges being insti-
tuted against members of Congress of turning this
privilege into a means of profit. He was not tena-
cious of retaining the present privilege; but if it
was to be given up, he wished it to be done with
some grace. If the privilege is abused, let the
law be taken as it exists, and let it be corrected.
He urged strong objections against legislating on so
important a branch of the public service in the ab-
sence of full information, and directly contrary to
the known sentiments of the head of the depart-
ment. It was at least'due to the station of the Post-
master General, if not to himself, to call for his
opinion and report on the subject.
Mr. MERRICK replied that the criterion of the
value of the franking privilege, as it exists, was
taken from an account kept in October, a season
when Congress was not in session; but it was prob-
able, if the account had been taken when Congress
was in full session, it would be found that fifty or
sixty thousand dollars would not be too much to
estimate the expense of the present letter-postage
correspondence. He also made some further ex-
planations, relative to the other mail-matter now
fianked by members.
Mr. McDUFFIE observed that the Senate was
not prepared, in the absence of proper information,
and in the absence of the views of the head of the
department, for proceeding with this bill. He
should therefore move its indefinite postponement.
Mr. MERRICK called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that the motion of
the senator from South Carolina was, in his opin-
ion, premature. He wished to ascertain how the
franking privilege could be regulated, before he was
prepared to vote upon the bill. If it was to contin-
ue as it had been—a source of abuse, offensive to
the whole country—he would vote for the indefinite
postponement. At present, he could not vote for the
senator's motion.
Mr. McDUFFIE withdrew his motion.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 16, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the call for reports from committees.
Mr. CRANSTON asked and obtained leave to
present a protest of the legislature of the State of
Rhode Island and Providence Plantations against
the right of Congress, or of either House, to inquire
into the question whether the constitution adopted
by that State m November, 1842, is or is not the
legal constitution of that State.
Mr. DUNCAN moved that the House resume
the consideration of the biil providing an uniform
time for holding the election of electors for Presi-
dent and Vice President ofthe United States.
The SPEAKER observed that the motion was
not in order.
Mr. DUNCAN said he thought it was always in
order—the bill having been made the special order
of the day for a particular day now past.
The SPEAKER observed that it had been made
the special order for one da}' only; and that day
being past, the bill took its piace in the regular order
of business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. DUNCAN then moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of taking up that bill; and
called for the yeas and nays, which were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 71, nays 68, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Baker, Belser, Bid-
lack, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Boyd,
Brodhead, William J Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Jeremiah
E. Cary, Catlin, Clingman, Cullom, Dana, John W. Davis,
Dromgoole, .Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Fick-
lin, French, IKddings, Hale, Hamlin, Herrick, Hubard,
Hughes, Hungerford, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy,
Preston King, Labiunche, JVIeConnell, McDowell, McKay,
Mathews, Murphy, Norris, Owen, Payne, Pettit, Elisha R.
Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rathburi, Reding,
Hitter, Roberts, Robinson, Simons, John T. Smith, Robert
Smith, Spenec, Steenrod, Stetson, Stone, Strong. Taylor,
Tucker, Weller, Wcntworth, Wheaton, Woodward, Joseph
A. Wright, and Yost—71. --
. NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Barringer, Barnard, Benton, Bren-
gle, Jacob Brinkerhoft", Jeremiah Brown, Burt, Causin,
Clinch, Collamer, Cranston, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Rich-
ard D. Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Foot, Byram Green,
Grinnell, Grider, Haralson, Harper, Houston, Hudson,
Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Cave
Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P.
Kmg, Lewis, McClernand, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J.
Morris, Newton, Parmenter, Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix,
Preston, Ramsey, Charles M. Reed, David's. Reid, Rock-
well, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Senter, Severance, Da-
vid L. Seymour, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Stephens,
Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Vance, Vanmeter, Weth-
ered, White, Williams, Wmtlirop, and William Wright
So the rules were not suspended.
THE RHODE ISLAND AFFAIRS.
Mr. BURKE rose and remarked that he observed,
on examining the paper presented by the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Cranston,] that some-
thing had been added to the resolutions of the legis-
lature of that State: some matter apparently cut from
a newspaper had been attached. He desired to in-
quire of the gentleman from Rhode Island whether
this paper had any connexion with the resolutions,
and whether it had been attached by him.
Mr. CRANSTON replied that the gentleman
might himself judge as to the connexion there was
between them; and as for the fact of attaching the
paper-
Mr. WHITE interposed to inquire whether this
discussion was in order.
The SPEAKER observed that it was not, except
by general consent.
Mr. BURKE said he considered it a privileged
question.
Mr. WELLER said he desired to make a privi-
leged motion. The paper had been laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed, and the question had been
taken without debate. He now moved a reconsid-
eration of the vote.
Mr. CAUSIN inquired whether this question was
debatable.
The SPEAKER replied that the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the printing was ordered
would be debatable.
Mr. POTTER rose to make some observation.
Mr. HUDSON remarked that the "Standing
Committees" that occupied the body ofthe House
prevented anything being heard where he sat!
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER called the House to order.
Mr. POTTER then proceeded to make some ob-
servations; but not a single word could be heard at
the reporter's desk.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to say that he had
examined the protest in question, and that he had
been more than surprised to find that the protest
was accompanied with several papers which had no
proper or legitimate connexion with it.
. Ihe protest, as he understood it, contained a de-
nial of the right of this House to inquire into the
late proceedings of a portion—a minority—of the peo-
ple of Rhode Island, to suppress a constitution
adopted by a majority of the people of that State;
lor this was the true question, putting out of view
for the present the alleged interference of the Presi-
dent m aid of that object. It was not his purpose
to deny the authority of the legislature of Rhode
Island respectfully to invite the attention of this
House.to the question ofjurisdiction involved.
But it was his purpose now to inquire by what
authority the protest had been accompanied by cer-
tain irrelevant and spurious papers—one casting in-
jurious reflections upon this House, and another
criminating a portion of the citizens of Rhode Is-
land who are not here to defend themselves.
The gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Cran-
ston] had presented what he said was a protest
adopted by the legislature of his State. The House
supposing that the paper was in fact a protest, and
nothing more, had ordered it to be laid upon the ta-
ble, and to be printed. But he had gone to the
