June, 1844.
APPENDIX TjO. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Breese.
Senate.
ble a condition—one calculated to excite so much
misery in the sensitive mind of as honorable man,
as that of being involved in debts and responsibili-
ties whjch he had not the ability to meet. It was
the height of cruelty to add to his misfortunes dis-
grace and imprisonment, and to deprive him
of the means of subsistence. If the -miseries
produced by poverty could be increased, it was by
this system of imprisonment, which had been abol-
ished in most of the States, and which he hoped to
see wiped out of the statute books of the nation.
He held in his hand document No. 24 of the 24th
Congress, 3d session, to which he wished to call the
attention of the committee, as it was full of facts in
illustration of all the principles he had advanced.
Facts were developed in it which would astound the
country, which was not informed that such a bar-
barous system existed in the very bosom of this
free republic, which professes to be devoted to the
protection of the liberty of the citizen above all
other considerations—a system only equalled in
cruelty and atrocity by the inquisition itself. This
document had been prepared with great care, and
presented a state of facts which would strike the
minds of all with astonishment and horror. It gave
a "statement of the imprisonments for debt, names
of the debtors, amount of ■ the debt, expenses of
maintenance, &c., in the county of Washington,
District of Columbia, from the 1st of January, 1820,
to the 27th of February, 1834;" and a statement of
the same matters from the 8th of March, 1834, to
the 3d of June, 1836. There is also a statement for
the last-mentioned time, for the county of Alexan-
dria. This document established beyond cavil, by
practical illustration, all the positions he had as-
sumed. In the periods above named, (1834 to 1830,)
in which are omitted the whole of the year 1827,
and the periods between the 8th of April and the
31st of December, 1820, and between the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1827, and the 12th of June, 1828, the mar-
shal's and jailor's books for those periods being
missing, the following facts existed: 3,530 persons
had been imprisoned for debt—3,482 males, and 48
females.—(See note 1.) The total amount of the
debt for which these persons were imprisoned, was
$415,376 54. Of this debt, there was paid by the per-
sons imprisoned, $2,G26 42, not one dollar per head;
and at what an expense of feeling and misery to the
unhappy victim, and of tears and mortification to their
weeping wives and children and friends ! This was
paiil at an expense to the creditors of$S,979 14, nearly
four times the amount collected. Of what service,
then, is the system to the creditor? Certainly not
to collect his debt, but to enable him to exercise the
most vindictive and barbarous feelings of human
nature. How true it is, that
"Man's inhumanity to man
Riakes countless thousands mourn."
Of these 3,530 debtors, charges of fraud were al-
leged against but 24, all of whom were found not
guilty by the court, or the charges were withdrawn
by the creditors, exceptingfcily 3; and thus to pun-
ish these 3 men found"guilty, you find 3,527 inno-
cent persons subjected to mortification, imprison-
ment, and disgrace; thus wofully reversing the be-
nignant prim iples of the law. These persons were
imprisoned 14,154 days in the aggregate, showing a
loss to them and the country of that time, much of
which was lost within the bars and bolts of a
prison.
Here is another table, which shows that in the
county of Washington, from the feth of jVlaich,
1834, to the 3d June, 1836, there were imprisoned
for debt 1,098 males, and 3 females, against only
one of whom allegations of fraud were made, but
not sustained; and during the same period, 54 males
and 1 female were imprisoned for debt in the county
of Alexandria, against not one of whom were there
allegations of fraud. What were the expenses in-
curred, and the time lost, he had not calculated, as it
was unnecessary. .
Thus 4,686 persons had been imprisoned, of whom
(shame to the age, and a disgrace to this Capitol of
a free "ovmiment1) tiftv-two were females; and only
three out of these. 4,686 declared to be fraudulent
debtors. Many of the debts for which these pei-
snns were imprisoned were for very small sums.
He had received a note this morning, informing
him that an individual was now confined to close
iail and had been there for a long time, for a debt
of *5' and was likely to remain some time longer,
unless some charitable person paid the debt, or this
law was passed. Many of the debts in this schedule
were below $2, and even below $1. He begged
leave to call the attention of the committee to some
of the cases stated in the report he had made ref-
erence to. ^
Patrick Gallyhan had been confined in jail fifty-
five days, for a debt of $9 81, which the creditor
lost at last, and paid $19 70 for his maintenance
and jail fees.
Patrick Magee was confined fifty-six days, for a debt
of $23 66, at an expense to the creditor of $20 04,
and the debt was not collected.
Thomas Shute was imprisoned one hundred and
fifly-one days for a debt of $3 89, at an expense to the
creditor of $52 34; and the debt was not collected.
Sabret Barret was imprisoned twenly-one days, for
a debt of £6 79, which was finally paid by a friend,
at an expense of $8 14.
William Hull was imprisoned ten daxjs, for a debt
of §1 93; the debt was not collected, and the cred-
itor paid $4 40 for expenses.
William Colbert was imprisoned Iwevty-seven
days, for a debt of $3 20; the creditor refused to pay
the expenses amounting to $10 18, and the mar-
shal discharged the debtor.
William Chappel! was imprisoned in jail twenty-
one days for a debt of $3; was finally released by the
creditor, at an expense of $8 14—nearly three
times the amount of the debt.
Moses Hooper remained in jail sixty-four datfs for
a debt, originally, of $3 41, on which he paid a dol-
lar; and was at last discharged by the creditor at an
expense of $22 76.
J. Allen was imprisoned thirteen days for a debt
of $1 56, and his expenses and jail fees amounted to
#5 42.
Thomas Plumpsell was imprisoned sixty-nine
days for a debt of $32 49, and the fees and expenses
incurred by the creditor amounted to $24 46.
John Cromwell was imprisoned for a debt o (fifty
cents, and confined for twenty-six days, which
caused an expense of $9 84 to the creditor.
A. Smith was imprisoned for a debt of fifty-six
cents, and remained twelve months in the prison-
bounds-
George Harrison was imprisoned for a debt of
twenty-five cents; his expenses were $1 34, and he re-
mained twelve months in the prison bounds.
Isaac Butler was confined in jail twenty-eight days
for a debt of $3, and afterwards obtained the free-
dom of the prison bounds. His expenses and fees
amounted to $10 52.
W. G. Crandall was imprisoned one hundred and
thirty days for a debt of $23 32; and the creditor at
last released him, after incurring an expense of
$45 20.
This system of useless oppression had not
been confined to individuals, but had been practised
upon by the officers of the government and the
municipal authorities of the District.
Alexander J. F. Bill had been imprisoned at the
suit of the government, one hundred and sixty-four
days, for a debt of $133 33 J, and was finally dis-
charged at the oi der of the marshal, at an expense to
the government of $56 76.
Henry I-I. Redmond was imprisoned one hundred
and thirty-three days at the suit of the government, for
a debt of 133 33and was discharged on the order
of the marshal, at an expense to the government of
$46 22. -
William Samuels was imprisoned for ten delils of
$23 38 each, by the corporate authorities of George-
town, and was finally discharged by the mayor of
that city, at an expense to the city of $140.
But he did not wish to detain the committee any
longer by particular refeiences to this disgusting de-
taifof tyranny on the one hand, and human misery
on the other; here was the public document, a part
of the archives of the nation, which every gentleman
could examine for himself. He would call the at-
tention of the committee to two other cases only,
from their extraordinary characters. Tn page 64 of
the document before him, it was stated that Tom, a
fiee colored man, and Barbary,a free colored wo-
man, had each been imprisoned thhty-two days, and
sold to pay the costs of imprisonment, amounting to
$11 88 m each case. By what particular law this
shameful tiansaction had been accomplished, he did
not know, not having had time to look into the sub-
ject. These people, it is true, were black; but that
did not alter the principle: it was a gross violation
of the fundamental principles of the constitution,
and a disgrace to the nation.
The facts to which he had called the attention of
the committee would astonish the people of this
country, who were not aware of the situation of
things at the capital of this great nation; he thought
they were sufficient to establish beyond .doubt", all
the principles for which he had'1 contended; that
reform, a radical reform, was necessary l'ntljfe laws
by which this District was governed; that the sys-
tem of imprisonment for debt was not beneficial to'
the creditor, and was oppressive to the debtor, cruel
to his-family and friends, injurious to'the public,
and disgraceful to the nation, and ought to be abol-
isher. I care not sir, (said Mr. Tibbatts,) haw- ft
is done, whether by the proposition which I propose
to offer at the proper time, or by the bill now- under
consideration with proper amendments, or by the
proposition of any other gentleman. I wish _ to see
tliishlaek leaf torn from our statute book, and trampled
underfoot. I wish to see this disgraceful stain upon
the escutcheon of this freefnation wiped out. Should
the measure fail now, I will feel it my duty to press
it hereafter as often as an opportunity shall present
itself, and as long as I shall have the honor of occu-
pying a seat in this hall, until that object is accom-
plished.—(Note 2.)
Note 1. On the 1st March, 1823, Congress passed
an act extending the jurisdiction of magistrates to
debts of $50, from the first of June, of the same
year, and prohibiting the arrest and imprison-
ment of all females, and of all males above the age
of 70 years, for any debt authorized to be sued for and
recovered by that act; prior to that act, both males
and females were alike liable to be imprisoned for
debt.
.Note 2. The bill under discussion was finally
amended, substantially conforming to the above
views, and passed the House of Representatives.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
SPEECH OF MR. BREESE,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the Senate, June 3, 1844—In secret session on
the treaty for the annexation of Texas to the
United States.
The following: resolutions, submitted by Mr.
Benton on the 13th May, being under .considera-
tion, viz:
"Resolved, Thot the ratification of the treaty for the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States would be an adop-
tion of the Texian war with Mexico by the United Stages,
and would devolve its conduct and conclusion upon the
said United States.
"Resolved, That the treaty-making power does not extend
to the power ol making war, and that the President and
Senate have no right to make war, either by declaration or
adoption.
"Resolved, That the country dismembered from the Uni-
ted States by the treaty of 1819 with Spain, comprehending
Texas and a large temtory between the Red river and the,
Arkansas, and being geographically appurtenant to the
United States, and essential to their political, commercial,
and social system, ought to be reunited to the Ameri-
can Union as soon as it can be done with the consent of a
majority of the people of the United States and of Texas,
and when Mexico shall either consent to the same, or ac-
knowledge the independence of Texas, or cease to prose-
cute the war against her [the amnstice having expired] on
a scale commensurate to the conquest of the country."
Mr. BREESE addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: As 1 do not propose discussing^
the treaty when it shall come before us for our"
final action, I am quite willing to present my views
of it upon the resolutions of the senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benton,] on which the debate has thus
far progressed. It is not, sir, with the vam hope of
changing opinions already made up to reject the
treaty, that 1 throw myself upon the indulgence of
the Senate. I do not speak to the Senate/but, on a
question of this importance and interest, to the
country.
As I unfortunately differ with some of my best
friends on this measure, in its whole length and
breadth, it becomes the more necessary lor me to
piesent fairly the grounds on which I rest, and, as
fully as lmay be able, the yiews I entertain of its
national hearing and importance. Humble andpre-
tensionless as 1 am, Mr. President, I still have a de-
sire, in common with more distinguished senators,
to place myself right before the country on all
questions, and especially upon this; which has ex-
cited, and will continue to excite, so much of the
public attention. _ _
I cannot follow political friends in their opposition
to measures I may believe constitutional, and re-
quired by the best interests of the country. One
of the canons of my political faith is, "measures,
not men;" and in all such cases, I am at once re-
mitted to the high tribunal of duty and patriotism,
and must obey implicitly their dictates. I have
