C0NGE1SSI0NAL GLOBE.
Sw
Clerk's tabic and examined the paper. He found,
upon such examination, that there were several
newspaper scraps attached to the protest; one of
■which purported to be a communication from the
governor to th£ legislature of Rhode Island; which,
in its terms, grossly reflected upon this House,
and its action. There was also another newspaper
scrap attached to the protest, purporting to be a se-
ries of resolutions condemnatory of the conduct of
certain citizens of that State. These newspaper
scraps had been just attached to the protest, for the
wafers by which they were attached were yet wet:
at least so he thought from a careful inspection of
the paper. These papers were no part of. the pro-
test; they were attached here without the authority
of the legislature, of Rhode Island.
He could not but characterize the proceeding as a
forgery in fact—an interpolation of spurious mat-
ter in the authentic acts of the legislature of a State.
He would not charge any criminal intent upon any
gentleman, yet the interpolation was 110 less a for-
gery in fact. He believed that the House had been
induced to order the paper to be printed under a
misapprehension of what they were doing. He
therefore hoped the vote taken would be reconsid-
ered.
Mr. "WHITE inquired how the journal stood.
The Clerk explained.
Mr. WHITE said the gentleman from Rhode
Island had submitted a distinct proposition to lay
oti the table a specific paper, and print it, and it was
the duty of the Clerk- to have taken down that prop-
osition; and if the Clerk had done so, there could
have-arisen no difficulty. The paper presented and
ordered to be printed was a protest of the legisla-
ture of Rhode Island, and the printers to this House
would have no right to print anything else; and
hence there was no necessity for these charges of
fraud, and forgery, and imposition on this House.
Mr. BURKE remarked that it seemed the paper
attached to the proceedings of the legislature of
Rhode Island had no business there, according to
the admission of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WHITE remarked that he only said the
House could not be imposed upon if .the officers of
the House did their duty. With what motive the
other paper had been attached to the protest of the
legislature of Rhode Island, it did not become him
to say. All he desired to say was, that if the offi-
cers of the House did their duty, there could be no
smuggling.
Mr. McCLERNAND, Mr. WHITE, and Mr.
POTTER, made some conversational observations,
which were wholly inaudible to the reporters.
The Clerk, at the request of several gentlemen,
read the endorsement of the paper presented by the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr. Cranston,] as
given above.
Mr. WHITE observed that that was what the
House had ordered to be printed; and though other
papers accompanied that paper, no injury could be
done to the country.
Mr. PAYNE said the gentleman from Kentucky
had broached novel doctrines on this floor. He,
however, did not admit that either the Clerk of the
House or the printers of the House had the power
to judge and decide what should and what should
not be printed by the House. It appeared to him
that it was the duty of the Clerk to cause to be
printed, and of the printers to print, any paper
which the House ordered to be printed; but how
would the printers know that a portion of a docu-
ment sent to them had or had not been ordered to be
printed? A paper was sent to the printers under the
certificate of the Clerk of the House; and there surely
could be no circumstances under which the printers
would be authorized to strike out any portion of
such document—not even a word 01- a syllable of a
paper adjudged by the House to be printed. The
doctrine of the gentleman from Kentucky was at
least a novel one; and if it were carried into practice,
it would put the whole proceedings of the House
under the control of the Clerk and the public printer.
But there was another inquiry to be made. What
was the motive which induced the attaching of that
paper to the proceedings of the legislature of Rhode
Island? What was the motive? Was it done with-
out motiye?
Mr. WHITE interposed, and said the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Cranston] had been some
time attempting to get the floor, that he might ex-
culpate himself from all blame, and to state that he
did not attach the paper, but that the responsibility
was taken by his colleague [Mr, Potter.]
Mr. CAUSIN inquired what the question was
then before the House.
Mr. BURKE asked the gentleman from Rhode
Island [Mr. Cranston! if, when he asked that gen-
tleman how that paper became attached to the pro-
ceedings of the legislature of Rhode Island, he did
' not refuse to answer.
Mr. CRANSTON was understood to say that
he had misunderstood the question of-the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire. He was men
understood to say, (but he was very indistinctly
heard,) that his colleague came to his seat when
lie rose to present those proceedings of the legisla-
ture of Rhode Island to the House, and said, "I will
attach the message of the governor, and the resolu-
tions to this paper, so that we may get them all
printed together." [Cries of oh! oh! oh!] Anxiously
desirous to discharge his duty by the presentation
of the proceedings of the legislature of Rhode
Island, which he had had a fortnight in his desk, he
had no time for reflection. The paper which he
presented, he had endorsed as the Clerk read it, be-
fore the printed matter was attached; and if he had
had a moment for reflection after his colleague pro-
posed to attach that paper, he should have suggest-
ed the propriety of detaching it, for he .would not
have presented the documents together. He saw,
from the question put by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, that he was in error.
Mr. BURKE asked the gentleman from Rhode
Island if, when he asked expressly whether the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Cranston] attached
those papers, he did not refuse to answer.
Mr. POTTER explained; but he speaks uniform-
ly in a whisper, and is consequently inaudible. It
was understood that he confirmed' the statement 01
his colleague in relation to his having stated his in-
tention to attach the paper, that they might be print-
ed together.
After an observation from Mr. DICKINSON, to
which Mr. POTTER replied,
Mr, DROMGOOLE called the whole House to
order. (The members were speaking in conversa-
tion in the body of the hall.)
Mr. POTTER continued; but, as usual, he was
wholly inaudible.
Mr. WRITE suggested to the gentleman from
Rhode Island to withdraw the paper which he had
attached.
Mr. POTTER intimated his desire to do so.
Mr. CAUSIN rose, and was proceeding to ad-
dress the House, when
Mr. PAYNE rose, and said he had the floor.
Mr. CAUSIN replied that that was the point to
be decided. He had the floor on the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio to reconsider the vote by which
the proceedings of the legislature of Rhode Island
were laid on the table and ordered to be printed,
and he had only yielded to gentlemen to make ex-
planations; but he never intended to yield his right
to the floor.
Mr. PAYNE said he had had the floor, and had
made half of his speech.
Mr. CAUSIN said the gentleman should not
have had the floor, without some right to it, had he
not supposed that the gentleman from Alabama was
but following in the steps of others.
After some further conversation,
Mr. CAUSIN yielded; and
Mr. PAYNE proceeded. He said he had but
little more to add. He had supposed, however, that
there was a motive for attaching that printed paper
to the proceedings of the legislature of Rhode
Island; anil it now turned out, as he anticipated,
that it was to have that paper printed—not by order
of this House, not by a vote of this House, but by
its being attached to a paper the printing of which
the House had ordered. He did not wish to speak
in harsh terms of the course which had been pur-
sued; but he would say that it was highly improper.
It was a course which ought never to have been
adopted, and a course which, if tolerated by this
House, would lead to extremes which could not be
conceived.
But now what became of the apology of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. White'] He said
the intention had not been to have that paper printed.
If he did not use that expression, such was the plain
and palpable inference which it conveyed.
Mr. WHITE explained. The gentleman from
Alabama had misunderstood him. He had not said
that the intention was not to print. He had not
said what was the object; but he said if the Clerk
did his duty, the paper would not be printed.
Mr. PAYNE said he had submitted his remarks
about the Clerk and the printer, and he would noii .
add, that it was very obvious there was "a paper
there which ought never to have been there; a paper'
which the House had not ordered to be printecf, pn<!
which, if printed, would be done by a fraud on this
House, and on those who were beyond the Imu- of
this House. These were some of the reasons vVhy
the motion should be reconsidered, arid the printing
refused; and he hoped, the motion tp reconsider
would prevail. , .
Mr. POTTER withdrew the papers which he had.
attached to the resolutions of the legislature of Rhode
Island. '
Mr. CAUSIN then proceeded to addres3 the! ;
House,. and, recapitulated the, proceedings Which
had heretofore taken place in relation to the affairs
of Rhode Island, and then proceeded to discuss ihe
merits of the subject in-controversy.
Mr. BURKE asked if it was in order to discuss
the merits of the memorial on a question of recon-
sideration. . ; >
Mr. CAUSIN said the merits were necessary to
show that this memorial should be printed.
Mr. BURKE raised a question of order on the
point stated; but, after some conversation,
Mr. CAUSIN resumed, and reiterated his state-
ment of the facts of the case, and then proceeded:
The very gist of all the complaints made to this
House was, that they had not succeeded in impo-
sing upon the people of Rhode Islaad what was
called the Dorr constitution. They came here.de-
manding that Congress should interpose its authori-
ty, and exercise an arbitrary power, in enforcing
upon the people a certain constitution, whether they '
desire it or not.
Mr. C, JOHNSON desired the Speaker to require
the gentleman from Maryland to confine himself to
the question before the House; and, after some dis-
cussion upon the question of order, in which
Messrs. CAVE JOHNSON, HALE, CAUSIN,
HOUSTON, and WHITE participated,
Mr. CAUSIN was permitted to proceed with the
general discussion of the subject of the Rhode Wand
ronstituion.
He regarded it as one of the most important ques-
tions that could be brought before Congress—neither
more nor less than a question of war or peace; and
if war should result, the whole Union would be
convulsed to its centre. He contended tha.t Con-
gress had no right, under the constitution of, the
United-States, to interfere with the internal policy
of the State of Rhode Island as they were solicited
to do. The were not asked to repel an invasion or
to quell an insurrection; but to incite rebellion and
resistance to the legally organized powers within
that State, to excite the people to scenes of domes-
tic violence. He thought this House should pause
and look around them, and see what they were about
to do.
He continued the discussion of the broad question
through his allotted hour, interrupted occasionally
by explanations from Messrs. PAYNE, McCLER-
NAND, and others.
Mr. STEENROD said he understood the gentle-
man from Rhode Island was willing to withdraw the
objectionable paper; and he hoped, therefore, the
gentleman from Ohio would withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. WELLER said the protest was. not^ signed
by the Governor of Rhode Island, and was in other
respects irregular; and therefore it should not hav e
been presented to this House. He could not conse-
quently withdraw his motion.
Mr. STEENROD then (being desirous to get rid
of the subject) moved the previous question.
Mr. DROMGOOLE appealed to the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw the previous question.
They had had so much eloquence about charters
and rights, that they had pretty much lost sight of
the question before them. He understood a paper
had been presented there, consisting of two pieces
tacked together, but all covered by a general en-
dorsement by a member of this House; and a motion
had passed to print, under which the Clerk had no
power to disconnect them. Doubts having arisen, as
he understood, whether the papers were properly
presented, a motion had been made to reconsider the
vote by which the printing was ordered. The mo-
tion was a compound motion, (to lie on the
table and to print,) which he, with deference
to the Chair, held was not a debatable motion; but
debate had been permitted, and he would observe
that the only mode of getting out of tlfe difficulty
into which the House found itself, and in which tha
member presenting the paper was involved—lis
