CONGRESSIONAL GL038E.
meant to express-no censure on anybody—was to
reconsider the vote by which the paper was laid on
the table and ordered to be printed. When that
vote was reconsidered, the motion would again re-
cur to lay on the table and print; which could then
be divided undyr the rules of the House, or the gen
tleman presenting it might withdraw the paper which
he had indicated his intention to do. He was glad
to hear the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr.
Cranston]' say that, if he' had had time for reflec-
tion—if. he had had what a gentleman to whom
some of them there were attached called the "sober
second" thought!'—he would not have presented the
paper. He understood a slip from a newspaper was
attached to the document presented, but that surely
did riot belong to it: when\ they received the pro-
ceedings of a sovereign State they must come to
this House properly authenticated, and not in a
slip from a newspaper, on which, he understood
from his friend from Maryland, [Mr. J. P. Kenne-
dy,] there were several advertisements. [Laughter.]
He had no particular desire for exposing the °en-
tlemen on account of any impropriety, if there was
any. He had no* desire to charge upon them any
design to trick the House, however much it might
appear upon the face of the transaction, upon the
first blush, to be so designed. He hoped the House
wpuld agree to reconsider the vote, and to go back
to the point whence they started, where the paper
was first presented.
Mr. MILTON BROWN said it appeared to him
that the order to print obviously included nothing"
except that to which there could be no objection
He most heartily agreed that, if the design of the
gefttiemen was to impose upon the House, they
should receive the censure of the House; but he
could perceive no such design. He submitted
whether the reconsideration was not altogether un-
necessary.
< Mr. WELLER contended that the reconsidcra-
tion was necessary, because the Cleik had no dis-
cretionary power to direct what portion of a docu-
ment should be primed, and what sh uld not. As
he desired to put an end to debaie.unon this subject,
that the House might proceed to'the transaction of
necessary business, he asked for the previous ques-
uon. *
Mr. WHITE rose to a point of order. He sug-
gested that there was no necessity for a reconsidera-
tion. It was the duty of the Speaker to direct that
all papers should be excluded from printing which
specifically ordered to be printed.
The demand for the previous question was
seconded, and the main question ordered to be now
.i (5ue®,ion of reconsideration was decided in
the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. CRANSTON, the paper an.
pended to the resolutions was withdrawn.
The question then being upon laying the resolu-
tions on the table, and ordering them to be printed
a division of the question was called for; and beiiie
first taken on laying on the table, was decided in
the affirmative. On ordering the printing*
Mr. PAINE called for the previous'question,
dered ^ SeCOnded' and the mai" question or-
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered
and being taken, resulted thus—yeas 147, nays 20
bo the printing was ordered.
When Mr. Payne's name was called, he said if
It was on the motion to print the mutilated paper he
would vote "No." 1 ^ 7
Mr. BURKE then presented the protest of the
minority of the legislature of Rhode Island, against
logislat>teSt rat'on °*" 'he/najority of said
After much irregular discussion, and various ob-
jections from Messrs. BARNARD, SGHENCK
and others, and statements of various points of
order, the previous question was moved.
Mr. SCtiENCK called for tellers.
W*,' DELLET lra!le? for the yeas and nays,
but they were not then m order.
Messrs. Wintijrop and Be,.ser were appointed
fin i^'v, r reported 76 in the affirmative, and
60 m the negative. '
There was accordingly a second.
i^ARNUA.RE> called for the reading of the pro-
termWe^ht ,!rre&Ular debate ensUed; whieh
™ pro,~
Mr. BARNARD observed that he believed it was
addressed to the legislature of Rhode Island, and
not received, because it was considered direspectful.
Mr* W7NTHROP said he hoped the gentleman
from New Hampshire would have leave-to with-
draw the paper. -
Mr. BURKE said he had presented it with no in-
tention to impose upon the House. He had stated
what it was.
The main' question was ordered to be now put—
being to lay the communication on the table, and or-
der the printing.
Mr. COLLAMER called for a division of the
question; and being first taken on laying on the ta-
ble,- was decided in the affirmative.
On the motion to print, the yeas and nays were
demanded and ordered; and being taken, resulted
thus—yeas 96, nays 75.
ARMY" APPROPRIATION BILL*
Mr. STETSON gave notice of his intention to
move a reconsideration of the vote by which the
army appropriation bill was passed, in order to ob-
tain a reconsideration of the vote.by which the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentuc-
ky [Mr. Boyd] was rejected.
Mr. TIBBATTS made some observations in fa-
vor of the reconsideration.
The yeas and nays were then culled for, and or-
dered, on they motion to reconsider, and they termi-
nated thus: yeas 78, nays 67.
The question then recurred on the engrossment of
the HI'. °
Mr. STETSON then moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the amendment in relation to the
military post at Newport, in Kentucky, was reject
The amendment is as follows:
+9nd be Hfurther enacted, That thfi Secretary of War be
and he is hereby, authorized to purchase, for the use and in
the name of the United States, so much ground, not exceed-
JPf tT' ? acT,r' at, rtn,d the barracks at Nev, port, in
the State of Kentucky, as he maj deem necessaij for the
convenience and safety of said po«t.
Jlnd'be it fu-thcr enacted, Hiat the sum of $15,51.0 be ap-
propriated for the purchase of said ground, and for the fur-
ther purpose of repairing the present buildings, and erect-
ing any others that rrwy be necessary at said post: Pi ondcd
l hat the sum appropriated for the purchase of the addition^
al ground shall not exceed the sum of $5,500 for the whole
of the two acres proposed to be purchased; and if the title
cannot be obtained for all of said ground, then he may pur-
ln^ROGO er4, 6' S2' aad 33' at a sum not
Mr. HARALSON advocated the adoption of the
amendment, explaining the reasons which had in-
fluenced the Committee on Military Affairs to rec-
ommend the appropriation.
T^eTSTJTlTJ^^a,s-debated hy Messrs. VANCE
3 .. opposition to the amendment,
and Mr. TIBBATTS in its favor.
Mr. DROMGOOLE was opposed to the intro-
duction of this appropriation in the manner pro-
posed. If the purchase of land for military pur-
poses was requisite, authority ought to be given to
the proper officer by a separata bill. There was no
necessity he thought, for prescribing what particu-
lar lots should be purchased.
tJby Mr?HAMLW.am^ent Was alS0 adv0Ca-
ALSONebate WaS further conti"ued by Mr. IIAR-
!fAL?,m0V,e<iTlie Pre™u  question; and it
was sustained by the House.
The question then recurred on reconsidering the
vote by which the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky was rejected; and it was again nega-
tived—6fe voting m the affirmative, and 74 in the
negative.
The bill was then asain ordered to be engrossed
pissed reac,m£> ancl was fend a third time and
Mr. McKAY called for the orders of the dav.
Mr. J. P. KEiSTiN"EDY desired to present some
memorials from the city of Baltimore.
Objections were made; and the gentleman was in-
formed that there was a rule under which he could
present his petitions, without bringing them before
the House.
Mr. KENNEDY said he desired to move the
printing of the memorials; and that could onlv be
done by a motion in the House. He moved a sus-
pension of the rules to give him the opportunity to
make his motion; but the House refused to sus-
pend.
Mr. TIBBATTS inquired if the morning hour
had expired. (It was now 4 o'clock.)
Mr. HALE replied that the morning hour had
not yet begun, (Laughter.)
Mr. TIBBATTS moved that the House take up
the bill for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers.
Mr. McKAY said that motion would require a
vote of two-thirds, and he hoped the gentleman
would withdraw it, that they might proceed to the
orders of the day.
Mr. YANCE moved that the -House do now
adjourn.
The yeas and nays -were called for, and ordered
on that motion, and being taken—resulted thus:
yeas 88, naya 73.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them: "
HENRY DODGE: The petition of 120 citizens of
the territory of Wisconsin, asking the establishment of a
mail route lrom Madison, the seat of government for the
'1 erritory of Wisconsin, via Sun Prairie, in Dade county
Columbus, in Portage county, to Beaver, in Dodge county,
and from thence to n aupon, in Kon du Lac county : referred
to the committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. ..jeCaN.NtLL : The petition of Exekiel Mat-
thews, and numerous other citizens, praying Congress to
permit him to enter two islands, in the Coosa river, below
colims'a ferry, in the State of Alabama.
k-" 1, r- H.MiiiICK: 1 he petition of David Towle, of the
State of ^ame, for a pension: referred to the Committee on
invalid Pensions
iiy -vlr ANDREWSTEWART: Five memorials, signed
by many citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
any change m the tariff of 134i, and especially debrecatin*
the passage of the bill lately reported by the Committee of
vx ays and ,\.eans
ai,by "WJ' WJ^A¥ The memorial of William
Shugard, and 160 others, citizens of the South u ard of New-
ark, iNew Jersey, proiesuug against any interference 'with
the existing taritt law. Also, the memorial of Jabez D.
Knburn, and 74 others, citizens of South Orange, New Jer.
sey, protesting against any alteration in the existing tanft
law. Also, the memorial of David Morehouse, and 66
Others, citizens of Livingston, Esses county New Jersey
pro testing against any alteration of the tanit law of 1342 '
iiy .',jr rturr: 'ihe petition of a large number of inhab-
itants of the toivnol  tuj vesant, Columbia county, New
x ork, lor a reduction on the present rate of postage on let-
ters and other papers, and momiying the franking privilege.
By Mr.lHvXdl'SON': The petition of tv ade liias'singham,
ot the state of Mississippi, praying to be allowed to enter a
quantity of unappropriated land m the Chickasaw land dis-
j Vl.uCli °' a 'J-80' cnterecI by Wm through mistake: refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. RELf'E: The petition of William M. Newberrv
and other citizens of Madison county, asking Congress to
establish a post route to Springfield, Missouri: referred to
the t ommittee on the Post office and Post Roads.
By Mr. SL1DELL: the petition of Joseph Walker, and
others, for a confimation of certain land titles: referred to
the Committee of Private Land Claims.
Th? Petition of E. Weeks, and 47 others,
for the establishment of a post route from Canaan post office
to Canaan Centre, thence to Canaaa Four Corners post office'
in Columbia county, New York. uce'
nr'i&it1'' McC9JfN*,'I;L: The Petition of sundry citizens
maJ ?mS.C0"r y' Alabams^ praying the establishment of a
Post Roads t0 tUe Com i tee on the Post Office and
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 17, 1844.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the vote of the Senate con.
fh mnR '"r oe il,ve?se reP°rt of the Committee on Claims in
considered. Harr,son' was> b>' unanimous consent, re-
J MooTv°aSSDGEt,pries<;Rted a Petilion William
J. Moody, a soldier m the last w ar, praying an increase of
Mr°TAPP S nas ref"™d t0 the Committee on Pensions.
city eou^c/l o^^v^land^ Ohi^^aying^the1 construction^
C^mfue^on^ommerce.placej which was referred to the
Tlfnmn1,' ijS° I":esented a petition from David Eggleston and
nakibi rh^'V ™S' P^'S reimbursement oi the money
were relfrM c land?, the entries of which
Ofce ih rt the Commissioner of the General Land
Lfndsl referred to the Committee on Public
svlva jaXJsStHASrPr<",enl^ a m^morial from <he Penn-
stronHv J, J promotins the abolition of slavery,
fo?the f"? agamst th0 ratifi"tion of any treaty
ior the annexation of i. exas to the United States The nrin.
b'v Drg™£?kiin^hlCl1 thls, sockty (w-kieh was'established
tend "} % PFZ" the anne"ationis, that it would ex-
ists- t ^ Pr.esent '""its m which it now ex-
ord^refto bt printed "ee °n K°re'Sn ReIat'™s.
doeump5I TJP')?E^ re?r('sented to the Senate certain
fo-LE l i wrere lately withdrawn from the files,
awarri nfv ^ L? Balio Peyton for the payment of the
award of certain arbitrators.
discharSp,?? the Committee on Finance was
^-m e Petltj0n Joel A. Mattison and Hardin
thlm'+Jrai'ing ^ ^indemnified for losses sustained by
em oj the detention of a quantity of railroad iron bv the
collector of the customs at Cincinnati, Cleveland and St
their petition V° SraMCd t0 Pctit,oners to withdraw
Also, from the same committee, made an adverse renort
duty on cert V1 of W,Ui.am D:Ross' P.^y'nS " e remission of
J scrap lroa lmported into New York from
fSet: W3S 0ldered '° on tte teWe' *>e
