538
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Breese.
Sen^ti
;e.
most anxiously and deliberately considered this sub-
ject, and find no path more pleasant to pursue than
that of duty; none more inviting; none by which I
can more easily relieve myself from the weighty
responsibility I am under to the State which I rep-
resent here, and which so well deserves from me
the most faithful performance of-all my obligations
to it. Duty and patriotism alike, then, prompt me
to the course 1 pursue; and upon the judgment of
my country, 1 shall repose with no misgivings—with
no fears that I have acted counter to the public will,
or in hostility to the_ common weal.
However we may decide this most momentous
question—momentous in every aspect in which it
can be viewed—the sovereign people will review that
j udgment, and approve or condemn the actors in it,
as the facts may warrant. I am fully convinced, sir,
that the annexation of Texas,—of territory once
our own, unwisely and unjustly, and in total disre-
gard of solemn treaty stipulations, ceded to a for-
eign power—peopled by our own kindred—alike in
institutions, manners, customs, language, laws, and
religion, claiming to be, as it rightfully can, our
sister, having reposed with us upon the bosom of a
common mother,—will be hailed with joy by a large
majority of the people of the Union, and by none
with more heartfelt gratulation than the free spirits
of .the "prairie State," from whose every hill-top,
glen, and valley,will ascend the shouts of welcome—
welcome to our wandering and wayward sister, now
once more, and forever to be united with us in the
closest bonds of union, harmony and love.
I hope, Mr. President, I shall not be deemed the
apologist or defender of the executive—whose great
measure he would fain make the country believe
this is—for the part I am taking ill promoting its con-
summation. I have nothing to say for him, and
shall neither defend nor justify him, if he shall be
thought to need either defence or justification. 1
shall make but few, if any, comments on the mass
of correspondence emanating from his secretaries
and hn other functionaries. ]Nor shall I meddle
with the motives that may have prompted the exe-
cution ofthe treaty at this particular juncture in the
political affairs of the country. With these I shall
have nothing to do. As I would not that others should
judge me, so I will not arrogate to myself the right
to judge them. Though the proposition for annex-
ation may appear to others to come in "a question-
able shape," I shall not regard so much the form as
the substance of the deed; and to those who act with
me upon the question, and to the whole country, I
would say, if political capital is sought to be made
by the executive out of it, for his own advancement,
that the only credit he can of right claim, is in grant-
ing the power to the Secretary of State to perforin
the clerical part of the negotiation; the annexation
itself being brought about, as I sincerely helieve, by
the sage and patriot now retired from the bustle and
strife of politics to the peaceful shades of the Hermit-
age, with whom it has been a darling object, nur-
tured with parental fondness for many years, and if
accomplished, will be the crowning glory of his
long, well-spent, and eventful life; and, ere his eyes
close in death, they may yet repose with delight
'upon the "lone star," then no longer lonely, and
glimmering in feeble splendor, but radiant by the
glories of its association, as brilliant and as true as
the brightest of her sisters!
I shall not, Mr. President, in the argument I shall
present to the Senate, go over the whole field in
which those who have preceded me [Mr. AVam; i.i;
and Mr. McDuffie] have labored so ably and so
successfully, leaving me but a few scattered heads
to gather. That would be time misspent. My task
is the more humble one of seeking out and gathering
the few untouched heads the most skilful laborers
will leave standing in the best-reaped field, and add
them to the common store: that is my humble office,
and, in view of that, my otTeiing will be humble; and
if not valuable, will be at least sincere.
In the view I have taken of this subject, Mr.
President, it seems necessary to consider some
topics which have not been presented in the order
and in the connection m which I shall endeavor to
present them, or but slightly alluded to by senators
who have spoken to the question: and the first is—
IS TEXAS A SOVEREIGN AND INDEPENDENT
NATION?
Deciding this question in the affirmative, would seem
to me to dispose of many of the matters in contro-
versy here, which I will allude to in their proper
order.
L
Now, sir, as to the question, is Texas a sovereign
and independent nation?
If it was asked of us, of these United States, if
we are sovereign and independent, would we answer
it by saying the British crown, to whom the coun-
try once belonged, whose dominion extended from
the icy sea to the sunny south, has formally ac-
knowledged it? No, sir; we would point to the mem-
orable declaration of July 4, X77G, "that the united
colonies are, and of right ought to be, free and inde-
pendent States," sustained as it was in many a hard-
fought battle field, amid disasters and defeats,
through blood and peril, until kingly power was.
expelled the country. The acknowledgement of
George III gave it no additional power and validi-
ty, only so far as being the sovereign of one of the
nations ofthe world,who make the laws for the world,
in conjunction with other European powers, admitted
the right and the popular principle it established,
that "governments are instituted among men, de-
riving their just powers from the consent of the
governed," exploding, as it did, the old established
doctrine upon which he, in common with other
European sovereigns, held his crown—the divine
right of kings.
What test will we apply to othpr nations for the
purpose of determining their sovereignty? One of
the most obvious is this: the fact of their governing
themselves by their own laws, no matter under what
form the government may be established. So that
it maybe safely asserted, and such are the authori-
ties, that a nation governing itself by its own laws,
without any dependence on foreign power, is a sov-
ereign State. Apply this principle to Texas, and
the question is affirmatively answered, that it is a
sovereign State. Her history shows—we all know
the fact—that since the memorable battle of San Ja-
cinto, the Yorktown ofTexian struggles for inde-
pendence, fought on the 21st of April, 183G, she has
governed herself by her own laws, exercised all the
rights and prerogatives of sovereignty, and acknow-
ledged by us, by Holland, France, England, and
Belgium, to be possessed of all the attributes of
sovereignty. It is scarcely to be supposed that
these great and leading powers would have
acknowledged the fact, by solemn public acts, if
they were not satisfied of her independent condi-
tion. And all this has been done, without reference
to the supposed claim of Mexico, to her submission
and obedience. But it is said that this amounts to
nothing more than an acknowledgment of the/aef of
independence, without involving any inquiry of her
right to be so considered, thus leaving the question
open, so far as Mexico is considered, of the right.
I insist, Mr. President, that, in every case, in every
nation or State, where the popular piinciple, for
which we successfully contended, is sought to be
established, and is in fact established, that the fact
carries with it the rig/ii; that they are inseparable;
and if the fact is acknowledged by the leading pow-
ers of the world, who make the law of the world,
and who consent that a certain physical division of
the earth's surface, possessed by a civil and political
community, shall be considered by them as inde-
pendent, the right to be so can no longer be ques-
tioned. If our right does not depend upon the
acknowledgment of George the 3d, so neither does
the right of Texas depend on the acknowledgment
of Mexico. It is sufficient in both cases that the
fact exist5;; is admitted to exist by the great powers
of the world; all the functions of sovereignty ex-
ercised, and an ability shown to maintain and pre-
serve it. The consent of nations makes the right,
coupled with the power m the nation itself to pre-
serve and defend it. This the republic of Texas has
proved heiself to possess, and no sane man believes
she will e\erbe subjected to Mexican power. Eight
years have elapfed since the glorious conflict was
fought, in which our children (for they are of ns)
bathed their swords in the blood of their oppressors,
and secured for themselves, as we have done, a rank
among nations; a name among the powers of the
world; and a right to that glorious boon she has thus
far so ably maintained—her sovereignty and inde-
pendence.
If, then, Mr. President, Texas is a sovereign
and independent nation, lias she the right to cede
her territoiy, or to unite herself with another na-
tion, in which union thi3 sovereignty and inde-
pendence will be merged?
IIAS TEXAS THE RIGHT TO CEDE HERSELF
TO THE UNITED STATES?
Vattel, a writer of acknowledged authority, says:
'As a nation is under an obligation to preiene, w >th ihu
utmost care, the liberty and independence derived from na-
ture, when it has not sufficient strength of itself and is not
in a condition to resist its enemies, it may lawfully submit
to a more powerful nation, on certain conditions upon which
they shall come to an agreement; and the pact, or treaty of
submission, will be afterwards the measure and rule of the
rights of each."
Again, he says:
"This submission may be varied to infinity according to
the will of the contracting parlies; it may either leave the in-
ferior nation a part of the sovereignty, retaining it only
in certain respects; or it may *i otai.i.y abolish it; so that the
superior nation shall become the sovereign of the other;
or, m short, the least may be incorporated with the greatest, in
ordei to form, fiom thenceforward, only one single State; and
then the' citi/ens will have the same privileges as those
with whom they are united."
M?morable examples of independent states thus
disposing of themselves, may be found in ancient
history, and will occur at once to senators. One
occurs to me, recorded by Livy, not unlike, in the
mode of its application, to the request of the people of
Texas:
"We 5 ield to you, O Roman senators, Campania, and the
city of Capua, our fields, the temples of our gods—all that
we have, human and divine."
But, Mr. President, the brightness of this and of all
other kindred instances, fades before the moral splen-
dor that attends this offering of the people of Texas.
A free, and sovereign, and independent people, with
unprecedented unanimity, asking us for the benefits
of our Union; requesting us to accept their Campania,
their fields—all that they have, a free-will offering of
the pilgrim child to its beloved mother, made with-
out servility, but in the spontaneous overflow of
truly filial affection! How can we refuse such a re-
quest? How can we turn a cold, dull ear to the sad
story of her wrongs and oppressions? Have we the
heart to drive her from our embrace, and withdraw
a countcnancc that should look upon her smilingly,
and not reproachfully or coldly? I, for one,
cannot do it. Her appeal is to the Lest feel-
ings of our individual natures, and awakens in
me the liveliest sympathy, and a most earnest
desire to gratify her wishes. The motive for
the offering cannot be misunderstood or mis-
construed; it is the act of the people themselves,
in their sovereign capacity, induced to do it by the
firm conviction of the unnumbered blessings that
await upon the union, the full fruition of which our
past history so abundantly promises to them. Peo-
pled, as Texas is, by men of our own blood and lin-
eage—of kindred institutions, manners, laws, cus-
toms, religion, and language—unjustly ceded to the
Spanish monarchy, in violation of our treaty stipu-
lations with France,—it is not strange or unnatural
that this union should be desired; nor is it wonder-
ful that the desire should be reciprocal. On our
part, it may be likened to the desire the owner of a
family estate would have to get back a part of the
estate necessity had obliged him to surrender; and
this desire, this hope, would linger among his de-
scendants for many generations, and mingle itself
with every plan of imgypvement or enjoyment.
1 verily believe, Mr. President, could this meas-
ure be separated from the executive, who has taken
the initiative in it—he who by accident occupies a
seat the people never expected he would occupy,
and who has not a great share of the confidence of
the country—and out of which he seems determined
to make a hobby, on which to ride to power for the
next four years, and by his conduct diminishing its
claim upon the approbation of the people,—could it
be separated entirely from the party politics of the
country, I feel assured, sir, it would receive the al-
most undivided assent of the nation
What nation, save ours, would refuse such an of-
fer?—thr&e hundred miles square of fruitful terri-
tory; \erdant plains; mountains m their majesty,
navigable rivers; rich and productive mines; and,
above all, a free people devoted to republican princi-
ples, in whose bosoms burns the unquenchable
ilame of liberty, and who voluntarily pay io ns, by
the offering, the undissembleu homage of their con-
fidence and love."
IN'o kindred instance can happen in the other hem-
isphere—certainly not for many generation?—untjl
thrones shall crumble, and the sceptre and the dia-
dem become the playthings of mankind. But here,
on this continent, it is fondly to be hoped, it may
often occur that states, achieving their independence,
and establishing their institutions upon republican
principles, may ask a union with us, the better to
sustain those principles, and keep alive the fires of
human freedom.
] come now to inquire, Mr President, if we have
any constitutional power to accept thig cession in
