542
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Breese.
Senate.
States; we have not admitted its inhabitants to the
enjoyment of all the rights, advantages, and immuni
ties of citizens of the United States; and, in the mean
time, before conferring those blessing upon them,
we have not protected them in the free enjoyment
of their liberty, property, and the religion which
they profess. We have performed none of our en-
gagements; and shall we not now redeem our fdith?
and can we not, without a violation of any agree- *
ment with Mexico," carry out in its spirit the pre-
vious agreement with France? Texas has been,
alone and unaided by us, struggling for years for
the benefit of these stipulations. In that struggle
she has expended much of her blood, and all her
revenues, and it does seem to me alike the dictate of
honor and of justice, now to come to her relief 111 the
mode proposed; and in doing so, we wage 110 unjust
war, 30 far as wc are concerned, on Mexico.
Should Mexico declare war ageiinst us for so doing,
we can call the attention of the civilized world to the
position we shall occupy in such a war, challenging
its admiration at the generosity of our conduct, and
the honorable motives by which we have been ac-
tuated.
In view of what I have said, Mr. President, I in-
sist that Mexico—the present government or su-
preme power of Mexico, has no right to subjugate
Texas. And here I am opposed by the admis-
sions of all who have written and spoken upon this
subject, that she has such right. If she has the
right, whence did she derive it? Has England a
right to subjugate us, if she can, by a war undertaken
for that express purpose? No, sir; no nation has a
right to commence an- unjust, war of aggression
upon a peaceable neighbor, for the purpose of sub-
jecting such nation to its power, for the mere pur-
pose of conquest. It is in violation of the law of
God, and of those great principles of justice he has
established.
Texas was never a party to the present estab-
lished government of Mexico. She was a party to
her federative system, but not to her central des-
potism, and owes to it no fealty. Her history, as
already recited, proves this; and the conclusion is
irresistible,that, being in that position towards Mex-
ico, she has a right to maintain it if she can; and a
war waged to drive her from it, and subjugate her
to a power she has always repudiated, would be a
war commenced in wrong, waged unjustly, and its
authors, aiders, and abetters, should receive, as they
deserve, the execrations of the world. The deupot,
Santa Anna, himself, after his overthrow at San Ja-
cinto, acknowledged that Texas owed no allegiance
to Mexico. He signed, when at perfect liberty, arti-
cles of agreement and solemn compact with the then
President of the republic of Texas, acknowledging,
sanctioning, and ratifying her full, entire, and per-
fect independence; and in a letter of the 1st of July
thereafter, he says "he offered to treat with this gov-
ernmentand the whole letter shows his entire con-
viction of the really independent condition of Texas.
Whether a prisoner of war can bind himself by
treaty or not, is a question that does not arise here.
The dictator was at liberty; and, ay he was the em-
bodiment, or, rather, the personification of Mexico,
his acts are binding upon her now, and the
more especially as he received from Texas evely-
thing for which he stipulated.
But it is said, Mr. President, we are now actually
at war with Mexico; and the evidence of it is, that
the President, as commander-in-chief of the ainiy
and navy of the United States, has ordered a small
squadron of vessels to tile Gulf of Mexico, and some
troops to the Sabine and Red river on the Texas
frontier; and that they are, oil their several elements,
corps of observation.
Now, sir, when I consider the orders given to the
commanders of these forces—that they are to do no
hostile act, to enter no neighboring territory, but to
remain on our own, and to report to the Presi-
dent, so that he may communicate with Congress,
for its action, I see nothing at all alarming in them,
or calculated, in the remotest degree, to alarm the
country. All these are precautionary measures,
rendered necessary by the threat of Mexico, com-
municated to us by her minister, General Almonte,
on the 3d of November last, "that on sanction being
given by the executive of the Union to the incorpo-
ration of Texas into the United States, he will con-
sider his mission ended, seeing that, as the Secreta-
ry of State will have learned, the Mexican govern-
ment is resolved to declare WAR so soon as it re-
ceives information of such an act."
The executive would have been "green," indeed,
|f he Jiad not been prepaid for syeh a declaration,
after having determined to do what tlie whole coun-
try expected he would do, and seemed to desire he
should do—negotiate a treaty of annexation. I
think, sir, (though I am not his apologist or defend-
er,) he had good,reasons for believing such a treaty
would be acceptable to a large majority of the na-
tion;' and if the correspondence leading to it had
been more skilfully conducted, and had placecUthe
question on grounds more national, I believe it would
be acceptable. Suppose it had been popular, and
Mexico had carried out lier threat, attacked our
merchant ships in the gulf, or cross.ed the Sabine
with her army, and we without a force to re
sist them: how loud, how indignant would have
been, and justly too, the condemnation of the
executive by the whole country! He would have
been denounced, from one quarter of the Union to
the other, as incapable of watching over the interests
fflf the nation. Suppose this treaty had been made
by the former administration, and similar sailing and
marching orders given, and underasimilar threat: isit
probable it would have been so denouueed as this
has been, or would we not rather have been called
upon to admire and applaud the prudence, foresight,
and vigilance exhibited by the executive chief?
Suppose, again, sir, in view of the indications of
public opinion, so fully manifested, favorable to the
acquisition of Texas, our government had withheld
all efforts to that end, and she had formed an alli-
ance with England, by which all hope of ever ac-
quiring it for us would be cut off: what then do you
think, sir, would have been the judgment of the
country? What a blind and stupid President! would
be the exclamation. Could he not sec that England
had designs upon Texas—that she would, for a fa-
vorable lree-trade treaty, gieatiy to our injury, guar-
anty her independence, and make her, in time, a
jealous rival, and an alien enemy to us, instead of a
member of this great sisterhood of States? Would
a reply from the executive that Mexico had threat-
ened to declare wax if he made a treaty; and for
that cause, although he was well assured, if he did
not negotiate for annexation, England would ac-
complish her designs—and which, Mr. President,
will be consummated m thirty days after this treaty
is rejected—that Mexico had tlncatened war, and
he could not move,—be satisfactory to the people?
No, sir, no. The condemnation of the country
would have rested upon him, and he would have
been stigmatized as a weak and timid chief, want-
ing in sagacity, and of questionable patriotism.
But it is insisted, sir, and very strenuously, that,
by the fact of negotiating the treaty, we are at war
with Mexico—for the reason, among others, that by
it we have become the owner of much of her terri-
tory never occupied by Texas, and now in the ac-
tual possession of Mexico, and that we must de-
fend it, and, in so doing, we aie at war.
I do not understand, sir, that this treaty has any
force, until ratified. The constitution declares that
"the President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties;"
and this subject to the condition that two-thirds of
the senators present concur. Until this consent be
given, it is no treaty. It confers no rights, and im-
poses no obligations. It neither involves us in war,
nor does it afford just ground for Mexico to declare
war.
Suppose, sir, under the administration of Mr.
Adams in 1825 and 1827, Spain, then waging actual
war against .Mexico, with a view to her subjuga-
tion, and in possession of the strongest fortress in
Mexico, that of San Juan d'UUoa, Mr. Clay had
succeeded in purchasing Texas of Mexico, to which
power the application was made by him, and one
million of dollais offered for it: would that have af-
forded to Spain any justifiable gtounds for war on
us? and would the purchase have been any violation
of our treaty stipulations with Spain' It was not
the judgment of the country then that it would.
Again, sir: in the first year of General Jackson's
administration, an effort way made by him also to
purchase of Mexico all that part of the province of
Texas which lies east of a line beginning at the Gulf
of Mexico, in the centre of the desert, or Grand
Prairie, which lies west of the Rio Nueces, when
Spain was marshalling her forces, and had actually
in Mexico an army of several thousand men, and
had driven the Mexican fleet from the sea. War,
actual war, was raging; and the King of Spain as
much bent then on conquering the country as at any
former period of his reign. We offered Mexico,
sir, four milhonsof dollars forTexas;and our minis-
ter was instructed to give five millions, if he could
do no bet^r; mid tho argument y/3.2 used, ia the
despatch conveying these instructions to him, to in-
duce Mexico to sell, that the money she would re-
ceive would the Getter enable her to protect the bal-
ance of her territory from the power of Spain.
These were some of the arguments used by our
Secretary of State to induce Mexico to make the
cession;
"By yielding to the United States a portion of Texas, the
Mexican government will not only be relieved from the
expense ofits several garrisons in that country, but will
secure a protection to their own territory, by interposing
the United States between the Indians and their eastern
fientier, which is then exposed point.
"There is another consideration of much intrinsic weight,
which may be mged, if reference to it would not, ih your
judgment, give cause oi offence. The unsettled state of
the Mexican government is too well known to be disguised.
The successive revolutions to which it has already been
exposed attest the fact, and the dangers which threaten it
irom the intrigues, if not the opm humilities of Spain, are of a
character which cannot be regarded with indifference.
This consideration, w ith many others that might be stated,
but which your know ledge of circumstances will ieadily
suggest, exposes her extended confederacy to the hazaid of
dismemberment. It will readily be admitted by her well-
informed men,that 111 such an event, the hist successful
blow would, most probably, be struck in Texas.
"lie (the Tresidcnt) therefore authorizes you to offer to
the Mexican government, for a cession, accoidmg to the
iirst mentioned boundary, a sum not exceeding foui mil-
lions of dollars, and so i,l)on% aic his convictions oj its tat
raluc to the United States .that he will not object, if > ou
should find it indispensably necessary, to go as high as f,ve
millions.*'
He then says:
"l have already stated that the present moment is re-
garded by us as an auspicious one to secuie the cession."
And proceeds:
"The comparatively small value of the territory m ques-
tion to Mexico; its iemote and disconnected situation, the
unsettled condition of her affairs; the depressed andlan-
guislnngstate ot her finances; and, the still, and al tins mo-
//««' /, r VKTK'UJ ARI.Y THPK*1 IMXi AlTllfPf OF SfAIN, all
combine to point out and rocommend to Mexico the policy
ofpaiting with a portion of her territoiy of \eiy limited
and contingent benefit, to supply Itftnt-lj with tin vuavsof di-
fcndni* the. irsaUie with the better prospect of success, and
with Ic^s onerous bunions to her Citizens.*'
Spain did not acknowledge the independence of
Mexico until the 28th day of December, 1836; and
then only to the territories in her possession at that
time. Texas, at that time, was not in possession of
Mexico; so that no additional validity is imparted
to the title of Mexico to Texas by this act of Spain,
Texas then being a sovereign State, governed by
her own laws.
Upon the second resolution of the senator from
Missouri, that the treaty-making power does not
extend to the power of making war, and that the
President and Senate have no right to make war,
cither by declaration or adoption, 1 have but little to
say. 'We cannot declare war by treaty. That
power is confided, very properly, to the Congress.
The representatives of those who furnish the sinews
of war must be consulted. But, I apprehend, it
will not be denied that we may make a treaty, with
the fullest assurance a nation can possibly have, that,
if we do, war with a rival power will be the certain
consequence. So we m^ make a treaty of alliance
and succor, and thus involve the country in a war.
Suppose, sir, England should declare to us, in the
most solemn and official form, if we nmke a com-
mercial treaty with China, she will instantly de-
clare war against us. We have her firm resolve
communicated to us; and, as it is said ''she is too
proud to lie," what shall we do> If we ratify the
treaty, war is the certain consequence. The treaty-
making power, then, in such case, would involve
the country in war; and no man, having American
blood in his veins, or an American heart in his
bosom, could be found to censure that power, even
if buch consequences should flow from the aet of
ratification. in effect, then, the treaty-making
power would be a war-making power.
Having now, Mr. President, glanced at some of
the objections to the treaty, it remains to be con-
sidered whether or not, if Texas be acquired the
acquisition would be of any value to us.
WOULD THE ACQUISITION OF TEXAS EE^OF
ANY VALUE TO US?
Military men say, (and, among them, one of the
most distinguished captains of this or any other
age,) as a military defence, our boundary being
extended west to the Rio Grande, it would he of
great value. General Jackson says that river "is
of itself a fortification on account of its extensive
barren and uninhabitable plains," alluding to the
desert to the east of it. In 1829, the then Secretary
of State, Mr. Van Buren, in his despatch to our
jfftimster at Mexico, instructing fym to
