$28
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tational powers and appropriate duties of the .federal
ernment, doubtless refers to his annual message ol 1830,
when he elaborately discusses the whole subject, and
makes a favorable argument in favor of such appropria-
tions when national in their character and general m their
benefits. „ ^ , T , ,
Mr. D. here carefully examined all of General Jackson s
messages as well as those of all his predecessors and suc-
cessors, and he defied any gentleman to point out the first
sentence or sentiment in any message of any President of
the United States which even questioned or intimated a
doubt as to the constitutionality and expediency of appro
priations of this character. He admitted tUat appropriations
for rivers, harbors, or for any other object which was local
in its character and not national m its benefits, would be
an abuse ofpower which ought not to be -tolerated, much
less sanctioned by Congress. All appropriations for these
objects ought to be subject to the condition, and come
clearly witnin the principle laid down by Mr. Monroe, and
subsequently adopted by Gen. Jackson in his Mavsville road
veto, that they should be of "general, not local—national,
not State benefit."
Because the power exists, is no reason why it should be
abused; and because it may sometimes be abused, is no
reason for denying its existence. Let it be restrained within
its proper and just limits, and then exercised as the framers
of the constitution designed it Should be—for the common de-
fence and general good. But (said Mi'. D.) we are some-
times asked why General Jackson vetoed the "act to im-
prove the navigation of the Wabash river," if he believed
that appropriations for the improvement of the navigable
rivers were constitutional. He preferred to allow General
Jackson to answer this "question himself) and from his an-
swer it would be found tnat that bill was not rejected upon
constitutional ground. Mr. D. had already lead, from
his message returning that bill, (his annual message of 1834,)
a long extract affirming the right and duty of Congress to
provide for the improvement of the navigable rivers and
harbors, aiyl referring to his former messages for additional
reasons corroborating those views. Immediately after
that extract, we find the following:
"Sensible, however, from experience and observation, of
the great abuses to which the unrestricted exercise oJLthis
authority by Congress was exposed, 1 have prescribed a
limitation for the government of my own conduct, by which
expenditttres of tnis character are confined to places below
the port-; of entry or delivery established by law. I
am very sensible that this restriction is not as satis-
factory as could be desired, and that much embarrass-
ment may be caused to the executive department in its ex-
ecution. by appropriations for remote and not well-under-
stood objects But as neither my own rejections nor the
lights which I may properly derive from other sources,
have supplied me with a.better, I shall continue to apply my
best exertions to a faithful application of the rule u|x>n
which it is founded. 1 sincerely regret that I could not give
my assent to the bill entitled 'An act to improve the navi-
gation of the Wabash river;5 but I could not have done so
without receding from the ground which I have, upon the
fullest consideration, taken upon this subject, and of which
Congress has been heretofore apprised, and without throw*
jn^ the subject again open to abuses which no good citizen,
Ciitoitaimng my opinions, could desire "
It will here be observed that he recognised, as, m the pre-
vious part of the same message already quoted, he ex-
pressly affirmed, the authority of Congress to make such ap-
propriations; that such authority was liable to great abuses:
ana for the purpose of preventing such abuses, he had laio
down a rule upon the subject, to which he intended to ad-
here, although he acknowledged it to be uncertain and un-
satisfactory. He does not say, even, that the Wabash is not
a navigable stream—that its improvement would not be a
national work, constitutional and useful; but he does say
that it docs not come within the rule he had adopted for
the prevention of abuses; and therefore he rejected it.
lie does not insist that the establishment of a port
of entry or delivery upon a river makes it a navigable
stream, or imparts to it the character of nationality; but in
the absence of all other and more satisfactory proof, he
would take that as evidence of the national character oi the
work, and be governed by it. It was the adoption of a rule
for ascertaining a fact Upon the fact, when ascertained, de-
pended, not the constitut.onality of the appropriation, but its
propriety and expediency. "W hether that rule was the most
certain and convenient that could have been adopted, is a
mere matter of opinion upon a point not very material to
this inquiry It is sufficient that the power to make the ap-
propriation was conceded. With what propriety, then,
(said ur. D) do gentlemen charge us with a disregard of the
republican faith, as expounded by the fathers of the church?
What republican President ever domed the power of Con-
gress to appropriate money for the improvement of our nav-
igable rivers and harbors, or doubted the expediency of a
proper exercise of that power? It was not Washington, nor
Jefferson, nor Madison, nor Monroe, nor Jackson, nor Van
Bureu. No one of these ever questioned or doubted the
power- Each of them, during their respective administra-
tions, recognised and affirmed its existence in the most
solemn manner, and, by their example, proclaimed to the
world the propriety of its exercise whenever demanded by
the interests of the country
The great error into which gentlemen have fallen, in sup-
posing this that bill contravenes thedoctimes of the re-
publican party, results from confounding and amalgamating
things which are totally distinct and dissimilar, and re&t
upon entire different principles. By a wonderful con-
fusion of ideas, they associate the light to protect com-
merce and navigation upon our navigable waters, with the
power to construct artificial means of communication—ordi-
nary roads and canals—within the limits of a State, with the
right of territorial jurisdiction sufficient for their use and
preservation. The former has received the sanction and
support of every President and every administration, from
th  father of his country to the hero of the vetoes, whilst
the latter have met with the uniform opposition of the re-
P ibhean party.
Mr. D. then turned to the other branch of the subject—the
propriety of the appropriations; and upon that head, he had
but a few reirtarks to make. No assaults had been made
vyon the Mississippi, Ohio* Missouri, and Arkansas
rivers, any further than the expression of oppo-
sition to the bill. Their importance as great na-
tional highways, natural channels of commerce and
navigation, trade and travel, are appreciated and acknowl-
edged by all. These topics have all been fully and suffi-
ciently discussed.- The Illinois river, however, lias been
less fortunate in escaping particular and individual attack.
A motion has been made to strike it from the bill. The rea-
sons are twofold: first, that it is local in its character, and
secondly, that it is confined within the limits of a single
State, and therefore within the constitutional prohibition.
Mr. D. conceived these objections to be founded in a mis-
apprehension of the subject. It Was the first time he had
ever heard that appropriations ior the improvement of our
navigable waters, rivers, or harbors, were unconstitutional
because the obstructions proposed to be removed wore con-
fined within the limits of a State. This objection was cer-
tainly entitled to the merit of novelty; perhaps lie ought to
say originality; for he was confident that it had never before
emanated from the mind of any statesman since the adoption
of the federal, constitution. It was a new discovery, and a
rare one at that. The error here consisted in another con-
fusion of ideas, which failed to draw the well-settled dis-
tinction between appropriations for our navigable rivers
and harbors, and the construction of ordinary roads and
canals within the limits of u State. This distinction is
drawn with clearness, and enforced with great power, by
General Jackson, in his annual message of 1830, and again
in 1834. Indeed, nearly all the appiopriations for light-
houses, buoys, beacons, and piers, are necessarily within
the limits ol a single State. Were the appropriations for
the harbors at Boston, New York, and Charleston, uncon-
stitutional because they weie each included within the pre-
cincts of a single Stated The location ofthe object, whether
in the interior of one State or upon the confines of several,
does not determine the power to make the appropriation.
The power exists, and the propriety of its exercise depends
upon the nationality of the object to be eflectedby it. In this
respect, the harbors and rivers depend upon the same prin
ciple They have always been classed together from the
formation of the government. Gentlemen who profess to-
have so much reverence for the opinions of General Jack-
son will find that he invariably spoke of them in that light
whenever he expressed an opinion upon the subject. The
question is not whether the expenditure is to be made with-
in the borders of a single State, or to extend to a dozen of
them, but whether the river is national, and the advantages
general.
Mr. D. said he was willing that the* Illinois river should be
judged by this test. Kven :n a state of nature, without any
expenditure of money on artificial improvements, it was one
of the finest navigable streams in the world. Connecting
with the Mississippi, it penetiafe-% in the direction ofthe
lakes about two liundrea and fifty miles to a point from
which it is connected with Lake Michigan by the Illinois
and Michigan canal—a distance of about ninety miles. The
river, from its mouth to the termination of the canal, is nav-
igable during all seasons of the year, except when closed
by ice. It is from three-eighths to half a mile wide, very
straight and deep, and without a snog or a rock, or any oth-
er obstruction, to endanger or impede its free navigation,
except a few sandbars which have formed across the chan-
nel npar the mouths of certain small streams which flow m
on either side. The canal, which is of sufficient depth and
dimensions for steamboats and large vessels, is near-
ly finished, and in all probability will be entirely
completed in twelve or eighteen months. Though
this channel, and this only, we have a connected and unin-
terrupted navigation for steamboats and large vessels, from
the Atlantic ocean and the Gulf of Mexico, to all the north-
ern lakes. Its importance to the foreign and inland com-
merce and navigation of the country is immense in times of
peace, and in war, indispensable to the defence of the coun-
try. Whilst Great Britain, by means of her line of canals
connecting the upper lakes with Ontario and the St. Law-
rence, can, in the course of a few days, collect her fleets
from all quarters of the globe, and form one continuous line
from Montreal to Chicago, we have no fleet upon the
lakes; we have no navy yard there at which we could
construct one, and no channel through which we could in-
troduce our vessels from the seaboard. In times of war,
those lakes must be defended, if defended at all, by a
fleet from the naval depot and yard on the Mississippi
river. With reference to this object, as well as the defence
of the Gulf of Mexico, a bill has already passed the Senate,
and is now upon our tables, for the establisment of a navy
yaid dt Yemphis. Although Mr. D. would prefer to have
that establishment located at the mouth of the Ohio river,
and believed that to be the most suitable point, all things
considered jet he couJd not permit a mere preference for
sites and locations to endanger the success of so important
and necessary a measure of national defence. But even that
great measure would lose the greater part of its advantages
and benefits, if the navigation of that great national channel of
communication, which connects it with the lakes, should
remain impeded, and for large vessels obstructed, during a
great portion of the year, for want of an appropriation of a
few thousand dollars, to lemove a few temporary sand-bars.
Whilst the State of _ Illinois, at a cost of between six and
seven millions of dollars, furnishes a channel of communi-
cation which will at all times admit vessels chawing six ie^t
water, and so constructed, incase of emergency, tnat they
can raise it to seven and a half or eight feet, and whilst the
Illinois river, during its whole length, averages much more
than that depth,—is the navigation ofthe whole to be greatly
impeded, and their usefulness diminished, for the want of a
small appropriation to remove temporary and partial ob-
structions in a navigable stream, which has been declared
a national highway by an irrevocable ordinance?
When these facts were all taken into consideration, Mr.
D. was unable to conceive upon what grounds gentlemen
rested their doubts ofthe nationality of this appropriation.
Without disparaging any other river or work, or question-
ing the propriety of any appropriation in the bill, he was
unable to select one (except the removal of the snags in
the Mississippi river) embracing so many advantages of a
national character, connected with the commerce, naviga-
tion, and defence of the cftuntry, as this connecting link be-
tween the greatlakes of the North and the„ Gulf of Mexi-
co. The amount of money desired was a mere trifle—a
few thousand dollars only. No specific appropriation, to be
confined to this river, has been asked, for the reason that
it would require more money to purchase a di edging ma-
chine to be used on the river, than to remove all the sand-
bars afterwards. By connecting this with the Mississippi,
the same machine used would answer for the Illinois rh er,
and thus save much expense.
Mr. I>. said that he trusted, in view of all these conside-
rations, the Illinois river would be retained, and the bill
Mr. RHETT rose to state the grounds on which he, and
others who thought with him, rested their opposition to this
bill, The ground on which these works of improvement
were placed by some' gentlemen was, that they were essen-
tial to commerce, and were constitutional; under that pio-
vision of the constitution relating to the regulation of com-
merce. Another ground.was, that provision ofthe constitu-
tion in relation to the general welfare But if the gentle-
man's argument was correct, it would not stop shoit of any
harbor or river, ft would run to all internal imp*o, ements.
After a few remarks—which were too imperfectly heard to
be reported—he proceeded to comment on the remarks of
the gentleman from Illinois in relation to the facilities which
the British government had to convey a fleet to the northern
lakes, and said he had yet to learn how the falls of Niagara
could be ascended by a seventy-four.
Mr. SAMPLE and Mr. DOUGLASS explained that the
falls could be passed, and communication had from Lake
Ontario to Lake Erie by means of the Welland Canal
Mr. KHETT pioceeded. It might be as the gentleman
had said; but if the connecting canal between Lake Michi-
gan and the river Illinois was but six feet deep, as the gen-
tleman had described it, it was useless to talk of the passage
of vessels of a large class, whatever improvements might be
made m the Illinois river. But admitting the power to ex-
ist on the ground of regulating commerce, and that under
such power they could improve the Illinois and Waba&h
rivers, he put it to the gentleman if he could deny that such
power extended to e\ ery river and harbor in the Union. But
to go one step further, (and it was a very important one,) if
this government could make these internal improvements
for the promotion of commerce—if, for that purpose, rivers
and harbors could be improved, on what giound would the
gentleman from Illinois draw a distinction between thoj-e
works and railroads? Would he state that railroads were
less adapted to the purposes of commerce than mers and
harbors?
Mr. DOUGLASS said he had net gone into the question
whether railroads were constitutional or not. but General
Jackson, and the republicanpaity with which he acted, had
taken the ground that they were not, end they had gone
against them. lie further observed that the navigable
stream w hich it was constitutional to improve, was a stream
which God Almighty had made, and not the artificial work
of man.
Mr. RIIETT resumed, and contended that this govern-
ment had as much constitutional power to constiuct rail-
roads, as to improve rivers and harbors. Railroads he con-
sidered of more leal utility for the transportation of com-
merce and munitions of war, and for the means of defence.
He did not intend to raise any objections on the ground of
the amount of money appropriated He should not care a
particle if the amount were ten millions for the improve-
ment of the Ohio, the Mississippi, the Hudson, and other
great rivers, even if they had to borrow the money; it was
the principle for which "he contended, and it was the princi-
ple alone lor which any statesman would contend. The
principle here advocated by gentlemen was a very destruc-
tive one. He had heard gentlemen contend here, that this
government had no right to adopt a protective policy, and
j et they came here with vast gigantic schemes of internal
improvement, which it was contended this government had
the power to carry out. And what was the scene which had
been exhibited here m relation to these harbor and river
bills! One had been laid aside until the other was acted
upon; as though one section said to the othei. We will not
pass your harbor bill unless you agree to our river bill.
The gentleman's principle did not stop here; but if car-
ried out, there was not a debt incurred by any State of this
Union for internal improvement that must not be assumed
and paid by the general government.
Mr. DOUGLASS said the principle that he had laid down
was only such as had been advocated by Jackson, Monroe,
and every other republican President; that appropriations
were only to be made by the general government for na
tional purposes.
Mr. RHF.TT resumed. Would not a railroad running
through Pennsylvania and Ohio, connecting the seaboard
with the great western waters, be a work ot national intei-
c&t? The time was not far distant when steam w ould su-
persede every thing else. Let the system of universal ap-
propriation for all purposes of public improvement prevail
mCongress, and what would be the consequence/ The
consequence would be to make Congress a Parliament like
that of Great Britain; to make it m fact omnipotent—for the
money power was the right arm, the beginning and the
end of government; and if the money power be unlimited,
Congress would be omnipotent; it" would override tins
great and mighty Union with a giant's power. Would a
sovereign State submit to such a virtual consolidation
Mr. DOUGLASS inquired whether the gentleman from
from South Carolina had not voted for the appropriation
lor the Savannah river the other day?
Mi.HHETT said he had never'voted for any proposi-
tion for internal improvement by tbe general government.
Mr HOLMES said the gentleman from Illinois, (or all
noise,) in default of legitimate argument to justify hi*?
course, resorted to the more effectual mode of argument
drawn not from premises, but from men, and voted under
the seven-fold shield of the Telamon Ajax. Jackson said
so; ergo it is so. That was the gentleman's mode of rea-
soning.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he would referto anotherauthorily—
John C. Calhoun.
Mr. HOLMES said as he was no man's man, he would
neither defer to Geneial Jackson, nor to John C. Calhoun,
when the constitution of the country was concerned; and
he would tell the gentleman another thing: if he did not
possess the great light which burned with so much efful-
gence about those great men, yet he would not attempt to
