CftJTCJRlSSIMiitv CtLOBE
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
MONDAY, APRIL 22, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 34.
[Continued from. No. 33.
illuminate the pathway of rivers by merely lighting a loco-
foco match. [A laugh.]
The gentleman had attacked him because, at the com-
mencement of the session, he advocated the improvement of
those great highways of the West—the Ohio and the Mis-
sissippi. The gentleman then would not allow of his assist-
ance at all; for it seemed, unless he went to the whole ex-
tent for national improvement with the zeal of a western
man on one side, or of a member of the federal party on the
other, he had better stand out of the way altogether. He
asserted that the appropriation for the improvement of har-
bors was, unconstitutional; and at the same time he also
asserted that the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, as contradis-
tinguished from other rivers, were great national highways,
over which the authority of Congress did extend. His po-
sition was this; that whenever there was a proprietary right
in the United States, and not in a State, (and -he begged
fentlemen to make the distinction,) it was the bounden
uty of the United States to improve those rivers, and keep
them open for the navigation of the whole country.
Such was the argument and illustration of the Telamon
Ajax, behind whose shield the gentleman had retired. But
Gen. Jackson, though he possessed great tenacity of will,
was nevertheless not tenacious of a particular line of policy;
for he must say that he had never known a public man
whosepolicy had varied so much and so often, in accordance
with his exact position at the, time, as Gen. Jackson's. In
one respect Gen. Jackson had walked in the footsteps of his
illustrious predecessor, and his immediate predecessor, too;
for he advocated the system of internal improvements to the
fullest extent, and never faltered in his career till he found
another great man running the same race with him;-and
thenrhe tacked about and took another course. But with-
out dwelling on this part of the subject, he would put the
question to the democrats of the West whether, in going be-
yond the great national highways, (the Ohio and Mississip-
pi,) they were not endeavoring to revive the very system of
internal improvements which Gen. Jackson destroyed by
his veto? He had said destroyed; but he feared from the
connexion he now saw between the tariff' party and the in-
ternal improvement party, that the system was only sleep-
ing, and mat new life and vigor was now about to be in-
fused into it. He had great reason to fear this when he heard
a gentleman invoking the name of Gen. Jackson to sustain
this juggernaut system of unjust taxation, and that other
great system of unjust expenditure. Gentlemen who supf
ported this system might draw distinctions, if they pleased,
between themselves and the whig party; but
"Optics sharp it takes, I ween,
To see what is not to be seen."
These measures, which the whigs had proclaimed to be
In accordance with their cardinal principles, and which had
been defeated by the veto of General Jackson, were now
about to be revived by the democratic party; and well
might his friend [Mr. Rhktt] say that the whigs cheered
them on in the work. When he saw gentlemen from the
West come in and tell them that every river—no matter
where might be its source—no matter through what terri-
tory it flowed—was a proper object of internal improve-
ment; and when he saw that, by making a logrolling bill,
in which every part of the Union was to have its share, so
as to carry it through the House, the old exploded system
of internal improvement was to be revived; he confessed
he had lost all hope of seeing an end put to the odious sys-
tems of unjust taxation and extravagant expenditures. He
besought gentlemen to pause, and not suffer themselves to
be reduced by any local appropriations into a violation of
the constitution. He felt a deep interest in the prosperity of
Charleston, but he could not vote for this bill, though that
city was to derive some benefit from it. After a few more
remarks from Mr. H.?
Mr. McCLELLAND observed that, as a member of the
Committee on Commerce, he felt some little disposition to
trespass on the time of the House, so as to give his views
oa the question under consideration. Though a member of
the same party with the gentleman who last addressed the
House, yet he would take the occahio* to say that he con-
curred entirely in the views expressed by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglass.] We of the West, said he,
believe that appropriations for the improvement of the west-
ex-n harbors and rivers are constitutional; and it wjU take
better arguments than we have heard to-day to make us be-
lieve to the contrary. Until these appropriations were
granted, the West could not sustain its commerce, nor de-
fend the western country from that enemy which they were
most in dread of.
He would ask the gentleman from South Carol.na on
What principle he based his vote for an appropriation for
the Ohio and Mississippi, and denied appiopmtions to the
lakes, which the w astern people said were essential for
their defence' What distinction did he draw between ap-
propriations for light-houses on the lakes and appropria-
tions for harbors^
Mr. HOLMES said that, in his opinion, Congress had a
right to remove obstructions in the lakes, for the reason
that the jurisdiction was in the United States; but Congress
could not improve the harbors, because the jurisdiction was
m the States. For the same reason, Congress could im-
prove the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, for the United States,
possessing proprietory and territorial jurisdiction over
them, the States could not improve them if Congress did
not But Congress could not improve the Illinois n\ er, for
it did not possess jurisdiction over it, the jurisdiction of that
river was in the States through which it flowed, and they
had the power to improve it.
Mr. McCLELLAND contended that, on the gentleman's
own argument, Congress had the right to improve the har-
bors of the lakes. "Mr. McC , after referring to the ordi-
nance of 1787. for the purpose of comparing it with the
grounds on which the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr,
Holmes] based his support of appropriations for the Ohio
and Mississippi, said fie would again ask him what right
Congress had to place a light-house on any shore of Lake
Erie, and claim jurisdiction over it, if it had not the right to
make a harbor at the same spot, and also to take jurisdic-
tion over it.
Why, the gentleman, as chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, had reported a bill appropriating $500,000 for
light-houses; and yet he denied the power of Congress to
appropriate money for harbors. He would also ask the
gentlemen who were opposed to making ail appropriation
for the Illinois river, how it happened that many of them
voted last year for the bill making appropriation* for the
Ohio-and Mississippi, including the Arkansas as one of its
tributaries? Was it because the Arkansas was not confined
to a single State, but ran through two or three? If, so, the
Illinois had equal claims, for it went through two or three
States. Where was the distinction, except the one river was
a little further south than the other? Mr. McC. contended
that there was no objection to appropriations for harbors on
the lakes that would not with equal force apply to the
Ohio and Mississippi; and in support of his argument,
quoted the opinions of Mr. Madison, which were read by the
Clerk from his table.
He went on, at great length, to show that Madison, Mon-
roe, Jackson, and Van Buren. had never objected, on consti-
tutional grounds, to these works; and he contended that
they were works that were necessary to the defence of the
country in case of war. He then proceeded to ask those
gentlemen who professed to have constitutional scruples on
this subject, how they could vote for fishing bounties, or a
protective tariff, and not vote for this bill? How could
southern gentlemen vote for the annexation of Texas, and
yet refuse to vote for this bill on constitutional grounds? If
the constitution gave the right to annex Texas to this
Union, it was by a resort-to its spirit rather than to its letter;
and surely the spirit of the constitution was not opposed to
this bill. But again: how could they purchase now territo-
ry if they had no power to improve the old. The eastern
gentlemen would, perhaps, reply that they voted fora pro-
tective tariff to protect the labor and capital of their citi-
zens; and yet they could refuse to vote for this bill, which
was essentially a bill for the protection not only of the prop-
erty but the lives of their fellow-citizens. He defended the
bill at much length, both from the necessity and appropri-
ateness of the appropriations, and also on the ground of
economy; lor an early appropriation would indeed cause a
less expenditure than if the work was longer delayed.
Mr. A. KENNEDY, after some introductory remarks, said
it was not so material to him whether General Jackson or
other distinguished men went to a certain point, as whether
the point itself was right. Whether General Jackson ve-
toed a measure of this description on the ground of constitu-
tionality or expediency, he cared not now to inquire, but
subsequent events had satisfied the people that Gen. Jack-
son was right
He believed it was constitutional; but there were things
in the bill for which, in point of expediency, he could not
and would not vote. It was a constitutional and proper ex-
ercise of the powers of Congress to make an appropriation
of money for the improvement of the western rivers; there-
fore he would go this far; but, when it was attempted to in-
troduce a system which must, if followed out, swallow up ,
the whole subject of internal improvement, he would take
the liberty of setting himself against it.
He moved to amend the bill by striking out from the sixth
to the tenth line inclusive; being the fifty thousand dollars
for the upper Ohio, and one hundred and eighty thousand
for the lower Ohio, the Mississippi. Missouri, and Arkansas.
The two branches of the above clause having been
amended in Committee of the Whole, a discussion ensued
upon a point of order as to whether the question should be
first taken on the amendments proposed by the committee
or upon the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DROMGOOLE understood it to be clearly estab-
lished that amendments made in Committee of the Whole
must first be gone through with by the House. The Man-
tial was distinct on that subject, and in additiontothat.it
was the best way to avoid confusion, and get on with the
business. Why, there had just now been a d07en gentle-
men on the floor at once, and nobody could tell what the
question was.
The CHAIR thought the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. K* w as in order. The priority w hich the
gentleman referred to related only to the time of putting the
question. It was in order to offer an amendment to perfect
a bill before striking out any poiuonofit. Amotion was
made to strike out, and bcfoic putting th,.t question p mo-
tion was made to perfect the bill, which was peifectly m
order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE appealed fiom the decision of the
<! hair; and on taking tho question, the Chair was sustained
by a vote of ayes 63. noes -"5.
The question was then put on the second to the pre-
vious question, and carried, and the main question was or-
dered v
The main question being on concurring in the amendment
to increase the appropriation for the Ohio river between
Pittsburgh and the foils of Louisville, was put and decided
in the affirmative—) eas 90, nays 87.
YEAS.—Messrs. Abbot, Ashe, Baker. Barnard, Bidlack,
James Black, Jacob Brmkerhoft', Brodhead, Jeremiah
Brown. Buffington, Canoll, Causin. Clinch. Cranston, Bar-
ragh. Garrett Davis, Dickey, Douglass, Duncan. Fish. Foot,
Foster, French, Giddmgs, Grmnell. Grider, Hardin. Harper,
Hays, Henley, Hubbell, Hudson. Washington Hunt, (. harles
J. Ingei soli, Joseph II. Ingersoll, Irvin. Jameson. Jenks,
Perley B Johnson, John P Kennedy. Daniel P. King,
Kirkpatrick, McCauslen, McClelland, McDowell, Mcil-
vaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris, Morse,
Moseley, Patterson, Pettit, Peyton, Phcenix, Elisha R.
hotter, Emery D. Potter, Preston, Ramsey, Chafes'
Reed, Ritter, Robinson, ,Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, ,^S|.
John, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance, David l*. .Sey-
mour, Albert Smith, J. T. Smith, -Thomas Smith", Cale)>
B. Smith, Steenrod, Andrew Stewart, Summers, Thorn- .
asson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
Wethered, White, Winthrop, "William'fright, and Yost.'
—90. *
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Barringer, Belser,
Benton, James A. Black, Bower, Uowlin, Boyd, Brengle,
M. (Brown, Burke, Burt. Caldwell, J. E. Cary, Catlin. Heu-
ben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Ciiilton,
Clingman, jCobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Dtfniel,
Richard D, Davis, John W. Davis, Dcberry,-Delict, Dick-
inson", Dillingham, Dromgoole, Dunlap, Elmer,' Farlee,
Ficklin, Byram Green, Hale, Haralson, Hoge, Hopkins*
Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, An-
drew Kennedy, Preston King, Labranche, Leonard', Lewis,
Lucas, Lyon, McConnell, McKay, Newton, Norris, Owen,
Parmenter, Purdy, Rathbun, Etavid S. Reid, Reding, Relfe,
Russell, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Robert
Smith, Spence, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone,
Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Weller, Wheaton, Williams,
Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright—87.
The question was put on the next amendment, inserting
"Wabash" after the word ^Illinois," and rejected—yeas 41,
nays 133.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Barnard, Buffington, Carroll,
Causin, Cranston, Darragh, Garrett Davis. John W.Davis,
Dickey, Dillingham, Fish, Foot, Grmnell, Grider, Hardin,
Jenks, John V. Kennedy, Mcllvaine, Edward J. Morris',
Morse, Moseley, Owen, Pettit, Phcenix, Preston, Ramsey,
Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Severance, Caleb B. Smith,
Spence, Andrew Stewart, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,'
Wethered, White, Winthrop, and Joseph A. Wright—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Anderson. Ashe, Atkinson,
Baker, Barringer, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, James Black,
James A. Black, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Brengle, Jacob
Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown,
Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Jeremiah E. Cary, Catlin, Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinch, Cling-
man, Cobb, Coles, Collamer, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel,
Richard D. Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickinson, Dromgoole,
Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Foster, French,
Giddings, Willis Green, Byram Green, Hale, Haralson,
Harper, Hays, Henley, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Hubbell, Hudson, Iluges, Hungerford, Washington
Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, Irvin, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Perley B. John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Ken-
nedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche,
Leonard, Lucas, Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland, McCon-
nell, McDowell, McKay, Marsh, Joseph <Morri$, Newton,
Norris, Parmenter. Peyton, Emfery D. Potter, Purdy, Rath-
bun, Charles M. Reed, David S. Reid, Reding,-Relfe, Ritter,
Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney, Russell, St. John, Senter,
Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simpson, Slidell,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smitn, Steenrod,
Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers, Tay-
lor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Weller, Wheaton,
Williams, Woodward, William Wright, and Yost—133.
The next amendment was to increase the appropriation ofT
$180,000 to $223,000 for the improvement of the Ohio river,
below the falls at Louisville, and of the Mississippi, Missou-
ri, Illinois, and Arkinsas rive'rs.
The yeas and nays were called for, and being ordered, re-
sulted as follows—yeas 85, nays 92.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnard, Bower,
Bowlin, Boyd, Milton Brown, William J. Brown, J. Brown,
Buffington, Carroll, Causin, Clinch, Cranston, Darragh,
Garrett Davis, Dellet, Dickey, Douglass, Duncan, Fish,
Foot, Foster, French, Willis Green, Grmnell, Grider, Har-
din, Harper, Henlev, Hoge, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jameson, Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Labranclie, Lvon, McCauslen,
Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris, Morse,
Mosely, Owen, Patteison, Pej ton, Phcenix, Emery D. Pot-
ter, Preston, Ramsey. Charles M. Reed, Relfe. Rockwell,
Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Severance, Slidell,Thomas Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Spence, Steenrod, Ste-
phens, Andrew Stewart, Stone, Summers, Thomasson, Tib-
batts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller,
Wentwoith, White, Winthrop. and William Wright—85.
NAYS—VesMS. Ahliot. Atkimon, Barringer, Eelper,
Denton, Bidlack, Jnmes Black, James A. Black, i.lackwt-11,
Biungle, Brodhead, Binke, Euit, Caldwell, Jeremiah K.
Car}", Catim Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Chappell. Chilton, Clingrwcn, Cobb, Colos, Collamerv
Cross, Cullom, Dana. Daniel. Ricbaid D. Davis, John W.
Davis. Deberry, Dickinson, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Dun-
ktp, Ellis, Elmer. Farlee, Giddings Byram Green, Hah*,
Haralson, Haj s, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston Hubard, Hub-
bell, Hungerford, James B Hunt, Cave Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston
King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Leonard, Lewis, Lu-
cas, McClelland, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Newton,
Norris, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding,
Ritter, Robinson, Russell, St. John, Senter, Thomas H.
Seymour, David L. Sejmour, Simons, Simpson, John T.
Smith. Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Strong. Taylor,
Thompson, Wheaton, Williams, Woodward, Joseph A.
Wright, and Yost—92.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. A KENNEDY" moved to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause, and insert a substitute, which appeared to be the
bill adopted in committee, except so far as relates to the Illi-
nois river, the word "Illinois'' being stricken out.
There was understood to be another variance of no grea^
