830
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
importance. It was also stated the $223,000 appropriation
remained, upon which the House had just acted:
Some irregular conversation ensued, in the course of
which,
iVjr. A. KENNEDY^ explained that the substitute was
interlined in one particular of which he was not aware at
the time he offered it. He intended to offer the bill as it
came from the committee, with the word "Illinois" stricken
out. and he wished the subtitute to be made what he design
edit to be.
Objections were made to any modification of the substi-
tute; and much conversation and excitement prevailed, du-
ring which, a motion to adjourn was made, the vote on
which was taken by Messrs. C. Johnson and Hoge as tell-
ers—and resulted thus: 80 in the affirmative, 63 in the neg-
ative 6
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were handed
to the reporters by the members presenting them:
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of sundry citizens
Irom Kane and De Kalb counties, m the State of Illinois, for a
mail route from St. Charles, Kane county, via Berkshire
Genoa, and Hick's Mills, to Cleveland, Boon county, Illinois^
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Roads.
By Mr. HUBB&LL: The petition of Jeremiah Wrieht, of
Livingston county, New_ York, praying Congress to grant
, m e t*me of his discharge in the summer
oi 1815, in the last war, until November, 1828, when he -was
placed on the pension roll: referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. HALE: The memorial of John R. St. John, alle-
ging that he has discovered a principle by which the varia-
tion of the magnetic needle from due north, at all times and
places, under any circumstances, may be readily and accu-
rately ascertained, and also has invented a machine for ac-
curately measuring the distance a vessel sails in a given
time, and praying Congress to make an appropriation for
purchasing the same for national use:' referred to the Com-
jnittee on Commerce
By Mr. J. W. DAVIS: The petition of George Washington
Chambers, and 22 other citizens of Sullivan county, Indiana
ETS,' donation iDf land to improve the navigation of the
Wanash river. Also, the petition of Oeorefe Younff and 21
jeet^ /ens °^nox county, Indiana, upon the same suh-
JAMUN~: The petition of Joseph Kelsey, and
about 100 others, citizens of Maine, for a reduction 01 letter
postage to three cents throughout the United States, and for
a similar reduction ot postage 011 newspapers and pamphlets,
and jor the entire abolition of the franking priviWe- refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
<M '' v L?r The Ppliti<"> Henry Robinson, and
<Lv15rcit,"7™ 01 county, Indiana, praying the eg-
tablishment of a mail route from Lafayette, Indiana via
Parnsh Grove, to Peoria in Illinois. '
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 18, 1844.
Mr. TAPPAN presented from the citizens of
Co-anger, in the county of Medina, Ohio, and of
Austingburg, Ashtabula county, Ohio, two remon-
strances against the annexation of Texas to the
union: ordered to he on the table.
■ ^Ir' CHITTENDEN presented a memorial from
citizens of Lebanon county, Pennsylvania, tn which
the memorialists respectfully suggest their opinion
i any modification or change of the tariff of 1842
at the present session of Congress, would be inju-
rious; and they pray that Congress will abstain
lrom any legislation on the subject. Mr. C. gave
an assurance to the memorialists that their prayer
would be regarded—that nothing would he done
with the tariff at the present session of Congress.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
rinance.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from Fred-
ericksburg, Vnginia, asking that the present tariff of
duties may not be disturbed.
Mr. CROATS presented a petition from Mrs.
Green, of New 1 ork, praying for a naval pension,
lor tile naval services of her late husband: referred
lo the Committee 011 Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, 150 copies additional
were ordered to be printed, for the use of the depart-
ment, of the report from the Treasury Department
Jor the annual statistics of commerce and naviga-
tion. b
GENERAL EDUCATION.
Mr. WOODBURY submitted following resolu-
tion: 0
ResoM, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
. greeted to inquire into the expediency of establish-
t?£W, .S ®\strlct somc system of elementary educa-
tion, which shall be opf n and free to the children of all its
S,H 10rmlr'S opinion m favor of such a sys-
DOW•  nd tiy and lcP01t the one for that pur-
OThe™,se f ' /n0de' whether bJ" lo«l taxation or
otherwise, ol supporting Uu- system.
Mr. "WOODBURY said that the resolution was
nt|°"S'' alld offered at the request of
some of the citizens of the District. He (Mr. W.I
was not partial to any particular form or system
mat might be adopted; but Congress having exclu-
sive power of legislation for the District, and thl
I e ,ig a su ijec.t of vast importance, it was certainly
worthy of examination by the committee. He there-
fore hoped the subject would be sent to the commit-
tee without delay.
The question was put on the resolution; and it
was adopted.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of certain persons who lost their right of pre-
emption to enter lands under the pre-emption act of
the 19th June, 1834, by the location of reservations
under the late treaty with the Creek Indians, for the
chiefs and orphans of that tribe; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The following resolution, reported fcom the Com-
mittee on Commerce by Mr. Huntington on Tues-
day last, was taken up and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct-
ed to institute inquiries as to the trade and commerce, for-
domestic, of the Gulf of Mexico, between the port
j'r^cs an<i Charlotte Bay, and especially at or near
the Cedar Keys; and that he report to the Senate, st its next
session, the facts he shall obtain, with his opinion of the ex-
pediency of the establishment of a new collection district,
with a port of entry at the Cedar Keys.
^ The adverse report of the Committee on Claims
in the case of George Harrison, praying to be re-
leased from liability for the amount of overpayments
made by him while paymaster in the army, and to
be allowed a commission on his disbursements, was
taken up. After a few remarks by Mr. CRIT-
TENDEN, showing that the conclusions of the
committee "that the prayer ought not to be grant-
r>iWWere- not ProPerly founded, and by Mr.
PHELPS in support of the decision of the commit-
tee as a legal question merely,
Mr. CRITTENDEN" moved to strike from the
resolution of the committee the. word "not," so as
to make the resolution read "that the prayer of the
petition ought to be granted."
This amendment was agreed to; and on his fur-
ther motion, the subject was recommitted to the
Committee on Claims, with instructions to report a
bill for the relief of the petitioner.
HISTORY OF OREGON.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the Senate took
up, as m committee of the whole, the bill for the
puichase of certain copies of the History of Oregon
California, and the other territories on (lie north'and
west coast of !Xorth America.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to strike out that portion
of the last section of the bill which provided for the
distribution of copies of this book to members of
Congress and officers of the government.
Mr. ARCHER acceded to this motion. He had
supposed it would better conform to the object, of
the senator from Ohio [Mr. Tappan] to consider it
m blank; because he (Mr. A.) presumed that the
senator as chairman of the Library Committee,
would like to have some, disposal of the books, in
the event of the passage of the bill. He was willing
to consider it in blank, so as to receive any proposi-
honorable senator from Ohio mi°ht
thmlc proper to make. "
Mr. TAPPAN said he would like to have some
report from the committee, showing the quantity of
matter, and the cost of publishing this work in the
ordinary way. Mr. Greenhow, he believed, was a
clerk m the Department of State, and had prepared
his work while m the public service, and under the
direction of the Secretary of State. He (Mr T)
was opposed to the practice of Congress becoming- a
patron of literature generally. He did not deem it
necessary, in any case, and especially m cases of
this kind, for Congress to become the first purchaser
of works which concerned the public in general
Such a work as this, going fully into the interesting
question of the title ot this country to the Territory
of Oregon required no patronage from the govern-
ment. The best patronage m this country was that
of the reading public; and any man who compiles
such a work as Mr. Greenhow's—if it was such- as
it was represented to be—would find that he could
sell to the booksellers for sufficient to compensate
him for his labor. He held, therefore, that it was
wholly unnecessary to have the publication of this
work placed under the patronage of the government.
<• i • eem.10w had published his book, instead
of making this application to Congress, 5 000
copies of it could have sold in two or three months
in the western country alone. It was a work that
would be in very extensive demand. But if Mr
Greenhow was waiting for the patronage of Con-
gress, by the passage of this bill—waiting for re-
muneration from the government; and if the work
would, by the delay in its publication, lose its in-
terest, it was his own fault. If he had gone on in
the begining of the winter, and sold the right to the
publishers, he might easily have sold a sufficient
number of copies to defray all the expenses of pub-
lication; but the probability was, that now he could
scarcely sell a copy, or at least the sale would be
very limited. He thought, however, that there was
no reason why Congress should purchase 1,500
copies for any purpose whatever. He was opposed
to this system of patronage. In the present case he
deemed it wholly unnecessary.
Mr. ARCHER understood the honorable sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Tappan,] in the observations
which he had addressed to the Senate, to call for a
report from the committee. Before he (Mr. A.)
proceeded to reply to the observations of that gen-
tleman, he would inquire what report he wanted.
There were two reports, one of which accompanied
the bill. The other was a statement by Mr. Green-
how himself.
Mr. TAPPAN wished to have the report which
stated what would be the actual cost of printing the
work.
The detailed statement of Mr. Greenhow was
then read by the Clerk; which went to show that
the 1,500 copies could not be furnished for less than
$3,000, to afford any compensation to the author.
Mr. ARCHER said he could not but express his
surprise that a gentleman, eminently literary as the
senator from Ohio was known to be, should so
strongly oppose the passage of the bill now under
consideration. He (Mr. A.) had nothing left to do
but to appeal to the declaration of the honorable
acnatoi himself, that this was a work of very °*reat
value, and that its value was peculiarly great at the
present time. This question at issue between
the government of the United States and that of Great
Britain was now about to be decided; and whether
the negotiation should result one way or the other,
it was necessaiy to have correct information on the
subject. He appealed to the honorable senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Tappan,] and to the Senate, to de-
cide whether it was not of the utmost importance that
the people of the United States should have full
and authentic information in relation to the subject
of negotiation? No man would deny that the in-
formation could not be obtained m a correct form
except through the medium of Mr. Greenhow's
work, without expending avast, amount of labor and
time. The senator from Ohio [Mr. Tippan] said
that Mr. Greenhow was a clerk in the Department
of State, and that he had compiled this book while
in the discharge of his duty in that department
Some years ago, when Mr. Forsyth was Secretary
of State, Mr. Greenhow, by his authority, did make
a compilation. It was highly commended by the
Secretary, and this body demonstrated its appro-
bation of its merits.
Mr. Greenhow was induced, after the publica-
tion of this work, to look further into the sub-
ject to consult authorities—documents, manu-
scripts,^.; and he became convinced that he could
produce a book of much higher value than he had
produced by the orderof the Secretary. The work
now under consideration was the result. He (Mr.
G.) stated that he had been employed six years
in the production of this book, which was a fact ac-
knowledged by the senator from Ohio himself. What
was the character of the book? It was a work, as
the report said, which, from its peculiar character,
could not be srtd; and therefore could not be pub-
lished without a material loss to the man who had
expended so much labor in its compilation, unless
with the assistance of the government. According
ni/r a stf5eme,lt made by Mr. Greenhow to him,
(Mr. A, ) he must inevitably suffer a loss, unless
United St t government of the
It was admitted on all sides that the book was of
great value, and required great labor in its compila-
ion. It was also allowed that the present move-
ment was an exigent one. The information contain-
ed m Mr. Greenhow's-work was of the utmost im-
portance; and that information could not be had
except through his book. "Was this a moment,
when this man did not claim a donation, but an
act of strict justice—when all attested the value of the
work—to say that it should be a loss to the author'
He was not prepared to avail himself of the labors
of another, and make him no sort of remuneration;
and yet that would be the effect on the part of the
Senate of a refusal to pass this bill.
As an evidence of the value of the work under
consideration, even the former work of Mr, Green-
