congressional globe.
W, upon which this was founded, received the
commendation in England, Germany,
and France. In their reviews they freely acknow-
ledge the. value of that compilation. Here was a
work enlarging upon the former compilation, and
showing clearly the grounds upon which the claim
of the United States to the Territory of Oregon was
based. We would perhaps conduct this negotia-
tion to a successful issue, by means of the very
arms put into our hands by Mr. Greenhow; and yet
fentlemen on the other side seemed disposed to
rive from the doors of Congress the very man who
had put these implements of success into ourhands.
And how would he be driven from the doors? Not
only by making him a loser for having rendered
benefits to the government of the United State, but
by refusing to do him an act of justice.
This was the real state of the question under con-
sideration before the Senate. The statement carried
with it a conclusion, to which he had not the least
doubt the Senate was going to come, and he awaited
its decision without any apprehension that it would
be unfavorable.
Mr. TAPPAN had another objection. He hoped
that the government would not be at the expense of
paying Mr. Greenhow for a map, when there was
already m the Department of State a- map of Ore-
gon Territory, superior, he would undertake to say,
to any that had been drawn by Mr. Greenhow.
Mr. ARCHER observed that there was ho extra
charge for the map. It went with the book.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that, even if it did, the
government owned a better map than the author of
this work could produce, and the government ought
certainly not to pay him for ma-king a map inferior
to that which was already in its possession.
Mr. ALLEN had not designed to say anything
upon this subject, and he should not now do so, but
from th  very peculiar tone of complaint which the
honorable senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer] had
maintained in this matter. He [Mr. Archer] seem-
ed inclined to think that those who did not go in
favor of this bill were disposed to do an act of great
injustice, and that Mr. Greenhow had a right to
come here and insist upon Congress acceding to his
proposition. It was presented as a question of
justice or injustice; but it behooved senators to look to
the question as it was. What was the case? It was
briefly this: An officer in the State Department was
directed by the head of that department to prepare
an official communication to Congress for the use of
the government, from the archives of the depart-
ment. He performed that work, and faithfully.
The work was found to be valuable, and as such, he
got, as compensation for his labor, an annual salary.
The work was a public document, prepared by order
of the public officer at the head of the State Depart-
ment, and corhmunicated to Congress as a public
document; and recognized by all the world as a public
document. There was no copy-right resulting from
the production of this work. It was incorporated
among the public documents of Congress, printed
by both Houses, and might be reprinted by any
establishment in the United States. It could be re-
printed by the Harpers, and, he had no doubt, sold at
the rate of twenty-live cents a copy. After all this
the gentleman who compiled the work turned his at-
tention to the subject again, and enlarged upon it,
by referring to other documents, and embracing in
it other matter. This he voluntarily undertook, and
he now brought forth the work in a new form as
matter of private property. He, (Mr. Greenhow,)
without any intimation from the government that
anything further was wanted than the original com-
pilation, now made his application to Congress to
purchase. 1,500 copies of his book; and a bill
was introduced for that purpose. In this particular,
and at this point, Congress met him as a private
citizen. He tendered the products of his own brain;
and it remained for Congress to say whether or not
it should be willing to become the first large pur-
chaser of this work from a private citizen. There
was, therefore, 110 right uponfcis part, more than
upon the part of Mr. Bancroft; or of Mr. Prescott,
or of any other able and learned minds and men of
genius in this country, to make such an application.
They had no right to demand of Congress the pur-
chase of 1,500 copies of their works, or one copy.
Suppose the Secretary of the Treasury was re-
quired to communicate to Congress, at every ses-
sion, a report on finance. After making a report,
suppose he should elaborate that report, and enlaige
it into an essay on finance, and present it to Con-
gress at the next session, and demand that the gov-
ernment should purchase 1,500 copies; would it not
hf
stand upon precisely the same ground upon which
this application stood? Precisely the same. He did
not see how it was possible for Congress to set this
precedent of becoming the first purchaser of works
produced by every literary gentleman throughout
the country . To say that this was a work of very
deep interest to the whole country, was to say noth-
ing more than could be said of thousands of others.
What was it compared with works treating upon the
financial policy of the government? Finance was a
subject that admitted of no fixed principle. It would
endure for an indefinite term of years. It was there-
fore an important subject. It was forever agitating
the country; and yet, should we be told that, when a
gentleman thought proper to write a work on fi-
nance, it ^ driving him from the doors of Con-
gress to refhse to purchase 1,500 copies? Every
question of appropriation involved likewise a ques-
tion of taxation. Senators should not stand here
bestowing favors upon men, without remembering
that they were imposing burdens upon the people.
It would be a fortunate circumstance—if by the
action of the government, it was possible—to re-
quire, whenever an appropriation was made, the same
bill to carry with it a tax. Then there would be
check upon appropriations. It would be the wisest
invention of modern times, if some man could devise
a plan by which every bill should carry with it a
tax necessary to make the appropriation. But
when we had the money in our possession, or had
the means of getting it without obtaining it in the
direct form of a tax, there was no difficulty in voting
appropriations; and hence it was that so many ap-
propriations were made, when it was scarcely
known what they were made for. The disposition
to extend the charitable hand of the government, in
this case, carried with it the dangerous precedent
of making the government the first purchaser of all
literary works produced in the country. What
work on political economy was there that would
not concern the public welfare? He took his stand
against this bill, not as having anything against thie
gentleman, for he believed him to be a very merito-
rious man; but as a public man, whose duty it was
to guard the public interest. He would not lend
his sanction to such precedents. He wished it to
be distinctly impressed upon the minds of every
one—and he repeated the declaration—that every
appropriation carried with it a tax upon the people.
It was against taxation that he levelled his objec-
tions now. If the expenditures of the government
were not limited, taxation could not be limited.
He was glad to find that his colleague had called
the attention of the Senate to the main objection to
this bill. Whatever might be his (Mr. A.'s) kind-
ness towards the individual who made the applica-
tion, his duty as a public man required that he
should oppose the passage of this bill through the
Senate of the United States.
Mr. BUCHANAN rose to address the Senate;
when
Mr. MERRICK suggested that the hour for the
special order had arrived.
Mr. ARCHER made an appeal to the senator
from Maryland, and hoped he would not press the
special order.
Mr. MERRICK did not like to have the order of
the day put off in this manner; but he had no de-
sire to obstruct the business before the Senate.
Mr. ARCHER said he would promise to call for
the special order in half an hour, if the bill under
consideration was not disposed of by that time.
Mr. RUCF-TANAN remarked that he had but a
few words to say upon this subject, and lie should
make good his promise that fie would detain the
Senate but a very few moments.
The president of this body lias appointed him a
member of the Committee oil Foieign Relations;
and he (Mr. B.) was veiy happy to serve under so
worthy a chief as his friend from Virginia. This
subject was referied to the Committee on Foreign
Relations; and, without the slightest partiality—
without the slightest feeling towards Mr. Green-
how or his book, he had considered the matter
upon the principles of strict justice; and if m jus-
tice—in strict justice—under the peculiar circum-
stances of the case, the Senate ought not to make
this subscription to Mr. Greenhow's book, he hoped
that it would not be made. He put it entirely upon
that ground. It was not a question of gratuity at
all; it was a question of strict justice.
When the chairman of the Committee framed the
bill, he did not,consult the other members about the
disposal of the books; and when he (Mr. B.) learn-
ed that each member of Congress was to peceive a
copy, he objected to that clause; and the chairman
at once agreed to strike it out. He (Mr. B.j'ob-
.jected to it, because he held that, having once put
r rn*1 practice of purchasing books for members,
of Congress, it should be discountenanced forever.
There was nothing;, in a-small way, more corrupt-
mg—nothing more disgraceful to members of Con-
gress—than to purchase books for themselves at the
enpense of the government. 4
That objection was now removed by the amend-
ment of his friend fron Ohio [Mr. TappanJ What
was the argument advanced against this,- bill?
J>recetJent for other cases; and
that Mr. Bancroft, Mr. Prescott, or any other dis-
tinguished literary man, could appeal to Congress
with a similar claim to have a subscription for his
productions that Mr. Greenhow did. More than
this, his friend from Ohio [Mr. Allen] said that
the Secretary of the Treasury could dress up one of
his annual reports, and make an elabora* essay
upon finance of it, and then make a similar appeal,
with quite as great a show of justice as this appeal
was made. 1
Now he (Mr. B.) thought that when the objec-
tions came to be considered by senators, it would be
found that there was nothing at all in them. This-
was a most peculiar case; and he trusted no case
similar* to it might ever arise under the government.
But if it did, he should be very glad to obtain the inr
formation which we had obtained through the exer-
tions of Mr. Greenhow, at a cost of five times the
amount of $3,000. Yes, six years ago, if he could
have contracted to obtain the information on the
subject of our title to the Territory of Oregon con-
this book, he would willingly have voted
$20,000 to procure it.
He had said this was a particular case. It had
been m agitation between the government of the
United States, and that of Great Britain, for more
than a quarter of a century; and—with all respect to
those who had discussed the subject—until Mr.
Greenhow made his compilation, we never under-
stood our own case. It is true that we had right-
eously claimed the title to the territory at the mouth
of the Columbia, and to the sources of that river,
by discovery; biit we never had an examination into
the old .Spanish title, and the history of the old
Spanish voyages, which gave us a right up to 54°
40' of north latitude. It required time, industry,
patience, ability, and experience; and the obtaining
from Madrid an examination of a great many Span-
ish manuscripts and printed journals. All this was
undertaken by this gentleman; and all the informa-
tion furnished in such a manner as to present the
cause of the United States to the whole world, in a
light different from that in which it had ever been
presented before.
And was this man, who had thus labored in the
cause of his country—who had thus rendered an es-
sential service to the government—to be ruined by
his attempt to sustain our claim? for, unless this
subscription were awarded him, unless he could ob-
tain it from the government, the little means which
he had acquired by his salary of $1,600 a year,
would be entirely exhausted. He must sell 2,500
copies of this work in order to make himself whole;
but he believed that he never could sell 2,500 copies
in this country. He (Mr. B.) asked him would
not the bookseller agree to take the book for noth-
ing, his answer was, No. We all knew that the
history of Oregon and California was not a subject
calculated to excitcgcneral attention It was a sub-
ject in which the general muter took little interest.
Few bur scientific men would purchase it; and he
(Mr. B.) ventured to say there would not be a sale
of 1,000 copies in this country. That was also Mr.
Greenhow's opinion.
He (Mr. R) understood there was some prospect
of a demand for the work in England. Mr. G, had
an order for 200 and odd copies from a great book-
seller in London. This was most joyful informa-
tion to him, (Mr. B.;) because, in the history of all
our contests with England, our side of the question
had never been presented there. If this book should
be published, and circulated there, it would produce
much effect in our favor upon the minds of the peo-
ple of England. He was afraid that the intimation
of his friend from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] that we
should probably have a treaty upon the subject of
Oregon, would turn out to be futile. He (Mr. B )
hoped the honorable senator had some information
to support the intimation; but until he had the most
authentic assurance himself of that fact, he should
still remain convinced that until the government of
the States took took some more decided action upojj
