646
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Jltkerton.
May, 1844.
Senate.
mer, in whose burning words is heard the voice of
democratic England:
"Steams trade with clouds, seas trade with Heaven,
Air trades with light, and is forgiven j
While man would make all climes his own,
But, chained by man, laments alone,
Give us freedom—free-trade."
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr; Choate]
contended that one of the advantages of the system
was, that by encouraging manufactures, it also fos-
tered freedom; and alluded to the voice of "demo-
cratic England" as being heard most loudly in
Manchester and Sheffield. Yes, sir, and that voice
cries—
"Give us freedom—/ree trade."
And here let me notice a glaring inconsistency in-
to which our opponents fall. First, they take the
ground that unless, by artificial means, you furnish
employment to labor, the laborers would be entirely
idle. Next, they assert that you cannot compete
with foreign manufactures, because wages are so
much higher here than abroad. Why are wages so
much higher here? It is because laborers can find
employment, and would not be obliged to remain
idle. Sir, these two positions are utterly irreconci-
lable. They contradict and destroy each other.
But, as if the argument that it is better to buy
dear at home than cheap elsewhere, and to produce
at great expense what we can obtain at less expense
from others, was not entirely satisfactory even to
the gentlemen who make use of it, they assume
another and most extraordinary position—which is,
that the imposition of duties causes a fall in prices.
And from the pertinacity with which this is urged,
we may conclude that it is considered essential to
the support of the restrictive policy, and that the
apprehension is entertained that,- unless the public
be persuaded of this fact, they will at once perceive
that the system involves the principle of taxing the
many for the benefit of a few.
Instances have been adduced where, notwithstand-
ing an imposition of duties, articles have declined
here in price, when these same articles have equally
declined elsewhere; and when improvements in ma-
chinery, cheapness of the raw material, or other
causes, have produced the result; and these instances
have been relied on to prove that it is the imposition
of the duties that has reduced the price. Eager to
establish and urge this view, some have adverted to
a fall in prices in certain articles immediately after
the passage of the tariff. To such, I oppose the
authority of the senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Simmons,] who, in his elaborate speech in favor of
the protecting system, acknowledged that "he did
not attribute the fall of prices immediately resulting
to the tariff, but to a glut caused by excessive im-
portations in prospect of its going into operation."
If prices are not increased by duties, whe?e is the
protection? Where is the advantage resulting to the
manufacturing capitalist? Let us imagine that a
manufacturing capitalist comes to Congress with a
petition stating that his business is bad; that he can-
not sell his goods at prices high enough to sustain
himself; that he humbly prays Congress to lay du-
ties on foreign articles coming in competition with
his productions, in order that his goods may become
cheaper in the market, and he may be obliged to sell
them at a still lower rate! Would not this be palpa-
bly absurd? Yet it is the sum and substance—the
very essence—of the arguments of our adversaries.
Again: I ask if the effect of duties on an article is
to lower the price, where is the protection to the
labor employed in the production of that article? If
the article be lower in price in the market, does it
not follow that the labor entering into its production
must receive a less reward? And especially it fol-
lows that, if the prices be lowered, as our adversaries
contend, by domestic competition causing improve-
ments and inventions, these labor-saving machines,
so far as that pursuit of industry is concerned in
which they are used, must lessen both the employ-
ment and the wages of labor.
And I must say, sir, that the manufacturing capi-
talists themselves, when their own interest is con-
cerned, do not act on the assumption that high duties
make low prices; and that the tafiff law was not
framed on that supposition. Where a duty was in-
creased on a raw material, even such as is produced
here, the manufacturers contended for a correspond-
ing increase in the duty on the product into which it
entered, thus taking the ground that the duty on the
raw material would raise the price. And now we
have memorials before us to make railroad iron duty
free, some of them coming from railroad corpora-
tions of the North, the members of which go for
high duties on articles which, as members of manu-
facturing corporations, they wish to sell, but pray
for a remission of duties on railroad iron, which
they wish to buy. A bill has been reported by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance tcr remit du-
ties on railroad iron. The Pennsylvania iron mas-
ters assert that they can furnish all the railroad iron
that is wanted. Why, then, this inconsistency? It
would se£m that this doctrine that high duties make
articles cheap, will do better for theoretical specula-
tion than as a basis of individual action.
Mr. President, I am no enemy to manufactures.
No one more highly estimates their importance.
And let me not be understood to feel any hostility
to manufacturers. Their rights and interests should
be regarded with as anxious solicitude as those of
any class of the community. Among them are
many of my personal, some of my political friends.
The State which I in part represent is largely inter-
ested—the place of my immediate residence
is principally interested in manufactures. Least of
all would I do anything tending to the injury of the
manufacturing operatives. I live surrounded by
them, and know their temperance, their industry,
and their worth. But I am speaking of the tenden-
cies of the .restrictive system when carried out. In
a country of such boundless resources and wide-
spread territory, the system partially defeats itself.
We have heard that, in four years after the act of
1836, the manufactuiing interest "fell flat." So
again, in four years after the act of 1824 a necessity
was found for the act of 1828. This perpetually
recurring need of fresh stimulus indicates anything
rather than healthful progress. What some of
the most intelligent of the manufacturers themselves
desire is, that stability and permanency in your pol-
icy, resulting from the incidental protection of a fair
revenue tariff, and an exemption from those expan-
sions of the currency which operate so ruinously to
their welfare. Revulsions in their business ate especi-
ally injurious to manufacturers of limited capital,
who conduct their business themselves, on a small
scale; for those of large capital are able to wait until
the storm pass by. They are also especially detri-
mental to the operatives, in exposing them to have
their wages cut down, and to be suddenly, in large
numbers, deprived of their accustomed employ-
ment. What do we now see? The enormous prof-
its which are realized by those whose capital is in-
vested in manufactures, are drawing into the busi-
siness, as into a vortex, a vast additional amount of
capital. It appeals from a newspaper published at
Manchester, New Hampshire, that preparations are
making for erecting three cotton mills of twenty-
five thousand spindles each. Numerous and exten-
sive establishments are projected in different parts of
the country. A most intelligent manufacturer in-
forms me that old machinery which he had thrown
aside is now eagerly sought for and purchased, and
that the making of machinery l^parried on, where-
ever it can be done, with the utmost diligence. A
reaction and revulsion, with the consequent evils,
must inevitably result. The senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Choate,] alluding to the exhibition
by the senator from Missouri of the fluctuations in
the revenue and revulsions in affairs incident to the
period since the adoption of the restrictive policy,
said that such fluctuations "did not scare him;"
that a stream would sometimes overflow its
its banks; that he had known a frost destroy the
beans in New Hampshire in July, and a person
killed by lightning in February; but the world still
went on. I know that convulsions and agitations
are in a degree incident to transactions in business,
as storms and floods will sometimes visit the earth.
But it would not be well to dam up a mighty river
for the sake of causing it to overflow and carry des-
olation over its banks; nor to request Mr. Espy, if
he could, to create a snow-storm in July, to evince
that we could live through it; nor to erect an electric
battery to knock a few persons down by way of ex-
periment, and to show that wc are not afraid of
lightning. Sheridan said, people would sometimes
beat their brains out against a wall; but it was not
worth while to erect a wall for that express pur-
pose. Continual agitations and fluctuations in busi-
ness are detrimental to the regular and honest pur-
suits of industry. They benefit none except sharp-
ers and speculators—those wreckers on the shore
of the great ocean of human affairs. And the pre-
sumption of those who would do anything to in-
crease and exasperate the storms which, to a certain
extent, are inevitable, and which, at times, strew
the beach with wrecks, is as great as that of those
clergymen in Pomerama, who, as late as a century
ago, were accustomed, in their Sabbath invocations
at the Throne of Mercy, to pray for "a rich strand."
Next, sir, .permit me, in reply to the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Choate,] to read pretty
copious extracts from the debates preceding the pas-
sage of the bill of 1789—debates which all may read
with instruction, as those of the Congress which met
immediately after the adoption of the constitution,
and on account of the eminent character and high
authority of those who participated in them. That
the tax falls on the consumer:
Mr. Gerry: "It is clear, by this time, to the House, that
we have in contemplation no other mode of obtaining reve-
nue but by the impost, at least for the present. The impost
must come from the commercial States, and therefore the
'burdens should be light, or one part of the community is
oppressed more than the other. It may be said that the du-
ty falls eventually upon the consumer, and therefore all
the States participate in the payment. But gentlemen will
admit the importer pays the revenue in the hrst instance;
and I grant that if he sellshis commodities on good terms,
he provides for the repayment; but, m case offailure in the
person to whom he sells them, he loses the duty, and the
consumer does not pay it.
Mr.Sherman: "!f these duties are to be considered as a
tax on the trading part of the community alone, they are
improper; but this 1 believe is not the case, 'l'kt: c(nuumcr
pays them eventually
Mr. Amks: "The tax would operate more against the poor
than the rich, because the poor were the principal consnmei s
of the at tide."
That duties should be laid on luxuries, not neces-
saries:
Mr. Amfs: "We are not to titx a necessary of life m the
same manner as we do a purnicious luxury. * * If it is
admitted to be a requisite for the support of life, a tax on it
will be the same as a tax on bread; it is repugnant to the liist
punciples of policy to lay taxes of this nature in America.
What is it that entitles the United States to take rank of all
the nations of Europe, but because it is the best country for
the poor to live m?"
Mr. Scott. "I presume the paiticulai article which is to
bo subjected to an extraordinary duty, must either come at
so cheap a rate, according to its intrinsic value, as to bear a
greater impost, without being unreasonably expensi\e, m
it must be one which we do not stand in need ol at all, and
only used for the purposes of luxury. If an article does
not come within one of those descriptions, 1 see no reason
why it should be taxed ina.ii extraordinary manner."
Mr. Lvwrencl: "Shall we, Mr. Chairman, tax articles
which are necessaries of liie, equally as if they were lux-
uries? I apprehend not."
Mr. Amks: ""Why should the poor of Massachusettss be
taxed for the beverage they use of s>piuce, molasses, and
water'' It surely is unreasonable."
That the effect of the imposition of duties is to
raise prices:
Mr. Moore: "By the encouragement given to manufac-
tures, you raise them in price,, while a competition is de-
stroyed which tended to the advantage of agriculture."
Mr. Hartley: * "By laying such partial duties oil the
importation of foreign goods, as to give the home manu-
factures a considct able adcantage in the price when brought
to market."
Mr. TucKrn "considered the smallest tax on this article
(steel) to be a burden on agriculture, which ought to be con-
sidered an interest most deserving piotection and encourage-
ment."
That the duties imposed by the bill were rewnitc
duties:
Mi. La.wrench: "Ifitisour object to raise revenue., it is
certainly unwise to destroy the object from which the rev-
enue is to be collected."
Mr. Sherman* "gave it as his opinion, that in fixing the
duties on particular articles, if they could not,obtain the
exact quantum, it would be better to run the risk of erring
in setting low duties than high ones."
Mv. Fitzsimmons: "As gentlemen seem to agree a Urge
sum should be obtained by impost, they would consequently
be ready to vote for as high duties as could be collected,
without sacrificing the commercial or agricultural inter-
ests of the country.*'
Mr. Boudinot: "It is agreed that a revenue must be ob-
tained adequate to our wants; but some gentlemen think w e
shall not leeeivea greater sum, because we lay a high dutj 5
in this opinion, I am with them " "11 we lay a light duty of
thuty or forty per cent., the temptation (fui smuggling) will
be too strong lor resistance, and the su>m collected may not
amount to ten per cent, on the whole importation; wheiejs
if we lay fifteen or twenty per cent., the whole may proba-
bly be collected."
Mr. Txh'k>r: ''1 repeat the ob&eivation, that high duties
are improper, because they are impolitic, and likely to de-
feat the ubje<t of revenue, less will be collected on them,
than on moderate ones. Jf it he considered a* an encour-
aueinent to manufactures to lay heavy duties on enumerated
.nticles, it is a tax 011 one part tor the emolument of another.
Vive per cent upon all articles imputed would raise a con-
iidcrublfi reienue, and be a sufficient encouia^tmtnl to manu-
factum* especially if we add to thic five per cent., the ex-
pense of freight and other charges ot importation on foreign
goods."
Mr Ames: "I submit it to gentlemen to say, whetherthere
is any other reason for latins. his;h duties, but what arises from
pecuniary considerations' If there be not—and if it well
Known that a moderate duty realizes as much as a high one-
gentlemen will concur in the reduction.''
i Mr, Sherman " thought the principles of the motion, an J
