May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
54?
The Tariff—Mr. .Mherton.
Senate.
the principles of the bill ,were inconsistent. The principle of
the bill was to raise revenue; the piinciple of the motion to
correct a moral evil."
Mr. Madison: "1 wish vv e \v ere under less necessity than
I find we are to shackle our commerce with duties, restric'
Hons and prefercnces."
In 1791, Mr. Skdgwick said: "The impost duties had been
extended as far us was, in the opinion oi any gentleman, dic-
tated by sound policy
In 1789, Mr. Madison' said: "In the first place, I own my-
self the friend to a very free system of commerce, and hold
it as a truth that commercial shackles are generally unjust,
oppressive, and impolitic. It is al&o a truth that, if industry
and labor are left to take their own course, they will gener-
ally be directed to those objects which are the most pro-
ductive, and this in a more certain and direct manner than
the u isdom of the most enlightened legislation could point
out. Nor do r think that the national interest is more pro-
moted by such restrictions, than that the interest of individ-
uals would be promoted by legislative interference direct-
ing the particular application of its industry. For example:
We should find no advantage in saying that every man should
be obliged to furnish himself, by his own labor, with those ac-
commodations which depend on the mechanic arts, instead of
employing his neighbor, who could do it for him on better
terms. It would be of no advantage to the shoemaker to make
his own clothes, to save the expense of the tailor's bill; nor of
the tailor to make his own shoes, to save the expense of
procuring them from the shoemaker. It would be better
policy to suffer each of them to employ his talents in his
own way. The case is the same between the exercise of
the aits and of agriculture—between the city and the country
—and betw een city and town—each capable of making par-
ticular articles in abundance to supply the other. 'Thus all
are benefited by exchanges; and the less this exchange is
cramped by government, the greater are the proportions of
benefit to each. The same argument holds good between
nation, and nation, and between parts of the same nation.'"
If we ponder upon these debates, how different is
their tenor from the arguments now used by sena-
tors who advocate the act of 1842? We there find
it stated that the duty falls, not upon the foreign pro-
ducer, but upon the consumer; that duties increase
the prices of the article; that the advantage given to
the domestic producer is an advantage in price. We
see with what care the men of that time avoided ma-
king duties so high as to tend to prohibition; how ex-
plicitly they avow their design not to go beyond the
revenue standard; their anxiety not to oppress com-
merce,and to avoid the taxation of necessaries, and the
imposition of burdens on the poor. And we have the
high authority of Mr. Madison in favor of those
doctrines which our opponents so strenuously con-
trovert. After reading these debates, and reflecting
on their scope and tendency, one can well imagine
what would have been the amazement of those great
and patriotic men, if any one among them had pro-
posed such duties as are laid by the act of 1642, and
supported the proposition by such arguments as we
now hear daily urged. Not only does the whole
scope of the debate show that the act of 1789 was
intended as a revenue tariff, but we have the indis-
putable fact that it was not only a revenue tariff, but
a revenue tariff of low duties—they not averaging
more than from five to ten or twelve per cent. And
if the act was denominated "an act for the encour-
agement and protection of domestic manufactures,"
this circumstance, taken in connection with the real
character of the act, only proves that its framers
bought a revenue tariff sufficient for that object.
As the senators from Massachusetts have paid
particular attention to New Hampshire, I hope 1
shall be pardoned for adverting a moment to their
remarks. My colleague, commenting on the injuri-
ous effect of the tariff on agriculture and navigation,
stated that agriculture was the main interest of his
State, and that the place in which he resided was
principally interested in navigation. The senators
nave made themselves quite merry with the naviga-
tion of New Hampshire. Now, does not every one
know that Portsmouth is the only seaport of New
Hampshire, and that, from its situation, its trade is
limited to a small circle of territory in its immediate
vicinity? and that Boston—whose imports and ex-
ports have been referred to—is the importing and
exporting city for the State of New Hampshire'
The senator over the way [Mr. Bites] stated that
New Hampshire had employed in navigation only
fifty-three men, and three boys. His colleague, [Mr.
Choate,] thinking the joke too good a one to be
lost, repeajed it; but I must say to them both that
they have departed from their principles in this in-
stance; for with neither of them was the joke of
domestic manufacture, but imported, perhaps be-
cause it could be obtained there cheaper, from the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. But it
would seem that they all sacrificed the argument to
the wit of the thing; for it is difficult to see how the
depression of the commerce and navigation of Ports-
mouth proves the benefits conferred by the restrict-
ive system. But how are the facts, looking to pop-
ulation s's our guide' Of registered seamen, (tecoi'd-
ing to the last returns, (and this is exclusive of fish-
eries, and the coasting trade,) Portsmouth has 1 in
76 of population, while Boston has only 1 in 82;
Salem 1 in 124; New York 1 in 276; Philadelphia 1
in 253.
Of tonnage, Portsmouth has, in proportion to pop-
ulation, 3 tons a head; Boston 2 tons; New York 1*;
Philadelphia 1.
If the senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate]
intended to imply anything unfavorable to the agri-
cultural products of New Hampshire, by his de-
scent, in the shape of a frost, upon our beans, I will
only, in all kindness, ask him if he has compared
the agricultural statistics of the States of Massachu-
setts and New Hampshire, as contained in the last
census.
The census returns show that New Hampshire
has, in proportion to population, as compared with
Massachusetts, near twice as many horses and
mules—more than twice as many neat cattle—more
than four times as many sheep; that she produces,
of the cereal grains, (as wheat, barley, oats, rye,
buckwheat, and Indian corn,) in propor'ion to popu-
lation, more than twice as many bushels. It ap-
pears, from these returns, that New Hampshire
produces far more than Massachusetts, in propor-
tion to population, of all the agricultural products,
except two, and those the trifling ones of silk and to-
bacco. For example: three times as many pounds
of wool; twice as many pounds of hops; almost
three times as many pounds of wax; almost three
times as many bushels of potatoes; twice as many
tons of hay; five times as many pounds of sugar;
more cords of wood for sale; more in value of the
products of the dairy and orchard; and six times as
much in value of home-made and family goods. It
is proper to remark, before dismissing the subject,
that, in these tables, the beans are not mentioned at
all.
This question, Mr. President, is not only import-
ant when viewed as a question of economy, but
equally, if not more so, regarded as a political ques-
tion. The restrictive system is adverse to the spirit
of our institutions, which is, to have as little govern-
ment as possible—and that, self-government. Men
here only desire of government to be defended
against force and fraud, and to be left free to pursue
whatever avocations they choose. The meddling
legislation that interferes with their business pur-
suits, undertakes to decide for them what they can
better decide for themselves. As naturally as water
seeks a level, industry seeks out for itself the most
profitable channels. By passing laws, you may dis-
place wealth, but you cannot create it. The idea of
creating wealth by legislation is as bad as any other
shift to get rich without labor. Government re-
straint is, in itself, a necessary evil; but in what
shall the people be>;.left free, if not in their busi-
ness pursuits? And when we are told of the
necessity of the exercise of the " paternal
science of the government,'' m the regulation
of such matters, I reply that it is for the
subjects of some "paternal" despotism, to be inter-
fered with and restricted m their busmess pursuits;
but the industrious and self-relying citizen of a re-
public, asks that he may be left to pursue his own
industry in his own way, and to trade when and
where he pleases. Government, here, cannot prop-
erly be thus considered as something distinct from
the people, and capable to decide what is best for them
in all their business affairs, and prompt to restrict
them accordingly. It is the people governing them-
selves through their agents. The "paternal science"
of those agents will be far more likely to be at fault
in exercising such a censorship, than the enlighten-
ed self-interest of individuals judging for themselves.
One inevitable consequence of the system is, that
a struggle ensues for special privileges, and special
legislation, in which the wealthiest, the shrewdest,
and the most active and persevering prevail. The
struggle is too apt to end in the preponderance of
some paiticular interests, and in the taxing the many
for the benefit of a few. It is a sentiment of Burke,
that "the cold commendation of a public advantage
never was and never will be a match for the quick
sensibility of a private loss." Those who are con-
cerned where associate wealth is embodied and ar-
rayed, are ever the most eager, and active, and suc-
cessful in their attempts to procure special favors.
With incessant importunities and plausible state-
ments, they labor zealously to obtain their ends. If
their requests are denied, they raise the cry of injus-
tice and oppression, and strive to persuade others,
as perhaps they have succeeded m persuading them-
selves, that to subserve their private interest is to
promote the public good.
When the senator from South Carolina stated,
that, by- the act of 1789 only 5 per cent, duty was
imposed on cotton and woollen manufactures, the
senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] replied,
that there was not then one cotton or woollen spin-
dle running in the United States; and that, though'
there were manufactures to a considerable amount,
yet they, were interior, coarse, household manufac-
tures, and did not constitute that extended, enlarged,
sensitive interest they do at present. It was/ormei-
ly said that infant and growing manufactures re-
quired protection, and that if this'were granted them,
they would, in time, be able to stand without assist-
ance. Is it because an interest is strong and pow-
erful and extended that it is entitled to' special legis-
latioa? No, sir; but there is ground to fear, that,
for this reason, it sometimes obtains it.
The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr- Choate,]
in his exposition of the numberless merits of the
restrictive system, and his glowing praises of the
patiiotism of its advocates, said the act of 1816 had its
origin in those lofty motives and feelings which made
every man who loved his country stand taller and
feal prouder than before—the nation having come so
gloriously out of the war with Great Britain. It
sprang, (he said,') from an enlargsd spirit of nation-
ality. And did not Massachusetts feel any of this
pride and patriotism and enlarged spirit of nation-
ality in 1824' Was she animated by no lofty or
patriotic feeling until after that period1 Because
certain capitalists of Massachusetts have invested
capital in manufactures, this does not alter the truth.
Others certainly may be allowed to go against this
system without any imputations on their patriotism,
or enlarged spirit of nationality, for the same rea-
sons which influenced Massachusetts in 1824. If
the system was oppressive- then, to agriculture and
commerce, it is so now. If freedom from restric-
tion was beneficial then, to all interests, it is so now.
These changes of position show clearly the con-
flicts of interest, and that another interest has be-
come predominant.
A tariff, which some seem to consider so great a
blessing, is, after all, nothing but taxation. If high
duties are so desirable in themselves, and so bene-
ficial to the public at large, it must be on the ground
that the people can be taxed in such a manner as to
conduce to their positive good, and their advance-
ment in wealth and happiness, even if the money
should not be needed for the purposes of govern-
ment, or should be thrown in the ocean as soon as
collected. It is unsafe in a republican government
to raise up a class whose interest it is to go for ex-
travagant expenditures and high taxation. The
system tends, on the one hand, to raising more money
than is needed for an economical administration
of government and thus to wasteful expenditures,
or corrupting schemes of distribution; the effect of
both of which is to establish a psrpetual dram from
the earnings of labor into the pockets of capital; or,
on the other hand, if carried ont to general prohibi-
tion, it introduces the necessity for direct taxation.
The assertion has been repeatedly made by our
opponents, that, while England preaches free trade,
she never practises it. A.nd though some of the
most enlightened of her statesmen are found doing
homage to its principles, and are confessing that
the restrictive system is founded in error, the inge-
nious discovery has been made that this is only for
the purpose of deluding us. Is it to be supposed
that when English statesmen publicly express an
opinion, as the result of their investigation of the
general question of the restrictive policy, they
would do so unless convinced of its justice? Would
they hazard their character, and be willing to stultify
themselves, by solemnly expressing convictions
which they did not entertain, for the sake ol de-
ceiving other nations? Can any well-authenticated
instance of such a course be found? They ha.v e
characters to sustain as public men. Would not
such an imputation on any member of this Senate
be considered as the most extravagant that it evfr
entered into the brain of man to conceive' What
would be thought of one who should say of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that, in his
reasonings and expressions of opinion as to a pro-
tective tariff, he was only trying to deceive other
nations, and endeavoring to delude them into a sys-
tem which he believed would be injurious to them?
But it is asked why they do not practise more upon
these maxims, to the truth of which they are
obliged thus verbally to pay their homage. It is
much tlsat this several conviction is to £;ro\y<as,' therf.
