May, 1844,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
t,49
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
her organic law, when my motion to recognise the
independence of Texas was adopted. That motion
was in these words:
"Resolved, That the State of Texas, having estafri^ie^
and maintained an independent government, capable of per-
forming those duties, foreign and domestic, which apper-
tain to independent governments, and it appearing that
there is no longer any reasonable prospect of the success-
ful prosecution of the war by Mexico against said State, it
is expedient and proper, and in conformity with the laws of
nations, and the practice of this government in like cases,
that the independent political existence of said State be ac-
knowledged by the government of the United States."
This resolution was adopted on the 2d of March,
1837, being sustained by the vote of the senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] and the senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay.] As the author of the res-
olution, before it was adopted, I read to the Senate
the boundary of Texas, as described in her organic
law, claiming it also as the ancient boundary of
Louisiana; and, with the full knowledge of these
facts, the resolution was adopted. In our subse-
quent treaties, and those of Great Britain, France,
and Holland, she is described as "the republic of
Texas," and her independence fully recognised.
If, then, as contended by the senator from Mis-
souri, the mere name (the republic of Texas) in a
treaty adopts the boundaries described in her or-
ganic law, not only have we recognised the Del
Norte as the rightful boundary of Texas, but so
also have Great Britain, Prance, and Holland. But
the senator from Missouri denies that any portion
of Texas extends to the Del Norte, and he seems
to confine it to the Nueces on the one side and the
Red river on the other. Now, let us see how stand
the facts; and, in the first place, I quote from the
letter of the senator from Missouri, republished by
him in the Globe of the 4th May, 1844, in which
he says:
"Our title to the whole of Texas had bjeen previously
vindicated by Mr. Adams himself, who showed, from La
Harpe's Journal, and other early writings, that the French,
under whom we claimed, had established themselves under
I,a Salle, at the bay of St. Bernard, the oldest settlement in
the province, upwatds of thirty years before the Spaniards
crossed the Rio del Norte."
In the same letter, Mr. Benton, in describing the
loss occasioned by the new boundary of 1819,
says:
"The best and most numerous harbors on the continental
coast of the Gulf of Mexico, lie between the Sabine and the
mouth of the Rio del Norte, as a naval and commercial
power, owning the great rh er which carries the commerce
of an empire into the gulf, we had the greatest need for
these harbors. By the acquisition of .Louisiana, we obtain-
ed them; by the new boundary established on our south-
west frontier in 1819, we gave tnem away.
"Before the establishment of this boundary, all the coun-
try to the west of the lower Mississippi, quitt to the Rio del
Norte, was ours."
In his letter of the 30th April, 1844, Mr. Benton
says:
"Texas, as constituted by the treaty of 1819, is piotracted
far to the north, and interposed between Missouri and Mex-
ico. Its northeast corner is in latitude 38—the latitude al-
most of St. Louis; its northwest corner is in latitude 42—the
latitude of Capo Cod and Marbahead. All this northern half
of Texas, thus protracted to the latitude of St. Louis and of
Boston, and lying between Missouri and Mexico, is filled
with treacheious savages, and lawless white men, who
make the merchant and ms property their constant prey."
Yet, now, the senator from Missouri tells us that
Texas, old Spanish Texas, the Texas which he
should acquire, is a land of sun and flowers, with
the Red river and the Nueces as a boundary.
This would leave out then, and in the possession
of a foreign power, all the country north of the
Red river, and between Missouri and Santa Fe; it
would resurrender, for hundreds of miles, the north-
ern bank of Red river, and the southern bank of
the Arkansas, and redismember the valley of the
West; it would drive back the flag of our country
from the borders of the noble Del Norte, a river
worthy to be the boundary of empires, and which
once was rightfully our own. On looking at the
map of Texas, wc find it running for more than a
hundred miles along the 42d parallel of north lat-
itude, approaching and commanding the pass to
Oregon; yet this most important military position,
or rather the command of it, would be left in the
possession of a foreign power. It is more import-
ant to Oregon than Texas, although almost indis-
pensable to the security of both, to retain this posi-
tion; and 1 call upon the friends of Oregon never to
surrender it. I have proved by the letters of the
senator from Missouri, that the Del Norte was the
rightful boundary of Texas, and that the French
settlement under which we claim, preceded by
thirty years that of Spain on tins side of the Del
Norte, The memoir of the Topographical Bureau,
(accompanying the map,) and from which the sen-
ator read, states as follows;
"Before going into a particular account of Texas, it may-
be as well to state that the boundary of New Mexico is laid
down by Humboldt; and although the boundary of Texas,
as declared by an act of her Congress, intersects it, I have not
felt at liberty to custail its limits; but, starting from the
gulf, the Mexicans have no actual possession or fixed habi-
tation east of the Rio del Norte", until w e leach the moun-
tainous barriers at the pass."
"On the side of the United States, no natural boun-
dary is presented; but on the west and north, the Rio del
Norte, and the mountainous deterts which skirt it, make bold
and prominent territorial divisions!'"
"This grand and solitary river, without any important
tributaries to divide its honors south of the Puerco, with its
steril mountain barriers to the south and west, presents the
only strong natural boundaries between the United States
and Mexico."
"In connexion with the mountainous desert, it forms the
first class of military obstacles."
Now, in looking at the position of the Passo del
Norte, from which, to the mouth, as we are told,
there are no Mexican settlements, it is nearly a
thousand miles; yet all this is to be surrendered, al-
though Texian counties are organized upon it, en-
tirely west of the Nueces, and represented in the Con-
gress of the republic of Texas. The flag of Mexi-
co is to be brought back for nearly a thousand miles
this side of the del Norte; a "strong natural bounda-
ry" is to be surrendered; and a portion of the peo-
ple and of the Congress of the republic of Texas are
to be forced again under the dominion of the mili-
tary dictator, Santa Anna. And here I present to
the Senate the map of 1841, of Mr. Kennedy, an
Englishman, and now the British consul in Texas,
who is exerting himself so strenuously in favor of
England, and against annexation. In this map,
thus compiled by one-of our most bitter opponents,
the Del Norte, throughout its entire length, is laid
down as the true boundary of Texas. That Texas
may lawfully .claim to this extent, I cannot doubt;
but if, in settling the boundary with Mexico, any
portion of the territory of Texas should be surren-
dered, she cannot have even a plausible pretext for
any other claim than that of the valley of New Mex-
ico, as laid down upon the map, occupying a very
small and narrow territory, as actually settled, east
of the Del Norte, and west of the mountain, at the
foot of which is the city and valley of Santa Fe. If
this were agreed upon, the boundary of Texas
would then be the Del Norte, from its mouth to the
Passo, nearly a thousand miles; thence from the
• Passo north along the range of mountains which
formed the western boundary of New Mexico to its
northern boundary in about latitude 38°; thence
along that boundary west to the Del Norte; thence
along its bank to its source; and thence due north to
latitude 42°. If this were agreed upon, every Mexi-
can settlement would be excluded from the republic
of Texas, and nothing embraced which was not
clearly her own. In the map of the British consul
of Texas, before referred to, I call your attention to
the Texian surveys, marked from to 1 to 12, ex-
tending from latitude 32 to 37, running far north of
Red river, and approaching the very verge of New
Mexico, and throughout the whole region, Texas
has an indisputed possession, either by actual
white settlements, or by treaties with the Indian
tribes, in which the sovereignty of Texas is ac-
knowledged. The Senator from Missouri informs
us that, on hf^ visit a few weeks since to t ie West,
he heard a very general cry for the reannexation of
Texas; but the Senator says, that the term reannex-
ation is wholly inapplicable to the 2,000 miles along
the whole boundary of the Del Norte, which never
did constitute a portion of Texas. Let us examine
this question. The term reannexation implies the
getting back that which was once our own; and if
Texas was ours to the Del Norte, under the treaty
of 1803, and we reacquire it with those limits, it will
be a clear case of reannexation. I have shown that
the senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] in his
letters, republished and reaffirmed by him a few
weeks since, does make the Del Norte the bounda-
ry of Texas, and places its northwestern angle in
latitude 42. In his letter of the 17th of April, 1844,
as published in the National Intelligencer, Mr. Clay
says:
"The United States acquired a title to Texas extending,
as I believe, to the Rio del Norte, by the treaty of Louisi-
ana. The) ceded and relinquished that title to Spain by the
treaty of 1819, by which the Sabine was substituted fur the
Rio del Norte as our ivestern boundary.*'
The subject is thus treated in my letter of the 8th
January, 1844:
"Louisiana was acquired by a treaty with France, in 1803,
by Mr. Jefferson; and in the letter of Mr. Madison, the Sec-
retary <?f State, dated March 31,1S04, he says, expressing
his own views and those of Mr. Jefferson, thai" Louisiana
'extended westwardly to Rio Bravo, otherwise called Rio-
del Norte. Orders were accordingly obtained from- the
Spanish authorities for the delivery of all the posts oh the
west side of the Mississippi.' • And in his letter, of -the 31st
January, 1804, Mr. Madison declares,that Mr. Laussat, the
French commissioner who delivered the possession of Louisi-
iana to us, announced fhe 'Del Norte as its true boundary.*
Here, then, in the delivery of the possession ofLouisiana by-
Spain to France, and France to us, Texas is included. la
the letter of Mr. Madison of the 8th July, 1804, he declares
the opposition of Mr. Jefferson to the "relinquishment of any
territory whatever eastward of the Rio Bravo.' In the let-
ter of James Monroe, of the 8tfr November, 1803, he en-
closes documents which, he says, 'prove incontestable that
the boundary ofLouisiana is 'the Rio Bravo to the west:'
and Mr. Finckney unites with him in a similar declaration.
In a subsequent letter—not to a foreign government, but- to
Mr. Madison—of the 20th April, l80o, they assert our title as
unquestionable. In Mr. Monroe's letters, as Secretary of
State, dated January 19, 1816, and June 10, 1816, he says
none could question 'our title to Texas5' and he expresses
his concurrence in opinion with Jefferson and Madison,
'that our title to the Bel Norte was as clear as to the island
of New Orleans.5 In his letter, as Secretary of State, to
Don Onis, of the 12th March, 1818, John Quiney Adams
says: 'The claim of France always did extend westward to
the Rio Bravo;' 'she always claimed the territory which
you call Texas, as being within the limits, and forming a
part, ofLouisiana.' After demonstrating our title to Texas
in this letter, Mr. Adams says: 'Well might Messrs. Pinck-
ney and Monroe write to M. Cevallos, in 1805, that the
claim of the United States to the boundary of the Rio Bravo
was as clear a5 their right to the island of New Orleans.'
Again, in his letter of the 31st October, 1818, Mrr Adams
says our title to Texas is 'established beyond the power of
further controversy.' •>
"Here, then, by the discovery and occupation of Texas,
as a part of Louisiana, by Lasalle, for France, in 1685; by
the delivery of possession to us, in 1803, by Spain and
France; by the action of our government, from the date of
the treaty of acquisition to the date of the treaty of surren-
der (avowedly so on its face;) by the opinion of all our
Presidents and ministers connected in any way with the ac-
quisition, our title to Texas was undoubted."
"In the letter of instructions from Mr. Madison, as Secre-
tary of State, of the 29th of July, 1803,■ he says: /The ac-
quisition of the Floridas is still to be pursued.' He'adds, the
exchange of any part of western Louisiana, which Spain
may propose for 'the cession of the Floridas,' 'is inadmissi-
ble.' 'In intrinsic value there is no equality,' 'We are the
less disposed also to make sacrifices to obtain the Floridas;
because their position and the manifest course of events
gttaranty an early and reasonable acquisition of them.'' In Mr.
Madison's letter, also, as Secretary of State, of the 8th July,
1804, he announces the opposition of Mr. Jefferson 'to a per-
petual relinquishment of any territory whatever easward of
the Rio Bravo.' "
Here, then, we have the fact most clearly estab-
lished that Texas was ours to the Dei Norte;-and
consequently, if it is now reacquired from Texas, it
is a clear case of reannexation, and restoration of
our former boundary. Here I might rest the case;
but I am now prepared to show that, by the most
solemn treaty of limits with Texas, we have ac-
knowledged her boundary from a point where a line
drawn from the head of the Del Norte strikes the
42d parallel of north latitude, and thence by the pres-
ent boundary of the United States to the Sabine. In
order to understand this subject fully, it will be ne-
cessary first to recur to our treaty of limits with
Mexico of the 12th of January, 1828. The pream-
ble to that treaty recites the treaty of 1819 with
Spain, and declares that "the said treaty having
been sanctioned at a period when Mexico constituted
a part of the Spanish monarchy, it is deemed neces-
sary now to confirm the validity of the aforesaid
treaty of limits, regarding it as still in force and
binding between the United States of America and
the United Mexican States." Articles first and
second adopt and describe the boundary of the treaty
of 1819, as beginning at the mouth of the Sabine,
thence along its western bank to the 32d degree of
latitude north, thencc due north to the Red river, and
along its course west to longitude 100; thence
due north to the Arkansas; thence to its
source, and thence due north to latitude-42,
and along that parallel to the Pacific. On the
25th April, 1838, we concluded our # "conven-
tion with Texas of boundaries," as it is called in
the treaty. That treaty declares that "the treaty
of limits made and concluded on the 12th Jan-
uary, 1828, between the United States of Ame-
rica on the one part, and the United Mexican
States on the other, is binding upon the republic of
Texas, the same having been entered into at a time
when Texas formed a part of the said Mexican
States." Article 1 provides for the immediate mark-
ing of a portion of said line of boundary; and the
2d article stipulates, "that the remaining portion of
the said boundary line shall be run and marked at
such time hereafter as may suit the convenience of
both contracting; parties.'" Here, then, the whole
boundary ime of 1819, as then concluded with Spain,
and reaffirmed with Mexico in 1828, is, in a solema
treaty, ratified by Texas and this government; the
whole boundary now claimed by Texas up to the
