538
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mittee, on the subject of the tariff, was the first business in
order. To this resolution, Mr. Ingersoll, when it was be-
fore the House on a previous day, moved an amendment by
the addition of a provision to print 10,000 extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Foreign Relations, respecting
the Armistad schooner case.
Mr. WHITE moved the previous question.
Mr. WELLER moved to lay the whole subject on th©
tabfe.
Mr. BELSER desired a division of the question when the
House came to vote on the resolution.
The division was not then m order.
Mr. WHITE asked for the yeas and nays on the motion to
lay on the table, which were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted thus: yeas 86, nays 62.
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Benton, James
Black, Blaekwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob Brinker-
hoff, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Catlin,
Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Cobb, Cnllom,
Dana, Daniel, Richard* D. Davis, John W. Davis, Dilling-
ham, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee. Ficklin,
Byram Green, Hale, Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Hoge,
Hopkins, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Cave John-
son, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King,
Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lyon, McCauslen,
Macfay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Murphy, Norris, Payne, Emery D. Potter, Pratt,
Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relte, Ritter, Roberts,
Robinson, Russell, St. John, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, Stiles,
Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton,
Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnaid, Belser, Bidlack, Brengle, Bxodhead, Milton Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Buftingtorx, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman,
Collamer, Cranston, Darrah, Garrett Davis, Deberry,
Dellet, Dickey, Ellis, Foot, French, Giddings, Willis Green,
Gridcr, Hardin, Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Chaxles
J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, Mcllvalne, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse,
Moseley, Patterson, Elisha R. Potter, Ramsey, Rockwell,
Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Albert Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Andrew Stewart, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vinton, White, Winthrop, and William Wright—62.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
A message was received from the Senate, accompanied
by various bills which had been passed by that body.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. ADAMS, by leave of the House, presented a series of
resolutions of the legislature of Massachusetts against the
annexation of Texas.
Mr. BRODIIEAD asked for the reading of the resolu-
tions.
The Clerk read them accoidingly.
Mr. ADAMS then moved that the resolutions be laid on
the table, and be punted.
Mr. C. J. INGKRSOLI, asked if it would be in order to
amend the motion by moving its reference to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER said it would not be in oidei, the mo
flon to lay on the table having preference over all others
The question was then taken on laying on the table and
printing, and decided in the affirmative.
COLT'S SUBMARINE BATTERY.
Mr. McKAY ottered the following lesolution, which, by
general consent, was considered and -xgreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretaries of War and Navy be re-
quested to communicate to this House the fact, whether the
combustible agent used by Mr. Colt was a secret beiine he
made the same known at the seat of government; and
whether the mode of its application to harbor defence be
new, and if new, what objections there are against its adop-
tion, if objections do exist
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Mr. C JOHNSON hoped it would he the pleasure of the
House to dispose of the documents on the Speaker's table,
ol which he understood there were several
The SPEAKER then communicated the following:
A letter hom the Secretary ol War, transmitting a report
in relation to experiments made by officers under the direc-
tion of the department, loi the puipose of testing the
strength and utility of cannon manulactured from wiought
iron; which letter and report weie releired to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affair*.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting a report
in relation to the importance of a harbor at Manitow oe, in
Wisconsin, which letter and report were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
NAVY-YARD AT MEMPHIS.
The bill liom the Senate to establish a navy-jaid and
depot at or near the city of Memphis, on the Mississippi
river in the State ol Tennessee, was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state ol the
Union.
IOWA LEGISLATURE.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill giving the
assent of Congress to the holding an extra session of the
legislature of iowa were read, and on motion of Mr. Cobb,
referred to the Committee on Territories.
The amendments of thej Senate to the joint resolution
respecting the application ol certain appropriations hereto-
fore made, were read, and concurred in.
The bill from the Senate to repeal the act entitled "An act
directing the survey of the northern line of the reservations
for the half breeds of the Sac and Fox tribes of Indians,
provided for m the, treaty of 3d August, 1S3V approved
March 3d, 1843, was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion by Mr. RAMSEY.
The Committee of the Whole was discharged from the
further consideration of the joint resolution for the relief
of William P. Zantzinger, and the same was taken up in the
House, the question being on its engrossment.
[The resolution directs the accounting officers of the
treasury to audit and settle the accounts of Mr. Zaiitzmger
on principles* of justice and equity.1
After a discussion, in which Messrs. STEENROD, RAM-
SEY, SMITH of Indiana, CAVE JOHNSON, HALE, PAR
MENTER, WHITE, and BRENGLE, took part.
Mr. WELLER moved the previous question, which being
seconded, and the main question ordered,
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, but they were
not ordered.
The main question, being on the engrossment of the reso-
lution, was taken, and resulted in its being decided in the
affirmative.
The resolution being read the third time, and the question
being on its passage,
Mr. P. KING moved to lay it on the table. Rejected.
Mr. PARMENTER, after some remarks in opposrtion to
the resolution, moved to postpone its further consideration
to this day week. Rejected.
Mr. WELLER moved the previous question on the pas-
sage of the resolution; which being seconded, and the
main question ordered,
Mr. PARMENTER called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and being taken, resulted m yeas 102, nays
70.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COBB moved a reconsideration of that vote, and orx
that he called for the previous question.
Mr. HALE moved a postponement of the consideration of
that motion until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER decided that motion to be out of order.
Mr. HALE then demanded the yeas and nays on it.
The SPEAKER put the question on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; and 60 voted in the affirma-
tive, and 38 in the negative—no quorum voting.
Mr. WELLER called for tellers, and they were ordered;
and Messrs. Whitk and Bup.kj. were appointed, and they
reported 73 in the affirmative, and 46 in the negative.
So there was a second.
The main question was also ordered to be put; and on
agreeing to the resolution, the yeas and nays were ordered,
and resulted thus—yeas 72, nays 95.
So the motion to reconsider was negatived.
Mi. MURPHY, with unanimous consent, introduced a res-
olution, and it was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a post
route from Brooklyn to Gravesend, in the State of New
York.
On motion of Mr. COBB, the vote taken on the bill giving
permission to the legislature of Iowa to hold an extra ses-
sion was reconsidered.
The amendment^ of the Senate were then concurred m,
arid the bill was passed
THE WESTERN WATERS.
Mr. DUNCAN called up his motion to reconsider the final
vota yosterdd} on the bill making appronruUioiis for the im-
provement ol ceitaiu harbois and livers, and, after a few
explanatory observations, he moved the previous question
on that motion
The previous question being seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered,
J\lr. BELSER called for the yeas, and rwys; which were
ordered, and
The mam question on the reconsideration was taken, re-
sulting in—yeas 1211, nays 40, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashe. Baker, Barnard,
Benton, Bidlack, James Black, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob
Brinkerhoff, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buftington,
Jeremiah E. Cary. Carroll, Catlin, Chilton, Clinch,
Cranston, Cross, Dana, Dan ah, Gai reft Davis, Richard D.
Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Douglass, Duncan, Dun-
lap, Ellis, Elmer, Karke, Ficklm, Hsh, Florence, Foot,
I'oster, French, Giddings, Willis Green, Byram Green,
Grmnell, Grider. Hardin, Harper, Hemck, Hoge, Hubbell,
Hudson, Hughes, Ilungerlord, Washington Hunt, James
B. Hunt. C. J. Ingersoll, Irvm, Jameson, Jenks, Perley
B Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P.
King, Kirkpatrick. Labrancho, Leonard, Lv on, McCaualen,
McClclland, McClernand, McDowell, M'cilvame, Maish,
Mathews, Edwaid J Morris, Joseph Morns, Morse, Mose-
ley, Owen, Patterson, Peyton, Phoenix, Elisha R Potter,
Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Prestou, Purdj, Ramsey, Rath-
bun. Charles M. Reed, Relfe, Ritter. Robinson, Rockwell,
Rodney, Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenck, Senter,
Severance, David L. Seymour, Slidell, Albert Smith,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robeit
Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Stone, Strong,
Summers, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Van-
meter, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, Wetherod, Wheaton,
White, Wmthrop, William Wright, and Yost—129.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson. Barrmger, Belser, Blackwell,
Burke, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Cobb^
Coles. Cnllom, Daniel, Johu W. Davis, Dillingham)
Dromgoole, Ilale, Haralson, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, Cave Johnson, Lewis, Lucas, Mac lay, McCon-
nell, McKay, Newton, Norris, Parmenter, Payne, David
S. Reid, Reding, Thomas H Seymour, Spence, John Stew-
art, Taylor, Thompson, Williams, and Woodward—40.
The question then recurred on the engrossment of the bill,
when '
Mr. DUNCAN moved to strike out the appropriation for
the Illinois river, and demanded the previous question.
After some conversation on a point of order,
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the reading of the bill.
After which the question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question, ai1^ lejected—ayes 61, noes 70.
Mr. J. THOMPSON then ottered the following as an
amendment to the amendment:
Resolved, That the bill be recommitted to the Committee
on Commerce, with instructions that they report separate
bills, one ior western rivers, and another lor lake har-
bors.
The CHAIR said that the amendment was not in order
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio being to strike
out.
Mr J. THOMPSON said he desired to make an amend-
ment to the bill. He understood that the gentleman from
Ohio had moved to strike out the word Illinois, and if he
uudeMood the Chair, no amendment to this amendment was
in order. He wished to call the attention of the Chair to the
fact that this bill was one entire section; and therefore, if he
moved anything pertaining to it, he should suppose that it
was in order. He wished now to understand from the Chair
whether he could not perfect this clause in some way.
Mr. THOMPSON then submitted his amendment to the
amendment to strike out the Ohio river above the falls at
Louisville.
The SPEAKER decided it to be out of order.
Mr. THOMPSON then moved to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Commerce, with instructions to report two
separate bills, one for the improvement of the western riv-
ers, and the other for the improvement of western lakes.
This he found to be the best way to accomplish his pur-
pose.
An exciting conversation ensued, in which Mr. THOMP-
SON, Mr. REID of Pennsylvania, Mr. TIBBATTS, Mr.
McCLERNAND, Mr. STEENROD, Mr. WENTWORTH,
Mr. HARDIN, Mr. WHITE, and others participated.
Mr. WHITE then spoke at some length against the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Mississippi, as the proposition
of an enemy of the bill, which would send it to the tomb of
the Capulets.
Mr. WENTWORTH was heartily rejoiced at the recon-
sideration of this bill, and he hoped—he was confident—it
would pass in some shape. Like all bills, it could not be
expected that it would satisfy everyone in all its details.
For one, lie represented a city interested in the commerce
of all the great streams ol this country; and, indeed, he
might say ol the whole world. Whatever benefited the
commerce of this country, benefited his constituents, di-
rectly or remotely. But he was for limiting all appropria-
tions within constitutional and economical limits. His con
stituents were interested irr the improvement of the Mis-
sissippi and the Ohio, and the great lakes. But they were
interested in the improvement of the Illinois more than in
either the Mississippi or the Ohio, because the commerce of-
bolh came through that stream; and he believed an improve
ment for that as proper, as imperative, as constitutional, as
that of the upper Ohio, the Arkansas, or the Missouri. But,
if his favorite stream was stricken out. he would not, outof
spite, vote against the whole bill, nor let rt pass without
giving any vote, much as he should resist such an effort.
He would vote for the bill, modify it as the House might.
The great objection to the bilfis on the score of economy.
Is this the real state of the case? Where are the retrench-
ment men? Mostly among the friends of this bill, or that
portion residing in the West. He had voted for every prop-
osition of retrenchment and reform thathad come up during
this session. Enough had been saved by retienching our
army and navy to exceed the amount oftwo such bills as this.
He called himself a retrenchment man in every shape the
subject could come up. This measure was a retrenchment
measure, and, as such alone, was worthy of support. Pass
this bill, and it not only saves government pioperty, but in-
dividual pioperty by the hundreds of millions/ and human
lives Lj the thousands By various accidents on our lakes
and rivers, more lives have been lost than in the revolu-
tionary war, the last war, and our Indian wars, all put to-
gether, and, within the last ten years, moie American
property had been lost on our internal lakes and rivers than
on the great oceans. He had statistics to prove all this, but
would not now tiouble the House to read them.
At a former portion of the session, our Mississippi friends
described the awtul losses of life and property on that noble
stream; and all they said was just and true. He knew it to
be so. His ow n constituents had lost their property and
their live*! there, and some since he had come here. He
was for the Mississippi under all circumstances—for pulling
out its snags, and improving the Des Moines and Rock
Island rapids.
The proposition now is to divide the lakes and rivers.
And why? Let the House see where the proposition came
from, and then look back to the votes of his lnghl) esteemed
friend on j esterdav. Timeo Danaos ct dona Jet tntfs. He
disliked these piofters from the enemy. Once get these two
great interests antagonist to each other, and our opponents
have accomplished theii object. They will stir up a quar-
rel, wish us both well, be our very particular friends, and
then latieh in their sleeves to see us destroy each other
This is the snare set for us, and he hoped the Inends of the
measure would keep out of it. He thought it best for both
interests to stick together, and combine against the com-
mon enemv.
Now lor the lakes, over which $100,000,000 of products
and merchandise weie transported last year, with 5,200 miles
of coast, 2,000 of which was a foreign coast. On Lake
Michigan, with her $10,000,000 of commerce last year, there
is not a single harbor completed—no, not one. And more
than this: go from Chicago round the straits of Macinac,
Saginaw bay, Lake Huron. St. Clair, and St. Clair river, to
Detroit, and you cannot find a single port in a storm. When
you are on the ocean, j ou can seek safety bj keeping from,
the land; but not so on the lakes. There go east, west,
north, or south, in one of those tremendous and destructive
gales natural to that section, and you are in danger of being
wrecked. Why, sir, the work of destruction and death has
already commenced there.
He thought he had the paper containing the facts relative
to a single storm. But he had left them at his room. How-
ever, materially they were as follows: A fleet of some dozen
vessels left Chicago in the morning, and before night all
were scattered on the shore in various directions." Hats,
coats, fragments of vessels, and dead bodies strewed the
shore. On one or two vessels the loss vas partial; but, on
the most, total, though some had never been heard from,
and probably never would be. On one, every soul aboard
was lost; and, from all he could learn, in this single gale of
one day, £100,000 of property, and fifty persons, had gone
to destruction.
Their cargoes consisted of western giain and breadstuff's
bound for New York city;and also sugar and molassesthat
have this year, perhaps, come up from New Orleans,
through the great Mississippi and the Illinois, and were
bound for Michigan, there to be exchanged for lumber, to
go back in payment, perhaps, of the original cargo itself at
New Orleans. Such is now the extent of the Chicago trade.
And this loss was mostly sustained by his own constitu-
nts; and yet gentlemen wonder at our zeal and enthu-
siasm. Sir, we are pleading for our property and our lives;
