*S2
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSiONAL GLOB&
May, 1844.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Walker.
Senate.
eight days, and retreating more rapidly than they
ad vanced. Since that period there has been no hos-
tile expedition of any kind marched into Tex^sjand
there is no war at this period. The general terms
used in despatches and messages.speak not of an ac-
tual war, not of a contest prosecuted by force, but
of the threats, and menaces, and paper bulletins,
which have been dignified by the name of a war. I
reassert the fact, that with the exception of the three
marauding expeditions in 1842, there has been no
actual war between Texas and Mexico, since the
hnttle of San Jacinto; and I call upon any senator to
point out when ,or where this war existed. There
are numerous histories of Texas, both English and
American. There are the files here of Niles's Re-
gister, with a good index, and many other newspa-
pers, recording all such events; and I demand, if this
war exists, that the facts shall be designated. When
or where was this war conducted? who were the
commanders? where are the armies, or battles, or
marches, or sieges? Show us the actual facts, and
not mere inferences, in opposition to the truth of
history. And here let me quote an anti-annexation
authority—the despatch of Daniel Webster as Sec-
retary of State of the 8th .Tuly, 1842:
"From the time of the battle of San Jacinto, in April, 1836,
to the present moment, Texas has exhibited the same exter-
nal s]j;ns of national independence as Mexico herself, and
v.ih *qu<w os much stability of government. Practically
five an i independent, acknowledged as a political sove-
reignty !•} the principal powers of the world, no hostile foot
ft loiijg rest withm her territory/or sire or sei e< years, and
Mexico hewli refrainin<jf/o  alt thatperio'd from any further
attempt to re-eshmlhh her own authority over that terri-
tory ' "The battle of San Jacmto, fought on the 21st April,
1^53, achieved their independence. The war urns from that
time at on e:'<i " '"Since 1837, the United States have regard-
ed Texas a* ^n independent so\ ereignty as much as Mexico."
' lie (Mr. 1>oranea.ro) spealcs of Texas as still being 'an inte
ten! pait of the Mexican republic;' hut he cannot but under-
m.,,i!-! that the I'mtcd States do not so i csard it." '-The eon-
sn ution, public treaties, arid the laws oblige the President
t>i i e^ard 'i e\as as an independent State, and its territory as
■; 1 , <-r! of the territory of MeO'icu/'1
Confirmatory, if indeed it required confirmation of
tl, se explicit declarations of Mr. Webster, is the
j. j'twin" statement of Mr. Van Zandt, the present
'j rvmi chargo, of the 18th May, 1844:
"\,ithth" exception of three mniauding expeditions for
th ■ j i;rpo- > oi h.n jwng ami pillos^mg the weak end it-o-
i ' ] s"ithmeni •< on our u estern border, neither oi which
v • cble to maintain its position withm the settlements
lu -cor that ejLMit do} s, and all of which occurred in 1642,
thtr^has V<Cii no wai waged by Mexico agdiixt Tex<is
and there i-. now, and has been for a long time past, uninter-
rupted peace "
hV.tm the despatch of Mr. Thompson, our minis-
ter to Mexico, dated February 2, 1844, he says:
"It (the negotiation) was only a device on the part ol Santa
/ira:! to relieve him irom the djflicult\ in which he had m-
% ol\ .1 hnn- elf, ],v his threats and promises of reconquering
Tews, which he knows perfectly well is impossible. There
iiiaj 1 e other marauding ioraj s, l.Ke that of General Woll,
n tic it i ng ir.ei.* Tt^nidl) iiian they advanced. But as to any
re i,a!"!i uid U'vi6on'i[)lv sufficient force invading the country,
tue t!.>'"j. is ,M)>0'.aiMe. and will not he attempted. Ihey
c.inn'/i t>im'tyip'h'v to support such an army two months/'
Hwch is i lie last, official information we have from
?,i<xicn oil this subject. There is no war, and
there will be none, unless invited by the speeches
that are mode on this floor. When Mexico is thus
mfoimed by honorable senators that there is war
between !■. v and Texas, and that by this treaty we
ore making unjust and unconstitutional war upon
Mexico, «he may be excited to attempt another
predatory incursion into Texas, ^11 order to main-
tain the semblance of a conflict, and sustain the
posit!.--}) of her friends in and out of this cham-
ber; but if these disasters should occur, all will
be able ;o trace them to their true cause. I consider,
Mr. President, the ground assumed in opposition
m This tr-wy, as in their effects and consequences,
;m) oom imitation to Mexico to renew a conflict
winch has Ions: since termmnted, and to England to
join her in the struggle, more especially when con-
nected with that portion of the remarks of the hon-
orable senator, m which he denounced the cor-
jespondence of the Secretary of State as a flagrant
msuiU to Great Britain. If these grounds shall be
^ustoihed by the people, Texas will never be an-
nexed to the Union. Although there is no actual war
between Texas and Mexico, and nothing but a
marauding incursion for more than eight years, and
no hoMile expedition of any kind since 1842, and
profound peace at this period: yet we are told that
this is war; not that there is any actual conflict; not
that there is an army, large or small, invading or pre-
pared to invade the territory of Texas; but that
Mexico avows a purpose to conquer Texas at some
future period. An avowed purpose to make a war,
without any actual conflict, or any means prepared
to conduct it, is declared to be conclusive against
the ratification of the treaty. If this be so, this
state of things may be perpetual. I consider the
grounds assumed m opposition to this treaty as
utterly unfounded in fact; and as derogatory to the
dignity, and dangerous to the peace and safety, of
the American people. I consider tliem deeply in-
jurious to our vital interests at this moment, and of
most evil example in .all time to come. I consider
them as groundless objections, operating' only for
the benefit of foreign powers, and especially of
England and Mexico; and as abandoning the rights
and interests of our own country. I consider them
as stripping this nation of many of the vital at-
tributes of sovereign power, inflicting upon her
fearful injuries at this period, and, if adopted as
precedents, subjecting us, in all time to come, to
great sacrifices and imminent perils. Itistotake
up the exploded doctrine of a paper blockade, so
long and arrogantly maintained by England, and
apply it in a manner still more injurious to our in-
terests, to paper conflicts upon the land. The doc-
trine of England was, that a paper blockade an-
nounced by a British order in council, was decisive
against the rights of neutral powers. And now,
the doctrine is, that a war upon paper, existing only
in threats and proclamations, is equivalent to an ac-
tual contest, in its effects and consequences upon a
neutral power. Here, in my place, Mr, President,
I feel called upon to denounce the doctrine, as an
interpolation into the law of nations, as affecting in-
juriously *our national rights and independence, as
sacrificing the superior rights of peace, to the un-
just claims of a simulated war, and as giving to pre-
tended belligerents rights founded only upon actual
conflict. The iron rules of war, the stern rights of
belligerents, are already sufficiently destiucti\e of
the interests of neutial powers. But to enlarge the
domain of war, by giving all the rights of a belli-
gerent, where there is no actual conflict on the
ocean or the land; where there is, and has been for
years, nothing but threats unexecuted, and prom-
ises of conquest or invasion unfulfilled, is to exalt
the rights of war, above the rights of peace, and to
sacrifice the interests of all the other nations to bel-
ligerent claims, whore in fact, there us no belligerent.
To <>ive to a nation which is not at war, the right of a
belligerent, is to enlarge the causes of war, and
thereby to render them much more frequent.
The treaty, then, neither makes nor adopts a war,
nor docs it give just cause of war. That, war may
be proclaimed by Mexico against us, if the treaty is
ratified, is a possible event. But has it come to
this, that the treaty power is expunged from the
constitution, or can never be exercised, because, if
we ratify a treaty, however just, or expedient, or
necessary, we may he threatened with war, or it
may follow as a consequence? If so, the most pow-
eiful or the most insignificant nation has only to
threaten us with a war, as a consequence of the rat-
ification ofa treaty, and the treaty-making power
expires, or must not be exercised; and the same con-
sequences would flow from this doctrine, if we were
threatened with war os the result of a refusal to rat-
ify a treaty, and would compel us to sanction it by
our votes. The moral right, and the constitutional
power of the Senate to ratify or reject a treaty, does
not depend upon the fact, whether a war may or may
not follow directly as a consequence. We all
know that neither the President, nor the Senate, nor
both combined, can declarc war. Nor is it in the
power of logic or metaphysics to make it appear
that the ratification of this treaty is a declaration of
war. It is true that, as a consequence of this act,
Mexico may declare war against us; but even then,
there would be no war on our part, until it was de-
clared by Congress. But it is said that the Presi-
dent has declared war in advance. Now the Presi-
dent has communicated to us all the orders that
have been issued on this subject. The Secretary of
War, in his orders, through the adjutant general,
under date of 27ih April, 1S44, says:
"Should such danger (of invjMun) be found to exist, and
appear to bo imminent, \ ou wiil collect and march the forces
above indicated to the Sabine river, but not pi oceed beyond
the frontier without further instructions/5
There can be no war, therefore, and no conflict,
unless the Mexican army, having first conquered
Texas, should then cross the Sabine and attack our
troops within our own territory—an event deemed so
utterly impossible, that no instructions are given to
meet such a contingency. The order of the Secre-
tary of the IStn y of the 15th April, 1844, declares:
"If you observe any preparations for s.uch an invasion,
you will, without delay, communicate the information to
this department tkat the President may submit the same to
Congress."
The President, in his message of the 15th May,
1844, whilst he gives it as hi3 opinion that an in-
vasion of Texas, pending the deliberations upon the
treaty, would furnish a just cause for the resistance
of such an invasion on our- part, yet this is ari opin-
ion only, not to be carried into execution without
the direction of Congress; and he expressly declares
that all he has done, or will do, is only to obtain in-
formation
"Of any inclinations of a hostile design upon Texas on the
part of any nation, pending the deliberations of the Senate
upon the treaty, with a view that the same should be
promply submitted to Congress for its mature deliberation "
There is, then, and will be, no war on our part,
unless it should be declared by Congress. But it is
said Mexico will declare war against us if we ratify
the treaty. Surely she would not do so on account
of the boundaries of Texas, for these are not speci-
fied in the treaty, and Mexico is expressly inform-
ed that the boundary is left an open question, to be
settled by negotiation with her, on terms the most
liberal and satisfactory. But will she make war
upon us because war is now raging between her and
Texas? I have shown there is no such war, and
therefore she must actually commence hostilities
where none now exist. Will she, then, make war
upon us because Texas is her territory? Then she
must be the government de facto or de jure of Tex-
as. That she is not the government de facto is con-
ceded; and 1 have shown that she is not the govern-
ment dejure. Does any senator believe that Mexi-
co is the government de jure of Texas? If so, I de-
sire to know the fact, and -pause for a reply. No re-
ply is given; and therefore I conclude that no sena-
tor believes that Mexico is the government de jure
of Texas; and if she be, as is clearly the case, nei-
ther the government de jure nor de facto, she has no
right to complain of the cession of that country to
the United States; and if she declared war against
us on that account, it would be a most unjust and
unrighteous aggression. Of all the remarkable
events that have attended the opposition to this
treaty, is the extraordinary effort made to get up a
war panic, and alarm the selfish or the timid into an
abandonment of this great measure. -
From the remarks made upon this floor, I should
imagine that some gentlemen supposed that the
Mexicans were already upon us; that we beheld the
march of their armies, and heard the sound of their
bugles, and that Santa Anna was advancing, as he
threatened in 1836, upon this Capitol, "to lay it ruins
and tear the laurels from General Jackson's brow."
And we seem to be in the very smoke of the con-
flict, and amid the clash of arms. Why, Mr. Pres-
ident, this panic will utterly fail to accomplish its
object. The American people, neither see nor expect
to see any war. And if Mexico should make war
upon us, it would be a subject that would excite
nothing but pity and derision, not only among the
men, but even among the women and children. Mr.
President, however much it may have been the habit
of late years to see panics got up to order, yet there
is no material for one on the present occasion, and
the effurt will be wholly unavailing. There is no
war, and there will be none, nor will there be even
a war panic, beyond the walls of the Senate cham-
ber.
But even if there were actual war between Texas
and Mexico, especially when all reasonable hope of
conquest was past, I deny that there is any rule in
the law of nations which prevents a cession by one
of the belligerents to a neutral. And first, as cases
in point, I cite the instances of the efforts to pur-
chase Texas from Mexico, made by the administra-
tion of Messrs. Adams and Clay, on the 26th March,
1825, and on the 15th March, 1827, and by the ad-
ministration of Jackson and Van Buren, on'the 25th
August, 1829.
With these dates before us, let us now examine
the facts. In 1821, Mexico, a revolted province of
Spain, first declared her independence. In 1822, steps
were taken by us towards recognition, by sending
an agent to examine into the condition of her af-
fairs; and in 1823, we recognised her independence.
On the 1st April, 1825, Mr. Poinsett, our first minis-
ter to Mexico, started from Washington, bearing
with him the first-mentioned despatch, (proposing to
purchase Texas from Mexico,) of the 26th March,
1825. On the 9th of March, 1822, the Spanish
minister filed with our government his solemn pro-
test against any recognition, by us, of the independ-
ence of Mexico, avowing the determination of Spain
to reconquer what he was pleased to call that insur-
