CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
50#
we are asking for our government to do for us what
safeisb'oun^-to do by every reasonable consideration; and
yet there stall be nothing unconstitutional in it—nothing
repugnant to the principles of our republican forefathers, or
of our republican presidents Gen Jackson, Mr Van Buren,
and Mr. Tyler, have signfed bills for appropriations of this
sort; and he believed they all approved of such works. He
feared no taunts [from any one about extravagance. His
votes would speak his principles on this subject. His mot-
to was; "be just and fear not." Every proposition in this
bill, having claims in justice, he was for adhering to.
On the lakes, fpom Chicago to Buffalo, and from Buffalo to
Lake Champlam, he could speak from a knowledge of all
the points. He had been at them all, and they were de-
manded for the protection of oui commerce. All were old
works save one—that at Sandusky—and he considered that
appropriation demanded by military as well as com-
mercial considerations.
Look at the great and growing commerce of those lakes!
Behold the canals and railroads being built to their towns !
And then, sir, count the extent of these lakes, the commerce
of which we wish to protect. Lake Erie is 26o by 63 miles;
Lake St. Clair 30 by 28, Lake Huron -<>40 by 2^0, Saginaw
Bay 60 by 30, Lake Michigan 330 by 70. At many places
the harbors are now going to decay, and appropriations are
asked merely to save them.
The United States mail is carried across the lakes by
fovernment contract from Buffalo to Detroit, and also from
t. Joseph to Chicago. In the latter case he had known
the people to be without mails for a whole week in conse-
quence of the inability of the mail-boat to leave or make a
narbor, such was the impending danger from the beach and
sandbars. And, m the former, more or less delay from poor
harbors is frequent.
Sir, (said he,) on the whole, it is better that all the sailors
in the lost vessels should have been lost, than that they
fchould have lived in a w ounded, sick, or destitute condition,
as things now are. The sailors have been paying twenty
cents each month out of their hard-earned wages as hospital
money, and yet there is not a hospital on the upper lakes-
no, not one. It Has been said that the West is putting its
hands into the government's pocket too deep. Mr. W.
thought government had been putting its hands too deep
into the poor sailors' pocket. It had got money from them
which had never been paid back. Worse than this, after :
getting their money, it left them to the charity of the
■world, to die in destitution and suffering, sometimes in poor-
houses, and sometimes in the streets. There is now the
sum of $.5,000 in the national treasury belonging to the hos-
pital fund, and vet sailors prefer sinking with their vessel to
running the risk of protection on shore, it left with serious-
ly injured limbs or constitution. When will that money be
paid back to them? They may never need it more than
now. On Lake Michigan, not the first sailor has had relief
fiom the hospital fund, and yet its sailors have contributed
largely to it.
Mr. W. continued: this government builds and mans forts
to protect our lake commerce in time of war. But these
forts amount to but veiy little, unless we have haiboib,
since a single hour's gale might wreck a whole fleet of war
vessels; and thus do us all the fatal damage we could expect
from our worst enemy. Government is now keeping up a
fort at Macinac, to be ready, he supposed, for war. That
fort had been taken by the enemy in every v. ar thus iar; and
such might be the case again, though he thought not. But
the best defence the commerce of tile lakes could have was
good harbors. They were capable of protecting m peace
against that most dreadful and instantaneous war. the war of
the elements; and in a war of men, they 'would furnish
places to build new and repan old vessels, which the chiv-
alrous sons of the West would never allow taken His con-
stituents preferred liarbois over forts, cannon, or soldiers.
As a friend to the lakes, and a triend to the rivers, he was
willing to modify the bill in any reasonable manner; but he
feared a division. He still would adheie to the old motto—
"united we stand, divided we fall "
One word to his demociatic friends, and he had done.
Jackson was considered a good democrat, and so was Van
Buren. Their faith he had never heard disputed. They
signed appropriations for all such works; and thcyweie
considered national and not local. And it is no use ioi per-
sons to pretend to be more democratic than they were.
The course marked out by sundry gentlemen here he con-
sidered ruinous in the highest ctegree. He well remem*
bercd when the appropriation bill failed under a former ad-
ministration at the session of 1838 and '38; and he never
wished to see such an excitement again. It seemed a ru-
inous blow aimed directl) at the whole western commerce.
And when the property of the government was put up lor
bale—the dredging machine and other utensils—as a party
man. he blushed and hung his head. His opponents cried
' luin" in eveiy direction, and predicted that that was but
the commencement oi his part} 's ruinous measures.
Though it was asectional and not a party measure, yet it
was, indeed, a "ruinous'' one. Some of these works have
been commenced again, and the first appropriations have
been nearly exhausted in getting the necessary machinery,
the rock, and the timber, and w e now w ant another appro-
priation to go on with the work. And shall we nut have it
at this very session of Congress, and thus defeat the "ruin-
ous"' predictions of our opponents? Stop the works now,
on the eve of another election, again sell out the machmerj.
and, with lenewed foice, you put not only the cry of "ruin''
in their mouths, but jeopard our whole commerce, and
expose us to the full sweep of those pitiless tempests which
have, so oltenstrewed our shores with wrecks of vessels
and lifeless bodies. Let us pass this bill now. and, by a
strong vote, put an end to such ruinous pi edictions and so
avert such ruinous realities.
Mr. HARDIN made a Jew remarks deprecating the
proposition for excluding the Illinois river; and contended
that there was no principle sanctioning the other appropria-
tions in the bill, which did not sanction the appropriation for
the Illinois. He was as little disposed as any gentleman to
enter into an extravagant system of internal improvements
that would bankrupt the treasury, but he would make reas-
onable appropriations for the improvement of our rivers, ior
the protection of commerce, and in doing so, ho would act
impartially, and not exclude one object equally as deserving
as the others.
Mr. H. referred to several appropriations made during the
administrations of General Jackson and Mr. Van Buren,
which (he said) were for objects as much local as the Illi-
nois iiver; and instanced the appropriations for Cape Fear
river, the Hudson river, and the Dismal Swamp Canal. All
these objects, he contended, were not more constitutional
than the Illinois river, and he hoped that the rule which
sanctioned appropriations for these, would be applied to the
Illinois.
Mr. BELSER assured the Chair that, in the present dis-
position of the House to take the question, he would not de-
tain them as long as he wished; but should reserve to him-
self the privilege of writing out his remarks in full; for he
viewed this as one of the most important questions that
could come before Congress at the present session. It was
neither more nor less than the question whether the old ex-
ploded system of internal improvements was to be revived
by a democratic Congress; and if it was, the gentleman fiom
Massachusetts m his eye [Mr Adams] would have good
reason to rejoice at the restoration of his punciples by the
party which had defeated him. He was for doing justice to
eveiy politician, and to every section of the country; and
was not so intolerant as to deny to any man whatever bene-
fit or good might result from his acts. He was therefore for
giving to the gentleman from Massachusetts all the benefit
that might result from the revival of his system.
He differed from the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Holmes,] in his views m regard to the power of this gov-
ernment to make appropriations for the Ohio and Mississippi
riveis, and if this bill passed, it would be on the foundation
laid by that gentleman He noticed the dexterity with
which the gentleman from Indiana laid hold of the speech of
the gentleman.
Mr. HOLMES begged the gentleman to yield the floor,
which was done. Mr. H. then defied the gentleman to meet
his argument^ directly. For this purpose, Mr. H. re-
stated his argument thus: The United States have no right
to improve a river which is confined in a State, because the
proprietary right and jurisdiction are in the State, and not
in the United States; that the United States had a right of
way, a usufruct m the Illinois river, but had no right of
soil or proprietary right; and therefore could not make
improvement; but that the proprietaiy right and the
usulruct of the United States were complete over
the -Mississippi ; and therefore, if the United States
could not-improve that river, it could not be im-
proved at all; and a great highway might be stop-
ped up by an accumulation of sand oi snags, and the
commerce of the West be destroyed. This led to an ab-
surdity. Now, (said Mr. H ,) my position is fully and clearly
stated, and I defy the gentleman to get over it.
Mr. HARDIN asked the gentleman fiom Alabama, [Mr.
Belskr,] before he resumed his remarks, to allow him to set
the gentleman from South Carolina right on a matter of fact.
The proprietary l lght over the Illinois river w as in the United
States. Our land titles (said Mi. H.) go to low water murk;
but the property of the river is in the United States He
would refer to the clause in the ordinance, providing that
all the Yvateis lunning into the gieat Likes, and the Missis-
sippi, should be made fiee, and iemark that this applied to
the Illinois river, for in high water boats went from it into
the lakes.
Mr. BELSER. continued. He should, at a proper time, in
the course of his argument, endeavor to set the gentleman
from South Carolina rierht on the common law of this coun-
try in regard to its navigable u vers. He intended to vote
agaiust the harbor bil), and also against the approdnation
oi $5,000 for the haibor of Mobile, a harbor which had been
in existence as long as he had lived, and had been put in the
bill for the puipose of getting vo e.s fiom that j-ection of the
country He stood here on "principle, andihe avowed it
openly, that he could see no distinction betw een appropria-
tions lor the Ohio and Mississippi, and the Illinois river,
unless on the ground of expediency. It might lesolve itself
into the question of the safety of the lives and property of
the citizens, like that of the acquisition of a terntoiy to
secure them from foreign aggression, but could rest on no
other grounds.
Mr. HOLMES asked the gentleman, if he did not give up
the whole constitutional question, when he resorted to the
doctrine of jiopnh sv<n et.ia Ua '
Mr BELSER said he should come to that present!) . He
was for plain, diiect legislation; and whenever a measure
could not stand on its own strength, but required to be con-
nected with others to carry it through, he would oppose it.
He wished to be understood on this question as impugning
the motives of no man. He did not mean to say that gen-
tleman had acted improper!) m connecting so many various
objects together, but he must say that there was dan-
ger m a combination of these objects; and. as as a repie*
sentative, he had a right to point it out Here were
the States provided for in this bill. The States to be pro-
vided lor were numerous: there was Ohio, and New York,
and Pennsylvania, and Michigan, and Indiana, and Illinois,
and Kentuckj ; and there was also one Territory—Wiscon-
sin—which stood on a somewhat different footing; and the
appropriations for these works amounted to nearly a million
of dollars. The States were entitled to representatives
which would give them 113 votes on this Itooi—-being a
majority of the whole House. He commented on this fact, and
on the liability that existed amongst men of being misled
w hen the interests of the section of the country which they
represented weie involved, and proceeded to read an extract
fiom President Jackson's sixth annual message on the sub*
ject. to show the Inghtful condition to which this country
might be brought, li this svhtem should prevail
lie next noticed th" remarks of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douct ass,] in the coui-e of which that gentleman
had sfid that he was sustained by the opinions of Madison
and other Presidents of the United States, and proceeded to
contend that he was not so sustained, and then to draw the
distinction between local and national works. He was un-
derstood to oppose all these appropriations, though he might
be ihducod to vote expropriations for such streams as the
Mississippi, as the work of expediency.
He alluded to the Texas question in illustration of his
argument, and because it was j esterday brought into this
discussion by a gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. McClel-
land.] For such a purpose as the annexation of Texas, he
would vote money out of the treasury, because bis
policy of expediency for the protection of the rights, and
property, and lives of the citizens of a portion of this coun-
try, and the interests of all, would be secured thereby. He
had voted to refund the fine imposed on General Jackson,
because he believed conscientiously that the act for which
the fine was imposed was done in his endeavor to preserve
human life, and protect the soil and honor of his Country;
and he read an extiactfrom one of Jefferson's messages, to
show that the acquisition of Louisiana was made under
such circumstances of the country as required it, and made
it expedient. He deemed it expedient that this country
should reannex Texas to its territory, and stated variouu
grounds involving the commerce and prosperity of the
West.
Mr. HOLMES and Mr. McCLELLAND both made some
explanatory statements.
Mr BELSER then continued, and argued that -slavery was
guarantied to the southern States, as one of the compro-
mises on which the constitution was based; and this gov*
ernment would be unfaithful to the South, if it did not pro-
tect its rights; and that the property of the South might be
protected, it was necessary that we should have Texas.
Suppose, for instance, a foreign power opposed to slavery
got possession of Texas, and abolition doctrines were im-
planted there: he asked the representatives from Louisiana,
and Mississippi, and Arkansas, on this Jloor, what their slave
property would be worth. Why, they would have to guard
it as they now guard their sheep in the western forests
from the wolves. Suppose the British government took
possession of Texas, and suppose that government were to
engage in a war with this country, with an abolition party
placed there, with the command of the negroes there, and
with an influence by which they could send down upon us
savage Indian tribes, to tomahawk our people: he asked if
it would not be the duty of this government to expend
money, and of Congress to appropriate it, to protect the
lives, and liberties, and property of the people-—the three
great objects for which the declaration of independence
and the constitution were framed.
[Some explanations were here madebetween Mr.BELSER
and Mr. WENTWORTH.]
He believed there was a good deal of money expended on
the Cumberland road before it stopped; but if this was to be
the argument, any scheme, however wild it might be, had
only to pass through one Congress, and the succeeding one
was bound to cairy it through. As the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr Rhett] said, he was willing to be taxed
for all necessary objects, but he was not willing to be taxed
for such measures as would grow up out of tins bill. Did
gentlemen suppose that it would stop here ? No, pass this
bill, and by the next session of Congress it would grow up
to that vast system of internal improvements which was ar-
rested by the veto of General Jackson. Suppose (said Mr.
B ) vou were to appropriate only ten millions for internal
improvements* where was the money to come from? You
cannot (said he) raise more than thirty millions by indirect
taxation You cannot get money unless y ou get it out of the
people's pockets. He thought getlemen who were in favor
of a high protective tariff had the best reason to go for this
bill, and they reason m this way: The more money you ex-
pend for internal improvements, the greater will be the ne-
cessity for high taxes. Here was a combination of interests
that would run togethernaturally. The tariff man said that,
if he got the protection, he vv as satisfied; and the internal
improvement man said that, it he got the money to expend,
he was satisfied. He had seen a gieat deal of these improve-
ments of rivers, and he believed that, ior all the good that
was done, Congress might as well take the money and
throw it into the river. The monuy got into the hands of a
lew men, and was expended m a certain round where it was
no doubt beneficial to that section, but no permanent good
had resulted from it.
Mr. TIBBATTS observed that it was with great reluc-
tance he trespassed on the indulgence of the House at this
late hour of the day; but he had "heard some arguments used,
m the course of this debate, which he felt bound to reply to.
He could not agree that the doctrines advanced by the gen-
tleman fiom South Caiolina [Mr. Rhett] and the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Belofk] were the doctrines of the demo-
ciatic party on the subject of internal improvements. He
would a^k those gentlemen where they got the authoiitv
ior making appiopriations to protect foreign commerce, If
they did not find it m the same clause which gave the power
to protect the internal commerce of the States. The const*
tution gave Congress the power to regulate commerce with
foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the
Indian tribes. Now he would show what he believed to be
the doctrines of the democratic party on the subject of in-
ternal improvements. He had often been obliged to meet
such doctiines on the stump m Kentucky as he had heaid
to-day; and he repudiated them as not belonging to the par-
ty. If the government did not possess the power to improve
rivers and harbors, to piotect the commeice and the lives
of the citizens it w as nwt worth a strawr. Even while this
subject had been under debate, a boat belonging to one of
his constituents had been buried in the Mississippi, earn -
ing down with it twenty or thirty passengers, and a large
and valuable cargo. Now, if the constitution did not au-
thorize the government to provide against such calamities
it did not authorize it to protect the country against inva'
sion or domestic violence.
He would now proceed to show what he considered
to be the doctrines of the democratic party, premising
that though he did not pin his faith on any man's sleeve,
nor make use of the authontv of great names in the
absence of sound and legitimate argument, yet he did not
rely so wholly on his ow n judgment as to set it up above
the" opinions of the sages and patriots of the country. Mr.
T. here sent up to the Clerk's table, and caused to be read by
him, several extracts from the messages ofPresidents Madi-
son, Monroe. and Jackson, which, as they are too lengthy
to be copied for this evening's paper, the reporter is obliged
to leave out.
Mr. T. then said that the system of internal improvements
was commenced under the administration of Mr. Monroe
and was follow ed up by the administration of Mr. Adsms, and
that the last named President quoted the message o'fthe
former in support of the system he recommended. He
, would do Mi\ Adams's administration the justice to J>ay that
