540
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they did commence the system, though thpy carried it out
to an extravagant extent.
■ Mr. T. then sent up to the Chair another message of Presi-
dent Adams, which was read; after which he gave way to
Mr: SCHENCK, on whose motion
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were handed to
the reporters by the members presenting them:
By Mr. WRIGHT, of New Jersey: The memorial of John
Chadwickand 180 others, citizens of Newark, New Jersey,
protesting against any reduction of the existing tariff. The
memorial of J. M. Lindsley and 54 others, citizens of Orange,
Essex county, New Jersey, protesting against any re-
duction of he existing tarifflaw.
By the SPEAKER: The petition of citizens of Franklin
county, Virginia, in relation to post offices and post roads
in their vicinity.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, April20, 1844.
CORRECTION OF A MISREPRESENTATION.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose, as soon as thejournal had been
read, and said he desired permission to make an explana-
tion, which was personal to himself He hoped the unani-
mous consent of the House would be granted. (Cries of
"go on.")
A few moments since a friend had called his attention to
a paragraph in the National Intelligencer, m which he jwas
represented as having used the name of God in the most pro-
fane manner on the floor of this House. Now, as well
might the various gentlemen here, who have pronounced
eulogies ou their deceased friends, be accused of profanity,
when, under such circumstances, they used the name of the
Deity. It would be recollected by the House, that, in the
course of the debate yesterday on the bill for the improve-
ment of certain harbors and rivers, he made some remarks
in favor of the objects intended to be provided for by the
bill; and having received a letter from a friend communi-
cating to him the intelligence of his neighbors and constitu-
ents, to the number of from 40 to 50, had met a watery grave
on the lake, he confessed he spoke undex considerable ex-
citement. In speaking of that ruin and devastation! which
overspread the lake—a ruin which involved both fife and
property—the words "my God" did occur; but in no
protane, but in a devout sense, as a pait ot a sentence, and
not as an exclamation even, but the National Intelligencer
had represented him—and why, he could not conjecture,
as lis said nothing like it—as saying "by God," profanely.
He hoped no gentleman in this House would consider him
capable of coming into this House and using profane lan-
guage, and especially under such solemn, and, to him, very
Samful circumstances, lie should despise himself if he had
one so Having made this explanation, he would not do-
tain the House further than to express the hope that those
who had done him the injustice (and he had a uglit to pre-
sume it was unintentional) of which he complained, would
now retrieve their enor by giving publicity to his explana-
tion.
Mr. FRENCH obtained permission to withdraw the pa-
pers of John Baker (asking lor an increase of pension) from
the file1* of the House; uhich was agieed to.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported a joint resolution respecting the application
of cei tain appropriations heietofore made, and it was signed
by the Speaker.
Mr. STEPHENS obtained permission to withdraw certain
papers asking lor a pension, fiom the files of the House.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr STEPHENS asked permission to present certain reso-
lutions trom the legislature of the State of Georgia, against
the proposition oi the legislature ot Massachusetts for an
amendment to the constitution.
Mr. C.JOHNSON said he would not object, on condition
that there would be no debate.
Mr. DROMGOOLE suggested to the gentleman from
Georgia to move to lay the lesolutiom on the table, and that
they tie printed.
Mi. STEPHENS said he desired that they should be re-
fei red to a select committee ot nine, and that they be print-
ed.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved that they be laid on the table,
and printed.
Mr. STEPHENS hoped the} would be allowed to take the
course of othei s of a like chdiacter.
The reading of the resolutions was called for; and they
were read accordingly.
The SPEAKER put the question on Mr. Johnson's mo-
tion, which had precedence.
Mr. STEPHENS called for a division; and 62 voted in the
atfiimative and 57 in the negati\e.
Thej were accordingly laid on the. table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PHfENIX desired permission to offer a resolution, di-
recting the Judiciarv Committee to inquire into the expedi-
ency of reporting a bill on the subject ol the punishment of
counterfeiters; but objection was made, and it was not re-
ceived.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the orders of the day, which,
for the morning hour, was the call for
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee on Claims, reported a
bill for the relief of Josiah Dillon, late assistant quarter-
master general; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. P. KING, from the Committee onCommcice, reported
a bill for the relief of John Sands; which was read twice,
and committed.
He also made an adverse report on the petition of Charles
Stoddard, and the committee was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration thereof.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, from the Committee on Public Lands,
reported a bill to confirm certain private entries of land m
the northwestern land district of Mississippi; which was
read twice, and committed; and the map accompanying the
same was referred to the Committee on Engraving.
On the motion of Mr. McCLELLAND, the Committee ol
the Whole House was discharged from the bill for a survey
of Red river, and it was committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HERRICK, from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
made an adverse report on the petition of Lewis C. Sartori;
and it was laid on the table.
- PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee for the District
of Columbia, reported a bill making appropriations for re-
paving and repairing a portion of the Pennsylvania avenue;
which was read twice.
Mr. F. moved that it be committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr.McDOWELL inquired how much the bill appropriated,
and was informed that the sum was $28,000.
At the request of several gentlemen, the bill was read;
and it appeared that it proposed to appropriate $28,000 for
the purpose designated, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of War, who shall appoint a competent of-
ficer of the engineer corps to superintend the work. The
bill provides that the portion of the avenue lying between
west 1st street and west 15tli street shall be repaired and re-
paved, in three parallel strips—the centi* strijj to be forty
feet wide, and covered with gravel; and the side parallel
strips to be 34 feet wide, and paved with small oval stones,
not larger than 3 inches in diameter. It also appropropri-
ates, for repairing and gravelling Pennsylvania avenue fiom
17th street to the bridge over Rock creek, and making prop-
er gutteis and drains to carry off the water from the same,
the sum of $6,000; and, for repairing the road irom the Cap-
itol to the navj-yard, and to the congressional buiying-
ground, $4,000, to be expended under the direction of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings; and the whole to be done
under contract obtained by published proposals.
Mr. PETTIT remarked that the House had already de.
cided this matter in substance, and therefore he moved to
lay it on the table.
Mr. BARNARD called for the yeas and nays, and they
were ordered.
Mr. BARNARD then called for the reading of the bill.
Mr. WELLER objected, it having been read already.
Some remarks were made by Mi. BARNARD, and Mr.
SUMM F'RS.
Mr. J. W. JONES requested the gentleman fiom Indiana
to withdraw the motion, to give him an opportunity to make
some remarks.
Mr. PETTIT consented, on condition that the gentleman
from Tennessee would renew the motion when he had fin-
ished.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, it was decid-
ed in the negative—} eas 74, nays 83.
Mr. FITZPATRICK then renew ed his motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
which motion was agreed to.
Mr. HERRICK, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate entitled an act
for the lelief of William McPherson, repoitedthe same with-
out amendment, which bill was committed to a Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. McILVAINE, fiom the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, repoitedthe following bills, which were severally
read twice and referred:
A bill for the relief of Anna Hunter, widow of Robert
Huntei, and
A bill for the relief of Nancy Wilson, widow of Captain
William Wilson.
On motion by Mr. McILVAINE, the same commit-
tee, was dischaiged from the further consideration of the
petition of Elizabeth Graves, and the same was laid on the
table.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, ma<le a report in the case of William McCaulej ,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee ol the
Whole House, and made the oidei of the day l'oi to-mor-
row-
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
made adverse reports upon the petitions of Wm. Turney,
Leonard Swallow, and Samuel Lusk; which reports were
laid upon the table.
Mr OWEN, liom the Committee on Roads and Canals,
moved that the said committee be disohaiged fiom the con-
sideration oi the resolution of the House in relation to an
appropriation for a survey of a Macadamised road from the
national road near Laurel Hill, to the harbor of Erie, and
also from the several petitions upon that subject, and that
the said icsolution and petitions be laid upon the table.
After a few \vords from Mr. BUFF1NGTON, the commit-
tee was discharged from the memonals—71 voting- m the af-
firmative, and 50 m the negative—and the question recurred
on laying them on the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and nays; and they
were ordeied, <md, being taken, lesulted thus. } eas 110,
nays 66.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Anderson, Atkinson, Barrmgor,
Belser, Benton, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bow-
lin, Brengle, William J. Blown, Burke, Burt. Caldwell,
Cary, Cairoll, Catlin, Reuben Chapman. Augustus A.
Chapman, Chappell. Clingman, Cobb, Cullom, Dana, Dan-
iel, Richard D. Davis, J&hn W. Davis, Deberry, Delict, Dil-
lingham, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Far-
lee, French. Willis Green, By ram Green, Glider, Hale,
Haralson, Henley, Heriirk, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hubard, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Ken-
nedy, Labianche, Leonard, Lucas, L}on, McCauslen, Mac-
lay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McKay, Math-
ews, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Newton, Norris, Owen, Par-
mentor, Payne, Emery 1> Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun,
David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Robinson,
Russell, St. John, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons,
Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles, Strong, Summers, Taylor'
Thompson, Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton, Williams, Wood-
ward, William Wright, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—no.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Baker, Barnard, Bidlack, James
Black, Brodhead, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Clinch,
Clinton, Collamer. Cranston, Darrah, Gairett Davis, Dickey)
frjfch, Florence, Foot, Giddings, Grmnell, Harper, Hudson)
Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Inger-
soil, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy,
Daniel P. King, Mellvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse,
Moseley, Nes, Patterson, Phcenix, Elisha R. Potter, Preston,
Ramsey, Charles M. Reed, Rockwell, Kodney, Rogers,
Sample, Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Thomasson, Tilden,. Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Wethered, White, and Winthrop—66.
So they were laid on the table.
The SPEAKER announced that the morning hour had ex-
pired.
Mr. McKAY moved a suspension of the rules, for the pur-
pose of going into committee of the whole on the naval and
Post Office Department appropriation bills.
Mr. VANCE called for the yeas and nays; and they were
ordered, and, beina taken, resulted thus: yeas 88, nays 91.
So the rules were not suspended
Mr. VANCE moved that the House resolved itselfinto
Committee of the Whole on private bills, this being private
bill day.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to suspend the rules so as to
take up the bill making appropriations for the improvement
of certain [western] harbors and rivers.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked if the motion would not require
a vote of two-thirds.
The SPEAKKR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. McCLERNARD called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered; and on taking the question, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 59.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Baker, Barnard, Ben-
ton, Bidlack, Bower, Bowlin, Jacob Brinkerhoff, Brodhead,
William J. Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Burke,
Caldwell, Cary, Carroll, Causin, Dana?, Garrett Davis, Rich-
ard D. Davis, John W. Davis, Dickey, Dillingham, Doug-
lass, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin, Fish,
Florence. Foot, French, Giddings, Willis Green, Byram
Green, Grinnell, Haralson, Harper, Hays, Henley, Herrick,
Holmes, Hoge, Hughes, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jame-
son, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Ken-
nedy, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King,
Leonard, Lyon, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, Mc-
Dowell, Mathews, Edward J. Morris. Joseph Morris, Mose
ley, Murphy, Owen. Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix, Emery D.
Potter, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun, Charles M. Reed,
Reding, Relfe, Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers,
Russell, St. John, Sample, Sclienck, Thomas H. Seymour,
David L. Seymour, Slidell, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith,
Cale« B. Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Andiew Stewart,
John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers, Thomasson,
Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, Went-
worth, Wethered, Wheaton, White, Williams, Winthrop,
William Wright, and Joseph A. Wright—120.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Ashe, Atkinson, Barringer, Bel-
ser, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Brengle,
Burt, Catlm, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman,
Chappell, Chilton, Clinch, Clinton, Cobb, Collamer, Cran-
ston, Cullom, Daniel, Deberiy, Dromgoole, Foster, Grider,
Hale, Hopkins, Houston, Hubbell, Hudson, Hungeriord,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kirkpatrick, La-
branche, Lucas, Maclay, Mellvaine, McKay, Marsh, Morse,
Newton, Norris, Parmenter, Payne, Elisha R, Potter, Pratt,
D. S. Reid, Rhett, Ritter, John T. Smith, Stephens, Taylor,
Thompson, Vance, Woodward, and Yost—69.
So the rules being suspended, the bill making appropri-
ations for certain harbors and rivers was taken up.
Mr. TIBBATTS, who had the floor from yesterday, ob-
served that, belore he proceeded with his remarks, he wish-
ed to notice and correct an error into which the repoiter
had lallen, who gave a sketch of his remarks in yesterday's
Globe. lie \\ as made to say in that report—
'•Even while this subject had been under debate, a boat
bolongingto one ot his constituents had been burried in the
Mississippi, cain ing down with it twenty orthnty passen-
gers. and a large nnri valuable cargo. Now, if the constitu-
tion did not authorize the government to provide against
such calamities, it did not authorize it to protect the
count!*} against invasion or demestic violence."
He wished to be understood as saying that if this govern-
ment did not possess the power to improve the Mississippi
and Ohio rivers, to save the people navigating them from
such calamities as were daily reaching their ears, and to
improve our harbors so as to protect our commerce, such a
government was not worth having. He was further incor-
rectly reported as saying—
"That the system of internal improvements was com-
menced under the administration of Mr Monroe, and was
followed up by the administration of Mr, Adams, and that
the last named President quoted the message of the for-
mer in support of the system he recommended. He would
do Mr. Adams's administration the justice to say that they
did not commence the system, though they carried it out
to an extravagant extent/'
His remark was, that the preliminary steps for a system of
internal improvements were taken under the administration
of Mr. Monroe, by the passage of the act of 30th April, 1844,
for making surveys, examinations, &c.
He then ieininded the House that he had yesterdaj caused
various extracts from Mr. Madison and others to be read;
and he would now proceed to give some of the conclusions
which he had drawn from them. From Mr. Madison's
works he derived the conclusions:
1. That Mr. Madison believed that the general govern-
ment possesses the constitutional power to make appropria-
tions lor internal improvements of a national character, and
that tins could best be done by national authority; and that
the general government ought to give its attention to the
establishing of such improvements throughout the country
for reasons of political economy, of public utility, and for
the honor of the government, guided by a wise and enlarg-
ed patriotism, and for "the political effect of these facilities
of intercommunication in bringing* and binding together the
various parts of our extended confederacy.
2. That Mr. Monroe classed "the improvement of the
country by roads and canals, proceeding always with a con-
stitutional sanction," as holding a distinguished place among
other interests of high importance recommended by him to
