May. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Walker.
Senatfe..
ure, consoled, that a general so experienced as your Excel-
lency should be the one, who obtains the command, the
which he expressly confirms.
"The'first desire that his Excellency has, is, that you ad-
dress the enemy's general, exacting from him, by decorous"
means, the liberty of the President General-in-chief, or at
least, during the time this point can be regulated, the con-
siderations due to his high dignity, and to a person so dis-
tinguished in the annals of American history, and for whose
preservation the entire _ nation is interested by gratitude,
and because he is chief of it
"His Excellency, the President ptu I tin., counts upon your
Ex-cclloncy's directing all his efforts to save the remainder
of the army, bj- concentrating it, so as to render it more re-
spectable, placing it in a convenient place for receiving pro-
Vjsions, fox w hich the most efficacious measures are adopt-
ed. The preservation of Bexar is of absolute necessity, in
order that the government, according 'to circumstances,
may act as they see fit.
"The fate of all the prisoners is very interesting to the
nation, and it is recommended to your Excellency to en
deavor to alleviate it, giving authority from this moment to
propose exchanges, and to preserve for this purpose, and be-
cause humanit) exacts it, the life of the prisoners made,
and that may be made, from the enemy. Your Excellency
knows the circumstances which majr result from an impru-
dence committed in this affair; but the government fears
nothing as regards this, because it knows how great is the
skill and zeal of your Excellency, for the best service of the
country."
The importance of procuring "the liberty of the
President General-in-chief," "to save remainder of
the army," and to alleviate the "fate of all the prison-
ers," were the avowed purposes of the government;
to effect which, it seems to me, unlimited discretion
was given to General Filisola, as commander-in-
chief, and these very objects were secured by the
treaty. •
I will now proceed to show the immense benefits
which Mexico derived from the treaty, and which
were the consideration and inducing cause of the
treaty; and which benefits having been received and
retained by Mexico, amount, under the law of na-
tions, to a ratification of the treaty. Mexico obtain-
ed then, and received under the treaty, first, the life
and liberty of her President, and the restoration of
many officers and prisoners, and the saving of the
large army of Filisola, and the saving the Mexican
nation from further disgrace. In his despatch to the
government, dated May 14, 1836, General Filisola
says, in regard to the large army tinder his com-
mand, "Artillery and cavalry sick; baggage, mules,
everything that accompanied the army, was a con-
fused mass, without any distinction, and without
being able to move from the place where they were
caught."
"Ifthe enemy, under these critical circumstances*
should have met us on the only road that was left?
nothing would remain but to die or surrender at dis"
crction."
"The army is without clothing, the arms ruined,
ammunition of every kind in a very bad condition,
horses and mules badly used in the extreme, we
have neither physician or apothecary; we are threat-
ened with the epidemic of the season, and the m-
n umerable sufferings which the army has undergone;
and should this misfortune take place, the men will
perish without the least assistance, in the midst of
discouragement, and abandoned without even the
consolation of spiritual assistance, for we have not
a single chaplain to say mass for us." In his des-
patch of May 31st, 1836, General Filisola, alluding
to these treaties, and the necessity of his retreat,
says: "I do not mention other reasons, perhaps
more convincing; and, m fine, I think 1 have saved
the whole army from a disaster, and the national
decorum from a positive disgrace." In his despatch
of June 10th, he reiterates his former opinions, and
declares that the treaties entered into by Santa Anna,
and approved by himself, were essential to promote
the best interests of Mexico. Now, Mexico re-
ceived the full and great benefit of all these treaties.
She continued Filisola in power, and approved h.s
conduct. She received back into the country her
captive President, and generals, and prisoners, and
the army of Filisola, which otherwise, we have
seen, must have fallen into the hands of the Texians.
This, under the law of nations, was a ratification of
the treaty, and she could annul that treaty in no
other manner than by refusing to receive the
benefits which she derived under it, or restoring
them when received, when she was not prepared to
ratify the treaty. Such has been the law of na-
tions from the days of Regulus, the patriot general
of Rome. In the war with Carthage he was made
a prisoner, and whilst such, entered into a treaty
with the Carthagenians, upon his return to Rome,
he informed his country that, in his opinion, the
treaty was injurious to the best interests of Rome,
and ought not to be carried into effect; but that,
upon their refusal to execute its provisions, it was
his duty to return in captivity to Carthage, although
his life might be the forfeit. It was with difficulty
the Roman Senate complied; and amidst the lamen-
tations of his country,the deep affliction of his friends
and the tears of his wife and children, the devoted
patriot returned to captivity in Carthage, where he -
suffered death amid tortures indescribable. Such was
the Roman view of the law of nations, and of the
faith of treaties, -and of the unutterable disgrace and
infamy of receiving the benefit of the treaty on one
part, whilst the consideration which induced it on
the other is entirely withheld. This cannot be done
consistently with the law of nations. And to receive
the benefit, is to ratify the treaty; and is a ratifica-
tion, under every rule of law and justice, whatever
protest may be made against it. Let us suppose,
for the sake of argument, that Santa Anna, as a
prisoner, was not authorized as the agent of the
government of Mexico to make this treaty? Yet, if
Mexico received the benefit, it is a ratification un-
der every rule of law and principle of justice. It
is a rule of morals, founded in honor and con-
science, and a principle of municipal as well as
international law, applying as well to the com-
pacts of States as individuals, that if an agent,
without authority, makes a contract, and the
principal receives and retains the benefit pro-
vided by it, it is an affirmance of the compact, how-
ever loudly he may protest against it. Thus it is a
conceded principle of law, that if A, without au-
thority, sells the property of B to C, the contract is
invalid: yet if B receives and retains the purchase
money, it is as complete an affirmance of the con-
tract as if it were subscribed by the principal him-
self. So also, under what is callea the statute of
frauds, a verbal sale of a tract of land the law de-
clares to be null and void; yet if it is partly exe-
cuted by the reception of the benefit on one part, it
affirms and ratifies the transfer. These are nothing
more than the eternal principles of honor, truth,
and justice, recognised by every writer on the
law of nations, and universally applicable and bind-
ing upon nations as well as individuals. The
law of nations never did sanction fraud or per-
fidy, and it does not permit a nation to receive the
benefit of a treaty on its part, and then to declare
that the treaty is invalid. If Mexico, under this
treaty, had received from Texas a sum of money,
through an unauthorized agent, as a consideration
for the treaty, and placed and retained it in the
national treasury, who will deny that this would be
a ratification of the treaty? Well, although Mexico
did not receive money under this compact, she did
receive and retain that, which these documents I
have cited demonstrate she regarded as much more
valuable. She received back her captive President,
whom she has since elevated to supreme authority.
She received back a vast number of her most useful
office] s, and thousands of her citizens and soldiers.
She received back a large and disciplined army,
with all their property, arms, and munitions of war.
And is money more valuable to a nation than the
life and liberty of her President, her officers, her
soldiers, and citizens'' And is not the receiving ana
retaining such a consideration, as full and complete a
ratification of the treaty as if she had obtained and
placed in the national treasury millions of dollais,
as a consideration for the treaty recognising the in-
dependence of Texas?
Upon every rule of justice, every dictate of con-
science, every precept of religion, and every princi-
ple of honor and good faith, incorporated into, and
forming a part and the very essence of the law of
nations, I proclaim it as an undoubted truth, that
the acts of Mexico on this occasion constitute a
complete ratification of this treaty and an unequiv-
ocal recognition of the sovereignty and independence
of Texas.
It is said that the revolution in Mexico was of an
older date in 1825, 1827, and 1829, than that of
Texas at this period. Now, the first movement m
Texas against Mexico was in 1819, and the second in
1826; and on both occasions battles were fought, and
the independence of Texas was declared. The first
movement was headed by Gen. Long m 1819, in re-
gard to which the historian says: "In taking pos-
session of this place, (Nacogdoches,) the first tiling
to which he directed his attention was the establish-
ment of a civil government." A council was chosen.
"General Long himself was elected president. The
council met on the 22d June, 1819, and on the suc-
ceeding day declared the province a/fee and inde-
pendent republic."—2 History of Texas, 204- After
many severe conflicts, the insurgents wore over-
thrown; but if the dates of revolutionary movements
are to have any effect on this question, the first in
Texas was twenty-five years prior to this period;
whereas the first in Mexico (1819) was but fifteen
years before the first, and nineteen years before the
last -proposed purchase. The second .serious at-
tempt to establish the independence' of Texas was
in 1826. This resulted in a declaration of indepen-
dence, issued 20th December, 1826, reciting various
most appalling grievances.—2 History' of Texas,
254. On the 4th of January, 1827, a signal victory
was gained by the Texians over a greatly superior
force of Mexicans. Before the close of the year,
however, the Texians were subdued, and the Mexi-
can authority re-established. Other revolutionary'
movements took place in Texas, in 183lj, in resist-
ance of most arbitrary and intolerable oppression on -
the part of the Mexican troops, in which the Tex-
ians were invariably successful, and the command
of the country was then in their hands; but they
seemed satisfied with overthrowing military usurpa-
tion, and made no effort then to establish their inde-
pendence.—2 Texas, 12, 134. Now, what were
the movements in Mexico on which so much re-
liance is placed? The first referred to is that of
Hidalgo, in 1810, to which the senator attaches
great importance, and of whom he speaks in terms
of high eulogy. But this was not a movement
in favor of independence; but was, like the feel-
ings out of which it grew, as described by the
histoiian, not a question "between their sovereign
and themselves as subjects, but between themselves
and their fellow subjects, the European Spaniards,
as to which should possess the right of representing
the absent King,"—-1 Ward's Mexico, 118. The
following account is given by Mr. Ward of this
movement of Hidalgo:
"All the Europeans in the tow n were thrown into confine-
ment on his arrival; their number was so great that it was ne-
c.cssary to distribute them among the different convents, and
it is not improbable that they may not have been as guarded
in their conversation there, as circumstances required. But
without any other crime being alleged against them than
this: on some vague rumors of a conspiiacy amongst the
prisoners. Hidalgo determined to moke away with them all.
"This cru€-l resolution was carried into effect with a cold-
bloodedness which is really horrible. No form of trial, no
previous examination even, was thought necessary; but the
prisoners were brought out, by twenty and thirty at a time,
and conducted, under the shadow of "the night, by some of
Hidalgo's creatures, to retired parts of the mountains, in the
vicinity of the city, where they vs eie butchered in secret,
the use of ft re-arm * being prohibited, for fear of creating any
alarm This detestable system of midnight executions,
commenced at Valladoli>l, w here hidalgo ordered eighty
Rmupeans to be beheaded on the Ceno de la Batea, during
the three days which lie passed in tin town; but in Gauda-
lavara. the number of victims was betwet n seven and eight
hundred."
There is every reason to believe, too, that he in-
tended to pursue the same line of conduct in future,
and to establish it as a general rule. The author
then gives a general letter of Hidalgo, produced
upon his trial, to one of his lieutenants, in which, as
regards the suspected Spaniards, whom he may
take as prisoners, he says:
" Bvry them in obliiion at once, by puttiug such persons
to death, with all necessary precautions, m some sccret and
solitary place, where their fate may remain forever un-
knot n.5/ (1st Ward, 131)
The movement of Hidalgo proved an entire fail-
ure, and in 1811 he was arrested in his flight out of
the country; and after undergoing a trial, he was
condemned and executed. This is the British ac
count by Mr. Ward, their envoy to Mexico. The
following is by an American historian:
"At the head of a wretched mob amounting to some twen-
ty thoiumd persons, a mad-cap priest, Hidalgo by name,
proclaims a general destruction of the Gu.ichapms or Euro-
pean Spaniards, which he carries into effect, as far as he is
able, m a most ferocious and sanguinary manner; storms the
city of Guanaxuato, whore he obiains plunder to the
amount of five millions of dollars—the Spaniards, with all
who are found adhering to them, being basely murdered by
the Indians under his command. This band of robbers in-
ci ease repidly ni number and assume the name of Patriots.
Hidalgo has been able to give to each of his soldiers five
hundred dollars in gold and silver; the intelligence of
which fact spreading through the country, he soon iinda
himself surrounded by one hundred and ten thousand un-
disciplined brigands, "and takes his way to the neighbor-
hood of the capital. These brigands are ail of them armed
simply w ith clubs, except about one thousand of them, who
have got possession of muskets. Great alarm is excited by
this movement among the European authorities at Mexico,
who resort, to spiritual weapons of defence, alone, in the
ftrst instance Excommunication is thundered forth against
Hidalgo and his insurrectionary host by ecclesiastical pro-
tentates at the capital, who are "interested in upholding the
existing government, and keeping down the Creole popula-
tion. Hidalgo's one hundred and ten thousand are greatly
alarmed in turn by this spiritual artillery, and begin to
abandon their leader, who is forced to make a precipitate and
confused retreat.
'•Calleja pursues Hidalgo still farther, the latter having
