(30fcGRESSiONAL GLOBfj.
641
the consideration of Congress. . That Mr. Monroe denied
that Congress bad the "power to establish turnpikes, with
gates and tolls, and to enforce the collection of tolls by pen-
alties," because he considered that this power implied "a
power to adopt and execute a complete system of internal
improvements," which latter power he, in his first annual
message, had denied to have been conferred by the consti-
tution upon Congress. What idea Mr. Monroe attached to
the woid "system" he does not define, and has left us to
conjecture; but he leaves us in no doubt as to his belief in
the constitutional power of Congress to make appropriations
for the making of roads and canals of "a general, not local—
national, not state character," for the purpose of uniting
and bringing more closely together the North with the
South, and the East with the West-—"the jurisdiction re-
maining in the States."
That preliminary to great and lasting works of public
improvements, surveys of roads, examinations for the
course of canals, and labors for the removal of obstructions
of rivers and haibors, were commenced by the act of Con-
gress of the 30th of April, 1824, under the administration of
Mr. Monroe.
That the administration of Mr. Adams, in carrying out the
objects of the act of the 30th of April, 1824, was believed by
the democratic party to have broken down the barriers to
the exercise of the power which had been prescribed by
the preceding administration, by the exercise of the power
for objects of local, not general—state, and not national,
character; and by a course of legislation, calculated to con-
tinue and increase the public debt, or make additional taxa-
tion necessary; and to draw the country mto a corrupt and
corrupting system of wild sfifrd extravagant expenditure;
which was arrested by President Jackson by his celebrated
Maysville road and Wabash vetoes, and the exercise of the
power by Congress, again brought backto the limits laid
down,by Mr. Monroe, as prescribed by the constitution, and
the exercise of that constitutional power confined by land
marks within a reasonable prudential expenditure'of the
pablic moneys.
We find the principles laid down by President Jackson to
be, that—
1. Congress has no power to make internal improve-
ments within the limits of a State assuming the right of ter-
ritorial jurisdiction: nor—
2. Of appropriating money in aid of such works, local in
their character, when carried on by a State, or by a compa-
ny, in virtue of State authority, the State retaining the ju-
risdiction; but
3. Thfiit Congress possesses the constitutional power to
appropriate money for "improvements of a particular class,
viz: For light-houses, beacons, buoys, public piers, and for
the removal of sand-bars, sawyers, and other temporary and
partial impediments-in our navigable rivers and harbors."
Such were the principles laid down fry President Jackson,
the great leader of the democratic party: here he fixed hi*
stakes; here he prescribed his landmarks of the constitu-
tional power of Congress; here he fixed his standard, and
unfolded his banner; and on this issue he staked his politi-
cal existence. The democracy of the land rallied to his sup-
port; around these principles the battle was fought, and the
country sustained him by an overwhelming majority. Such
then, were fixed to be the principles of the democratic party,
and with them the action of the government has conformed
ever since.
The Maysville veto was upon a question of constitutional
power. In the Wabash veto, the constitutional powei as to
the particular improvement was conceded, but the measure
vetoed on the score of expediency and expediency only. The
ill'mois is in thu same categony. I do not doubt m the least
degree the constitutional power ofCongiess to make appro-
priations for the improvement of it? navigation. 1 do not
idoubt that such an improvement is of a national character,
and national importance, and will find no difficulty in
voting for the bill, with the Illinois river in or out of it.
He then &pp<&ah?d to several gentlemen on this floor to
permit this bill to pass, by withdrawing their projects,
which could not be carried, but which obstruct*-d the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. CULLOM next obtained the floor; and after some in.
iroductory remarks, proceeded to remark on the extraor-
dinary appropriations which this bill proposed to make,
amounting, as they did, to near a million;of|dollars—appro-
priations which lie held to be both inexpedient and uncon-
stitutional. He replied briefly to some positions assumed
by one of the gentlemen from Maryland, [Mr. Brk>-c,l>„]
and then examined that clause of the constitution under
which it was assumed that Congress possessed the power to
make these appropriations.
Mr. C. continued his argument, denying that there was
any grant of power to make internal improvements. But it
was said that the power to make these internal improve-
ments arise out of that provision in the constitution which
gave to Congress power to regulate commerce with foreign
nations, and between the States, and with the Indian tribes
Now, what did the people of the States, in making this grant
of power, intend? They intended to part with the power to
make negotiations with foreign nations on the subject of
commerce; and they intended to part with the power to
pass laws prescribing the rules lor carrying on commerce
between the States and with the Indian tribes. They in-
tended to give this power to the government, but not the
power to make harbors or clear out rivers, any more than
to build ships, steamboats, or any other vehicles in which
commerce is to be carried. The meaning of the words "to
regulate commeice," was not to provide the means of carry-
ing on commerce, but to make rules and regulations pre-
scribing the manner oi carrj ing it on with foreign nations,
between the Status, and with the Indian tribes He chal-
lenged the friends of this measure to meet the question fair-
ly. He challenged them to show that the clausc in the con-
stitution he had referred to meant anything more than to
make the rules for carrying on commerce. He had heard
no gentleman, who was m favor of these improvements,
take up this constitutional question, and argue it upon prin-
ciple. On the contrary, failing in argument, they resorted
to precedents, which was tacitly confessing the weakness
of their cause. He was opposed to the exercise oi these
vagrant powers, that seemed to be everywhere in the con-
stitution, and yet to have no location.
Mr. DANIEL observed that he did not regret that this de-
bate had sprung up, but he regretted that there should exist
m the party to which he belonged, a diversity of opinion-
not only on this subject of internal improvements, but on
the subject of a protective tariff. In this diversity of opin-
ion, he saw the elements of weakness in his party. No man
ot observation could fail to perceive this fact. We have
been taunted (said he) by gentlemen of the opposite pnrty,
with the opinions of some of our friends on both these ques-
tions; but he would say to them that they might take
that man of the democratic party who went the
farthest for a protective tariff and for internal improvents,
and he was infinitely safer than the prty to which he was
opposed. Nevertheless, he regretted this diversity of opin-
ion, as he had before remarked, because he viewed in it
the elements of the weakness of the party-
He went on to deny that Mr. Jefferson sanctioned the doc-
trines in whose support gentlemen had used his name, and
he supported his position by a reference to the acts of that
distinguished man, Mr. Madison had also been appealed to;
but neither did he sanction those doctrines; and when
Mr. Monroe came into power, he took unqualified'ground
against the doctrine of internal improvements. He alluded
to the diversity of opinion which had been manifested at
various periods by distinguished men in the discussion of
this question. Some had held that the power existed under
the clause which enabled Congress to regulate commerce;
and others, equally as distinguished, had held the con-
trary.
He quoted the opinions of Mr. Monroe, of Chief Justice
Marshall, and Chancellor Kent, to show that they sustained
the latter conclusion; and remarked that it surely could not
have been intended, under the provision to regulate com-
mence with foreign nations and the Indian tribes, that this
government could cut aroad. If such an interpretation was
legitimate, why might they not also build ships, and man
fleets, under the same provision, and for the same purposed
He discussed at some length the power of Congress over
such subjects, and the expediency or inexpediency of ex-
ercising that power. Precedent had been appealed to, but
nothing could be settled by such authority; and if this sys-
tem had been carried out, as it was proposed when General
Jackson arrested it by his veto, there would have been soon
a debt hanging over this country but little short of the
amount of that which hung over th'e people of Great
Britain. He recapitulated the many extensive roads that
were projected at that time—schemes which would have
cost this country from 100 to 200 millions of dollars to ac-
complish—which -were happily arrested by General Jack-
son; and entered into some further remarks on the powers
of the general government.
Mr. HOLMES asked the gentleman from North Carolina
to tell him where was the power of any State to improve the
navigation of the Mississippi.
Mr. DANIEL answered that all he could say was, that
the States, if they ever possessed the power, had never
parted with it to the general government. There was a
clausc in the constitution declaring that all the powers not
granted to the federal government were reserved to the
States and the people thereof, so that if they ever had the
power, they retained it still. But he denied the doctrine of
the gentleman that the States had no power to improve the
livers bordering on them. Suppose the constitution ne\or
had been formed: would not the States lying on the Missis-
sippi and Ohio, by mutual agreement,'have the power to
improve them? Now,ha\ing that power, and not having
yielded it to the government'could they not now exercise
it7 He thought it would he infinitely bettei for the States
to improve their navigable rivers, at their own expense,
than that it should be done by the general government.
Mr. HOLMES would ask the; gentleman'if the States had
the power to imptove the Ohio and Mississippi rivers with-
out the consent of Congress. .
Mr. DANIEL said they could do it with the consent of
Congress, and Congress never would withhold its consent.
Mr. HOLMES then said, that brings ns back to the gene-
ral government after all, as the only power that can make
these improvements.
Mr. DANIEL said that, in his opinion, it would be infi-
nitely better tor the States to make th^e improvements
than for them to be made by the general government. The
money, under State authority, would be more economically
expended, a more judicious system of improvement would
be adopted, and there would be less w aste and extravagance
in consequence of there being a greater accountability.
Besides, it would be cheaper to the States, in the end; for
this internal improvement system must be kept up by high
taxes; and the States for whose benefit appropriations for
internal improvements were made, would not get as much
as they would have to pay in the taxation consequent upon
the system. He had hoped that the democratic party, when
they got into power, would have resisted all attempts to re-
vive this unconstitutional system; but if the doctrines he
heard here were to prevail, he feared that the people would
say that they too were unfaithful to their professions
Mr. McDOWELL said that he felt a great disposition to
answer iome of the arguments that had been made against
internal improvements, but being more anxious to progress
w ith the business of the House, and get a decision on the
bill before them, he would move the previous question,
and entreated the friends of the measure to suppoit him
in jt.
Mr. WOODWARD asked the gentleman to withdraw the
call lor the previous question, to enable him to make some
remarks.
Mr. MeDOWELL declined, saving he was as anxious to
speak as the gentleman himself could be, but he felt it ne-
cessary to conic to a dec^on on the question.
The previous question having been seconded—ayes S-f,
noes 49, and the main question ordered,
Thp CHAIR stated the mam question to be on the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr Du.ncan] to strikeout the
appropriation for the Illinois river.
The yeas and nays ha\mg been ordered, the main ques-
tion was taken, and decided in the alftrmathe—yeas Its,
nays 49:
The question then recurrcd on the engrossment of the
bill.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and nays, and they
were ordered, and resulted as follows: j eas no*, nays 75.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnard,
Bower, Bowlin, Jacob Brinkerhoff, Milton Brown, Wil-
liam J. Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Jeremiah it. £ary, Car-
roll, Causin. Chilton, Clinch, Collamer, Cranston, Ctoss,
Dan-ali, Richard D. Davis, Dickey, Douglass, Duncan, El-
lis, Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, French, Gid*
dings, Byram Green, Grinnell, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hen-
ley, Hoge, Hubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jame-„
son, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, A. Kennedy, John P. Ken-
nedy, Daniel P. King, Labranche, Leonard, Lyon, 'McCaus-
len, McClelland, McDowell, Mellvaine, Marsh, Mathews,
E. J. Morris, Joseph Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Pat-
terson, Petit, Peyton, Phcenix, Elisha R. Potter, E.D.Pot-
ter, Pratt, Preston, Purdy, C. M. Reed, Relfe, Robinson,
Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Russell, St John, Sample,
Schenck, Senter, D. L. Seymour, Slidell, Albert Smith,
Thomas Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stet-
son, Stewart, Strong, Summers, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Til-
den, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth.
Wethered, White, Wmthrop, and William Wright—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Baringer, Belser,
Benton, Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black, Boyd,
Brengle, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Catlin, Reuben Chap-
man, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clingman, Cobft,
Coles, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, John W. Davis, Deberry
Dromgoole, Farlee, Ficklin, Hale, Hammett, Haralson,'
Horrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes,
Himgerford, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, P. King, Xirkpatrick, Lewis, Lucas, Maclay,
McClernand, McConnell, McKay, Newton, Norris Owen -
Parmenter, Payne, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Rhett)
Ritter, Roberts, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson,
John T. Smith. Robert Smith, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone
Taylor, Thompson, Wheaton, Williams, Woodward, Jo-
seph A. Wright and Yost—75,
Some conversation then ensued as to the condition of the
bill.
The SPEAKER said the bill was not engrossed.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then remarked that all debate was out
of order under these circumstances; and if the bill was to
be taken up on its third reading, he should require its entire
reading according to the rules.
Mr. WHITE moved a suspension of the rules which re-
quired its engrossment, so that the House might go on With
its third reading now.
Some further conversation ensued.
The SPEAKER said if there was no objection, the ques-
tion would be put, When shall this bill be read a third
time'
Various objections were made.
Mr. DROAK300LE said the bill not having been engross-
ed, it was not in possession of the House.
Mr. WHITE moved that the rules be suspended, which
required the engrossment ol the bill before readinff it the
third time
The CHAIR said that the motion was not in order.
Somebnel conversation on the point of orderrensued, in
which Messrs. WHITE, DROMGOOLE, HOPKINS, and
DUNCAN took part, when
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and resulted—yeas 67, nays 116. So the
House refused to adjourn.
The bill having been read a third time,
Mr. TIBBATTS moved the previous question on its pas-
sage, which was sustained by the House.
The question then recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. McCLF.RNAND moved to be excused from voting on
the passage of the bill, and proceed to say that he regarded
the bill as containing many objectionable features. He had
dnhgently sought for several days to avail himself of an
opportunity to amend the bill, so as to relieve it from some
oi the objections which had been urged against it, but with-
out success. I-Ie had expressed his views upon the subject
some weeks since, when it was in Committee of the Whole,
and had then sought to equali7e the appropriations con-
templated by the bill, according to the importance of
the objects for which they were intended, and at that time
the appropriation for the improvement of the lower Ohio,
the Mississippi, and some other rivers, had been increased
from $180,000 to $223,000, so as to equalize the appropriation
with the a mounts which had been agreed upon for the upper
Ohio and the lake harbors. With this amendment the bill
would have been less objectionable, but although agreed
upon in Committee of the Whole, it had been strickenout in
the House, while the amounts for the upper Ohio and the
lake harbors had been retained. The bill as it now stood
was objectionable—first, because it embodied, in a confused
mass, various distinct and independent objects of appro-
priation; and secondly, because the appropriations for these
objects were unequal and unfair, because they were not
measured by any regard for the public interests.
A glance at the provisions of the bill would show this to
be so. The bill m the first case, setting out with an appro-
priation for the improvement of the western rivers, com-
mencing at^ the Gulf of Mexico, and embracing the Mis-
sissippi, Ohio, Missouu, and Arkansas, transfers its opera-
tion by a sms>h> leap to the theatre of the northern lakes, nnd
makes large appropriations for the harbors on these lakes,
including some twenty or thirty in number, located at short
mteivals from Milwaukie.in Wisconsin,to Burlmgton in the
State of Vermont. '
Now, this was unwise, if not wrong. The rivers should
be permitted to stand upon their own merits, and so also
the lakes. They should not be made dependent upon each
other. The appropriations for them should not be placed in
such a relation, that either both must succeed, or both falL
There w ere thoM- who thoucht that a class of the rivers of
the West was entitled to the aid of this government, but w ho
were opposed to appropriating its re\enues for the
construction of h^bors on the lakes, and e converso. Gen-
tlemen were advis-ed of this bv the remarks made I13- the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhfh ] the other
day. and other gentlemen who spoke to the hill. Why, then
persist in continuing a forced and unnatural connexion be-
tween the tv o measures'? Was it notbetter that they should
be separated, and thus be permitted to stand or fall accord-
ing to their several merits, than to be continued in illicit
connexion'* It had already been charged by several gen-
tlemen, that the union of the two measures "is the result of
