542
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bargaining and log-rolling; that it was not only the
purpose to carry this bill in this way, but also
aa.eastern harbor bill in the same way. I speak plain-
ly: that an eastern and western bill, appropriating1, in the
aggregate, some $2,000,000, were to be carried through this
House, not from a regard to the intexefets of the country,
but by the force of bargain between the peculiar friends of
both. For one, Mr. JVicC. denied that he was in any wise
cognisant, or a party to such a contract.
It would be better that no appropriations should be made
at all, than that the revenues of the government, coming
from the sweat of the toiling multitude, should be thus
seized upon and distributed as the s>poil of conquest. The
corrupting influence of such a system of legislation would
be fatal to the purity of this body, and ultimately to the
liberties of the people. It would not even find an apology
in any partial benefits that might result from it.
He could not believe that such was the case, yet such
an apprehension seemed to be entertained; and that was
enough, of itself, to show the importance of separating the
appropriations for the rivers and lakes from each other. It
was all-important that the legislation of this body should be
vindicated from such injurious imputations. Otherwise, un-
sustained by the confidence of the people, it would chal-
lenge resistance, rather than command obedience.
Mr. McC. said, the truth ofthe last objection which he
had jnentioned was manifest. The appropriations contem-
plated by the bill were not only unequal, but they were
■unfair and unjust, when compared with the objects for
which they were intended.
The sum of one hundred thousand dollars was to he ap-
propriated for the improvement of the Ohio from Pittsburg
to Louisville—a distance of some 500 miles—whilst the
lower Ohio, the Mississippi, the Missouri, and the Arkan-
sas, embracing an aggregate navigation of at least seven
thousand miles, weru cut off'with the insignificant pittance
of $180,000. The result shows that, whilst the appropri-
ation for the upper Ohio was equal to $90,000 for each one
hundred miles, that for the loner Ohio, the Mississippi, the
Missouri, and the Arkansas, inclusive, i<? but $2,500 for the
same distances.
Again: from further examination, it would be found that
the sum proposed for the harbors on the lakes is still moie
disproportionate. It is $3.'i0.000; and, in many cases, the ap-
propriations are for harbors of no utility whatever. Some
of them, he believed, were ne\ er heard of except as objects
of public expenditure.
Mr. McC. said there was no reason for this inequality of
appropriation. The waters oi the lower Ohio, and" the
other stream1; which had been thus ied, as a step-
child, uLh crust, washed a double coast of some 14,000 mile*
in extent, and floated a commerce of untold value to the
country and to the world, while their navigation was in-
fected with the mo«t senou® d'tne^ers to life and property.
He supposed he would not be far from the true mark, when
he said that the interests involved in the na^ jgation of the
western rivers v. ere twice the value of those involved m
the navigation of the lakes; and that the losses upon the
former, inconsequence oi unsafe navigation, had occurred m
a still greater proportion
To acquiesce, therefore, in such a bill, would be like sell-
ing his birthright for a mess of pottle He could not, and
he would not, thus consent to compromise the rights of his
constituents, who were infinite!) more interested in the nav-
igation of the lower Ohio and Mississippi than they \\ ere in
the upper Ohio.
This.biil, h it should become a law, would subject the
country to taxation to the amount it appropriates, and the
people of Illinois would have to contribute their proportion
ofthe amount They would have to contribute their pro-
portion of near a million of dollars, whilst their share ofthe
sum to be distributed would be a more trifle—a meie pit-
tance. It was strange that so invidious a discrimination
should be made in favor of the Ohio above Louisville, when
there were the Wabash, the • Tennessee, and the umber-
land, with their rich freight^, discharging themselves into
the Ohio below. Forthese reasons, (not to say anything of
the objections which had been urged against the bill on
constitutional grounds,) he could not \ ote for it, but felt him-
self compelled to vote against it.
The SPKAKKR replied that the gentleman might make a
brief statement of his reasons, but the limit to which he
must eonfiin- himsell was very naitow
Mr. MeCLF-RNAN'D then proceeded to give some reasons,
amidst numerous calls to order.
The yt as and naj s were then taken on the passage of the
bill, as follows: ) eas 108, nnvs 7Q
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams. Raker. P.amard, Bower,
Bowlin, Jacob Brinkerhofi, "William J. Brow n, Jeiemioh
Brown, Uu/tington, Jeremiah K. ( ur\, ( anoll, rhilton,
Clinch, Clinton, Cullnmei, rranston. l)aiTa^h, RicJund D
Davis, Dickej, Douglas, jDunc.ut, hllis, hlmer, fish,
Florence, Foot, Foster, French, t)i<l(hna>, Willis (fuen,
B) jam Orem, (innnell. Hardin, Harper, ITav s, Henle\,'
Hoge, Huhbell, Hudson Washington Ilui.t* /nines 13
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingei^oll, livjn, Jameson. Jcnks, Perley
B Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, John 1' Kenned} .'Preston
King, Daniel P. King, Lebianch< , Leonard, L\un* A,t ( aus-
len, Met,lelland, McDowell, Melhame, V.ush, Mathews,
Edward J Morris, Joseph Morris, Morse, .Moselej, Nes,
Patterson, Pettit, Phcemx. Klisln U ! ottox, hmet\'i) Pot-
t-r, Pratt, Preston, Purdy, lturmev, < baric: M. Ri><d,
Relfe, Robinson. Rockwell, RodneV. Koger«. St. John,
Sample, Schenck, Lavtd L. Seymour, Sirr.ojic, Slidell, .Al-
bert Smith, Thomas tfimth, Caleb B. Smith, Stcemod,
Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Stiong, ^ummen,
Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tjlor, Vance, Yanrmter,
Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, Wethered, White, "U mthrop,
and William Wright—1 os
NA1S—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Barnnger, Ronton,
Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black, Bo\~d. Bren&le,
Brodhead, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Cathn, Reuben Ch.a-
man, Augustus A. Chapman, Choppell, Clmgman, Cob1.,
(.oles, Cross, Culiom, Dana, Daniel, John W Davi«. De-
berry, Delict, Dromgoole, Failee, Ficklm, Hale, Ham-
Haralson, Ilcrnck, Hopkins, Houston, Ilubard, Hun-
gerford, C. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones
Kirkpatrick, Lewis, Lucas, Maclaj, McC lernand,* MeCon-
nell, McKay, Newton, Norris, Owen, Farmenter, Payne
Kathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Rhett, Ritter, Roberts^ '
Thomas H: Seymour, Simpson,' John T. Smith, Robert
Smith, John Stewart, Stiles, Taylor, Thompson, Wheaton,
Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—72.
- So the bill was passed.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, when his name was called, rose
and said that, not being able to get the floor to give his rea-
sons for voting against this bill, he wished to state that the
objections urged by his colleague [Mr. McClerxaftd] to the
bill, with some others which he would have stated, induced
him to vote against it.
Mr. DUNCAN moved a reconsideration; and on that he
moved the previous question; which was sustained bv the
House.
Before the vote was taken on the reconsideration,
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were handed to
the reporters by the members presenting them:
By Mr. FISH: The petition of William Depeur, relative
to the duty on Canary wines, and praying a reduction
thereof.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Augustus Bradford, for an
addition of pension: referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
By Mr. RELFE: The petition of fifty-six inhabitants of
Cape Girardeau, Missouri asking Congress to establish a post
route from Nashville, Tennessee, by Golconda, Illinois, and
the city of Cape Girardeau to Springfield Missouri: referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
By Mr. RITTER: The proceedings of a meeting held
in Reading, Pennsylvania, without distinction of party, pro-
testing against any alteration of the piesent tariff.
By Mr. ABBOTT: The petition of William Bradstreet,
praying for an allowance of the bounty on the fishing
schooner Mary, of Newburvport.
By Mr. JAMES BLACK: Four petitions signed by 92
citizens of Cumberland and Perry counties, Pennsylvania,
praying Congress that the four companies of horse artillery
now in service be restored to a peace establishment of one
hundred men each, rank and file: referred to the Military
( ommittee. Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Cum-
berland county, Pennsylvania, against any alteration m the
present tariff: referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. .McCLELLAND withdrew from the files the
petition of Wm Champc, and the other heirs of Sergeant
Major John Champe, for compensation lor services per-
formed during the revolutionary war; and the same was
relerred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. ST1LKS: The memorial fiom the masters and
owners of vessels and steamboats navigating the Savannah
river, praying the creetionof additional beacons and buoys
in said river: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. DAVIS of Indiana: The testimony from the
Wnr Department, m support of the claim of James Lloyd
of Indiana, for an increase of pension as a wounded marine:
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr STEWART of Pennsylvania: Several memorials
from Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the passage of the
tariffbill reported bv the Committee of Wavs and Means
and deprecating any charge in the existing system.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 2a, 1844.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial from A.
Houghton, and 2G other citizens, of Sangamon
county, Illinois, against the annexation of Texas:
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a memorial from
Samuel P. Strickland, and 216 other citizens of
Bangor, Maine, without distinction of party, in
favor of the annexation of Texas to the Union.
The memorialists set forth as follows: "Believing that
the separate existence of Texas as an independent
nation would become troublesome, if not dangerous
to us; that in time it become estranged, and hostile,
and perhaps allied with foreign nations with whom
we might be at war, and that even in peace nil our
great interests must suffer from unequal competition,
and unfavorable diversions of its trade through
other channels; and believing that its incorporation
with us will give us a better boundary, that it will
add to our security and strength in war, and to our
navigation and commerce in peace, extending the
market for our manufacture?!, and increasing our in-
ternal trade, opening a wide fu-M for the adventu-
rous enterprise of our people, and securing similar,
if not equally important benefits as those derived
from the acquisition of Louisiana, which the wis-
dom of our fathers saw no cause for rejecting, and
which their descendants have never s^en cause to
regret:'1 referred to the committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a remonstrance of
sundry inhabitants of the county of Jefferson, New
York, against the passage of the tariffbill, reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means in the other
House: referred to the Committee on Finance.
AJso, a petition from the Chamber of Commerce
of the city of New York, praying that Congress
would establish a branch mint m that city; and set-
ting^ forth that foreign gold coin particularly is flow-
ing into that city extensively, and that the mer-
chants are unwilling to take the expense and risk of
transporting it to the mint at Philadelphia: referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Also presented a remonstrance of a large number
of persons, styling themselves inhabitants of Roch-
ester, New York, remonstrating against the annexa-
tion of Texas to the Union. Also, accompanying
the remonstrance, a paper said to have been circu-
lated with it, being a petition for the annexation,
and containing, in columns of names, such citizens
as are in favor of the annexation, with the right to
hold slaves, and such as are in favor, without that
right: referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating, in
strong terms, against the annexation of Texas to the
Union, both Jor want of constitutional power and
the inexpediency of the measure: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, presented a resolution signed by Caleb
Peirce, president, which was unanimously adopted
at a great democratic Tyler mass meeting held at the
large saloon of -&e Chinese Museum, on Saturday
evening last, resolving that they are decidedly in
favor of the reannexation of Texas to the United
States, and tendering to General Jackson and Presi-
dent Tyler the thanks of the meeting for the decided
stand which they have tak$h in reference to this
mportant and all-absorbing question. •
Also, other resolutions, adopted a few days ago by
citizens of Philadelphia, strongly commending the
course of President Tyler in regard to Texas, and its
annexation to the United States; and also compli-
mentary resolves in favor of General Jackson, the
Hon. R.J. "Walker, of the Senate, and William
Wilkins, Secretary of War, for the manner in which
they had favored the annexation: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr- B-, also presented two memorials from citi-
zens ofPennsylvania, in favor of the continuation
of the present tariff: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
M r. UPHAM presented resolutions adopted at a
public meeting held in Lunenburg, Vermont, on the
4th of April, against the annexation of Texas to the
United States, by treaty or otherwise, as dangerous
to the stability of the Union: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial pur-
porting to be numerously signed by owners of ves-
sels and steamboats on the lakes, setting forth the
want of a harbor on the west side of Lake Michigan,
and asking for an appropriation for the construction
of one at Sheboygan: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back withoutame:ndment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, bill from the House sup-
plementary to the act for the relief of Elizabeth
Gresham.
Also, from the same committee, made an adverse
report on the petition ot William J. Moody; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
On motion of Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further consider-
ation ofthe petition in behalf of Mrs. Green; and it
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr._EVANS, on leave, introduced a bill granting
a pension to James Duffey; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE gave notice that he would,
on to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill for the
better protection of the commerce on the lakes.
TREATY WITH TEXAS.
Mr. ARCHER remaiked that he understood that
an important executive communication had been re-
ceived; lie therefore moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business, with a
view of having that communication referred and or-
dered to be printed; the Senate to resume legislative
business m time to enable the honorable senator
from New 1 oik [Mr. Wright] to finish his re-
marks on the subject ofthe tariff.
The motion was agreed to, the galleries were, or-
dered to be cleared, and the doors of the Senate were
closed.
ed.
When the doors were opened, the Senate adjourn-
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mondai, April 21, 1844.
The journal having been read—
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the motion to reeonside rthe vote on pass-
ing the bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain [western] harbors and rivers. '
Mr. HOUSTON asked the general consent of the
