COftfcrRESSiONAli GLOBE.
House to take up the amendment of the Senate to
the bill giving the assent of Congress to the holding
of an extra session of the leislature of the Territory
of Iowa.
Mr. STEENEOD and others called for the or-
ders of the day.
Mr. CLINCH asked the general consent of the
House to introduce a bill to provide for the pay of
four companies of Georgia militia, who served in
the Indian wars.
Objections being made—
Mr. COBB moved to suspend the rules; but
The SPEAKER said that the motion was not in
order.
The SPEAKER again stated the question before
the House; when
Mr. BRINKERHOFF moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded—ayes 85, noes 48.
Mr. BARNARD asked if it was in order to move
to postpone the question.
The SPEAKER said that it was not.
The question on now putting the main question
was taken and decided in the affirmative; and
Mr. DICKINSON called for the yeas and nays;
which being ordered, the question was taken and
decided in the negative—yeas 73, nays 111, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Barringer, Belser,
Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Boyd,
Brodhead, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Catlm, Causin, Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clingman.
Cobb, Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Deberry, Dickinson,
Dronkgoole, Farlee, Grider, Hale, Hammett, Haralson,
Herrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes,
George W. Jones, Kirkpatrick, Lewis, Lucas. Maclay, Mc-
Clernand, McConnell, McKay, Edward J. Morris. Norns,
Parmenter, Payne, Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Rhett,
Ritter, Roberts, Russell, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons,
Simpson, John T. Smith, Stetson, John Stewart. Stiles,
Stone, Taylor, Thompson, Wheaton, "Williams, Woodward,
Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnard,
Benton, Bower, Bowlin, Brengle, Jacob Brmkerholf,
Milton Brown, Bufrington, Jeremiah E. Cary, Carroll, Chil-
ton, Clinch, Clinton, Collamer, Cranston. Dana, Darragh,
Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dellot, Dickey, Doug-
lass, Ellis, Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, French,
Giddings, Willis Green, Byram Green, Grinnell, Hardin,
Harper, Henley, Hoge, Hubbeil, Hudson, Washington
Hunt, Jamc* B Hunt, Charles I Ingersoll, Joseph R. In-
gersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson,
Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy, Preston King. Daniel
P. King, Labranche, Leonard, Lyon, McCauslen, McCbd-
laiid, McDowell. Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mathews. Joseph Mor-
ris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Owen, Pettit, Peyton, Phoenix,
Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Prati, Preston, Purdy,
Charles M Reed, Relic, Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney,
Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schcnck, Senter, Severance,
David L. Seymour, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Sptiju.t;, Sloenrod, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Strong,
Summers, Thornasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tjler, Vanee,
Vanmeter, Vinton, Wellor, Wentworth, YVethercd, White,
•Winthrop and William Wright—111.
GEORGIA MILITIA.
Mr. CLINCH, on leave, introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the settlement of the claims of the State of
Georgia, for the service of four companies of her
militia, in the years 1841,-'2; and it was read a
first and second time, and committed to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
EASTERN HARBORS AND RIVERS.
Mr. BARNARD rose and remarked, that the
House had just disposed of the western harbors
and rivers bill, and there was another bill relating'to
eastern rivers and harbors, which stood on the ques-
tion of its passage. He would inquire if it was
in order to move to take up that bill now for the
purpose of disposing of it.
The SPEAKER replied that it was not in order.
Mr. BARNARD then moved a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of moving to take up that
bill.
The SPEAKER replied that it would require a
vote of two-thirds.
Mr. BARNARD replied that the other bill had
been taken up by a vote of two-thirds; and he hoped
this would be taken up in the same way.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from New York,
and they were ordered; and resulted as follows:
yeas 105, nays 88.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams. Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Bidlack, Brengle. Brodhead, Milton Brown, Jere-
miah Brown, Buffmgton, Jeremiah E. Cary, Carroll, Cat-
lin, Causin, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman. Collamer. Cranston,
Dana, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Dellett. Dickey. Dunlap,
Ellis, Elmer, Farley, Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddings, Willis
Green, Byram Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin. Harper,
Hays, Hubbeil, Hudson, Washington Hunt. Cha* J Inger-
soll. Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson,
John P Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P King, McClel-
land, Mcllvaine, Marsh,, Edwattl J. Morns, Morse, Moseley,
JVIurphy, Newton, Betterson, Peyton, Phceiux, F.lisfra R.
Potter,. Emery D Potter, Pratt, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey,
Charles M. Reed, Ritter, Robinson, Rockwell, Rodney,
Rogers, St. John, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Spence, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Stiles, Strong,
Summers, Thornasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, Wethered, Wheaton, White,
Winthrop, William Wright, and Yost—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Belser, Benton,
James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin,
Boyd, Wm. J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinton, Cobb,
Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, John W.
Davis, Deberry, Dickinson, Dromgoole, Duncan, Ficklin,
Foster, French, Hale, Hammett, Haralson, Hcnlev, Holmes,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, rfungerford,
James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Andrew'Johnson, George
W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Kirkpatrick, Labranche,
Leonard, Lewis. Lucas, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, Mc-
Cleruand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Joseph
Morris, Nes, Norris, Owen, Payne, Pettit, Rathbun, David
S. Reid, Reding, Rhett, Roberts, Russell, T. H. Seymour,
Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith, Tbomas Smith, Robert
Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart, Stone, Taylor, Thompson,
Wentworth, Williams, Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright—
88.
So the rules were not suspended.
CLAIMS ON THE GOVERNMENT OF DENMARK.
Mr. NEWTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to inform this House what measures, if any. are now
in progress to obtain from the go's eminent of Denmark in-
demnity for three ships and their cargoes, sent by Commo-
dore John Paul Jones, in the year 1779, as pri7.es into Ber-
gen, and there surrendered by order of the Danish king to
the British minister, in obedience to the demand of that min-
ister; whether the treaty, concluded between our govern-
ment and Denmark, in 1830, in pursuance of which $650,000
were paid by Denmark to the government of the United
States, in satisfaction of all claims which had theretofore
been preferred by citi7ens of the United States on the gov-
ernment of Denmark, did. in lis execution, embrace* the
claim to indemnity for the aforesaid prizes sent by Commo-
dore John Paul Jones into Bergen; and, if not so included,
are the claimants to those prizes excluded bj the terms of
that treaty from further claim on the government of Den-
mark.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. McKAY rose, and stated Lliat he would now
make the motion of which he some days since
gave notice—that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for
the purpose of taking up the tariff bill; but first, that
there might be a full attendance, he would move a
call of the House.
The SPEAKER put the question; and the motion
was agreed to.
The roll being called, 189 members answered to
their names.
The names of the absentees being called, 6 others
answered, making in all 195 members present. Ex-
cuses were made for those who were absent, indi-
vidually; and the call being ended,
Mr. McKAY renewed his motion, that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up the
tariff bill; and on this motion he asked for the yeas
and nays, which were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 104, nays 94, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Belser, Benton,
James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Jacob
Brinkerhoft, Wm J. Brown, Burke, Buit, Caldwell, Cat-
lin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. < hapman, Chappell,
Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana. Daniel, John
W. Davis, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Elmei,
Ficklin, French, Byram Green, Hale, Hammett, Haralson,
Henley, Herrick. Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hu-
bard, Hubbeil, Hughes, Hnngerlord, James B. Hunt,
Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Labranche, Leon-
ard, Lewis, Lucas, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland,
McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Mathews,
Joseph Morris, Murphy, Norns, Owen, Pajne. Pettit,
Emery D Potter, Pratt. Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid,
Reding, Relfe. Rhett, Roberts", Robinson, St. John, Thos.
II. Seymour Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiles,
Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright—104
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Bsker, Barringer,
Barnard, Bidlack. James Black, Brengle, Brodhead, Milton
B.o^n, J Brown, Bnfiington, J. E. Carv, Carroll, Causin,
Chilton, Clinch, Clingman. Collamer, Cranston, Darragh,
Garrett Davis, Richard D Davis, Deberry Dellet, Dickey,
Dickinson, Ellis, Farlee, Fish, Florence/Foot, Foster. Gi'd-
dmgs, Willi-, Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper,
Hays, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J Ingersoll,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B Johnson.
John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King. Mcllvaine, MarOi, Ed-
word J. Morns, "Morse, Moseley. Nes. Newton, E'aimenter,
Patterson, Peyton, Phoenix, Kli«-ha R Potter. 1'ioston,
Ramsev. Charles M. Reed, Ritter, Rockwell, horne\,
Rogers, Russell, Sample, Schenck, Senter. Severance, Da-
vid L. Seymoui, Albeit Smith, John T. Smith. Caleb B.
Smith, Spence, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Summers,
Thornasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton,
Wethered, White, Williams, Winthrop, William Wright,
and Yost—94.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Wholes Mr."
Hopkins of Virginia in the chair.
Mr. KcKAY then moved that the committee take
up bill No. 213, entitled "A bill to modify and
amend the act entitled an act to provide revenue
from imports, and to change and modify existing
laws imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses," approved 30th August, 1842.
This motion being carried without a division, the
bill was taken up and read through.
The Clerk again read the first clause.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL then moved to strike
out, in the third line, the word "September," and
insert "January;" a.nd in the 4th line strike out the
word "four," and insert the word "five." This
clause, as reported, proposes that the bill shall take
effect from and after the 1st September next; and the
amendment proposes to fix the 1st January, 1845.
He said this alteration was necessary, that persons
engaged in commercial pursuits might have proper
notice of such a great change as this bill proposes to .
make.
Mr. OWEN proposed, at the outset of the de-
bate on this important subject—for all would admit
that it was an important subject—to speak to the
general principles of the bill, rather than to the
amendment, by which a change was proposed in the
period for the commencement of its operation.
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and remarked that
the parliamentary rule would confine the gentleman
to the question pending on the amendment; and
hence he should be under the necessity of limiting
the gentleman to that question, unless, by some ex-
pression of its opinion, the committee would assent
to a general debate of the principle involved in this
bill, and in the law which this bill proposes to
amend, at this time.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired what decision
the Chair made.
The CHAIRMAN replied that the Chair had
made no decision. He had simply remarked that
the parliamentary rule limited debate to the pending
question; but as general principles were usually
discussed in committee, and as they would be dis-
cussed on this bill, he thought, in justice to all par-
ties, the committee should determine what course
shonld now be pursued.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL concurred with the Chair
that it was advisable to have some expression of the
opinion of the committee on this subject.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said thai the whole sub-
ject would be thrown open by a motion to strike
out the first section of the bill.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS hoped the committee would
consent to open the debate at large now on this
bill, for it must come before it was got out of com-
mittee.
Mr. THOMPSON said if the object could be
accomplished thereby, he would move that the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Owen] have leave to pro-
ceed.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS said he also, if he could put
ft motion in any shape by which it could be done,
would test the sense of the committee on that point.
He hoped the debate would not be restricted.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL remarked that he must
say, but with no unkind feeling to any gentleman,
that if they did not go to the business of the House
at once—if they were to set there several weeks to
hear debates on the beauties of free trade, and the
merits of the protective system—where would be
the end of the matter? Let the committee address
itself to its business; let them go at once to the de-
tails of this bill, and there would be opportunities
sdfficient hereafter to discuss the principles which it
involved.
Mr. OWEN asked the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania if, in the course of his legislative experience,
he had ever known the course pursued which he
now suggested. Had he ever known such a bill dis-
cussed on its details, without the discussion becom-
ing general on its principles.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he had heretofore
contended that, in the Committee of the Whole,
they could say what they pleased: but he desired to
have a decision from the Chair.
Mr. HARDIN inquired if it was in order to move
to strike out the first section.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said, since the opinion of the
committee was desired, he begged leave to say a
word or two. He concurred with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that the merits of the bill the
propriety or impropriety of high or low duties-
could not properly be discusscd on the simple
question involving the time when this bill should
