544
coNcmt&sJONAjL atom-
take effect. He hoped therefore that the parliamen-
tary rule would be adhered to, and that a protracted
debate would not be gone into on the question
whether this bill should take effect on the 1st Sep-
tember, or the 1st January next. He believed
the time designated by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was the proper time; but after that question
had been decided, the very first question which
would arise on the first section would be a proposi-
tion to change, and modify, and reduce existing du-
ties; and that would open the whole debate on the
principle of the bill, and whether the duties to be im-
posed should be restricted to revenue, or be so im-
posed as to operate to the protection of manufac-
tures. The first section of the bill proposed that,
after the first day of September next, the duties im-
posed under and by virtue of the act of 1842, "upon
the various articles in the said act named, shall be
changed, modified, and reduced in manner follow-
ing:" when that came up, debate would be in order;
and, for the sake of regularity, he hoped that the
question on the motion-of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania would be first taken without discussion.^
Mr. OWEN expressed his willingness to yield
the floor for the disposition of the pending question.
Mr. McKAY hoped the committee %vould consent
to take the course suggested by his friend from Vir-
ginia, as the next item would bring up the merits of
the bill. If, however, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had waited a little, he wduld have found that
he (Mr. McK.) would have submitted a motion to
change the day fixed on in the bill either to the first
of January or the first of July.
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL remarked that
he was not aware of any such intention on the part
of the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. McKAY said he did not complain. He
then stated some reasons why the committee had
fixed the day mentioned in the bill; and added that
he was of opinion that when radical changes were
made in the duties imposed on imports, a reasonable
time should be allowed to merchants, importers, and
other parties whose interests were involved, to ac-
eommodate'their business to the altered system, for
the orders for the fall business would be given be-
fore the Jst September; and the committee would
recollect that a very early day was fixed for the act
of 1842 to go into operation.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said every one knew
that act was a vital one to the income of the United
States; and hence it was necessary that it should go
into immediate operation.
Mr. McKAY said whatever was the reason, the
fact was as he had stated; and the merchants were
enabled thereby to put large sums of money into
their pockets. This he desired in future to avoid.
He had received information from various import-
ing merchants, which showed that they preferred
either the 1st July or the 1st of January to the day
named in the bill; and he was willing to name the
1st January.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS did not think this was the
proper period to fix the day on which the bill should
go into operation. It might be so modified that he
should not care to see it in operation before the
year 1900. Before he voted on such a question, he
should like to see what the bill was to be; but what
it would be before it came out of committee none
could tell. It would depend upon its complexion,
when it came out of committee, whether it, would
receive his vote to go into operation at all.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL thought, the best mode
would be to move to strike out the day fixed, and*
leave the period a blank in the bill, to be filled up
by the committee before it reported the bill to the
House.
Mr. HARDIN made an observation which was
not distinctly heard.
Mv. McKAY moved to amend the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, by inserting the
1st of July next.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. What! the 1st of July
next'
Mr. McKAY replied in the affirmative.
Mr. RHETT hoped the bill would be made to
conform to the suggestion and motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina. His principle was, that
by this bill the people should be relieved, and not
simply the merchant and manufacturer.
He made some observations enforcing his views
on this question; observing that he was for the short-
est period, so that the people might have the earliest
relief.
Mr. PETT1T said it seemed to him that both
sides of the House would vote for the shortest time.
That side of the House with which he voted, held
that low duties operated as a'relief to the people, in-
asmuch as it cheapened goods; and therefore his
friends would vote for the shortest period, if they de-
sired honestly to carry out their principles. He
should go for the earliest period.
Mr. WINTHROP, as the representative of a
large constituency deeply interested in both foreign
and domestic commerce, felt bound to protest against
the motion of the chairman , of the Committee of
Ways and Means. He was not the representative of
the manufacturing interest of this country, but he rep-
resented a city which owned one-tenth of the tonnage
of the country; and in behalf of his constituents he
protested against any measure which would occasion
such sudden and destructive fluctuations. A bill to
alter the rates of duties on imports in one short
month would be a gross outrage, for he could des-
ignate it by no softer term.
Mr. D. H. LEWIS said the committee were in-
volved in a difficulty which he had never before wit-
nessed They had gone into Committee of the
Whole on an important bill which had been which
had been lying upon the table of the House, he be-
lieved, for nearly nine weeks; and without any ex-
amination of tl^e bill itself, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] rose in hi3 place,
and without any expression of his views in regard
to it—without stating whether he was in favor of or
against it, proposed that the bill go into operation on
the first day of January next. He had never before
seen such a motion made so long as he had held a
seat in Congress. What did the House know
about the bill? There had been no discussion upon
it. There had been no examination of its details.
It would be time enough when they had perfected
the bill in all its details, to fix to fix the time for its
commencement. But the gentleman, by a singular
freak, to the groat embarrassment of the committee,
made it the very first question to lie determined.
He hoped the gentleman would see the pro-
priety of withdrawing his motion, and of al-
lowing the committee first to examine into the
propriety of passing the bill, and then it
would be time enough to determine when it
shall go into operation. But the gentleman
who was the peculiar representative of the com-
mercial district of Massachusetts, declared that the
question was sprung upon the country by the prop-
osition that the bill should go into operation as early
as the first of September—a period of about six
months from the time of the introduction of the bill.
He recollected very well when the bill which in-
creased the tariff and imposed additional burdens
upon the people was in the course of passage, though
it increased the rate of duties in some cases from six
to two hundred per cent., there was but six weeks'
grace allowed; and here, when they were preparing
to reduce the rate of duties, and thereby relieve the
people from their burdens, they were told that six
months was springing the question upon them._ He
was decidedly opposed to fixing any more distant
day than the one named in the bill. If the bill was
a good bill to begin in January, it was still better to
begin in September!
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he should certain-
ly not withdraw his amendment. Freak through
it was, he would not abandon the freak. And he
would tell the gentleman why. He would venture
to say that, if the votes of the State of New York,
that great commercial emporium, could be taken
upon the. question, there would be mncteen-twen-
tieths of that anti-tariff State for giving due and
timely notice of the commencement of the opera-
tion of such n tremendous engine ns this.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the gentleman tell me why
he thinks it is so'
Mr. INGERSOLL said, certainly; it was this:
unles they gave their merchants an oppoiiunity of
regulating their business in accordance with the
laws passed by Congress, speculators, foreigners,
all those persons for whom he presumed they were
not legislating, would have a vast advantage over
them. If there was a single merchant or manufac-
turer whose interests could be fairly served by a
reasonable postponement of the operation of this
bill, he would never consent to abandon the freak
by which he pronosed its postponement.
Mr. LEWIS said he thought he, could give a
better reason: if the merchant of New York were in
favor of continuing the present tariff until January,
it was that they might continue, for six months lon-
ger to impose high prices upon the people of this
country.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he had letters in his
^ some of which he had received as long
 when the bill was first reported, representing
that the time proposed—viz: the first of September—
was the most unfavorable time that could be fixed
upon for its commencement, because it would be in
the midst of the fall trade.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said it was certainly true, in
■ his opinioVi, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Ingersogl] had stated, that September was an
unfavorable period for the commencement of thft
operation of a tariff bill. It should commence about
the middle of July, or else in th  middle of winter.
He was willing that it should be fixed at the first
of July, or even sooner; for the sooner relief was
extended to the people of the country, the better.
Mr. McKAY said he hoped this debate would not
be prolonged. He had himself received letters rep-
resenting that it would be injurious to the commer-
cial interests, if it were to go into operation on the
first of September. For himself, he was indifferent
whether the time should be fixed a few months
earlier or later. The committee had been governed
by former legislation on the same subject. He
would propose, as an amendment to the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to fix the first
day of July.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL remarked that it would
possibly be impracticable that the bill should go into
operation on the first day of July, allowing a fair
time for its consideration, both in the House and in
the Senate. He thought, however, it would be bet-
ter not to fix upon any specific day, until the merits
of the bill had been discussed.
Mr. PAYNE said he was in favor of the earliest
day that could be fixed upon, on which the bill
could go into operation. He had yet to learn why
it was that, after gentlemen had enjoyed the benefits
of the law which they had passed some time since,
and which went into operation with so much haste,
they had any right to come forward and ask that
the operation of a bill to he now passed, should be
postponed. But perhaps he was not entitled to
take this ground; for one of the gentlemen who pre-
ceded him intimated that the South had no right to
interfere with the subject. The South had an in-
terest in every American question, and in this one
ho apprehended that the South had as much, if not
more interest, than any other portion of the Union.
He would take the liberty of making one other re-
mark, that if it were not for the direct interest of
gentlemen on that floor when the bill of 1842 was
passed, it would never have become a law. Gen-
tlemen who were putting money in their own pock-
ets by means of that bill—
The CHAIRMAN observed that the question
before the House was, as to the time when the bill
should go into operation.
Mr. PAYNE proceeded. He admired the mod-
esty of gentlemen in warning the South against in-
terfering with the business of the country. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. WiN3Hrop]
had intimated that it was necessary to give notice to
commercial men who may have ordered ^ their
shipments. He did not suppose that any individu-
al engaged in commerce, who had ordered his goods,
could be injuriously affected by a modification of
the tariff, which would admit those goods at a
lower rate. He did not think they would be
obliged to the gentleman for the apology he had
made for them. On the contrary, they would
thank the House for letting in their goods at a
cheaper rate than under the robbing, plundering
system winch would be superseded by this act.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS said that he was opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina,
on the ground that it would force this bill too soon
into operation; but he must admit that the amend-
ment was consistent with the whole spirit of the
bill. The tariff act of 1842, which this bill proposes
materially to change, was callcd for by the imme-
diate and pressing necessity of the country—a di-
minished treasury, and the prostitute condition of
the industry of the country. The expenditures of
the got ernment were exceeding its income, the
currency was deranged, commerce and manufac-
tures were languishing, and all the industry of the
country was embarrassed. Was that a time for
delay' Was that a time for doubt? "Was that a
time for standing still, and paying no attention to the
voice of the country calling for relief? No, sir; the
bill was passed in August, to take effect in Septem-
ber, and what was the result? Why, they saw the
whole condition of the country changed. Com-
merce was advancing; manufactures were flourish-
ing; the revenues of the government were increas-
