558
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
•Annexation of Texas—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
people upon our countrymen, and relations, and
friends. Nor are these the only remarkable char
acteristics of the debates and proceedings of the Sen-
ate-upon this great question. The President of the
United States (the constitutional mouthpiece and
negotiator of our government with foreign powers)
has been charged, in the hearing and presence'of
those foreign powers, with fraud, with bad faith,
with insulting England, and with involving the
country in a war—an unjust and an unconstitutional
war with a friendly power! And to gratify our
resentments against Kim, and to establish these great
allegations, however it may militate against the in-
terests and reputation of our country, we have pub-
lished to the world, by order of the Senate, the se-
cret and confidential correspondence of our own
fovernment with Texas, with Mexico, and with
Ingland. And upon the controverted points in the
correspondence, we have espoused the side of Mex-
ico and England against our own country. We
have gone further: we have published the secret
and confidential orders of our own government to
our own army and navy, by which, if it were pos-
sible, both the army and navy would be betrayed
into the hands of our enemies. These, sir, are
points accompanying our refusal of the acceptance
of Texas, which I have thought it my duty to place
prominently before the public; and having dis-
charged that duty, I will now proceed to notice the
objections which have been urged against the rati-
fication of this treaty, and will endeavor to show
that they are wholly iknciful, trivial and unsubstsn-
tial.
The first and principal objection, which, if well
founded, would supersede the necessity of any
other, is the want of constitutional power on the
part of the United States to accept the cession of any
foreign territory. It is contended that Congress
has no right to admit a State into the Union, unless
such State shall consist of territory owned by the
United States at the time of the adoption of the federal
constitution. It is also stated that Texas has no
right to annihilate herself by a cession of her sover-
eignty to the United States. it is not my purpose,
sir, to follow the learned doctors through the mazes
and labyrinths through which, on these points, they
have travelled. The constitutional power of the
United States to accept of a cession of foreign ter-
ritory, and to admit such territory into the Union
as a State, has been settled in the analogous eases
of Louisiana and the Floridas. The matured opin-
ions of Mr. Jefferson and Mr Madison, of the
Supreme Court of the United States, and Chief
Justice Marshall, and of Justice Story; the opinions
of Mr. Adams, Mr. Clay, of General Jackson, and
Mr. Van Buren, and other distinguished gentlemen
of the United States, Mr. Webster included; and the
opinions of Congress in the cases referred to, and
reaffirmed on the admission of Missouri and Arkan-
sas into the Union, have sufficiently settled the con-
stitutional power of the United States to accept of the
cession of a foreign power—for the quiet and repose,
at least, of my conscience. The opinions given by
Mr. Van Buien in his recentTexas letter, upon this
point, I hold to be unanswerable. But, sir, if 1
entertained the opinion that the cession of a foreign
territory to the United States was unconstitutional;
if I had the unconquerable aversion to the existence
of slavery that those gentlemen have, and was as
agonized as they are with such powerful constitu-
tional scruples upon this question, I would vise
in my place, and introduce some proceedings
by which the intruding, interloping senators from
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri, should be ex-
pelled from the Senate chamber. I would drive
from the House of Representatives the members
from those States, and the delegates from Iowa and
Florida. I would strike from the appropriation bills
every dollar of public expenditure in those quar-
ters. By such efficient proceedings! as these, these
conscious gentlemen can test the validity of their ob-
jections, consummate a desirable object, and acquire
immortality and glory; and, in such a ciusade, they
will doubtless have the honor of the aid and support
of those distinguished southern senators who never
desert them on any public question.
But Texas has no right to cede herself. If a man
has the right to cede a pan of his estate, it would
seem to follow, as a consequence, that he had the
right to cede the whole. Sir, he has studied the
history of the world to but little effect—he knows
but little of our own history, or of the history of
Mexico, or of Europe, if examples do not occur to
him of the incorporation of one sovereign power
into that of another, by force and some-
times voluntarily. The incorporation of Ireland and
Scotland into that of England are examples. Ex-
amples are to be found in the extension of the Ro-
man empire. We have had such examples in the
history of our own confederation, and have seen
them in Mexico. This difficulty (if that can be
called a difficulty which is too absurd for logic, and
too metaphysically refined for common sense) has
been settled by the authority of Vattel, which was
quoted by my friend from Illinois [Mr. Biieese] the
other day. Such doctrine as is contended for by
those gentlemen would contradict and subvert the
popular theory of this country, which is, that the
people have the right to modify their form of gov-
ernment, to change it, or abolish it, whenever, in
their wisdom, it may seem to them desirable to
do so.
Another objection to the ratification of this treaty
is, that Texas never did belong to the United States.
To establish this immaterial position, wc have been
favored with much historical learning, for the pur-
pose of showing that, prior to 1811), Texas rightfully
belonged to Spain. Others, less zealous, contend
that, though Texas proper belonged to the United
States, it never readied to the Rio del Norte. Now,
sir, in my views of this question, these are immate-
rial facts. I care not what Texas was; all that I de-
sire to know is, what Texas now is. Whatever
may have been her boundary in past times; to
whatever government she may have owed allegiance
or belonged, her boundary now is upon the Grand
River of the North, and she is a free republic; and
being free, she has the right to connect her destinies
with ours.
But, were it material to show that Texas right-
fully belonged to the United States by the treaty of
1803, 1 luu c the vanity to believe that I could es-
tablish it, to the satisfaction of every impartial mind.
I have now before me Stoddard's History of Louisi-
ana; it is a standard work, and is often quoted in
our courts of justice as good authority, and partic-
ulaily upon the subject of land titles, upon which he
has devoted a chapter. This learned author estab-
lishes the boundary of Louisiana, within which he
includes Texas; and he refers to many authorities,
French, Spanish, and Prussian, to sustain his posi-
tions. He bounds Louisiana on the south by the
Gulf of Mexico, and on the west partly by the Rio
Bravo, and partly by the Mexican mountains, &c.
I will not detain the Senate by reading his very in-
teresting chapter upon this subject. Any gentleman
can examine it for himself; and when he does, he
will be satisfied that Texas was a part of Louisi-
ana, and, of consequence, belonged to the United
States by the treaty of 1803, and extended to the
Rio del Norte, until ceded away by the treaty of
1819. But all this partakes more of a curious and
inteiesting historical detail than of any utility in the
settlement of the present, question. Stripping, there-
fore, the opponents of this treaty, of this objection,
I will pass on to others, without dwelling longer
upon this.
It is said that we ought not to ratify this treaty,
because we agree to give ten millions of dollars for
Texas, which, in their estimation, is more than it is
worth; that sixty-seven of the two hundred and
three millions of acies included in Texas, has al-
ready been disposed of by the republic of Texas;
and that, by the terms of this treaty, if these claims
are recognised as valid by Texas, we agree to affirm
these land titles; and that the mnainder of the pub-
lic domain, which is one hundred and thirty odd
millions of acres, is of little value, and will not pay
the ten millions which we agree to pay for Texas.
I am not good at arithmetic, but 1 know enough of
mathematics to know that these apprehensions are
entirely unfounded. The public domain of Texas
will pay off a dozen such debts. But. if we were to
pay tenor twenty millions of dollars for Texas, and
had not a foot of public land, otiTof which to obtain
remuneration, the custom-house, in yny one of her
dozen ports, would soon absoib it. This will be ob-
vious to any leOecting mind. The people of Texas
themselves, through the unseen and mysterious reg-
ulations of commerce, will pay this debt. Hence,
I repeat, that if we ratify this treaty. we get Texas
gratuitously. But, sir, 1 do not restrict my value of
Texas to the standard of dollars and cents only.
I estimate her by other considerations; by her
military position, her commercial consequence, her
valuable productions, and as a theatre for activity,
enterprise, and for the extension and preservation
of our free principles, and as a home for our coun-
trymen and their descendants; and, lastly, I want
no Carthage so .near the gates of Rome, Estimated
by these standards of value, how supremely insig-
nificant is the objection that, by the ratification of
this treaty, we raise the value in the hands of spec-
\ilators and brokers of Texian securities, and the
value of the land of her large landed' proprietors !
But certain senators appear to think that the debts
of Texas will exceed ten millions of dollars, and
that the United States, if they would discounte-
nance repudiation, must take Texas with these con-
jectural liabilities. This conclusion is drawn by
those gentlemen by discrediting-, without anjr other
authority than their imaginations, ,the official in-
formation of that republic as to her liabilities, and
by considering her dishonest. Upon such calcula-
tions as theae, founded upon such data, and in con-
tradiction of unquestionable testimony, I shall be
pardoned for passing over them without comment.
The uncertainty of the sum to be paid was not con-
sidered a valid objection in the Florida treaty. It
is thought to be very unbecoming in us, with this
ten millions, to pay the debts of Texas, when we
will not pay the debts of the States. Until Texas
shall be ours—until Texas shall become a State of
this Union, and get in debt, and that debt shall be
paid by the United States,—until all these things
shall happen, there can be no analogy in the cases.
Some senators have supposed that the acquisition of
Texas will injure the southern Atlantic States, by
diawing oil' their population, and, consequently, by
diminishing the value of the landed estates. Will
these things come to pass?
Jn the great southwest, on the banks of the Mis-
sissippi river, and on the banks of hundreds of
other navigable streams, we have thousands and tens
of thousands of the finest lands in the world, which
are unoccupied and unsold; and yet I have not
heard of the depopulation of any southern State, by
these very tempting inducements to emigration. I
believe the census leturns will show that they arc
not yet in a decaying condition. Will their popu-
lation, upon the acquisition of Texas, go farther, and
fare no better? These landed estates will not be
diminished in value, unless, without a purchaser,
they arc abandoned by the owneis. Is such a re-
sult probable? But, if the owner of such an estate
can better his condition by doing so, (and <?f that he
must judge,) would it not be unkind, unfriendly,
and cruel to prevent him? If, however, State pol-
icy, after all, should require it, cannot some of those
able lawyers devise, in their wisdom, some mode,
without rejecting this treaty, by which the evils,
arising from emigration can be prevented? Would not
imprisonment, or a ne exeat, or some such kindred
proceeding answer the purpose? Being, sir, occa-
sionally a little fond of fun, I should like most
amazingly, upon such a question, to witness the ju-
dicial experiment.
But passing from the laughable to the grave, from
comedy to tragedy, I will now consider the war ob-
jection to this treaty, upon which e\ery "Homer
has sung his iliad."' It is said that Texas and
Mexico are at war; and that, if we ratify this treaty,
we adopt this war; an adoption, which it is said, the
President and Senate have no constitutional power
to make. The Piesident cind Senate, or either scp-
erately, have no constitutional power to declar war
against Mexico, or any other power; nor have
cither or both ever protended to do so, or in any
wise claimed such authority.
The President, in his character of commander-in-
chief of the army and navy, has the constitutional
power to order the army to any point within the
limits of the United States, and to direct the navv to
cruise in any sea where, m his judgment, the inter-
est of the country may require their sei vices. 77* is
he has done, and this is all that he has done. This
he has done without consulting either the Senate or
House of Representatives; and this he had the right
to do, without consulting either. The President has
declared no war against Mexico. The President
and Senate, under the constitution, have the right to
make treaties with foreign powers, out of which,
without consulting the House of Representatives,
a war may originate. A denial of such a power to
the President and Senate would be a denial of their
right to make any treaty upon any subject with any
power. If no treaty can be made which may, in its
construction, lead to war, no treaty cau ever be
made, for any of them may terminate in such a re-
sult. The President is the constitutional organ of
the nation with foreign powers, and has the unques-
tioned right to give instructions to our ministers
abroad; and, in the discharge of such duty, by an
error of judgment, it mijht so happen that he might
direct one of our ministers* nt i\ foreign court to do
