June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
28th Cong..... 1st Sess.
Annexation ef Texas—Mr. Sevier.
Senate.
something which might give offence, and from which
a war might follow; and yet no one will deny that
he possesses the constitutional power to give such
order. Here is war brought upon us without con-
sulting Congress, and yet the President has not ex-
ceeded the limits of his powers.
These distinctions I hold to be well founded, and
by them I propose to test this question. The Pres-
ident and Senate make a treaty with Texas, by
which Texas ceases to be an independent power,
and becomes a part of the United States. At the
time this treaty is made, Texas and Mexico are
said to be at war. Is this treaty a declaration of
war on the part of the United States against Mexi-
co? Certainly not. The President and Senate
have the right to make this treaty; but the President
arid Senate have no right to declare war, nor haye
they done so; nor has it been so considered, either
by Mexico or the United States. The trade and
commerce between the two countries have not been
interrupted by it, norjias the diplomatic intercourse
between the two countries ceased. Is this treaty,
under the circumstances, cause for war? That is
a different question. We think not; yet Mexico
may think differently; and may or may not declare
war against us. Should Mexico do so, it will te
the duty of the Congress of the United States to
provide, as they will do, for such a state of things.
There being no war declared against her, has Mex-
ico, in consequence of this treaty, any just cause of
war? I think net. The locality of Texas, the anti-
Spanish character of her population, her indepen-
dent political condition, and her age and maturity
as a republic, and the total inability of Mexico to
subdue her, would seem to me to afford considera-
tions sufficiently strong and conclusive to justify
the United States in making this treaty, without
giving just cause of offence to Mexico. In] 714,
the Spaniards, for the purpose of obliterating
the title of the French to that country, created,
on the east side of the Rio del Norte, the prov-
ince of Texas, within which, at that time,
there was not a single inhabitant. Upwards of one
hundred years after the creation of this province, it
was nearly as destitute of inhabitants as it was at
the time of its creation. It was then settled by citi-
zens of the United States, and became one of the in-
dependent States of the republic of Mexico. The
political condition of Texas in the Mexican con-
federacy of States, resembled the condition of one of
the States of this federal Union. Afterwards, Santa
Anna, a military usurper, overthrew the constitu-
tion of Mexico, and succeeded in subjugating to his
sway all the States of Mexico, except Texas. Texas
adhered, with scrupulous fidelity, to the federal con-
stitution of Mexico, which she had sworn to sup-
port. Of all the States of that republic, she alone
was faithful. The constitution of the country being
destroyed by the dictator, and the independence of
the States being subjugated to his central system,
Texas declared her independence, and consecrated
and established it by her valor on the bloody field
of San Jacinto. This was in 1836. Since that time
to the present, with the exception of two or three
thieving, robbing expeditions, the foot of an invader
has not polluted Tier soil. And yet we are told that
there is still war between Texas and Mexico; that
Texas is yet an insurrectionary province of Mexico;
and that, if we ratify this treaty, we adopt this war.
If this be war, it is certainly a very good natured,
innocent, and harmless one. It is a war without
fighting, or battles, or military display; and so very
ignorant is Texas of the existence of a war with
Mexico, that she has long since disbanded her
army, and sold her navy "at auction. If this
is the war that we adopt by ratifying this treaty, it
is an adoption that will give no glory to the hero, or
responsibility to the statesman. Sir, if I did know
that the Senate was a body too grave for joking, T
should consider this war-pry a mere piece of amus-
ing wit and irony. Yet, sir, these cries of war,
these appeals to the pride of Mexico, and the elo-
quent and stirring speeches upon her wrongs and
insults, may have the effect of making that war,
which, at present, does not exist. When Mexico is
told, that she has been wronged and insulted by us,
it is probable that she may credit the statements of
her friends, and act upon their suggestions.
Sir, objections to this treaty are founded upon the
orrespondence. The correspondence is represented
as being most horribly bad; as originating, not upon
the expressed will of the people, but upon the false-
hood of an anonymous scribbler; and as dwelling so
exclusively upon the one idea of negro slavery, as
to drive off from the support of the treaty, as was
intended, all of the northern senators. To these ob-
jections I answer, that I have never read the corres-
pondence but once, and that I never expect to read it
again. - That I regard the correspondence upon the
subject of this treaty as being as useless to the merits
of the treaty itself, as I do the scaffolding to a build-
ing after it is completed. And so far from the corre-
spondence driving off from the support of the treaty
the senators from the free States, I imagine that all
of them, who were for the treaty before they saw
the correspondence, are for it still. The distinguish-
ed senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Wood-
bury,] the senators from Illinois,, and from Pennsyl-
vania, were for it at first, and are for it still. They
have availed themselves of no such apology for vo-
ting against it. But the people were not consulted
before this important negotiation was begun. Weie
they consulted by Mr. Jefferson, when he purchased
Louisiana? Were they consulted by Mr. Monroe,
when he purchased the Ploridas? Were they ever
consulted about a*treaty, at any time, by any admin-
istration? No, sir, they were not. But I am most
happy to find, sir, that these honorable senators,
who ordinarily pay so little regard to the wishes of
the people, (unless those wishes should accord with
their own,) are willing, at last, to turn their eyes in
the proper direction. 1 nope that, if the people,
who have not been consulted about it, should now,
when they understand it, speak out in favor of the
treaty, their wishes upon the subject will not be
disregarded by these gentlemen.
Sir, we are told that this treaty should be rejected,
because Mr. Upshur, in one of his despatches, had
the indelicacy to count the vote of the Senate upon
a treaty. And is this counting of the vote of the
Senate, upon any great question, so very novel and
surprising as to excite the indignation of any one?
' 1 had supposed, with the curious or interested, that
nothing was more usual. I find in a late paper, that
the British minister, in one of his late speeches in
Parliament, seemed also to have formed the idea
that, in the Senate, questions were decided by ma-
jorities. Sir, it was my misfortune to have known
but little of the late Secretary. I never had an
hour's conversation with him, and never a
word upon the subject of Texas. His esti-
mate of the vote of the Senate, upon a cession
of Texas to the United States, is about the estimate
that 1 myself should have formed. I should have
counted for the treaty, of course, every democrat
and every whig from a slave State; and these, adding
them together, would make about the number of
Mr. Upshur's estimate. But this is not the only un-
pardonable sin which he committed. It is stated,
and repeated again and again, in terms of reproach,
that Mr. Upshur- degraded his office and his country
by making overtures to Texas. Well, sir, as we
had refused to receive Texas into the Union upon
her application, it was quite proper and becoming in
Mr. Upshur, in my judgment, as the representative
of the stronger power, and the power to be bene-
fited by this treaty, to make this overture. I
can see nothing to censure in this proceeding.
I cannot, ill my conscience, find fault with him
for it, and regret that any one docs. But he
has still further disgraced the country by threat-
ening Texan; by telling her if she did not yield to
our overtures, that she would be ground to powder
between "the upper and the nether millstone." Pool-
Texas! how she must have trembled at this terrible
language from the American Secretary!—how she
must ho\c quailed at hearing this diplomatic thun-
der! Sir, this language of the Secretary was the
language of truth and love; it was the language of
the friend and parent to his child; and in that spirit
it was undeistood #.nd received by Texas.
This treaty, wc arc told, should be rejected be-
cause it is exclusively a southern measure—a meas-
ure palpably designed to extend the institution of
slavery, and to protcft, it by strengening the south-
ern section of the Union, and to violate, in spirit, the
act fpon the subject of the r-hive trade. These are
said to be disturbing projects, and calculated to
hazard the integrity of the Union, and en that ac-
count should not be tolerated by an American Sen-
ate, These gentlemen deny that England intends to
interfere wiih slavery in this country. They deny
that England entertains hostile intentions against our
domestic policy. They deny it in the face of her
public avowal that she is the advocate of its abolition
throughout the world. That England is actuated
by any motive of humanity upon this subject, or by
any particular affection for the negro, or by any
other motive than that of interest, 1 cannot readily
briicvo. Having, in an evil hour, in a propitiator/
submission to bigotry and fanaticism, abolished
slavery in her dominions, and having learned from
the returns of the books of the custom-house the
bitter fruits of her folly; having depopulated her fair
fields, and degraded tlie negro, and impoverished the
planter, she now turns round upon the other powers,
and by the double process of coaxing and discrimi- •
nating duties, is endeavoring to induce them to imi-
tate her example. She has discovered from expe-
rience that free labor, under a southern sun, cannot
compete with slave labor. To provide employment,
therefore, for her starving millions, and to repossess
herself of the monopoly of the productions - of a
southern climate, it is her policy to make a vacuum,
by the abolition of slave labor, for the employment
of free labor. This is the principle and motive of
all her actions upon this subject. It is the principle
and motive of her American allies in this country.
The jealousy of abolition, at home or abroad, must
not be excited; its peculiar opinions must be touched
with delicacy and tenderness, or else the Union is
dissolved. We are admonished to beware of what
we may do upon every question touching slavery.
Abolition must be tolerated in insulting slavehold-
ers, and in assailing the compromises in the consti-
tution, and in playing into the hand of a foreign
power; not that the evils of which they complain
can be be remedied in that way, but that they may
enjoy the petty gratification of annoying their south-
ern brethren and winning the favor of England.
Abolish slavery, and one race will exterminate the
other; abolish slavery, and you turn the South into a
desert, and destroy the commerce of the country.
Sir, it was a southern senator [Mr. Jaknagin]
who refreshed our recollections by introducing into
this discussion the act regulating the slave trade. It
was referred to, not that it showed that the introduc-
tion of slavery into this country was inhibited by
the constitution; not for the purpose of showing that
it was incompetent in Congress to repeal or modify
it, but because it might be used successfully as a
weapon against the ratification of this treaty. If the
incorporation of Texas into the United States would
add a single slave to the number, or prejudice the
condition of slavery, in any respect, I could readily
pardon the sympathizing friend of the negro (if"
there be any such in the ranks of abolition) for op-
posing this' treaty. It will have no such effect.
Slavery exists in Texas now; its existence is
secured by her constitution; and will exist there
whether Texas shall be independent or not. The
proprietor of a slave in Texas, where the lands are
fresh and fertile, is better able to provide for his
comforts than he can in a country yielding less with
more labor. It is therefore better for the slave that
he should go to Texas. What is the difference to
abolition w hether slavery exists on the one side or
the other of Red river?
Sir, the opponents of this treaty profess to see in
it a measure which is to unsettle the political power
and public policy of the country. I am not one of
those who desire to disturb the political checks and
balances of the constitution. These checks and
balances 1 hold to be salutary—essential to justice,
and to the existence of liberty and public prosperity.
To preserve these checks and balances—to secure
public liberty and the national prosperity—is the
leading, inducement, with me, to support this treaty.
At this moment, the slaveholding and planting in-
terest is greatly in the minority in both Houses of
Congress. It will never be otherwise. In the course
of a few years, without Texas, this disparity will
be much greater. Wisconsin and Iowa are-just
ready to apply for admission into the Union; and,
in a "few years after, we shall have in the Union an-
a;iother State, north of these Territories, and south
of Canada; and soon three or four others, from the
west of the Rocky mountains. All these will be
free States; and, as an offset against this preponde-
rating c.nd overwhelming influence, the South has
but Florida. Even with Texas, carved up into
four States, the South will not be able to equalize
this power. The South, even now, by her unhap-
py divisions and calculations of political preferment,
has become too poor and insignificant to be wooed
or won by political aspirants. These things are ap-
parent; and yet gentlemen profess to fear the unset-
tling of political power by the admission of Texas.
Whatever reasons there may have been for it in
times past, they have nothing to apprehend, in fu-
ture, from the South, upon the subject of public
policy. Her strongest champions have given way
and joined the East in her protective policy, and in
every thing else. Wherever sugar grows, we find
votes in favor of the protective policy, Tlie---e
