546
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
state of things as this—-in the Very luxury of
wealth, we would be in the m&hst or poverty; we
soon would have nothing to sell; we Very soon
should have no trade, no purchasers of our com-
modities; and we shortly would be where China,
until the last few years, was—an isolated, oppressed,
benightedpeople; cut off from trade, from all inter-
course with nations—deprived of the improving,
humanizing benefits that flow from communica-
tions and interchange of commodities between man
and man, a glorious privilege we now enjoy with the
inhabitants of all nations.
But it is not necessary to put this matte* ih any
stronger light, for there is no person here who con-
tends forldoctrmes of this strength, nor have I heard
any person contend on this floor for retaliation in
the rate of duties; that is left for others who do bu-
siness in a small way. But I have, intimated that the
people have partially recovered from their embarrass-
ments of past years, and that there is an increasing
demand for goods. The abundance of money always
causes it to seek investment in all directions at a low
rate and a moderate profit; extravagant hopes by the
manufacturing interests have caused thousands to
be added to the investments in this diteciioh. The
plenty of money, and the demand for gtfods, is rais-
ing the price of the substantial articles, and more
particularly those articles upon which the datv is
high m the tariff act of 1842; and the people -will
nnd that the prices must come up; they have come
up already from 25 to 75 per cent. Uncler these in-
liuences^ the" woollens of Germany sell readily for
twice, their cost; and many cotton fabrics of Eng-
land, together with bar iron and hardware, in the
same proportion. And the farmers of the West
will find that, in buying his bolt of domestic cotton
and other substantial articles, that they will cost him
from 25 to 50 per cent, more than thev did twelve
months since.^ The effect has been, and will still
oe, increased importations during the year, and sales
0 foreign goods w>ll take place at su£h a price as
T" ' 1 mtiet costiuid the duty; but who will pay that
*ost and duty? I answer—as all men must—the
^ >nsumer. Another effect of all this: that the price
01 factory stock has raised to twice and more to
what it was a year a^o, and set thousands to build-
ing new factories. Well, let us follow the process
through: when the manufacturers strain every
nerve, and foreign goods come crowding in, what
will happen' Unless speedily checked by a modifi-
cation of the tariff, I answer that prices will fall;
the importer must quit the market; the hotbed man-
ufacturing establishments must die under the un-
healthy action of a forced state of things; bankrupt-
cies will follow; an organized system of smuggling;
and if a few years should roll around before this ca-
tastrophe hapnen, and the time be sufficient for the
ualJ to gather largely, we may look for another re-
vulsion whicli would carry distress and misery
throughout the whole country. How are we to
nvoid this state of things? is the auestion that all
men of reflection are willing to ask, and desire to
iiuvc answered.
Well,'we have determined, that, so far as the cur-
rency of the country is connected with legislation,
irom the past, the lesson we have learned has satis-
fied us that these institutions of banking by thegov-
<a*mnent, in every way and manner, or by associ-
.•Uior.'j, that they are only calculated to give sudden
nses and expansions of property, of inflation of
priccs, and sudden depression of labor; and in a
word, the American people have decided, and will
again, whenever the question is presented to them,
that they are the open enemies of their peace, com-
fjrt, and happiness.
.Mr. DICKINSON remarked that they were still
for a bank.
Mr. WRIGHT replied, we yhall'see what we
sh:di see a*, th'- Baltimore convention on that subject
by yu;v
Is tiii-5 not the same principle ot exclusive
legislation thrown in another directioin, having the
y^iie power uiid'r another name! And this name is
beautiful; it is called that endearing name, Amer-
ican system! But the question is still unanswered,
how are we to avoid these things? these sudden
rises and expansions; and those sweeping calamities
that follow—reduction of prices, prostration of all
credit, and the labor of the country being at the mercy
of the capitalists? I answer, in no other way but by a
moderate and settled system of revenue duties, which
would act equitably upon all parts of the country,
;r*d leave every pursuit to be regulated by those
of ^investment* that, in the freest action
of the American mind, under a just and impartial
system of legislation, finds its best condition.
Such a system will not astonish us at one time
with a rapid income into the treasury, and leave us
at other times wholly minus. One system will sup-
port the government and give no just cause of com-
plaint to any portion of our people. The other, ir-
regular, fitful as the wind in its operation, will dis-
turb the tranquillity of the nation, and leave the
country ericumberea with debts, to be paid probably
by a direct system of taxation!
I have said the tariff would have an effect to in-
crease the prices. I ask why such investments of
capital as are making in new manufacturing establish -
ments, and in enlarging old ones? Do not the cap-
italists expect more than they did under the former
tariff? If so, how are they to get it? The answer
is obvious. If they have no such expectations, why
did they not make investments under the former
tariff? or why do they, with one accord, oppose the
reduction of this?
What I say on this subject is—
1st. That it is absurd to say that the manufacturers
Will be benefited by a tariff which compels them to
sell at cheaper rates; that it is only equal to the sen-
timent of the coal merchant, who said "he lost on
every bushel of coal he sold, but made up his losses
by selling a very great quantity.'5
2d. That the tariff of 1842 is not the sole cause
of the importations of such amounts of specie.
3d. Whatever agency it may have had in the in-
flux of specie, has been a consequence of its pro-
hibitory character.
4th. The first effect will be to raise the price of
goods.
5th. This will excite both imports and manufac-
tures. The result will be a fall of prices, the bank-
ruptcy of manufacturers, and the distress of the
country.
6th. If the tariff continue as it is, after such a re-
vulsion, wo might expect such a state of prices as
to amount to prohibition or a permanently fixed in-
crease of price at that point at which the foreigner
might come in, and supply part of the market, the
duty on which would go into the treasury, while
the country would pay a corresponding price for
all similar articles, domestic or foreign, which might
enter into our consumption.
7th. That it is foolish to say a highjtariff, intend-
ed to exclude or diminish competition from abroad,
can increase competition; for this very simple reason,
that a part cannot be greater than the whole.
8th. If the duty reduces the price, the maufac-
turer must be in favor of abolishing all duties; be-
cause his goods would, according to whig logic, ad-
vance in consequence; but these fellows take special
pains to be exclusively friendly to the manufac-
turers by high taxation laws, and not by reducing
the duties.
Mr. W. remarked that the main object he had in
view in discussing this question, was" to show that
the tariff bill of 1842 rested upon the labor of the
country, instead of the wealth and that the agricultu-
ral interests of the West were oppressed by said bill,
which he would attempt to show to-morrow.
The committee then rose and reported progress.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved that when the House
adjourn it adjourn to meet to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock.
.Some conversation took place, in which several
members took part.
Mr. ,T. W. DAVIS said he should move to amend
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee so as
to discharge the standing committees from all the
business before them.
Mr. C. JOHNSON callcd for the yeas and nays
on his motion, but they were not ordered, and the
motion was rejected.
The House then adjoiirnad.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. HOGE: The peiifcion of James McBride and 73
others, citizens oi Warren, .Mercer, arid Kock Inland coun-
ties, in the State of Illinois, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Monmouth to Illinois city m said State of
Illinois: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. ALBERT SMITH: The petition of C. 0. Shep-
ard and 111 others, citizens of the county of Wyoming,
New York, praying Congress to reject tlie application of
any State or Territory that may ask to be admitted into the
Union with a constitution tolerating slavery.
By Mr. DUNLAP: The petition of citizens of Gorham,
State of Maine, for a reduction of the rates of postage and
the abolition or modification of the franking privilege: re«
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office mid rost "Roods,
By Mr. BUilKE: TTie petitions of Mercy Bemis, Folly
Chase, Edith Cole, Isabel Bagbee, Elizabeth Hall, Ab-
igail Cobane, Rachel Rowell, Submit Roberts, Susannah
Vinton, Lydia Sauctus, Mercy Wood, Aiina Watson, Sarah
Judkins, Ruth Lowe, Rachel Miner, Thankful Bowman,
Ruth Moore, Abigail Henderson. Lorana Meniger, Eleanor
Campbell, Betty Hazzard, Elizabeth Heath, Genet Noyes,
Mehitable Gilman, and Elizabeth Webster, all praying for
pensions from March 3d, 1841,, to March 3d, 1343 Thepe-
tition of Oliver Holbrook in behalf of the heirs of Johnson
Jordan, to be allowed the pension claimed by him. The
petition ttf Sally Hart for a pension. The petition of Han-
nah J. Read, praying Congress to allow pensions to all
widows who were married prior to January 1,1800.
By Mr. WETHERED: A petition from Warren, Balti-
more county, Maryland, representing that the present tariff
has revived trade mall its branches, and consequently given
employment to many of the petitioners who were without
employment before its passage-, they, therefore, pray Con-
gress to abstain from all legislation on the subject.
By Mr. HERRICK: The petition of Samuel H. Gould, for
the passage of an act authorizing the treasurer of the United
States to refund to him money paid for land which was af-
terward sold to another individual.
By Mr. PURDY: The petition of some 300 inhabitants of
Broome county, New York, for a reduction of postage.
. By Mr. RAMSEY: The petition Jacob H. Laaiar, H. B.
Sidell, and 72 others, citizens of Berks county, Pennsyl-
vania. protesting against any interference with the tariff of
1842.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 23, 1844.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of Balie
Peyton, Uuited States district attorney for the east-
ern district of Louisiana, praying that provision,
may be made by law for the safe custody of insane
persons charged with the commission of criminal
offences against the United States: referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial from
W. E. Robinson, a naturalized citizen of the Uni-
ted States, a native of Ireland, now residing at New
Haven, Connecticut, praying the passage of a law
protecting naturalized citizens against the claims
which may be set up by foreign governments in
time of war to their perpetual allegiance; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the joint
resolution from the House in relation to certain
property purchased for the use of the United States
in the port of Bath, in the State of Maine; and, on
motion of Mr. H. the previous orders of the day
were postponed; and the resolution was taken up
as in committee of the whole, considered, reported
to the Senate, read the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the Committee on
the District of Columbia was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of the officers
of the several volunteer companies of Washington
city and Georgetown, praying to be created into a
separate corps; and it was referred to the Committee
on the Militia.
Several adverse reports of the standing commit-
tees on private claims were taken up and concurred
in by the Semite.
WESTERN HARBOR BILL.
The bill from the House making appropriations
for the improvement of certain harbors and rivers in
the West was taken up, read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented two memorials
from Bucks and Lebanon counties, Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against any alteration in the present
tariff: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
the religious society of Friends, of Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, and Delaware, strongly praying against
the annexation of Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
INDEMNITY TO NAVAL OFFICERS AND SEA-
MEN.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
supplementary to the act entitled "en act regulating
the pay of the navy of the United States. [The bill
provides indemnity to the officers, seamen, and ma-
rines, who have lost, or may lose, property by the
wreck of United States vessels of war.]
Mr. BAYARD said that, before proceeding any
further in this matter, he would move to strike out
the word "sailing," before "masters," in the four-
teenth line of the second section. The term sailing
masters was now obsolete. It had been changed for
two or three years, and the same officers were now
known in the naval service as masters.
Mr. PEARCE suggested an amendment to the
second section. After the word "clerk," in the six*
