560
appendix to the congressional globe.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Dayton.
Senate.
fears upon the subject of sectional power and of
public policy are more feigned than felt. Their
true objections rest upon no buch calculations.
They rest solely upon the question of slavery; and even
that has been shown to be unsubstantial, by show-
ing that Texas, in or out of the Union, is, and will
be, a slaveholding community. This they see; and
yet the admission of Texas is to revive the Missou-
ri controvery; and to guard against the ravages of
such a monster, it is thought by them to be indispen-
sable to settle this question in the treaty. I am not
for anticipating difficulties. I think it time enough
to meet them when such questions are properly
brought before us.
Not satisfied with resting their objections upon a
want of constitutional power, upon war and slavery,
upon its effects upon the treasury, upon political
power and public policy, and upon the correspond-
ence and improprieties of the late Secretary, other
objections, which may be properly classed under the
head of ''sundries," are urged against this treaty.
They find fault with the character of the popula-
tion of Texas. They represent the population as
restless, dissatisfied, ana lawless—a population
which emigrated from the United States for crime,
or debt, or adventure; and who, if reclaimed, would,
by their turbulence,violence, and wickedness, give us
more trouble than their country is worth. Sir, I hap-
pen to know something of the people of Texas; anal
take the liberty to say, that the picture which has
been drawn of them is one which neither they, nor
any of their acquaintances, would ever recognise.
A considerable portion of Texas once constituted a
portion of Arkansas. The counties of Miller and a part
of Lafayette, now in Texas, were, for a number of
years, organized counties, and included in Arkansas.
I practised law in those counties for several years.
The people of those counties invariably voted at
our elections. They were represented in our legis-
lature, and in the convention which formed our State
constitution. They were enumerated in our ccnsus,
and we held courts among them for fifteen or twenty
years, after they were cut off from the country of
their birth, by the treaty of Florida. They have
constantly and yearningly looked forward to the day
when they should once more be citizens of the
United States. Tliey have never realized the idea
that they were destined to belong to any other
country. They are now standing upon the
south bank of Red river, with outstretched arms,
imploring the United States to receive them. They
have won, by their valor, an empire for you, and lay
its title at your feet. And how is this affection and
this service requited? They are repulsed, and re-
pulsed with unmerited insult.
Sir, this treaty is called the bantling of political
ambition, and is said to have had its birth exclu-
sively for party purposes. Of all this I know noth-
ing, and care as little. It is very likely that the
President, like all of his predecessors, has been
anxious to do something by which his administra-
tion should be distinguished, and his power and pop-
ularity established. If such policy be disreputable,
it is, at least, I fancy, not without precedent. Arc
we sure, when censuring the President for political
manoeuvring, that we arc entirely exempt from
that besetting sin? Are the great political loaders,
whom we ha\ c followed so faithfully, for so many
years, and who have had, recently, such new and
marvellous^-tevelations and visions upon the pro-
propriety of a cession of Texas to the United States,
entirely above the suspicion of manoeuvring upon
this great question? I think, upon such questions
as these, we should be a little charitable, and remem-
ber that this is a question upon which much might
be said upon all sides. We should remember
that the Louisiana treaty was the grave of all of its
prominent opponents; and that if it be fair to judge
of its effects by what we have already seen, the op-
position to this Texas treaty promises as rich a
harvest of political mortality. The number of Us
present killed and crippled have already terrified
many of the balance. We begin to perceive, by
degrees, a somewhat kindlier feeling for Texas.
Some are said to be against Texas note, but will not
be at the "proper time." I should think this new-
born zeal encouraging, and should be reconciled to
this delay, if I thought that "proper time" would
ever arrive. By rejecting this treaty, and deferring
this great question, you subject Texas to the tam-
pering and intrigue of all of our foreign rivals.
She will never be a province of Great Britain. I
have no fear of that. But her necessities, and
rivalry with us may lead her into treaties with that
pow which will be as injurious to the interests* of
the United States as if she were, to all intents and
purposes, a province of Great Britmn. After she
had obtained her independence, the first act she did
was to seek admission into the United States. She
was promptly and haughtily refused. She is now
at our door a second time, on special invitation of
our own government, and we are about to repulse
her again. Sir, I think I know something of the
character of those people. They are proud, sensi-
tive to insult, impulsive, and have the blood and
spirit of their fathers. Sooner than apply again for
incorporation into.this country, they would live on
roots and in caverns, or perish in the dungeons and
mines of Mexico. Destroy their hopes of admis-
sion into the Union now, and, my word for it, you -
will not have it in your power to repulse them a third
time.
Entertaining most solemnly this conviction, and
believing, from the bottom of my heart, that the ac-
quisition of Texas is indispensable io the prosperity
of the whole country, and believing that there is no
well-founded objection to that acquisition, I shall
vote for this treaty; and failing, as it will, I shall
then vote for any resolution or bill by which this
great object for my country can be accomplished.
But, sir, I fear that political calculations and combi-
nations will defeat it in any form.
SPEECH OF MR. DAYTON,
OF NEW JERSEY,
In Senate> Jiprxl, 29, 1844.—On the subject of the
tariff.
Mr. DAYTON addressed the Senate as follows:
The tariff act of 1842 lias realized, more than re-
alized the expectations of its friends. As a measure
of revenue, it has filled the empty coffers of your
country. As a measure of protection to labor, its
power has been almost miraculous; it has raised
domestic industry from the dead. A thousand
branches of industry have sprung up, as it were, in
a night.
It is my purpose to relieve this act, as far as I
can, from the chaige of partiality in its benefits and
operations. It has been charged here and elsewhere
that the tariff act of 1842, as w ell as the system of
which it is a part, is calculated to plunder the agri-
cultuiist and cmich the manufacturer; or, in the
emphatic language of the senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Wooubury,] that it is a system for
"skinning the farmers."
Tt is to that interest and of that interest I mean
principally to speak. It is to the farmers of the
country that this system has been most misrepre-
sented, and by them I desire that it shall be under-
stood. If it shall be found to be a system of rob-
bery, let them deal with those who sustain it accor-
dingly. 1 think it may be demonstrated that the
agriculturists die interested in the perpetuity of
this system, to an extent at least equal to any other
class of the community, and that from the very be-
ginning they themsehes have been the recipients of
its bounty and the object of its care.
The first trace that we find of the protective prin-
ciple m the legislation of this country is in behalf of
the farming interests. There is, perhaps, not a
State m the Union which has not at some time en-
acted laws protective of the crops, the poultry-yards,
and sheep-folds of the farmers. Bounties fur the
destruction of noxious animals, and premiums to
encourage the growth of particular kinds of agricul-
tural productions, have been universal. And yet no
one has ever thought of denouncing the principle of
taxing the entire community to pay these bounties
and premiums. The manufacturer, merchant, and
mechanic have never complained *of the system as
robbing them for the direct benefit of the farmer.
All have felt that, whatever might be the direct
benefit, indircctly the benefit cagie to all.
It is not m State legislation alone, but in federal
legislation likewise, that the interests of agriculture
have been peculiarly consulted by this system. I
need not go back of the tariff of 1816, because that
is claimed by the adversary as the beginning of the
protective system, (though I do not so consider it.)
Tt will be necessary here that I recur for a moment
to the then condition of the country. It was well
said by the senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Choate,] and others, that the wars of Europe and
our neutrality had made us, prior to 1807, the com-
mon carriers of the world. We there had found
scope for our enterprise and capital, while the for-
eign market was a profitable outlet for our surplus
products. That market was suddenly closed. The
Berlin and Milan decrees; the order? in council; tho
embargo; the non-intercourse acts; the war; and,
lastly, the disbanding of the armies of Europe, and
their return to the arts of peace, was a new era in
the history of the world l'novu$ saiclorum nascihir
or do." This brought with it a terrible lesson as to
the value and security of the foreign market. The
products of the farmer were rotting on his hands—
his lands were going down with an accelerated ve-
locity. He who had bought and paid half, was
glad to abandon his purchase, and be relieved from
the balance. No interest in this country ever suf-
fered such cruel misfortune as did the agricultural
interests of that day by reason of the sudden closing
of the foreign markets. Thousands yet live in pov-
erty, who will attest in their hearts the truth of this
remark. When Congress was deliberating in 1816,
things were bad enough; but worse were shadowed
forth in the future. The desire was to stave off the
blow, as well from agriculture as from manufactures.
Mr. Madison, in his message at the commencement
of the session, m recommending the protective sys-
tem, told Congress that it would ube an additional
recommendation of particular manufactures, where
the materials for them are extensively drawn from
our agriculture; and consequently impart and in-
sure to that great fund of national prosperity and
independence an encouragement which cannot fail to
be rewarded."
Mr. Jefferson, in his letter to Benjamin Austin, of
January 6, 1816, published in the Intelligencer of
this city, with a view doubtles to its operation upon
Congress, says:
"We must now place the manufacturer by the side of the
agriculturist. lie who is now against domestic manufac-
tures must bo for reducing us cither to dependence on that (a
foreign) nation, or to be clothed in skins and to live like
wild beasts in dens and caverns.''
Such is the language of the great apostle of democ-
racy of that day; the democracy of our day worship
strange gods.
The Committee on Commerce and Manufactures,
of which Mr. Lowndes, of South Carolina, was, I
believe, chairman, and to whom this question was
referred, report that—
"The committee, keeping m\iew the inteiests of the na-
tion, cannot refrain from slating that cotton fabrics imported
from India interfere not less with that encouragement to
which agriculture ia justly entitled, than they do with that
which ought iea>onably to be accorded to the manufactures
of cotton wool."
That they "are deeply impressed with a convic-
tion that the manufacturing establishments of cot-
ton wool are of real utility to the agricultural inter-
ests," &c., and under the influence of this conviction
they report the bill.
Mr. Calhoun, in his specch of April 22, 1816,
says, in reference to war:
''Ouragnculturc is cut oft from its accustomed inaikets,
the surplus product of the farmer perishes, on his hands, and
he ceases, to produce because he cannot sell."
He further says:
"The recent war fell with peculiar pres&uie on the grow-
eis. oi cotton and tobocco, and other great staples of the
country, and the same state of things will occur in the event
of another unless prevented by the loresight of this body."
These were the men under whose influence the
tariff of 1816 was passed: and the above extracts will
show what they meant; \\ hether they were concoct-
ing a system to "skin the farmers."
The act of 1816 remained some years, when the
act of 1824 was passed. I shall make but a single
extract to show with what view it was passed; but
it is an extract from the speech of one who is the
personification, the \eiy embodiment of the protect-
ive system. Mr. Clay, in his speech on the bill,
March 30 and 31, 1824, says: '-Our agriculture is
our greatest interest. It ought ever to be predomi-
nant. All others should bend to it. And, consid-
ering what is for its advantage, we should contem-
plate it in all its varieties, of planting, farming, and
grazing. Can we do nothing to invigorate it5 No-
thing to correct the errors of the past, and to brighten
the still more unpromising prospects which he be*
fore us?" This was the language of the great advo-
cate of the bill of 1824, and it was with these views
that bill was passed. If the system, therefore, be a
system for plundering the agriculturist, w e are in-
debted to the senator from New Hampshire for the
discovery; it has become so not only without the
knowledge, but against the wishes of those who
made it.
The North invested in manufactures; the South
did not, for want of capital. All she then had,
yielded full returns in the cultivation of the earth.
Mankind will not, under such circumstances, trans-
fer capital from a business more certain to-one that
is less so. They generally speculate and adventure
npon their surplus, "Seed time and hardest, tlis
