April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
561
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr, Dayton.
Senate.
early and the latter rain," are of the things which
are promised, but there is no such guaranty for com-
mercial or manufacturing adventure. But, as the
capital of Carolina and Georgia shall increase, or as
their cotton lands diminish in value, by reason of
the more productive lands of the Southwest coming
into cultivation, they too will find a surplus beyond
what will bring fair returns invested in lands, and
this surplus may go into manufactures. They have
everything necessary to give them eminent success
save one—intelligence among their operatives. Man-
ufactures require a care, judgment, and skill, which
can hardly be hoped for from the slaves of the
South. This, however, is a difficulty which may,
and I trust will, be overcome.
Returning from this brief digression, I desire to
show that, as this system commenced with an eye
to the farmers, its continuance is peculiarly beneficial
to that interest.
1. By reason of the direct protection it gives
them upon their produce.
2. By reason of the indirect protection a duty
on the manufactured article gives to their raw ma-
terial.
3 By reason of the home market it affords to their
productions.
By reference to the act of 1842 it will be seen
that the farmer is protected in everything that he
can produce in sufficient (juan tides for the country,
from his wheat down to his butter and his lard.
The following is a list of part, and but a part of
the protected articles, with the duties thereon re-
spectively, varying from 20 to perhaps 100 per cent.
"Wheat, per bushel - cts. 25
Oats • - 10
Barley - - 20
Rye ♦ • - ] 5
Potatoes - - 10
Flour, per 112 lbs. - 70
Indian meal, do. - 20
Hops, p c.t ad val - 00
Hemp, Russia, and
Italian, per ton - $40 00
Hemp, Manilla, &c. - 26 00
Hemp, Cordilla - 20 00
Flax, per ton - • 20 00
Feathers, percent. • 35
Polk, per pound « cts. 2
Beef, do • 2
Hams and "bacon • 3
Cheese - - 9
Butter • - 5
Lard 3
Seeds, clover, and timo-
thy, p ct. ad val. 20 p. ct.
Candles, tallow, p. lb. 4
Cotton, per lb. - 3
Vinegar, per gallon - 8
Prepared meats, poul-
try, &c. per cent, ad
valorem - - 2o
Now, I beg the attention of the farmers of the
country to the above table. They will see that this
protective system does not throw its shield over the
mechanic and manufacturer sonly, but that they
themselves are directly the subjects of its care. Ay,
sir, and I ask the opponents of this system iti this
chamber, whether these duties are not strictly pro-
tective duties? Twenty-five cents a bushel on wheat,
ten cents on oats, fifteen on rye, ten on potatoes,
nine on cheese, two on beef and pork, and five on
butter, never could have been intended as revenue
duties. They are, in the ordinary states of the
market, prohibitory. They were so-intended; they
were meant to protect the farmer outright. But of
this there is no complaint; the farmers of the coun-
try are too heavy an interest to be attacked.
But it is contended by the senator from New
Hampshire that these duties are useless as a means
of protection, as much so as would be a duty on
granite in New Hampshiie or ice in 'Maine.
Sir, I call for the proof. The agricultural prod-
ucts of the country were thought to need protec-
tion from the beginning, and therefore it is that from
the act of 181G, (and, indeed, by the earlier acts like-
wise,) duties have been laid upon the importation of
foreign agricultural production. But, furthermore,
I aver that an examination of prices will show the
necessity of this protection; that, without it, there is
not one year in five when our farmers will not be
met in the markets of New York with competition
from abroad, in some one or more of the various ar-
ticles of agricultural production. The farmers of
other parts of the world have (or at least some have)
as bright a sun and as fertile a soil as we; and they
have, in addition, that naked, starved, ill-paid labor,
which, thank God, we have not.
Without looking beyond our great agricultural
staple, wheat, it is evident, from the comparison of
prices at home and abroad, that without duties we
would be liable, upon every irregularity of the mar-
kets, to be flooded with wheat from the countries
adjoining the Baltic and the Black sea.
The following table will give some idea of the rel-
ative prices of wheat there and in our market. I
have taken the lowest prices at Dantzic, in Germa-
ny, in the several years, because, when we are
speaking of the possibility of their sending wheat to
this country, we are to assume that they will export,,
when it is low at home;
( 36)
1829, at Dantzic
1830,
1331,
1832,
1833,"
1834,
1835,
1S36,
1837,
1838,
do
do
do -
do -
do •
do *
do -
do •
do -
-Price. ?
- 86£ I At New York
- 82 | November 10
$l 0§ | Oetober~29
79i f
III
Sdi
60|
63$
66*
November 1
October 31
November 2
November I
October 27
Price.
. $1 38
• 1 14
- 1 20
1 221
1 20
• 1 06$
- 1 30
- 2 03
■ 1 96
• 1 6j
Next to Dantzic, Hamburg is the most impor-
tant corn market in the north of Europe, and the
average price of wheat there for ten years prior to
1832, Was nineteen cents per bushel less than at Dant-
zic, though the wheat is not of so superior a quality.
The prices at Odessa, on the Black sea, are likew.se
much lower, I should judge, than at Dantzic; but the
cost of importation from that market would, I sup-
pose, be greater. It needs 110 argument to show
that, when the relative prices of wheat are such as
are to be found through many of these years, the
foreign article will find its way to our market, if you
take off the duties. Indeed, so far from these duties
being useless, the importations of the country show
that, through a number of these years, even a duty
of twenty-five cents on the bushel would not keep
it out. The foreign wheat came in, paying the full
duty, and yet underselling our own farmers in their
own market. There were imported through the
following years the number of bushels opposite
each, to wit:
3835 - - - 238,769
182G - • - 583,898
1837 - - - 3,921,259
1838 - - - 894,536
I admit these importations were unusually heavy;
but how can it be alleged, in face of these facts,
that a duty on wheat is as useless as on ice or gran-
ite? Had there been no duty, 110 man can tell the
extent of importations which would have taken
place. Take off the duty of agricultural production,
and I repeat that an examination of priccs will
show that our formers are constantly liable to be in-
terfered with by foreign competition. There is not
a year passes that foreigners do not knock at your
door and importunately ask for admission. The
senator from New Hampshire, speaking in refer-
ence to the duties of 1842, used strong language;
said they were all a delusion, a humbug; that the ten-
dency, if not the object, "had been to throw dust
in the eyes of the community," &c. I shall not
complain of his language, but will examine its cor-
rectness. He illustrates his position that duties are
useless by a table, (No. 5 of his speech,) in which
he gives the duties by the act of 1842 on beef, pork,
bacon, hams, cheese, butter, lard, wlieat flour, In-
dian meal, potatoes, and wheat, and contends that
duties were not needed, that they are a delusion,
because, before the act of 1842, these articles were
imported to a very small extent, and needed 110 pro-
tection; that in 1840 the imports of these articles
amounted only to $71,547. Well, sir, if that be all
that came in when they had little or no protection,
as every man will infer from this statement, there
would be force in the position. It would have been
but fair, however, to have stated that the duties of
1842 011 these articles were the same (with a single
unimportant exception) as they had been fixed by
the tariff acts of 1824, 1828, and 1832, and that the
imports of 1840, instead of coming m free of duty,
or at aome very low rate, as might be inferred, came
in paying the full amount of duties laid by the act of
1842, except where some of them may have been
partially affected by the reductions of the compro-
mise act. So far from the senator's table proving
his position that 110 duties were needed, the importa-
tions of that year and of other years, in despite of
the duties charged, are the strongest argument to
show the absolute necessity of duties for protection
of the farmer. If $71,547 worth of these ten arti-
cles came in paying a heavy duty, can any man re-
sist the conviction that importations would have
been far heavier if there had been no duty at all ? I
think that, with great fairness, the mode in which
this table is prepared, and the omission to state the
duties existing in 1840, may justify a retort of the
senator's own language—the tendency, if not the
object, of the table "has been to throw dust in the
eyes of the community."
I know it may be said that these importations,
which are annually made, are very small as com-
pared with our aggregate consumption. I concede
it; but they are enough to try our markets; they
are the falling drops which prelude the shower, re-
minding a man of his umbrella. It is not the act of
prudence to wait until after you are drenched before
you seek protection. . ,. ■
It is thus that the tariff act of 1842 gives ,a direct
protection to the farmer. But dp not. let';me. be" mis-
understood. I do not mean to contend that,a« a,
general thing, it raises to any considerable degree
the price of agricultural- produce, although fiucfe is
doubtless its occasional" effect'. Nor do I believe
that the duty on cotton raises, as a whole, their-price,
though such may be its occasional effect. The ad-
vantage to the farmer is the same as to ihe cotton
manufacturer—it secures the market. To" use the
most apt illustration of the senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bates,] the duties are kept up as you
keep up your fence around the wheat-field; it does
not make the wheat grow higher, but it makes sure
that it will not be eaten up by vagreuit cattle. The
duty provides against the irregularities of the mar-
kets of the world; it serves as an outer embankment,
preventing our market being flooded from abroad
whenever prices shall happen to be high here <jr
very low elsewhere.
But the bill of 1842 not only gives a direct, but an
indirect protection to the farmer. A duty 011 the
manufactured article helps not the one who made it
only, but every one who has contributed to its val-
ue. A duty on cloth helps the wool-grower, as well
as the manufacturer; a duty on shoe3 helps not the
shoemaker only, but it helps him who supplies the
hides, and him who tans them, and him -who fur-
nishes the bark, and him who provides the food
for man and beast in all the departments of the la-
bor. The price of all these, the elements, depends
on the price the whole will bring in market when
the same are brought together. It is a mistake
to say that nobody gets the benefit of the duty
but the mechanic or manufacturer. It is on
this incorrect assumption that the senator has
framed his other agricultural table, (No. 4,) en-
titled -'duties discriminating for manufactures, and
against agriculture," &o. This table is filled with
inaccuracies and mistakes. (As I have not space to
dilate upon them here, I omit them.) But the ob-
ject of the table is to show how unjust this bill is to
the agriculturist; that it allows him, for 'instance,
only five per cent, on hides, but gives a heavy duty
on leather; one cent per pound on "bristles, hut a
heavy duty on brushes. I wonder the senator did
not pursue his objection: there is a duty of only
five per cent, on horns, but a heavy duty on buttons
—a shameful discrimination against agriculture,
surely! Now, it is the first aet which, on most of
these raw materials, ever laid a duty at all; and
the farmer gets, to a certain extent, the benefit of
the high duty on the manufactured articles, as be-
fore mentioned; but the truth is, that, upon all such
articles, the duty is not laid on the raw material to
protect the farmer. The articles are of that class,
generally, of which the farmer could not raise
enough with any amount of duties. Suppose you
double the duty on hides: it will have no effcct on
production; our farmers do not raise beef for the
sake of their hides. They can never compete with
the Indian, who throws the lasso, and, after strip-
ping off the hide, leaves the carcass smoking where
it fell. Nor do they raise hogs for the sake of their
bristles; no amount of duty would produce a single
bristle more. On all such articles, the small duty
is for revenue; but when - the bill comes to put the
duty upon the farmer's staples, it protects him.
Beef and pork are protected, though hides, horns,
and biistles are not. There is an obvious reason
why duties must, as a general thing, be hea\ ier on
manufactured articles than raw material, because
more of the value of a manufactured article consists
in labor; and the object of the duty is to protect, it
must not be forgotten, against the cheaper labor of
other countries. These are my answers to the sen-
ator's 4tli table.
But the home market afforded our farmers is, af-
ter all, the great advantage derived from this system
of protection. Of the extent and value of this home
market so much has been said that I feel loth to add
to it. Some conception of its extent may be gather-
ed in from the number of mouths to be fed. It is es-
timated that the population of this country employ-
ed the different departments of manufacturing and
mechanical industry amounts to about 2,800,000;
this, of course, includes the families besides the
workmen actually employed. I recollect that the
senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDcffie] en-
larged upon the vast extent of market which the
South would open to the great West; told what
quantities of their live stock and other productions
might there be consumed. Why, sir. the entire pop-
