CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
teenth line, to insert "$200 to a chief engineer, and
$150 to a second engineer."
Mr. ATCHISON inquired what compensation
■was provided bylaw for the engineers.
Mr. PEARCE stated that the compensation of a
chief engineer was $1,500 a year, and that of a sec-
ond engineer $900 a year.
-Mr. CHOATE had intimated the other day that
the maximum fixed by this bill for the compensation
of petty officers and common seamen was too low.
He then expressed the hope that the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs would enlarge it. As
this was not done, he should offer an amendment.
Strike out in the eighteenth line of the second sec-
tion the word "$25" to any petty officer, sergeant, or
corporal of marines, and insert §60. In the nine-
teenth line, strike out the word "$20," and insert
"$50," to a seamen or marine; and in the same line,
strike out the word "marine."
Mr. ALLEW desired to suggest that the consid-
eration of these amendments should be delayed until
the sense of the Senate should be tested in regard to
the policy of such a provision at all; because he
should move to strike out the whole of the second
section.
When the bill was under consideration before the
Senate some time ago, he made some observations
against this section of the bill, as introducing a bad
policy into the naval service. He should not go into
an argument upon the subject now, because he did
not think it would be proper, unless the senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] should withdraw
his amendment, so that the sense of the Senate
might be tested upon the principles of the second
section of this bill. Before that was done, and the
sense of the Senate taken, the amendments would be
lost.
Mr. CHOATE supposed that, if the motion of
the senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] to strike out
the second section should fail, it would then be in
order to consider his amendment.
The CHAIR suggested that the proper course
would be first to perfect the section proposed to be
amended, and then for the senator from Ohio [Mr.
Allen] to submit his motion to strike out the sec-
tion.
Mr. ALLEN acquiesced in this course.
Mr. CHOATE said that the effect of the amend-
ment would be to raise the maximum compensation
of petty officers from $25 to §60; and in the case of
seamen, from $20 to $50. The clothing of the ma-
rines was furnished by the government, and there-
fore could not be a loss to them. He would not de-
tain the Senate with any extended remarks. He
was convinced that the maximum fixed in the bill
would, in many instances, fail to indemnify the
losers. It was apparent to the Senate that, if this
bill passed, the department could never exceed the
maximum. It was evident that the amounts would,
in most cases, prove inadequate to indemnify the
losers.
Instead of making any argument in favor of these
men, he would read a passage from a letter of an
officer of the Missouri, (De Selle,) which described
their conduct, under the very trying circumstances
in which they were placed.
[The letter stated, in substance, that these men
remained on board the ship, ill imminent peril, un-
til ordered by the captain to abandon her. Their
conduct received the highest commendation at Gib-
raltar, and deserved special commendation from
their countrymen, and he hoped they would evince
it by cheerfully supplying their losses. The letter
then went into a detailed scale of these losses.]
This bill provided a measure for their special re-
lief; but, in proposing to indemnify them, it was cer-
tain it did not carry that object into execution.
Mr. BAYARD thought y.50 for petty officers
would be sufficient. The amendment of the sena-
tor from Massachusetts gave them S60. Before
saying anything upon the merits of the bill, there was
one part of the amendment offered by the senator
from Massachusetts, which he (Mr. B.) observed
was founded upon a misapprehension. He [Mr.
Choate] proposed to strike out "marines," and
made that motion under the assumption that the
marine could lose nothing, because his clothing was
found by the government. But the senator forgot
that these clothes were deducted from the pay of the
marines; and the loss was therefore the same as that
of seamen. The' rate of compensation for seamen
was $12 per month, or §144 a year; ordinary sea-
men $10 per month, or $120 a year; landsmen $9
per month, or $108 a year. He believed the ma-
rine got $7 a month, or $84 a year; but the govern-
ment allowed him $33 a year for his clothing, which
made $117—so that any loss sustained by him was
in point of fact the same.
Mr. CHOATE said that when the amendment
came to be considered, he would withdraw that por-
tion which proposed to strike out marines.
Mr. BAYARD observed that the question of the
rate of compensation was one of judgment altogeth-
er. It was not a thing to be reasoned upon a priori.
Whether we referred to the experience of the British
government upon this subject, or to the opinion of
our own officers, he thought that the scale of com-
pensation fixed upon by the committee was about
the proper scale. The scale he found (the Board of
Admiralty in England) was lower than that proposed
in this bill. [Here Mr. B. went into a detail of the
compensation allowed by the Board of Admiralty.]
Mr. TAPPAN thought that the proposition of the
senator from Massachusetts went rather too far.
Instead of accepting his proposition, he would pro-
pose the sum of $35 to petty officers, and $30 to sea-
men and marines.
Mr. CHOATE had made the motion with a
view to indemnify in an adequate manner, men who
had behaved extremely well, in a moment of tre-
mendous peril; and who had ample means of sav-
ing their effects by abandoning the ship. It was
not an application on their part for relief, but an ap-
plication for indemnity, and for justice. If his
amendment should fail, and the amendment of the
senator from Ohio [Mr. Tappan] be agreed to, he
should feel constrained to vote against the bill.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that the grada-
tions of compensation for losses in England, were
made according to the standard of the rank and pay
of the claimants, and not in reference to their actual
losses. He conceived the object ought to be to
come as near as possible to the actual losses; and
that the only way of doing this in the present case
was to take the evidence of the officer, who had
written the letter read by the senator from Massa-
chusetts. He approved of the amendments founded
upon that officer's representations, and would vote
for them.
Mr. BAYARD proceeded to comment upon the
arguments in detail, observing that, as the hour
for the special order had arrived, he did not
wish to interfere with the right of the senator
from New York [Mr. Wright] to proceed with his
argument upon the tariff question. He would there-
fore move to postpone the further consideration of
this bill till to-morrow.
THE TARIFF.
The resolution of the Finance Committee to post-
pone indefinitely the bill introduced by Mr. McDuf-
fie for the reduction of duties to the standard of the
compromise act, was then taken up as the unfinished
business of Friday; and
Mr. WRIGHT concluded his spccch in opposi-
tion to the prohibitory system as contradistinguish-
ed from a revenue standard of duties affording inci-
dental protection. Mr. W. spoke for two hours,
during which he illustrated his remarks by ample
statistical references in proof of his position, that no
system of protection can be durable and effective of
the object sought, that is based up the principle of
prohibition. After Mr. "W. had concluded,
Mr. DAYTON expressed a desire to address the
Senate on the subject; but the hour being too far
advanced to proceed to day, he hoped the question
would be postponed until to-morrow.
The subject was accordingly postponed.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE AND ABATEMENT
OF THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the bill to reduce
the rates of postage, to limit the use and correct the
abuse of the franking privilege, and for the pre-
vention of frauds oil the revenue of the Post Office
Department, was taken up, as printed with the
amendment!? heretofore adopted. *
Mr. MERRICK remarked that, although gener-
ally speaking, the bill as amended was printed with
great accuracy, there were some few errors to be
corrected, and some changes in phraseology neces-
sary, none of which would at all interfere with the
character or provisions of the bill as it then stood.
On his motion, several corrections and verbal
changes were accordingly made in the bill; but as
none of these corrections altered the principles of its
provisions, it is unnecessary to specify them.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the bill in the sec-
ond section, by striking out the following provision,
from the 13th to the 31st lines-
Provided, That the editors or publishers thereof [new-spa
persl shall keep a list or register of all papers sent by mail
and subject to postago under this law, noting the day when
sent, the office where deposited for transmission, and the
post-office to which sent; and shall certify and return the
same quarterly io the Postmaster General at the end of each
Quarter; (which said statement and return shall be authority
on which the Postmaster General shall charge the postmas-
teis having chaige of the offices to which such newspapers
may he sent with the amount of postage collected under
this law upon the same;) and all newspapers of and under
the si'/.e aforesaid, the editors or publishers of v> nicli snail
refuse or neglect to keep and return tho list of register
aforesaid, sliall be subject to the rates of postage change-
able upon the same under the thirtieth section of the act ot
Congress, approved the 3d of March, 162«*j, entitled "An ac*
to reduce into one the several acts for establishing and reg-
ulating the Post Oflice Department."
Mr. E. remarked that this was a provision which
could lead to nothing but embarrassment: it never
could bo executed: it would impose a great and un-
necessary labor upon editors and publishers,
without any corresponding benefit to the department:
the penalties ofincreased postage would fail on sub-
scribers, who could have no control over the action
of publishers, for whose fault they would suffer. Be-
sides, if the list or register is not sent to the Post-
master General by the publishers, he can have no
authority to call on the postmasters for the postage
on the newspapers not returned by list to him. In
short, the whole provision was embarrassing; and
the bill would be much better without it.
Mr. MERRICK said the provision had been one
suggested by the department as. necessary, when a
former post office bill was before the the post office
committee; and the reason it was then thought ne-
cessary was to prevent the very embarrassments
which the senator from Maine now anticipated.
However, as it was objected to, and probably there
were grounds for the objection—for he w$s aware
there was much difficulty in adjusting by legislation
mere office*details—he would agree to the provision
being stricken out.
Mr. BUCHANAN was very glad the 'chairman
of the Post Office Committee had yielded so glee-
fully to the very proper motion of the senator froi^
Maine, to strike out this provision.
Mr. HUNTINGTON also complimented the
chairman of the Post Office Committee on the
plastic manner in which he had yielded to the prop-
osition.
The provision was accordingly stricken out.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the second sec-
tion was so amended that the standard size of news-
papers transmissible by mail as newspapers, shall
be 1,900 square inches, instead of 1,600, as printed
in the bill.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to amend the bill at the
end of the 3d section, by inserting a provision that
in all cases where the salary received by a deputy
postmaster shall not exceed $100, the tranking
privilege shall be continued to such postmasters.
Mr. ATCHISON suggested that this was sub-
stantially the same as an amendment heretofore of-
fered and rejected.
Mr. ARCHER remarked that the amendment
which had been offered and rejected related to sala-
ries not exceeding $25, and consequently was not
the same as that now offered.
The CHAIR observed that this was substantially
a new proposition, and therefore in order.
Mr. MERRICK urged the same objections to this
proposition which he had enforced in relation to the
proposition to give the franking privilege in lieu of
salary to postmasters whose offices did not yield
them $25 a year.
Mr. TAPPAN did not consider the objections
thus urged of any "weight.
Mr. MERRICK thought, with the senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Atciiisok,] that many honest farm-
ers would be found ready to hold the office without
compensation, in small settlements, for their own
convenience, and that of their neighbors.
Mr. TAPPAN was satisfied that many of the
most efficient and trustworthy postmasters in the
country would immediately resign, if the franking
privilege was withdrawn from them.
Mr. HAYWOOD inquired why some such ar-
rangement could not be made for postmasters as that
of allowing them a certain number of free covers
similar to those proposed for members of Con-
The question was then taken on A'Ir. Tafpan\
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. DAYTON moved to amend the bill, by ad-
ding at the end of the 7th section a provision, the
purport of which was that the Secretary of the Sen*
ate and Clerk of the House of Representatives, eac%
