Congressional globe.
m
received: If it be produced at a greater cost than in
our coontry, then, of course, no revenue can be
raised on it. The duty, therefore, to be available as
a general rule, must be such as will enable the im-
porter to pay it; and then receive the cost of his
commodity by selling as low as the cost of a simi-
lar article manufactured in this country, allowing a
fair profit on the capital.
In all articles not produced in such abundance as
to approach supplying the demand, it is evident
that, as a general rule, the consumer must pay the
duty on the foreign article; and more than this,
they will enter into the price of the home articl&as
well as the foreign. Price is not the capricious
thing that it is generally imagined to be. It is sub-
ject to one general law, from which it only varies
from accidental causes. That law is the cost of
production and the medium profit on capital. Sup-
ply and demand are accidents that affect it. For the
present state of commerce and of manufactures be-
tween Europe and the United States, the state of
things is such that, in a course of years, take any
given period together, it will be found that the cost
of production and the medium profit on capital has
been the governing principle in determining the
price of all commodities; accidents only causing de-
partures from this well-settled rule, such as infla-
tion of the currency, failure of the crops, political
agitations, and a hundred other accidental ques-
tions that may arise, that prove nothing against this
well-settled and acknowledged universal rule in polit-
ical economy.
In all cases, therefore, as a general rule, tariffs
must enhance prices to their full extent, unless the
price and quantity of the commodity in the country
where the foreign article is sold, is such as to pre-
vent imports from affecting the price; as in the case
of wheat in 1837, when the greater part of the con-
sumption is of the home article, and a small quan-
tity is brought in to make up the deficiency. The
price of the home article gives a rule for the for-
eigner. But if the price should remain up, impor-
tation would increase; and the price would be af-
fected and brought down even to the prise of the
cost and fair profit of the foreign article; and then
the duty would come off of the consumer.' And
this rule is so well established that those exceptions
to the same only serve to strengthen this universal
law of commerce and trade.
There appears to be one thing that certain gen-
tlemen agree on in this House; and that is, that the
country is in a prosperous state, so far as trade and
manufactures are concerned; and they say this pros-
perity is owing altogether to the beautiful system
called the American system—the tariff of 1842.
Now, if you agree in this, and you speak truly, there
is one thing I trust you will not forget—that this
state, which you call one of prosperity, is possible
without a national bank, without a great regulator of
the currency.
It is necessary to look at a few things that are
frequently harped upon, before we proceed in this
discussion, such as the following: that high taxes
make goods cheaper; that high taxes are necessary
to sustain agricultural productions, &c. Now, it
appears to me that the following proposition will
commend itself to any man of reflection: that if high
tariffs (taxes) make goods cheaper, then it is unjust to
those who manvfaclure them; and if high tariffs (taxes)
make goods dearer, then it is unjust to those who buy
them; and with this simple but true statement, one
which cannot be misunderstood, and which will
not be controverted, no thinking man will be led
astray.
But there is one thing that these same gentlemen
must do before I will be convinced of the sincerity
of their assertion that high duties make, low prices;
that is, they must put as high a duty (tax) on the
raw material as they do on the manufactured article.
When they do this, they will at least show that
they are sincere in their professions; but when %re
come to look at the discrimination that finds its way
into the tariff act of 1842, it will be seen that great
pains is taken to let the raw material raised by the
farmer and used by the manufacturer come in almost
free of duty, while the same article in a manufac-
tured state is highly protected against what is called
the pauper labor of Europe. Let us see how this is.
The following is a correct table of the odious duties
under the tariff act of 1842, upon agricultural and
other raw materials, and that upon the manufactured
materials:
Agriculture and other raw material—low.
Hides, 5 per cent.
Linseed, 5 per cent.
"Wool, cheap, 5 per cent.
Cork, bark, free.
Hags, for paper, 1 cent per lb.
Quills, unprepared, 15 per cent.
Silk, raw, 50 cents per lb.
Bristles, 1 cent perlb.
Brass, crude, free.
Hemp, 30 to 32 per cent.
Flax, raw, 1 c. or 7 to 9 per cent.
Lead, crude, 1| to 3 c. per lb.
Tin, crude, in pigs, 1 per cent.
Wood, rough, 20 per cent.
The manufactured materials—high'
Leather, 35 per cent-
Linseed oil, 25 per cent
Woollens, 28 to 60 per cent.
Corks, made, vb to30 percent.
Paper, 15 to 17 cents per lb.
Quills, prepared, 25 per ct.
Silks, $2 50, &c.
Brushes, SO per cent.
Brass, manufactured, 30 per cent.
Do kettles, 12 cents per lb.
Cordage, 100 to 130 per cent.
Cotton bagging, 50 to 80 per cent.
Cotton cloths, 80 to 120 per cent
Flax, manufactured, 25 to 50 per cent.
Lead pipes, Stc., 4 cents per lb.
Do white and red, 4 cents.
Tin, in plates, 2£ per cent.
Wood, manufactured, 30 per cent.
We hear men talk a great deal about pauper
labor connected with that of manufactures, but not
a word of pauper labor connected with the labor of
the farmer. You will perceive by the above table,
that the farmer is not only compelled to pay an op-
pressive tax upon the articles which are manufac-
tured abroad—not only compelled to foster home
manufactures, but his raw material must be put
into competition with the rawmaterial raised abroad.
Now can it be possible, that any western farmer
can be deceived in the operation of this tariff law (tax
act) of 1842, under which the manufacturers share
the spoils, like the share of the lion in the fable, and
monopolize all. But on the subject of high duties
(taxes) making low prices—one of the benefits claim-
ed for the act of 1842—I wish gentlemen to bear one
thing in mind, and that is, what I now assert in my
place, that under the operation of this act, the agri-
cultural labor of the country is more oppressed
than any other. That at this very time, take prices
as they are, while flour is selling with us in die
West at from three to four dollars a barrel, pork
from six to eight, beef from five to seven, almost
every article of absolute necessity that we have to buy,
is selling at twice their cost in the countries where
they are produced. Mark the expression—I say
in the countries where they are produced. Under this
act the price of our iron, pins, cotton goods, and
even our ploughshares and sugar, that we purchase,
is more than double their prices in the places of pro-
duction. And will anyone tell us of the West, that
we are receiving double the cost of producing our
beef, pork, flour, corn, &c.! When men will talk
about raising the price of beef, pork, flour, and corn,
then they may talk about farmers being protected.
But with the present prices of these articles, while
at the same time woollen and cotton goods, iron,
salt, and sugar, are sold at wholesale for near twice
their cost in the countries of their production, it
comes with a bad grace from them to talk of protec-
tion to farmers. In fact, the language is grossly in-
sulting to their intelligence, in addition to the wrong
done their industry.
No one thing has helped us of the West so much
as the liberal movement in England. But for the
change of the tariff abroad, I do not believe that we
of the West would have realized more than two-
thirds what we have in the last two years for our
staple articles. But for these markets the agricul-
ture of the country would have been in a far worse
situation than it now is, and at this very time it is
the most depressed, as it is by far the greatest inter-
est of the country.
The benefits of a foreign trade are beginning to be
known to hundreds in my own district by actual
experience, who have taken their cargoes of beef,
pork, corn, ilour, and other productions of their
farms, to the great southern market; who have row-
ed their own hoosier boat alongside of the ship, brig,
or schooner from abroad, and have emptied their
loads into these vessels, to be transported to some
of the islands of the ocean or to the shores of the
old world; and though they have received but low
prices, comparatively speaking, yet they will tell
the advocate for a high-protective tariff, that, strikes
at this competition in the market by the foreigner;
cut off the sales of his productions among us, or tax
him too largely to get into the market, and we will
suffer to the same extent in the sales of our agricul-
tural productions; and that, from the day laborer on
the farm to the heaviest agriculturist in the West,
all would feel the effect of such a policy.
The plain, industrious citizen in his field, as well
as the political economist in his study, knows this
simple truth—that the nation that buys is the nation
that sells.
Will any man tell us that we can have a home
market for our immense productions? It is idle for
us of the West to expect one sufficient to consume
our surplus products. The great and fertile valley
of the Mississippi alone can nearly feed with her agri-
cultural products, and clothe with her cotton, the
civilized world. What are we now, and what wil I
we be in the futurei Look at the territory of the
northwest, that in the next fifty years will bring
five new States into this Union—the whole essential-
ly an agricultural region, and will to a great extent
be settled by an agricultural people. Already is .
Iowa Territory throwing her thousands of barrels of
flour, beef, and pork, annually into the New Orleans
market; daily is seen the humble citizen of the East,
with his family, and those of the old world, wend-
ing their way into the bosom of the West, to culti-
vate the soil, to till the earth, to raise the necessaries
of life, to transport the surplus, to cause the "wil-
derness to blossom as the rose," and to render the
once uninhabited forest vocal with the praises of the
living God. Now, all that he asks is, that his gov-
ernment of equal laws will not attempt, by restric-
tions, (other than are absolutely necessary for its
support, economically administered,) to prevent him
from exchanging his articles for the productions of
other nations and latitudes, that he may consider ns-
cessary for his comfort, peace, and happiness. Our
farmers want, and must have, not o Jy this Union,
but the whole world for a market. If this is not so,
then we should tear in pieces our treaties of com-
merce, recall our ministers and consuls, abolish our
expensive navy, created to protect our trade, pass
embargo laws, and thus draw ourselves in from the
rest of the world, and cease to have any further con-
nexion with the great family of nations.
But what is more unjust than the duty of eight
cents per bushel of fifty-six pounds of salt in the
tariff kill of 1842? And even at this price, the manner
in which it is laid is not fully understood. I give
you the following case, to illustrate the operation of
this duty on salt, as it is in the tariff bill of 1842:
The following are the facts exhibited by a cargo of Ivica
salt just imported and sold.
The caago consisted of 4,641 measured bushels of fine
Ivica salt, which cost on board, commissions and all charges
included, five and a half cents per bushel.
The custom-house measurers made of it 6,962 bushels of
fifty-siy pounds—duty eight cents per fifty-six pounds, or
twelve cents per bushel measure, and 120 per cent, on the
cost.
This cargo of salt sold at twenty-two cents a bushel, leav-
ing four and a half cents freight But for the duty, it would,
have paid the same freight, ii sold at ten cents per bushel.
Now, t will be seen, in this case, and this fully
illustrates the whole system, that without this duty,
this same salt could be sold at ten cents per bushel,
with the same profit to the importer. The bill be-
fore us proposes to fix the duty at 20 per cent, ad
valorem; this duty of 20 per cent, on this same salt,
taking its rates at our ports, would be two cents per
bu3hel; then you have the salt sold at twelve cents
per bushel, which, under the operation bf the pres-
ent tariff act, has to bring twenty-two cents per
bushel.
This duty of eight cents per bushel of fifty-six
pounds, is a higher duty than we have ever had on
this article, considering the price of the article at the
time the other duties have been laid, as compared
with the present price of salt. This duty is more
than 100 per cent, on the average kind of salt
imported into this country. On the alum salt,
without which salted provisions cannot be cured
for long keeping, or for exportation, this duty-
is .outrageous and oppressive,_ and is felt more se-
verely by the western agriculturists than by
any other portion of the country, from the
heavy pork packer to the citizen who only uses
the ordinary quantity for family purposes, stock,
&e. The price of the suia-made salt has been de-
clining so rapidly for a number of years past, that
it is not at all improvable that, in a short time, the
cost of it will be nothing more than the labor of
gathering it up, after it is made by the rays of the
sun. The people of the West Indies, and all the
countries of that latitude, and even including the
population of the whole of the Mediterranean coasts,
would be glad to exchange this article of life for our
immense surplus provisions of the West, Re-
