550
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
move <he heavy duty from this article of universal
necessity, and it will enter into the western con-
sumption from the lakes to the Gulf of Mexico;
and by the competition, bring1 the price of the Kana-
wha and other salts down to a just comparative value.
Comparing the cost of its production with the great ar-
ticles of prime necessity, wheat, corn, pork, and the
like. We of the West recollect something of the
game played at the Kanawha salt works, some years
ago, when a few gentlemen of wealth (monopolists)
were allowed to purchase out other small cap-
italists, who were engaged in making salt, and
actually did cover over some of these wells,
and refused to run them, knowing that they could
make more by running fewer wells having the mo-
nopoly in their own hands; and thousands of us in
the West had the extreme pleasure of paying from
$1 00 to $1 50 per bushel for this necessary of life.
Gentlemen made fortunes. "Protection" by such a
tariff law as this, is a question that comes home to
every man in the West. Are you willing to give
100 per cent, to this interest m this country, and
thereby deprive yourselves, to the same extent, of
selling something abroad? Will any name, however
beautiful it may be, whether called "Jhnerican sy$~
im," protecting American industryy or anything else,
induce you to say that this duty of 100 per cent, is
right? or will you say, with me, that 20 per cent, is
ample, as the tax that should be imposed upon this
article, a proper and legitimate revenue duty? And
I cannot here omit to use the remarks of a gentle-
man who is well acquainted with this subject, the
conductor of one of the leading papers of the day.
His first remarks precede the publication of a cor-
respondent who had some acquaintance with this
subject; and when taken to task for his language,
made the reply that precedes his correspondent's pub-
lication:
Salt.-—Of all the wrongs of the protective policy, there
are none gieater than thoj>e exercised towaids salt. Salt is
an article of as universal necessity as i'uel, and almost as
much as water or air. God knew this would be the case,
and he made it as plenty as it would be necessary. Hea\y
rock salt is created without labor in the West Indies. A
glowing sun forms it m the salt lakes, and along the streams
which flow from the salt springs, m e\haustless quantities.
The poor people of these places have nothing else to ex-
change for provisions and other necessaries of life; and they
are glad to bring the salt, and deliver it on board our ves-
sels, at a very moderate compensation for the labor alone;
and in pay ment, they ask only for provisions. Hero is a
business altogether of American industry. Our farmers
laise the produce; our small vessels carry it out, and return
with cargoes ot salt Tins salt, made at God's mantilac-
tory, is the bef-t in the world. Men cannot, or, at most,
have not, equalled it. It is of indispensable necessity in
preserving the quantities of provisions in our country, as
bountiful as the -supply of salt at Anguilla. Why not get
our supplies at God's manufactory, and accept the boon he
oilers to us. "it is too good and too cheap," say our politi-
cal economists; arid so they get a kettle, and go to salt
making, and call this jtroltcting *'Ji>tnican industry. Sucli
declarations are but adding insult to injury. The salt duty
is an enormous wrong to the great West; and we hope the
intelligent \eoinanry, who are so unreasonably oppressed
by it, will throw it oft' with the indignation which it merits.
We give below a well-written article, by a gentleman piac-
tic ally acquainted w ith all its details:
Dutv ov Svlt.--JVJt'W.v. Editors: Amongst the articles on
which our representatives m the hist Congress thought
proper to levy a heavy tax, is that of salt,'but ior what
special purpose 1 am not aware.
The nominal duty on salt Is ccnts per bushel, but the
teal duty paid on any fuietgn com-e salt far exceeds this,
as j(S lbs. is deemed and t jkeu to be a bushel, while the salt
really weighs from 70 to HO l!>s. to the measured bushel; by
which it is invariably bought and sold. The cost of the
heaviest and best aiticle of loreign salt, at the place where
obtained, docs not exceed 10 cents per measmed bushel and
is oiten bought for less. Thus, instead of paying 8 cents, it
really paw It cents, or nearl) 100 per cent.—and the light-
est and poorest allele, supposing it to cost the same price
abroad as the best. p\ys .it least J00 per cent.
It is estimated that not less t'i-n ntteen millions of hogs
were slaughtered in the ('n;te<i  tate< in 1843 01 this ninn-
W;r probably tv. elves millions y, <>ie salted—requning on an
avetage halt a bushel of salt—making an aggregate of six
millions of bushels. Oi the quant.tv ofbeef <Lmglitpied foi
packing in the same year, it may be safely assumed that at
k.isttwo millions of bushels wcie used foi curing beef-
making the torn! quantity of sail used lor curing beefand polk
in one year, eicjht million of bushels. In this city, (X. Yoik,)
during the last three years, there have been inspected and
repacked v. ith ioreign salt, o\ er ->00,000 bairels oi be< f - nd
pork; and it is a lu>r estimate that there have come to this
city during the came peiiod at least 80,000 bbK. of beef and
pork inspected in the nve&counties of this State and packed
with the same kind oi salt.
Provisions packed w\^th ordinaiy domestic salt suffer
a depreciation in value not only m foreign but in our own
market';. Is it not astonishing, th#n, that men can be found
who will advocate a policy so directly injurious to one of
the most important branches ot the industry of the country,
and in fact to all interests.
We have olten endeavored to show that the great £nd
good Being who created all things, and with all the laws
which should govern them, bad diversified the products of
the earth so as to make the highest amount of human enjoy-
jxieiit to uepend on universal trade: that he had done this for
the purpose of creating and perpetuating the free intercourse
of his creatures; that, for the regulation of this intercourse,
he had established a code of laws, shaped, like all his other
laws, to promote the highest happiness of his whole fami-
ly; and that it is therefore not only bad policy, but rebellion
against God, to resist these laws. He has made air: is it not
a crime for one portion of men to combine and prevent ano-
ther portion from breathing it? He has made water: have
w e not all at right to drink it? He has made fuel: and who
shall prevent us from being warm, and call it good policy?
He has made salt: and when men combine to prevent their
fellow men from going to God's depositories for supplies,
they rphel against God, as well wrong their fellow men
It is w ith sentiments such as these—not in irreverence, but
in gratitude—that we speak of God's manufactory. When
you see vats built, and Kettles boiling, and producing an im-
perfect result, whose manufactory is that? When you see
the salt spring bursting fiom the side of the hill and flowing
along to the valley, while the clear and burning sun evap-
orates the w ater, and leaves rock salt m massy deposites all
along its course, of a quality which no art can equal, whose
manufactory is that' This is our Father's manufactory, and
all his cliildien an; invited by Him to go to it for supplies.
It is daring impiety to interrupt those who come. If it is
impiety |to recognise the goodness of God m his wide pro-
vision for our w:ants, then we have been guilty of impiety.
It has been mmored—and I do not know but what
it is entitled to be called something stronger than
mere rumor—that if this bill passes, and becomes
the law of the land, a large number of manufactur-
ing establishments will instantly cease operations;
and by that means hundreds, perhaps thousands,
of hands turned out of employment, notwithstand-
ing numbers of them are now dividing from 10 to
SO per cent, profit.
Sir, for what is this rumor set afloat ? Is is true?
Are we to witness such a movement by a combina-
tion of capitalists at this juncture? And if so,
for what reason? Is it to apply the screw that was
once held by the hands of the capitalist in the form
of a bank of the United States? Is this the point
from which the money power is to exert its ener-
gies upon the elections of the country, by oppress-
ing the operatives, and forcing them to yield to the
demands ofaverice, and to east their votes in favor
of monopolists, in order that they may get employ-
ment?
I know not what maybe the object, but I ask
again, why this rumor at this juncture? If it is not
intended to operate on the manufacturing popula-
te tion, are we to understand that it is hoped it may
alarm the apprehensions of members here? If so,
I think there is one thing that is better founded than
on rumor; and that is, there is a strength in this
House in favor of equal and impartial legislation
respecting the revenue, that will present the stern-
ness of the rock to all such influences?
Sir, I have one remark to make on this subject.
We should learn lessons of wisdom from the past.
What question in this country has ever been car-
ried by "panics?" Let the people once see that
the capitalists are bringing the power of associated
wealth to bear upon the elections, and, my word for
it, you will witness the same uprisings, the same
burstings forth of indignation from the North to the
South, from the East to the West, that once swept
down, with the strength ofa toinado, all opposition
to the indomitable hero of New Orleans, now the
philosophic sage of the Hermitage, in his struggle
with the bank of the United States. Sir, I have no
wish to excite prejudice against the capitalists who
have embarked their means in one pursuit or an-
other; but he who slumbers at his post, when mo-
ney power may be used to the injury of our insti-
tutions, or the oppression of the humble classes of
of citizens, is an unworthy sentinel, recreant to his
duty, because he is destitute of that unsleeping vigi-
lance which is essential to public liberty. 5
The very fact that such combinations may lie
found, is enough to excite our apprehension. The
industrious farmer in his field, the humble me-
chanic in his shop, the honest laborer in his war-
den, with us of the West, cannot send up here such
a rumor; and if he did, necessity would laugh at his
folly. No, sir; the great, mass, the laboring mil-
lions, can form no such combinations; they are
forced to go on—and on—and on, fiom week to
week—from month to month—from year to year;
no time to stop for panics. No, sir; this is with
the gold-woishipping millionaires alone. Then, sir, it
imperiously behooves us to look out, and meet the
first rumor of such a movement, by graphng with
it, and making ihc issue between equal and just
laws, giving to the laborer, in every department of
life, his equal and just reward, on the one hand, and
to the capitalist—the monopolist—the same, and
nothing more, upon the other.
The fact that we have in this country a branch of
business which employe thousands of hands, and
millions of dollars, dependent upon the law-making
power—upon exclusive legislation—should be cal-
culated to make every man reflect; and that those
great interests will strive with mighty energy for
power, in proportion as their dividends are increased
oy g overnmental patronage, is surely enough to
make every man fear. When the time comes
(which may a kind Providence avert) that we have
incorporated this principle upon our institutions—
viz: that the nation has certain peculiar interests,
combining labor and capital, depending for success
alone upon the favor of government, flourishing in
its smile, withering in its frown—then has all jus-
tice, all equal rights, left us, and we shall have a
government of favoritism, and of exclusive privi-
leges, less to be borne than an iron monarchy itself;
then the inherent and inalienable rights of man, as
man, will no longer be regarded; then those great
political truths proclaimed by our fathers shall have
departed from among us forever, and our name will
stand recorded upon the same page in history w ith
that of the unworthy disciple who betrayed the
"Master that had led him out of darkness into his
marvellous light."
Mr. Wright used various tables during his argu-
ment, and embraced various other topics and argu-
ments not referred to; which will appear in a few
days, with all the tables referred to.
Mr. WIIITE observed that lie was called upon
to task the indulgence of the committee in a way
that he had never been called upon to do before. It
had always been his practice in addressing the Com-
mittee of the Whole, or the House, to confine him-
self as nearly as he could to the subject under de-
bate. It would be recollected by the Chair, and by
the committee, that a party debate sprang up on the
bill making appropriations for the improvement of
the western waters, which he felt himself imperious-
ly called upon to take part in. It would be recol-
lected that he endeavored to obtain the floor to en-
gage in that debate as a matter of self-defence, but he
was appealed to by various members of the commit-
tee to refrain, and not to delay the bill by a discus-
sion of that nature. When the eastern harbor bill
came up, he again attempted to address the commit-
tee, but was again persuaded to forego his intentions
on that occasion. He was told that when the tariff
bill came up, there would be a debate of a general
nature, and he would then be indulged in making
the remarks he contemplated.
It would be recollected that, when the fyrmy bill
came up, he rose and addressed the chair, and ac-
cording to strict justice, the floor ought to have been
awarded to him; but it was given to another gentle-
man, and in ten minutes a resolution was offered to
terminate the debate, which passed the next morning
by the votes of those who had assured him that
when a general bill came up he should be indulged.
He did not now complain of this, nor to cast censure
upon any gentleman, though he thought he had
been treated unkindly. He only mentioned these
circumstances a.s a reason why, on a bill affecting
the interests of the whole Union, he could no longer
repress the impulse to make the remarks he intend-
ed. With these remarks he hoped he should be in-
dulged in going on with whatever he had to say,
not only of a general but of a particular character.
It was not Ins intention to speak with unnecessary
harshness or severity of any one; for, if ever there
was a time when charity appealed to him to forbear
from touching the feelings of his political opponents,
it was now. He would say to them that they were
a doomed party. Believing that the party opposed
to him was doomed, and that their fate was written
on the wall in indelible characters, no part of his
remarks would display a vindictive feeling towards
them.
The old adage that "lie whom the gods intend to
destroy, they first made mad," was never more forci-
bly illustrated in the tide of time, than by the pre-
sent dominant party during the present session of
Congress. Every act of that party proved it. He
recapitulated some of the prominent measures of the
democratic party. The revival of the sub-treasury,
the repeal of the distribution act, the destruction of
the glorious tariff act of 1842, and others, were taken
in review; and he averred that they would be the
winding sheet of the democratic party.—a winding
sheet self-prepared; for the people were ready with
an overwhelming voice to speak the doom of that
party.
Having made these general remarks, he felt called
upon, and it was with great reluctance that he did k;
it was to him the most unwelcome task that was
ever imposed upon him: would to God that the cup
might pass from him! but he felt it to be his duty to
