«64
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
The Tariff—Mr. E. J. Morris.
H. of Reps.
pauperism? Eden, in his history of the poor, says
that the hardships of servitude, and the demand for
manufacturing labor, had converted many of the
villains "into the more useful class of free laborers."
They"are noticed for the first time by act of Par-
liament in 13d0. The wages then paid to reapers
"during the first week in August" were two pence
per day, and from that time to the end of the
month three pence, without food. To weetlel's and
haymakers, one penny per day." But this is too
large an estimate for labor throughout the year.
A large part of the time they Were without employ-
ment. r J
In ^ -1351, duri/ig the reign of Edward III, the
statute oi labor "was enacted, fixing the wages of
weeders and Yiaymakers at the above sum of one
penny per tiay in money, or in wheat at ten pence a
bushel, at the option of the employer. Thus, when
wheaX was high, they were paid in money, and
when low m wheat—not enough, it is said, to buy
clothing. Other restrictions were laid on laborers
under penalties.
In 1360, this statute was confirmed by Parlia-
ment, and its penalties enforced on pain of imprison-
ment and burning in the forehead with iron. As
these acts compelled laborers to work, but not mas-
ters to employ, it is said great numbers of the form-
er "turned out sturdy rogues, and infected the king-
dom with frequent robberies." The terrible dis-
tress and oppression gave rise to the insurrection of
Wat iyler, whose followers were principally of the
class called villains, In 1378, the Commons made
great complaint tli&t these laborers ran away and got
m towns and became artisans.
In 1388, Wages were again regulated, and a plough
driver wis allowed "seven shillings per annum, with
tood. but without clothing, or any perquisite."
1 .ie whole wages of a year would buy seven yards
Of russet cloth—the material commonly worn by the
laborer. '
In 1444 Parliament advanced wages to fifteen
shillings yer year, with three shillings and four
pence for clothing, and meat and drink.
In 1496 wages were advanced to sixteen shillings
eight pence per annum, and four shillings for cloth-
ing.
In 1514 wages were again regulated, but fixed at
the same price; and persons who refused to work
were to be imprisoned, and "every vagabond, whole
and mighty in body," was to be tied to the cat's tail
and whipped "till his body was bloody by means
of such whipping."
Early in the reign of Edward VI (which com-
menced in 1547) other acts were passed, providing
that if any man or woman, able to work, should re-
fuse to labor, and live idly for three days, he or she
should be branded with a red hot iron on the breast
with the letter Y, and should be adjudged to be
slaves for two years, of any person who should in-
form against such idler; and if he ran away from his
master fourteen days, he became a slave for life,
after being branded on the forehead or cheek with
the letter S; and if he ran away a second time, the
punishment was death; and the master was author-
ized to "put a ring of iron about the neck, arms, and
leg of a slave, for a more knowledge and surety of
the keeping of him."
Not to pursue this matter further, I will merely
add, that in the reign of Elizabeth, a writer says,
"the English husbandmen eat barley and brown
bread, and preferred it to white bread, as abiding
longer in the stomach and not so easily digested."
And McCulloch adds, "if their provisions were
coarse and deficient, their clothing and lodging were
incomparably more so."
This, sir, is a brief legislative history for about
two hundred and fifty yeais of that agricultural la-
bor which the manufacturing system has so cruelly
reduced to pauperism. Sir, the pauper of a modern
English poor-house is a bon-vivant as compared with
the laborer of the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth
centuries. It is a little odd that the senator from
New York, while tracing the legislative history of
manufactures and breadstuff's, (matters merely col-
lateral to the question of labor, about which he was
talking,) should not, by some accident, have hit up-
on the very vein of legislation which explored the
question.
But, sir, of whom did this labor then consist' Of a
few operatives or a few peasants? No; but of the
entire people of England. There were two classes
only—the lord of the soil, and the laborer upon the
soil; the gulf between was an impassable gulf.
This was the starting point of manufactures. It
wss from this point that agricultural labor transfer-
red itself to the trades, and handicrafts. I need not
trace their history. Every man has it by heart. It
was on this middle ground, among the artisans, the
tradesmen of England, that labor first knew what
comfort was. ' It Was their constantly increasing in-
fluence Which, reign after reign, exacted concessions
from power, and finally shook the feudal system to
its centre. Where now are the serfs of feudal lords?
Where the vassals of ancient barons? Where the
labor of the twelfth, thirteenth, and fourteenth cen-
turies? It is there, in the mighty Commons of Eng-
land. That is labor, full grown, developed by the
operation of this system, through a course of six
centuries. It is to the labor of England, thus ex-
panded and developed in its middle classes, that she
owes almost all that is glorious in her history and
free in her institutions. The first concession to free-
dom was wrung from a tyrant prince by his mailed
barons. But magna charta, though a tower of
strength, was a huge misshapen mass—rough, but
grand in its proportions; it was the type of the
times in which it was reared. From that time on-
ward, the eye of a philosophic observer sees little
else than the handiwork of the middle classes of her
eidightened labor, as generation after generation ex-
tended and fashioned it to meet the growing wants
of the age. With plummet and line, with hammer
and chisel, they have labored to perfect its propor-
tions, to fill up its gaps, and fit out the whole in a
style of symmetrical beauty, which makes it the fit
dwelling place of justice herself.
Such have been the grand results, personal and
political, of that system which commenced by throw-
ing agricultural labor into manufactures. To over-
look the mighty masses lifted up, and complain that
there is still pauperism there, seems to me a narrow
view of a noble question.
But, suppose it were true that manufactures have
generated pauperism in Great Britain: must it be so
here? Not at all. We have advantages which she
has not. Owing to the price of lands, her manufac-
turing labor cannot find its way into agriculture until
it has made heavy accumulations. Thus compress-
ing the workshop, it accumulates and crowds itself.
It is not s« with us. Here cheap lands afford a con-
stant vent from the woikshop. We may thus have
all the benefits of the system we desire, and not be
subject even to its contingent evils.
But, sir, this question connects itself, too, with the
intelligence and civilization of the country. A high
state of mechanical or manufacturing improvement
has ever marked a people of higher intelligence than
those engaged in producing raw material. Apart
from England, already referred to, and looking to
the continent, we cannot forget that those beams of
light which first fringed with silver the edge of the
dark ages, arose from the cities of Germany, the
parly home of mechanical and manufacturing indus-
try. It was from Ghent the woollen manufacture
came to England. Nay, sir, we might almost say
that the universities of Germany are but higher
emanations of the same spirit. Geneva, with its
little population of twenty-five thousand, has a fame
which knows no limit. It was among her artisans
that the lights of the reformation found an asylum
and a home. Yet her fame rests even more upon
her watchmakers than her universities. They have
grown together, each giving warmth and support to
the other, without which perhaps both had long since
been lifeless—cold as the waters of their own Le-
man. I might run round the world, and upon every
spot where mechanical or manufacturing skill has
flourished, show a people marked for intelligence
and civilization. This, sir, is matter for considera-
tion when patriotism is invoked to shut up the man-
ufactory and the worshop.
From the influences of the system abroad we nat-
urally turn to its influence at home. Shut up your
manufactories and workshops—turn out their in-
mates to agriculture, with nothing but their hands to
keep them—and what is the consequcnce? Field
labor is the least productive, the cheapest of all
labor. In every age and country where communi-
ties have been engrossed in agriculture only, society
has been divided into two classes; he who owns the
soil, and he who works upon the soil—a wide im-
passable gulf between. Here the effect of a general
return to agriculture would be of like character,
though, owing to the cheapness of laird, not so mark-
ed in degree. Its tendencies would be to create and
fix our people in classes. Field labor with us, too,
is the cheapest and least productive of all labor. It
is hard now, in the old States, for a day-laborer to
become a landed proprietor. And yet the first, the
dearest wish of a poor man's heart is for land.
When he lies down to rest he feels that his power
for production stops. But lands, like money at in-
terest, work when he sleeps. Hence his hopes, if
not for himself, for his children. He cannot give
them lands, but he can put them in the way to get
them. He can at least give them trades, and thus
make their labor more valuable than his own. These
trades are now, as in earlier days, the bridge which
spans the gulf; the grand Rialto over which labor
carries its load to the higher ground on the other
side. Destroy these trades, ana you destroy in part
those hopes which have urged the day-laborer to in-
dustry; which have made him a better citizen and a
betterman. Those who are down, you help to keep
down. Such an effect in a country like ours all
must feel, all deprecate.
But, sir, although in the latter part of my remarks
I have avoided the beaten track of this debate, I feel
that I have detained the Senate too long. I can
only beg, in conclusion, that this question be suf-
fered for the present to rest in peace. The business
of the country needs repose, and is in condition to
profit by repose. I had hoped that in this general as-
sault of the democracy upon the act of 1842, as well
as upon the system of protection, welmighthave heard
a voice from Pennsylvania in its defence. Her se-
nior senator [Mr. Buchanan] was a little coy upon
the passage of the bill, and his authority has been
invoked by his friend [Mr. Woodbury] to justify
the present assault. He has had the benefit of a
"sober second thought," and I anticipated, or at
least hoped for, an emphatic disclaimer of the views
imputed to him. We need all our strength to meet
the terrible array against us. New Hampshire and
South Carolina stand side by side. The senator
from New York seems to have enlisted, at least for
this campaign; while the senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] grown wise, he says, at last, doubts
former policy and wheels into column. North,
South, East, and West thus make common cause
against us. New Jersey and Pennsylvania have
common interests. I trust, for the sake of both,
that the latter will not expend all her strength
against an amendment as to railroad iron. We have
not been dipped in the waters of the Styx; we are
vulnerable at more points than one. That amend-
ment is but a skirmish, an affair of detachments;
here is the field-fight: if the banner of protection go
down now, all, all is lost.
SPEECH OF MR. E. J. MORRIS,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives, Jlpnl 24, 1S44—In defence
of the tarift'of 1842, and the protective policy and Amen-
can labor.
Mr. Speaker: If there everwas a law imperatively called
for by the necessities ol the country, it was the tarilf act of
1842. When the 27th Congress met in extra session in the
summor of 1S42, the country presented a scene of distress to
which even the most disastrous periods of our history fur-
nish an inadequate parallel. Not only had the active opera-
tions of trade ceased, and the pursuits of all classes of the
people become embarrassed, but the government itself was
sinking beneath the weight of an increasing debt, which it
had no resources to arrest or extinguish.
Origin of the tariff of 184*2.
In the eight years ol the administration of General Jack-
son and Mr. Van Buren, from 1S31 to 1839, there was an ex-
cess of imports over exports of $235,278,605. During these
eight years $263,70S,033 of imports were admitted duty free,
being three millions more than half of the whole importa-
tion. In those years, also, there was an excess of expendi-
ture over income of $28,577,547 48. and, upon the assem-
bling of the 27th Congress, there was a public debt of
$18,000,000. The Secretary of the Treasury, in his report at
the extra session of 1842, estimated the deficit for the cur-
rent financial year at £14,000.000. The stock of the federal
government was selling below par; and the Secretary of the
Treasury m vain endeavored to negotiate a new loan. The
credit olthe government was at such a low ebb, that no cap-
italist was willmg to risk an investment m its stock ?uch
was the wretched condition to which a lake and destiuc-
tive policy had reduced the government and the people.
There as no longer any excuse for delay in aeoptnig
measures of remedial legislation. The government \\ anted
money, and the people relief from bankruptc\.
Beyond the immediate w ants of the federal go\ ernment,
theie was a\ast manufacturing capital which had giown up
under the tariff system, v Inch needed protection agemst the
excessive importations that -were crushing all branches of
Amencan industry. The paper manufacture, with its six
bundled paper mills, employing a capital ot $16,000,000, and
producing about that amount, and affording support to lifty
thousand persons, required protection against the cheap la-
bor of France, Germany, and Italy. The cotton manufac-
ture, which has grownup sincc 161*6, and which now con-
sumes three hundred thousand bales of cotton, and emplovs
a capital of $25,000,000, and turns out annually one hundred
and fifty millions yards, of the value ol" $16,000,000, also de-
served the fostering care of government
The wool growers—an interest owning twenty millions of
sheep, of the value of $40,000,000, whose product amounts to
fifty millions of pounds, the investment of which is estimated
at $125,000,000—also justly claimed the consideration of an
American Congress.
