April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
______  The Tariff-—Mr. E. J. Moi'ris.
§65
The sugar interest of Louisiana, producing annually sev-
enty millions of pounds—the leather and shoe business
whose annual production is valued at $50,000,000, and
\vmch employs one hundred thousand per&oiis—the great
iron interest, whose annual yield rises to jB5,00rt,<i0u and
which employs 31,.10.5 laborers, to whom it yearly pays the
sum of $18,702,990 in wages—the salt manulaeture, with its
capital of j,6,>)93,04S, and the grai.l aggregate capital of
$400,000,000 invested m mining—the mechanic arts and
manufactures—were all submitted to the guardian care of
the Congress of 1842. That body would have been faithless
to its high trusts—lalse to all the impulses of patriotic du*v
—and criminally reckless of the welfare of the American
people, had it sacrificed this vast amount of American can-
ital to the delusive theories of free trade, by refusing to it
that system of protective duties under which it had grown
up and developed its vast powers of production.
It was with a view to sustain these great 'interests, to
which the community had been invited fcy the policy recom-
mended by Washington, and pursued since the foundation
ol the government, and to rescue the national credit from
disiionor, and to provide means for the paj-ment of the pub-
lic debt, that the tariff act of 1842 was passed. This act was
framed with the purpose of meeting all these objects. The
freneiicial effects of this redeeming measure are in the highest
degree creditable to the sagacity, ioresight, and enlightened
patriotism of its projectors—the whig Congress of 1843.
Let it stand untouched—suiter it to continue its work of
regeneration—and v\ e shall again see the country restored
to prosperity, and every vestige of national debt swept
away. 1
Injurious effects of the new tariff.
I am opposed to any change in the present tariff until we
have practical evidence of the evils which its enemies pre-
met of it Several of the proposed modifications, in the bill
before the House, will have a disastrous influence upon cer-
tain manufactures, and may utterly destroy them. I refer
to its effects on paper, the annual production of which
amounts to two millions of dollars, consuming two hundred
millions of pounds of rags, of which one hundred and fifty
millions of pounds are furnished from this country. The
present duty on paper is about 40 per cent, on the best
quality—the duty proposed 30 per cent, ad valorem.
As the French laws prohibit the exportation of rags, and
as labor in that country is cheaper than in America by
about four-fifths—the American workman receiving a dollar
for that for which the Frenchman is paid twenty cents—it
follows, of course, that paper can be produced more
cheaply in France than m this countrv. Under the pro-
posed rates of duty, Fiench paper could be sold m this
country at an average of ten cents, which would drive the
American, at twelve-and-a-half cents, out of the market.
Under this new duty ol 30 per cent, German paper could
be sold here nt $2 27£ per ream, while the American costs
. $2 75. With the entire command that these low prices
would give the French and Germans of our markets, the
American manufacture would be destroyed.
Pass this bill, and you will, indeed, rcduce the price of
paper; but will this be any compensation for the destrhc-
tion of so much American capital, lor the annihilation of a
branch <jf industry yearly increasing in production and
value, and which engages m its operations so many thou-
sands of our population? Pass this bill, and you will en-
rich the manufacturers of Italy, France, and Germany, but
you will destroy sixteen millions oi domestic capital, you
will deprive filty thousand persons and thpir dependent
families of the means of honest livelihood; and you will
render this country dependent for the material by which
the press scatters its light among the people, upon the capri-
cious and unstable supply of foreign manufacttirers.
The injurious efiects of free trade are very plainly de-
monstrated m the iron manufacture. From 1833 to 1842, du-
ring which period railroad iron was imported free of duty,
the price was kept up at a high rate, having risen from
$34 37 per ton m 1832, to $59 37 in 1840. After IS40, the
demand ceased from this countrv, and the price fell. In
1844, with $25 duly per ton, the pricc is $23 12. The high
price of railroad iron, while it was admitted duty free
proves that, in a period of free trade, we are entirely at the
mercy of the. foreign manufacturer; and its reduction, un-
der heavy duties, sustains the oft-osserted fact, that the du-
ty , for the most part, falls on the producer and not the con-
sumer.
In this interval of free trade, prices were kept at such
rates as the English manufacturers chose. .When over-
production w as apprehended, or the spirit of competition
had_ overstocked the market, resolutions were passed by
the ironmasters to blow out their furnaces, and thus reduce
the quantity. In the English Mining Journal of January
31, 1839, w e arc informed that -'the present state of the iron
trade is very encouraging—that the wise measures which
the ironmasters adopted last year, (when the demand grad-
ually fell off in consequence of the state of affairs in Amer-
ica,) prevented any great reduction in the price of iron:
for, by passing resolutions to blow out their furnaces, and
thus reduce their make, a much healthier state of the iron
trade was secured than could by possibility otherwise have
been expected; and upon the resumption of American
business, prices generally rose to their present very satis-
factory height, $9 common bar." This extract shows the
combinations resorted to in order to fleece the American
consumer for the benefit of the British producer.
I am, sir, in favor of retaining the duty on railroad iron as.
it stands, because it keeps down the price of the foreign ar-
ticle, and because it affords sufficient protection to enable
the American manufacturer to produce an article of as good
quality, and at a fair profit. Under the tariff of 1842 there
nave been erected, at great expense, in Pennsylvania, sev-
eral furnaces for the manufacture of railroad iron by an-
thracite and bituminous coal. Although not a ton of T
rail has yet been made in this country, there is no doubt
whatever of the complete success of these-new establish-
ments, and that they will be able to furnish a fabric of as
good quality as the English, at $55 per ton. The duty in
the present tariff* was laid to establish and encourage this-
new manufacture. If it is suffered to remain, it will create
a large amoant of new capital, and add another branch of
industry to the national production.
Jhe heavy importations of iron have contributed to that
excessive expoitation of specic from this country which
"m t 7T embarrassments in the tiade and in the
fnriW'wtr'of tIle PUIreIlc>'- As no encouragement wasaf-
f ?,ed ,for manulaeture of railroad iron in this cou ntry by
W,'tl1 n U ;2' °"r railr a^ were laid entirely
of™1„rfSh rai,L .n?w ibout clS!lt thousand miles
ol railroads*, each mile of which requires seventy tons taking
if. Per as "!a, average price, each mile would cost
? ' "n;i tlle who.e would amount to $28,000,000! Even-
dollar of this twenty-cighi millions has been expended out
ol this country, while we possessed the material and skill
to make the same article at home! Instead of encouraging
the domestic manufacture, the government has crushed eve?-
rj effort m its incipient stages. In 1832, four forges were
erected for producing railroad iron, but they had 110 sooner
commenced operations than they were forced, by the suici-
dal policy of the government, to extinguish their fires
I he duties in the tariff' of 1842 were imposed to arrest the
ruinous drain of the precious metals caused by the immense
purchases of British iron, and to build up a home produc-
tion, If they continue unchanged, we shall soon see our
railroads laid with American iron.
li Sri1-not be Pretended that the countrymen of Fulton
and Whitney have not sufficient ingenuity and skill to man-
ulaeture railroad iron Already ourmlant nation has taught
the kingdoms of the Old World the power of steam and the
mode of applying it to navigation. The improvements in
machinery and in the processes of manufacture in this coun-
try , keep pace with those of the most enlightened nation of
Europe. In the progress of halfaceutury, mechanical skill
and intellectual power have made developments m the Uni-
ted States which surpass some of the proudest achievements
oi England in her long career of glory.
The American traveller in Europe will find just cause
lor patriotic pride in seeing American locomotives upon the
railroads of Prussia, Austria, and Russia. While most of
the European nations import their locomotives and steam-
boat machinery from England, and the Adriatic and Medi-
terranean are traversed by steamboats of English construc-
tion, bearing the Austrian, French, and Ottoman flags, such
lias been the superior progress of our countrymen in all
that relates to the application of steam, that Amem-an loco-
motives are now used upon some of the Knglish railroads
On the great Manchester road there is an engine, the prod-
uct of Philadelphia skill, which, in its puw ei of draft
speed, and strength, has not as yet been equalled by British
ingenuity. Why is it, then, with so many evidences of
American success in manufactures and the arts, under a
system of prudent protection, that encouragement should
not be given to the production of one of the most important
of iron fabrics7 Why should we be dependent on foreign
countries foi an aitiole, the raw material of which exists m
such abundance in the mountain ranges that traverse the
States of the Union, and where it lies side by side with the
inexhaustible beds of the mineral which is to render it plia-
ble to the hand of the forgesmxth? No gentleman on this
floor will be bold enough to assert that the manufacture of
railroad iron is beyond the capacity of his countrymen.
Unless this be established, there cannot be any reason what-
ever for a repeal of the present duties, until the experiment
be fairly tested.
The duty on railroad iron is not, as has been asserted, out
of proportion to the rates on other articles. By comparing
the protection afforded to the sugar-planter and the iron-ma-
kcr, it will be seen that there is a large difference in favor
of the former:
1642—Imported into the United States.
H. of Reps
Tons of iron,
Tons of sugar,
Off for box and
hogshead,
69,382
$3,390,000
5,434,750
1,000,000
4,434,750
U. States
duties.
2,033,943
3,900,000
Ad val.
duty.
60 pr. c.
) pr c.
Or, in other words, the duty on sugar is $56 per ton, and
on railroad iron $25 per ton.
From this calculation, it will be seen that the sugar-plant-
er of Louisiana has a protection of 30 per cent, ad valorem
more than the iron-manufacturers; and that, to make them
equal, under the tariff of 1842^the duty on raw brown su-
gar should be restored to $2 per one hundred pounds. The
teouth has no reason to complain of the existing tariff as
oppressive and burdensome, and too partial to the northern
manufacturer, with such duties on sugar—an article exclu-
sively of southern production.
Had I, Mr. Speaker, no other motive for opposing the new
tariff, I should find ample reason in the inquisitorial tyran-
ny with which it searches out the smallest manufactures as
objects of its vindictive attacks. The humbler pursuits
which require small capitals, and afford employment to
great number's of industrious mechanics, will be deprived of
any protection, by the proposed duties, sufficient to sustain
them against the overwhelming competition of foreign la-
bor. I never could have supposed that aparty, assuming to
itself exclusively the attributes of democracy, and profess-
ing such a high regard for the interests of the mechanic,
would have reported a bill waging such disastrous war up-
on the blacksmith, the shoemaker, the hand-loom weaver,
the seamstress, the tailor, and the hatter.
The duties on ready-made clothing, a manufacture which
employs many hundred persons, male and female, in the dis-
trict which I have the honor to represent, are to be reduced
from 50 per.cent. to 30 per cent.; the value to be settled by
the importer, whose interest it is to depreciate as> much as
possible the real value of the article. This reduction will
be ruinous to the American workman, who, under its opera-
tions,-will soon be driven out of market and out of work, by
the refuse stocks of English and French manufacture thrown
into this country in such quantities as to break down our
domestic establishments.
The duty on boots and bootees is to be reduced to 30 per
cent.—a<luty which will again, as in past years, overstock
the market with excessive importations from France, and
Per cent
- 30'
30
55
43
35
30
30
188
80
82
43
43
30
30
37
25
30
SI
30
t Proposed duty.
Pfr rent.
20}
20
20
30
30
30
30
30
25
25
25
25
15
25
30
20
??/U*Sie^ £r?at *oss profit to the American shoemaker,
with the depression of business that this starving rate of
duty will produce, there will follow a ruinous reduction of
w ages among the journeymen shoomokeis- a class of me-
chanics whose labor is of the severest kii.d, and eminently
deserving of a liberal remuneration. 1 should deem myself
lrtlse to every obligation of dutj to my constituents, and ne-
glectlul of their interests, did I not piotest in the most sol-
emn manner against this attack upon one of their means of
livelihood, and this open sacrifice of one of the most im-
portant branches of American industry
The following table will further illustrate thr .-fleets ol
this new tariff upon mechanics:
Effect upon Mechanics
Mits, caps, binding, and hosiery -
Umbrellas, parasols, and sun shades
Silk hats, bonnets, &c. -
Plat bodies -
Hats and bonnets of vegetable substances
India rubber shoes -
Clocks -
Untarred cordage -
Iron cables and chams
Cut and wrought spikes -
Cut nails -
Brass kettles (hammered) -
Japanned, plated, and gilt ware •
Cutlery of all kinds •
Sole leather -
Calfskins -
Bricks and paving tiles
Metal buttons ....
Hard soap -
China ware ...
* Present duty.
From a review of this table, it would be supposed that the
Committee of Ways and Means had drawn up their bill ex-
pressly for the benefit of the foreign mechanic, and that in
their opinion it would be much better to supply ourselves
with cheap foreign importations than to support the Ameri-
can laborer. To every manufacture which has made much
progress in Great-"Britain, the products of which are now
poured into all the markets of the world, the committee
evince a stiong partiality. For the sake of encouraging the
consumption of loreign fabrics, the duty on coarse cottons
is reduced from 120 per cent, to 30 per cent.; on woollen fab-
rics, from 40 to 30 per cent, on carpetings, treble grain,
from 87 to 30 per cent.; on cotton bagging, from 53 to 30 per
cent.; on oil cloths, from 30 to 10 percent; on window glass,
8 by 10, from 62 to 30 per cent.; on 12 by 16, from 165 to 30
pei cent.; on gunpowder, from 61 to 30 per cent.; on pins
from 53 and 59 to 30 per cent.; on manufactured rolled iron,'
from $25 to $20 per ton; anchors, from 44 to 30 per cent., iron
cast vessels, from 45 to 30 per cent.; pig iron, from 76 to 56
per cent.; on lead, in pigs, from 66 to 30 per cent., &c.
By the proposed reduction of the duties on woollen cloths
to 25 per cent., the American manufacturer will pay on his
wool precisely the same duty which the English manufac-
turer pays on his cloth exported to this countiy.
The woollen manufacture requires encouragement, and
cannot well flourish under a lower rate of protection. In
coarse woollens we have, since 1615, made such progres as
to supply the homo demand at fair prices, and to ship con-
siderable quantities to foreign countries. In the finer arti-
cles of woollen manufacture, the English, French, and Ger-
mans, still successfully compete with us. Should the pres-
ent duties he continued for a period of years, American
broadcloths will be produced of equal quality with the best
fabrics of foreign looms. The importation of woollen man-
ufactures in 1636, was $21,050,003, and in 1842, $8,375,725,
less $12,704,728—a diminution which very clearly indicates
the progress of the home manufacture under the fostering
influence of protective duties.
These reductions sufficiently demonstrate the anti-Ameri-
can tendencies of this new bill—a bill which, if rumor be
credible, was framed in accordance with the views of the
British importers, whom the committee called to their
counsels, to the exclusion of the American merchant, whose
unyielding patriotism had no suggestions to make of mea-
sures inimical to the well-being of his country and the pros-
perity of his fellow-citizens.
Free trade and protection compared.
The 12th section of the tariff' bill before the House de-
clares that all ad valorem duties, exceeding 25 per cent,
shall be reduced to that rate on and after September 1,
1845. Twenty-five percent, is the maximum of protection
the committee can afford, no matter how necessary a higher
duty may be to the support of certain manufactures, and to
the preservation of a just balance of trade. The committee
regard protection as a mere accidental question, that may
be disregarded without any public detriment. Revenue, I
admit, ought to be the leading principle m the formation of
any tariff". Next to revenue, however, the adjustment of
the tariff', so as to prevent a constant drain of specie—to
guard against a frequent excess of imports over exports,
and to pxeserve a fair equality oftrade—is a consideration of
the highest importance.
How is this object to be .attained, but by the encourage-
ment of domestic manufactures, which, contributing to the
supply of the wants of our population, will obviate the dan-
gers of large imports? The development of American in-
dustry, the creation of capital to carry on its operations, the
stimulus that it gives to trade, the distribution of wealth and
comfort that it promotes, deserve the attention of every
statesman who desires to see this country prosperous, rich,
aid independent. Without protection—with free trade in
full operation from 1789 to the present time, 'what would
have been the condition of the United States' What was
our colonial history under this system? The colonies were
not allowed by Great Britain to engage in any manufac-
tures; their trade which, by certain arbitrary laws, was
chiefly confined to the mother country, consisted in the ex-
change of raw products for manufactured goods. I need not
refer to the tyrannical edicts by which all attempts at es-
tablishing1 rnan'ufactures in the colonies were suppressed, or
to the declaration of Lord Chatham, that he did not wish to
see America able even to manufacture a hobnail. The hos-
tility^ of England to American industry was one of the list
of grievances that drove our ancestors to the revolutionary
