CONGRESSIONAL GLOBD.
there had been a breach of the peace and of order
in the presence of the House.
Mr. WHITE was glad the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had qualified his remarks, but still he took ex-
ception to them. He proceeded to make other re-
marks, at some length, but he was very imperfectly
heard. He was understood to contend that censure
should not be visited on either himself or the gen-
tleman from New York, without an investigation
into the facts and circumstances of the case. He
also expressed his regret that such a scene had oc-
curred, but said he could not be provoked into any
assertion of his innocence, or any accusation of the
gentleman from New York. Whether either or
berth were guilty, or neither, he sincerely regretted
fke occurrence, for the House would participate in
/the disgrace.
Mr. RATHEUN remarked that he was a young
member on this floor; he knew but little, by expe-
rience, of the business of legislation having com-
menced, for the first time in his life, business of this
kmd at the present session; and perhaps, owing to
that fact, he was more likely to become excited, and
was more liable to err, tlian those who had been long
accustomed to seats on this floor. That he had
erred, whatever might be his excuse, and whatever
his justification, he was not disposed to deny. He
knew it was due to the character of this House, it
was due to the country, if he had been ever so much
wronged, and respect for its dignity would prompt
him to make a proper submission. And he regret-
ted exceedingly that a moment's reflection had not
been permitted (might he not say) to each of them.
Though he said this, it must not be supposed that
he intended to impute any thing wrong to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, or to attempt any justifica-
tion of himself. He left the whole matter, as the
gentleman from Kentucky had left it, to be investi-
gated in the proper form—by a committee; and it
it were found that the whole fault was his, he was
ready to submit to the judgment and the action of
the House. To say that he regretted the occurrence
as inflicting, in some degree, upon his fellow mem-
bers in that House an indignity, was not to express
the full extent of his regret. He regretted it on ac-
count of his constituents. They were a peaceable and
quiet people, and it would givet hem pain to be inform-
ed that, in anything which occurred in that House, the
conduct of their representative had not conformed
to their disposition. But what had been done could
not be recalled. He desired that a committee
should be appointed, and that an investigation
should be had; and that the blame, if any, should
fall where it properly belonged. It might be deemed
that an apology was due from him to the House, as
he had been guilty of what looked certainly more
like fighting to-day, than he ever had been before in
his life, or,, as he hoped, ever would be again. He
was, like other men, subject to passion, and it was
often more hasty than he could wish. He would
add, moreover, that he never treasured hate.
Whatever may have occurred was occasioned
by the exritement of the moment, and that
being passed, he regretted the occurrence. He
might say he regretted it more than any circumstance
of his life; but, inasmuch as it could not, be recalled,
he was willing to submit the whole matter to the
judgment of the House, and abide by what the
House should thereupon determine.
Mr. WHITE said, after what had fallen from the
gentleman from New York, he was ready to re-
spond to the gentleman in equal terms of concilia-
tion. He had no desire to be considered'guilty of
harboring feelings of animosity. lie frankly ten-
dered the gentleman his hand.
Messrs. White and Rathbun here shook hands,
amidst the general acclamation of the House.
Mr. HARDIN moved that the various proposi-
tions in relation to this matter be laid upon the table.
That proposition being withdrawn, however,
Mr. C. JOHNSON rose and said, he trusted the
reconciliation between the parties would _ be satis-
factory to the House; and he proposed, in lieu of the
proposition before them, that the Judiciary Com-
mitte be instructed to report a bill to prevent, in
future, the occurrence of scenes of violence upon this
fi°Mr. HOLMES said it was his good or bad for-
tune to have been absent from the House durmg
the enactment of the late disgraceful scene. He
conceived it to be his solemn duty, however, with-
out any respect to persons—a duty which he owed
to his constituents, and to the country—to move
the resolution which he would now send to the
Clerk'3 table.
Mr. H. sent up a resolution to the effect that
Messrs. Rathbun and White be expelled from
that House.
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution was
not in order.
Mr. CHAPPELL said, like the gentleman from
South Carolina, it had been his good or bad fortune
not to be a witness of the deplorable scene, which
had occurred, and which could not fail to bring dis-
credit upon the House and the country. He could
not consent that the matter should be abandoned 111
this way. Where would be the dignity of the
House, if such a course were to be pursued? He
hoped an investigation would be had, and the proper
censure bestowed where it was merited.
Mr. WHITE said he did not object to the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina, and
hoped no pshtical friend of his would interpose any
obstacle to its passage. The gentleman was no po-
litical friend of his; but on this occasion, as on others,
he had manifested "that magnanimity and high sense
of honor which had always characterized hint. All
that he had done on this occasion challenged his
highest respect. He was willing, if it was the pleasure
of the House, that the fullest investigation should
be had, and he hoped that his friend from Georgia
would withdraw his motion to lay the subject on the
table. Fiatjustitia, mat ccclum.
Mr. HOLMES made some remarks, which were
heard too indistinctly, owing to the position he took
in the hall, to be reported with accuracy. He was
understood to repeat his deep regret at the unhappy
occurrence which had been witnessed that morning
in the hall, and to express the opinion that it was
due to the reputation and dignity of the House
that justice should be done without being influenced
by any considerations on account of the individuals
concerned. In illustration, he referred to the case of
Titus Manlius, son of the Roman Consul, who, in
returning victorious with the spoils of the enemy
he had vanquished, was put to death by his own
father for disobeying his orders. Mr. H. thought
that there were scarcely any circumstances that
could justify the conduct of the two members, and
that they deserved the severest censure of the
House.
Mr. DICKINSON thought the matter had been
settled to the satisfaction of the House and the two
gentlemen concerned, and that it ought now
to be ended. If the dignity of the House wasio be
preserved, it must be done when there was a better
temper than seemed to exist at present. He would
therefore propose that the House now adjourn.
Mr. DROMGOOLE hoped the House would not
now adjourn. There was another breach of deco-
rum which the House ought to take notice of. He
understood that, at the door of the House, a police
officer had been shot down by a person unknown to
him, who was shooting at a member of the House.
Some order should be taken in regard to this matter.
He did not pretend to point out what course should
be pursued. Perhaps the House might determine
to turn the criminal over to the courts of justice; or
it might act upon the matter itself. He understood
the individual was in custody.
Mr. G. DAVIS said that the unfortunate individ-
ual who had been taken into custody was a con-
stituent of his, a very respectable man, and the son
of a revolutionary officer. He had been in this city
for some time, prosecuting a claim for the half pay
due his father.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said he had a resolution on the
subject^
Mr. G. DAVIS said he would not detain the
House. He had only one remark to make, and that
was, it was due to the individual that his case
should not be prejudged. He supposed that a com-
mittee would be appointed, and that they would
inquire into this case. To this he had no objec-
tions.
Mr. ELMER was of opinion that they owed it
to the dignity and reputation of the House to adopt
the resolution of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina. The House had been frequently involved in
occurrences of this kind, and it was time that some-
thing was done to prevent a recurrence of such
scenes. The gentlemen [Messrs. Rathbun and
White] had both expressed their regret at what
had taken place; but still there was something due to
the dignity of the national legislature, which had
been violated on this occasion, and the matter should
be investigated, and then the House should deliber-
ate what order should be taken in the premises.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said that, when he was
last up, he was under the impression that the reso-
lution had been withdrawn. finding that this had
not been done, he now offered a resolutions as .an
amendment, ihat the select committee should be in-
structed to report a bill providing for the prevention
of any such occurrences in the House or its purlieus.
Mr. J. then sent up to the table an amendment to the
effect as above; which was read.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL suggested whether it
would not be better to omit all notice of the ease be-
fore the House; and without casting a retrospective
glance at the past, provide for the future. He was
not sure that this could be done; but he was Sure
that it could not be, if the inquiries of the commit-
tee were directed to the past.
Mr. THOMPSON proposed to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment. He thought it was abso-
lutely necessary that there should be an investiga-
tion, as contemplated by the resolution; and he pro-
posed to extend it to another occurrence, in which
the order of the House had been violated. Since he
had the honor of being a member of that House, he
had witnessed two or three similar occurrences; and
he thought he had never seen one in which there
was so much disorder and so much difficulty in re-
storing order as the present occasion. Connected
with this matter, also, was an outrage offered to the
House by the firing of a pistol at one of its members,
by which one of the officers was severely wounded.
He supposed it was the first time that a pistol had
ever been fired in that hall. The committee should
also examine into, and report the facts in relation to
this assault upon an officer of the House; and re-
port, further, whether there was any connexion be-
tween that case and the rencontre between the two
members.
There was another circumstance connected with
this matter which also deserved investigation. We
should, said he, guard ourselves against the idea go-
ing abroad that we have armed guards around the
hall, and that men are introduced into it with con-
cealed arms about them; and this, he said, was the
ugliest circumstance connected with the affair. That
two members of the House, in the sudden excite-
ment of feeling, should strike at each other, would
not create so much surprise, and might admit of
some palliation; but that an individual admitted into
the hall should shoot at one of the members 
Mr. G. DAVIS hoped the gentleman would re-
frain from making any remarks calculated to preju-
dice the case of the individual.
Mr. THOMPSON said that such certainly
was not his intention. He thought it his duty to
submit an amendment; and, in doing so, it was ne-
cesssry to explain the circumstances which gave
rise to it. It would be also necessary for him to
state that those members were in their places when
the difficulty took place between them; but that the
individual who fired the pistol was where he had
no right to be. That person came within the bar,
and one of the members told him he had no right to
be there: he resisted, and, for putting him out, he
drew a pistol and fired it at the member. This was
an outrage which deserved investigation. He did
not intend to enlarge on this subject, or create any
prejudices against the individual; but hethought the
matter deserved investigation.
Mr. T. then offered, as an amendment to the
amendment, that the committee also inquire and re-
port to the House the facts connected with the firing
of a pistol, by which one of its officers was
wounded.
Some conversation ensued between Mr. BAR-
NARD and Mr. WHITE.
Mr. BARNARD said nothing on earth could jus-
tify the occurrence which they had witnessed.
Mr. WHITE asked the gentleman from New
York if nothing on earth could justify self-defence.
Mr. BARNARD proceeded with his remarks at
some length, in a very low tone of voice.
Mr. STEWART moved the previous question.
The previous question was sustained by the
House, and the Speaker stated the question to be
on the amendment to the amendment, which was
offered by Mr. Thompson. The amendment to the
amendment was agreed to, also the amendment
(Mr. C. Johnson's) as amended, and likewise the
original resolution as amended.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then oflered a resolution, to
the effect that Wm. S. Moore, now in custody 01
the Sergeant-at-Arms, "be imprisoned until the end
of the present session for contempt.
Objections were made to the resolution.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to amend the resolu-
tion, so that it should provide that Wm. S. Moore
