$u
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be detained in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms
until the further orders of the House.
Mr. PAYNE moved that the prisoner be deliv-
ered to the civil authorities of the District, to be
tried on the charge of having fired a pistol, with the
supposed intent to kill a member of this House, and
therewith wounding an officer of this House.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
PAYNE, PETTIT, W. J. BROWN, BELSER, and
some others.
Mr. HOPKINS moved the previous question;
which being seconded, and the main question order-
ed to be now put, being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Payne, the amendment was negatived.
The question then recurred upon the original res-
olution, and it was adopted.
Mr. WHITE rose and remarked, that, in refer-
ence to the individual by whom the shot was fired,
although he was informed that he was from the State
of Kentucky, he had no knowledge of the man what-
ever.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. REDING: The petition of 53 ci'izcns of Coos
county, N. H., praying for a reduction m the rates of poet-
age, and an abolition of the franking privilege: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Also,
the petitions of Rebecca Demary, Violette Vaughan Eliza-
beth Burley, Lydia Colby, Lucy Howe, Elizabeth Currier,
i'helie Pike, Meriam Swam, Dolly Sanborn, fcluniae Haines,
and Hannah Rundlctt, for the continuance of their pensions
from the 4th of March, 1841, to the 4th of March, 1843, and
from the 4th of March, 1814, during their natural lives: re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
By Mr. McCLERNAND: The petition of Horace L. Bow-
yer, and 118 others, citizens of the States of Illinois and
Kentucky, praying the establishment of a post route from
Faducah, in the State of Kentucky, via Metropolis, Vienna,
and Marion, to Mount Vernon, in the State of Illinois;
which v. as referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
By Mr. BOYD: A petition for a mail-coach route from
Paducah, in Kentucky, via .Metropolis, Vienna, Marion, -and
Frankfort, to Mount Vernon, in Illinois
IN SENATE.
Wednespat, April 24, 1844.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from Thomas
Herrick, of Maine, praying compensation for carry-
ing the mail: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Pleads.
Also, a memorial, signed by William Emmons,
and a large number of other persons of the State of
Maine, setting forth their objections to the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition, signed by
citizens of Monroe county, New York, setting forth
the recent injuries to the harbor at the mouth of
Genesee river, and asking for an appropriation for
the repair and preservation of the works there: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. UPHAM presented a remonstrance of citi-
zens of Townshcnd, Windham county, Vermont,
against any alteration of the present tariff, and
against the annexation of Texas to the United
States: referred to the Committee on Finance and
the Committee oil Foreign Relations.
Mr. U. also presented a petition from Sabra Shep-
ard, praying for the renewal of her pension: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented two memorials
from citizens of Pennsylvania, protesting strongly
against any change of the existing tariff: referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented remonstrances
from the counties of Queen, Seneca, Oneida,and
Ontario, New York, against the annexation of
Texas to the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. T. also presented a memorial from Steuben-
ville, Ohio, and 15 memorials from different portions
of the State of New York, against any alteration of
the present tariff: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a petition from the
heirs of John Stiley, deceased, praying indemnity
by the grant of lands m lieu of those which were
granted him in the northwestern territory, and sub-
sequently sold by the United States: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. M. presented a memorial from citizens of
Cuyahoga county, Ohio, remonstrating against^the
ratification of any treaty for the annexation of Texas
to the United States: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEMPLE presented a memorial from 316
citizens of Illinois, praying for the establishment of
a national armory at old Foit Massac in that State:
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ATHERTON presented additional evidence
in support of the claims of the heirs of Major
Thomas Maguire; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and the adverse report of that
committee, heretofore made on the bill from the
House upon the subject, was recommitted to the
same committee.
Mr. WALKER presented the proceedings of
a large meeting held at the court-house in the city of
Philadelphia, on Monday, the 22d April, in favor of
the annexation of Texas; which were read, and re-
ferred to the Committee oh Foreign Relations.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the proceedings of a
public meeting, held in Bainbridge, Geauga county,
Ohio, without distinction of party, in opposition to
the annexation of Texas to the Union; which weie
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations;
and, on motion by Mr. T., all the memorials he
had heretofore presented on this subject were taken
from the table and committed to the same com-
mittee.
Also, presented a petition from citizens of Cleve-
land, Ohio, asking Congress to take such measures
to open the communication between Lake Superior
and Lake Huron as will be most for the interest of
the commerce of the West: referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Committee on
Finance was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill from the House making appropria-
tions for certain improvements in the Territory of
Iowa, and it was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of George
Griffith for the renewal of the pension of Mrs.
Green, moved that that committee be discharged
from its further consideration, on the ground that
the principles of the petition had been embraced in
a general report. The committee was discharged,
and the report accompanying the motion for dis-
charge was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FRANCIS presented the protest and declara-
tion of the State of Rhode Island against any inter-
ference by Congress with the. internal government
and constitution of that State. In this protest they
assert that, under the charter form of government
under which they have always lived, until the adop-
tion of the present constitution, they joined with
the other States in the war of the revolution, as an
independent and sovereign State; that, as such, and
under the same government, they joined the confed-
eration in 1778, by which their freedom and inde-
pendence were solemnly guarantied to them; that,
under tlie same form of government, then recog-
nised as republican, they became one of the United
States, ana received a guaranty of protection against
invasion and domestic violence. They state that a
memorial has been sent to Congress, and presented
in one branch thereof, requesting Congress to inter-
fere and subvert the present constitution of that
State. They protest against the right of Congress
notr to inquire whether the late charter form of gov-
ernment of that State was republican, after it had
been so lon° recognised as such; and also against
the right of Congress to inquire into the question
whether the present constitution of Rhode Island is
the lawful one, the same having been decided so to
be by the people of that State, and being republican
in its form; and against any interference whatever in
their internal concerns by this government, as tend-
ing to eucourage a spirit of discontent, and excite
insuirection and rebellion. The protest was ordered
to lie on the tabic, and be printed.
Mr. ALLEN desired to ask the senator from
Rhode Island whether it was his intention to call up
hereafter the papers just presented and laid on the
table, with a view to their reference, or any other ac-
tion upon them.
Mr. FRANCIS replied in the negative.
Mr. SEMPLE gave notice that he would, to-mor-
row, ask leave to introduce a bill to establish the
national armory for the West at Fort Massac, Illi-
nois.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE AND ABATEMENT
OF THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the bill to reduce
the rates of postage, to limit the use and correct the
abuse of the franking privilege, and for the preven-
tion of frauds on the revenue of the Post Office De-
partment, was taken up, as printed with the amend-
ments heretofore adopted.
The CHAIR stated that the pending question was,
on motion of the senator from Virginia, [Mr. Ar-
cher,] to strike out all after the 4th line,in the 8th sec-
tion and insert after the words, "That each member
of the Senate, each member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and each delegate from a Territory of the
United States," the words, "Shall be authorized to
frank and receive hereafter, letters in manuscript,
notjexceeding one-half ounce in weight each."
Mr. SIMMONS objected that the amendment,
without intending it, would have the effect of cutting
off the privilege of receiving communications ex-
ceeding half announce in weight—a privilege contin-
ued by another part of the bill authorizing the ex-
cess of weight to be charged to the contingent fund,
when it appeared that the communication was on
congressional business. He suggested the propri-
ety of some modification to avoid this effect.
Mr. ARCHER observed that it was not his in-
tention that his amendment should have the effect
objected to by the senator from Rhode Island.
Mr.,BUCHANAN was very sorry his friend
from Virginia had introduced this amendment at
all. If the cheap postage system was to established,
the whole principle should be carried out; and that
it was impossible to carry out as long as the frank-
ing privilege, as it now exists, was retained to any
considerable extent, such as this amendment would
involve. He would rather confer upon members of
Congress the privilege of franking their own speech-
es or printed matter, than the power of franking let-
ters at all, during the recess of Congress, on their
own private affairs. This he considered a personal
privilege which placed members of Congress on a
footing different from that of other citizens. It was
one he could not vote for after denying it to post-
masters.
Mr. ARCHER said he would conform to the
proposition of the senator from Rhode Island, by
varying his motion so as.to retain the 8th section,
and add to it a proviso, that each member of the
Senate, each member of the House, and each dele-
gate of a Territory, may be authorized to frank and
receive letters in manuscript, not exceeding half an
ounce each in weight, during the recess of Qon-
gress.
Mr. MERRICK reiterated his arguments against
any amendment proposing to extend the franking
privilege beyond the modified form presented in the
bill as now printed. Pie sincerely hoped the amend-
mentjwould not prevail.
Mr. WRIGHT understood the proposition of the
Senator from Virginia now to be, to leave the bill
as it is, and add a proviso extending the franking
privilege of members of Congress to the recess.
The CHAIR observed that it was understood the
Senator from Virginia intended, though not yet so
expressed, that his motion to amend was to be ex
tended to the 9th section.
Mr. ARCHER remarked that, if his present
amendment prevailed, he would follow it up by a
motion to strike out the 9th section, which would
then be unnecessary.
Mr. W RIGHT observed that he yesterday un-
derstood the object of the Senator from Virginia
to be, to change the plan of furnishing free stamps
to members, into a privilege of franking and receiv-
ing letters not exceeding half an ounce in weight,
during the session of Congress. Now it extends the
privilege to the recess, leaving the free-cover plan
still in force for the session of Congress. He should
very much prefer the motion made by the senator
yesterday.
Here an informal discussion arose, in which it
was pointed out that the objections could be removed
by further amendment.
Mr. MERRICK called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. HAYWOOD said he felt embarrassed, in be-
ing called upon to vote for the amendment, sepa-
rated from the question of striking -out the 9th sec-
tion, the one being contingent on the other.
After a short debate on this point, Mr. ARCHER
said, if the senator from North Carolina would of-
fer the modification he desired, he (Mr. A.) would
accept it.
Mr. MERRICK raised a point of order, the Sen-
ate having already refused to strike out the ninth
section.
The CHAIR decided that the former motion hav-
ing been simply one to strike out, and the present
