CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
motion being one to strike out and insert, the latter
was a new proposition, and consequently in order.
Mr. SIMMONS made a few observations not dis-
tinctly heard, but understood to be in relation to
the advantage which would result from removing
the objections so strongly urged against the abuses
of the franking privilege.
Mr. MERRICK further urged the necessity
of members yielding up their personal privileges
for the general good.
Mr. SIMMONS said the operation of theamend-
ment would not be such as the chairman of the
Post Office Committee imagined.
Mr. ARCHER accepted the proposition of the
senator from North Carolina, to strike out the ninth
section. His amendment, in substance, would
amount to merely changing the proposed modifica-
tion of the franking privilege—that of substituting
free covers with regard to letters sent, and the re-
ceipt or communications, by reinstating the frank-
ing privilege as it now exists, merely limiting it to
the franking and free receipt of manuscript letters
not exceeding half an ounce in weight. Mr. A.
showed that this would be a just and proper mode
of preserving a great public privilege, and at the
same time so limiting it that it could not affect the
revenue of the department injuriously.
-The CHAIR then stated the question pending to
be on striking out the ninth section, ana inserting
at the end of the eighth section the proviso moved
by the senator from Virginia; on which the yeas
and nays had been called for and ordered.
Mr. BUCHANAN said the senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Simmoks] would now perceive what was
the end of all his calculations. The 9th section had
to be stricken out. The senator from Maryland
[Mr. Merrick] had given notice that the word
'fsent" was to be inserted in the 8th section, after
the word "received." As to the franking privilege,
it was to be restored entirely to its present state,
with this single exception—that during the recess of
Congress, members should have the right to frank
and receive manuscript letters and documents, not
exceeding half an ounce in weight. At present, the
right extended to two ounces. Now the whole
change in the question was, whether members of
Congress should pass this bill, reserving to them-
selves the franking privilege entirely as it now ex-
existed, with the single exception that they franked
manuscript letters during the recess, weighing two
ounces, under the present regulation, but were
limited by this amendment to letters weighing half
an ounce. The Sehate was now to decide the ques-
tion; for it was the great point whether the country
was to have a cheap postage system on correct
principles, or not.
He desired to ask this question. Had there been
a single application made to the House of Represent-
atives or the Senate, that did not complain of the
abuse of the franking privilege? They had received
resolutions from eight States, and petitions and me-
morials from thousands and tens of thousands of
the people. The majority of these asked, not for
the abatement of the'privilege, but for its entire abo-
lition.
It was reduced by this bill, so far as it concerned
public documents sent by either House of Congress;
it was reduced, so far as regarded the receiv-
ing of them; and, for thirty days before and
thirty days after the session, a member had the
privilege of sending, by stamp, five letters a day to
his constituents. The proposition now before the
Senate was to restore that right without any dimi-
nution whatever, except in regard to the reduction
ef weight from two ounces to half an ounce, during
the recess of Congress. As to the printed matter,
there could be sent, under the amendment proposed
by the senator from Virginia, all that had ever been
sent during the whole session, and for thirty days
before and after. The senator from Virginia had
ao-reed to accept, that modification as a part of his
system, which system was to restore the present
franking privilege. Could it be possible that the
Senate of the United States, after all it had done,
was about to pursue that course? The franking
privilege had been abused, and it was abused, even
by the best in either body. They could not avoid
doing it. Was there a senator present who did not
receive letters under cover to himself, directed to
some person in this city? It was the only abuse pf
the franking privilege he had ever himself commit-
ted. He had received such letters frequently; and
he generally delivered them to the persons to whom
they were directed. He had often written to his
correspondents and requested them not to do it any
more. He had never franked letters for a gentle-
man; but, when a lady made such a request of him,
he had not the heart to refuse her. In the year
1840, he had found franks in this city at the pub-
lic hotels, to almost any number; and, as the sena-
tor from Maryland [Mr. Merrick] said, the
principals of schools had called upon members of
Congress, and obtained from them bundles of franks,
for the purpose of avoiding postage in these insti-
tutions. He believed the country had become con-
vinced that this franking privilege had been most
grossly abused.
He was not opposed to retaining this privilege,
so far as it was made a means of convenience in
transmitting papers and documents, of public im-
portance, in preference to the private letters of mem-
bers; but he did not like the proposed system of
doing this by stamps any more than the senator
from Virginia. He would rather they should be
stricken out altogether; but he believed the majority
of the Senate thought otherwise. As to the forging
of stamps, there was no danger of that. The
whole-system in England was carried on by stamps;
the penny-post was carried on by stamps; and the
government took care that they should be so exe-
cuted that they could not be forged.
While this bill regulated the franking privilege,
and gave to members of Congress all the privilege
they desired, to receive letters free of postage
during the session, and to send five letters a day to
their constituents, it removed all that suspicion from
the public mind which now attached itself to those
who enjoyed the privilege. That suspicion did ex-
ist in the public mind, might be seen from the nu-
merous memorials presented herefrom day to day.
Should members then hold to this privilege undi-
minished, with the grasp of fate? Many a day
passed over his head, at home, during which he did
not write a single letter; and the franks to be given
him during the session of Congress would not cover
one-half the letters that he was obliged to write.
Still he wanted to be free from all suspicion—from
all imputation. If the franking privilege was re-
stored, it would not be so very small a thing as the
senator from Rhode Island seemed to imagine. It
was a loss to the Post Office Department of §60,000
a year. According to the estimate in October, it
was only $30,000; but double the amount of letters
were franked during the session of Congress that
were franked during the recess. Therefore, the
calculation made in October could not be relied upon
as a criterion.
For his own part, he considered this an important
principle; and he hoped the Senate would persist in
adhering to its former determinations. He would
vote against the amendment.
Mr. SEVlERunderstood that this bill, from the be-
ginning, was urged through against the well-known
hostility of the Postmaster General. It not only
proposed to cut down the postage against his sense
of what was due to the department, but to cut down
the franking privilege against the sense of those
who enjoy it for the benefit of their constituents; for
he maintained that the privilege as it exists should
be retained, because it was an important privilege
of the people. He poimed out where the abuses of
the franking privilege weie to be found, and how
they should be remedied. He also pointed out the
evils that would be inflicted on such new countries
as that of his State, by the operation of a bill which
must result in suppressing the non-paying mail
routes.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted—yeas 17, nays 26, as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Archcr, Barrow, Clayton, Colquitt,
Evans, Foster, Hanncgan, Haywood, linger, Johnson,
Mangum, Rives", Sempie, Sevier, Simmons, White, and
"VVoodbridge—17
NAi S—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby,
Bayard, Breese, Buchanan, Choate, Crittenden, Dayton,
JKAirfield, Fulton, Henderson. Huntington, Jarnagin, Mc-
Duriif, Merrick, Miller, l'earce, Porter, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Upham, Walker, Woodbury, and M'right—-Jt>.
Mr. MERRICK moved to amend the bill, by
adding an additional section, as follows:
Sec. 21. Ami be it farther enacted, That all eauses of
action arising under this act, may be sued, and all oliences
against this act may be prosecuted, before any circuit or
district court of the United States, or ot the District of
Columbia, or of the Territories ol the United States.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. EVANS suggested that, according the bill,
the allowance of free stamps to members would be
subject to great inequality. Members living at a
short distance would, by the pro rata allowance, get
twice as many free covers as members living at a
great distanqe. For instances members whose con-
stituents were only thirty miles off, would get twen-
ty-five covers a piece per day, which he and all other
members from a distance would get but five per
day. He thought the number to each member
ought to be the same.
Mr. MERRICK said the bill proposed five free
covers per day at the highest rate of postage; or an
equivalent number of those at lower rates. He did
not see any possible plan of making the number and
rate equal to all members.
Mr. EVANS said that, as he understood the bill,
it was to give five stamps,' at the highest rate,
(fifteen cents,) to each member, or seventy-five
cents' worth per day; that is, seven and a half
at ten cents, fifteen at five cents, or twenty-five at
three cents.
Mr. MERRICK wished to know what proposi-
tion could be made that would equalize the matter.
M. EVANS moved to amend the 9th section, by
striking out the pro rata choice, and making it five
stamps per day to each member, to pass free
through the mail to any part of the United States.
Mr. HAYWOOD objected to this system of
transferring §31,000 worth of privilege into $49,000
worth of stamps, at seventy-five cents apiece,
which may be converted into money by any one so
disposed. He calculated that, between the long
and short sessions, the average of a six months'
annual session might be taken, and computing the
stamps to every member of Congress, and the offi-
cers of the two Houses, at seventy-five cents per
day for these six months, the whole amount would
not fall short of what he had estimatad—$49,000.
He pointed out the inequality of the operation of
the proposed plan, both as regards the population of
the respective States, and as regards the number of
senators for each State, compared with the number
of representatives who are to receive these free
stamps. He had made calculations as to the effects
of this bill on the revenue of the department; and he
found that if the number of letters continued the
same as now, the loss by reduction of the rates
would be $1,606,000, out of an income of 83,500,000
—almost a loss of 50 per cent. It would take the
following rates of increase to save the depertment
from loss, viz: on three-cent letters 100 per cent.; on
five-cent letters 110 per cent.; on ten-cent letters 75
per cent.; and on the longest distances, and fifteen-
cent postage, 66 per cent. He pointed out the falla-
cy of basing the expectations of increased revenue
from reductions of postage, on calculations of the
number of letters to be anticipated from a given
population, and proved that, by the very amend-
ments adopted in the several clauses of the bill as it
now stood, the means of making up for deficiencies
in income by reduction of postage, had been divert-
ed from that object, thereby rendering it inevitable
that there shall be a deficit chargeable on the treas-
ury. He contrasted the penny-post system of Eng-
land with the proposed plan here, with a view of
showing that, although the benefits of that system
are anticipated, not one of its leading features has
been adhered to. In England the rate is made uni-
form at one penny. Here there are to be four dif-
ferent rates; there the rate is by weight; here it is
compound; there everything passing through the
mail is to pay; here the franking privilege is retain-
ed; there the government is to pay (like individuals)
the postage on all government letters; here the gov-
ernment communications go free, &c. He showed
that no calculations could be fairly made on compar-
isons of population; for Ireland, with eight millions
of people, had, under the penny-post system, only
as many letters as Scotland, with only two and a
half millions of people. The population of Ireland—
half that of England and Wales—had but one-eighth
the number of letters; and Scotland also but one-
eighth the letters of England and Wales. He en-
tered at large into a comparative statement, of much
statistical detail, showing that the principles upon
which the English penny-post system was founded
are wholly inapplicable to this country.
Mr. MERRICK was satisfied that the Senate
was very eager to hear speeches on this bill, but he
would spare them the infliction of a speech of his in
reply the senator from North Carolina, and allow
his remarks to go for what they were worth. He
should merely make one correction; it was, that, on
members' franks, instead of their being an augmen-
tation of expense, according to this bill, there would
be a saving of §100,000 a year!
The question was then taken on Mr. Evans's
amendment, by yeas and nays, and resulted—yea*
40, nays 1, as follows;
