Me
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, ^tchison, Atherton,
Barrow, Benton, Breese-, Buchanan, Clayton, Colquitt,
Crittenden, Dayton,-i Evans, Fairfield, Foster, Francis,
Fulton, Haywood, Henderson, Huger, Huntington, Jarna-
gin, McDuffie, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Por-
ter, Rives, Semple, Sevier, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tallmadge,
Tappan, - l/pham, Walker, Woodbridge, Woodbury, and
Wright—40.
NAY—Mr. Merrick—1.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. EVANS then moved amendments necessary
to make the bill conform with the amendment just
adopted.
They were adopted.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked the senator from Maine
if his amendments made any other alteration than
that of making the number of stamps to each mem-
ber of Congress equal.
Mr. EVANS said that was the sole effect of the
. alterations.
No other amendments being offered, the question
was on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading; upon which question the yeas and nays
were called for, and being ordered, resulted—yeas
29, nays 14, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Bayard, Buchanan,
' Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Fartield, Fran-
cis, Henderson, Huntington, Jarnagin, Merrick. Miller,
Morehead, Pearce, Porter, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tallmadge,
Tappan, TJpham, Walker, White, Woodbndge, Woodbury,
and Wright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bagby, Barrow, Benton, Brecse,
Colquitt, Foster, Fulton, Haywood, Iluger, McDuttie,
Mangum, Semple, and Sevier—14.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. DAYTON expressed a wish that the Senate
would intimate, in some way or other, when it
would be most agreeable to resume the discussion
of the tariff question. It was all the same to
him when it should be the pleasure of the Senate to
hear him—to-morrow would answer; lie was desi-
rous a day should be fixed, but had no disposition
to interfere with other business.
Mr. MERRICK hoped the senator from New
Jersey would consent to let the motion lie over till
Monday. It was desirable that the post-office bill,
and some other business, should get through this
week.
Mr. MILLER hoped his colleague would assent
to the postponement. While up, he would move
to make the bill for rechartering the banks of the
District of Columbia the special order for Friday.
The motion was adopted; and
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, April 24, 1844.
The minutes of yesterday were read and ap-
proved.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole oil the state of
the Union, for the purpose of proceeding with the
consideration of the tariff bill.
Mr. A. KENNEDY hoped the gentleman from
Ohio would withdraw that motion, that he might
have the opportunity to correct a report, published
in oneof the city papers, (the Intelligencer.)
Mr. WHITE said he rose to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. A. KENNEDY remarked that his was a
privileged question likewise.
Mr. WHITE said, for the first time in his life—
and he wished the reporters at both desks to take
down every word he uttered—he felt called upon to
notice a paragraph which appeared ill one of the city
papers.
Mr. C. JOHNSON rose and addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER simultaneously remarked to the
gentleman from Kentucky that his explanation
could only be made with general consent.
Objections were made in several parts of the
House.
Mr. P. KING said it certainly could not be desi-
rable to revn e, on this floor, a discussion of the
occurrences of yesterday, nor to open the door to
anything that might lead to altei cation. That whole
subject had been referred to a committee, by v. hom
the facts would be ascertained and repor! ed to the
House; and this matter should await the report of
that committee. He trusted the House would re-
fuse to suspend the rules at this time, to take up
that matter, or anything connected with it.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if the gentleman
from Kentucky wished to correct a misreport of
any of his remarks.
Mr. WHITE replied that that, to which he wish-
ed to call the attention of the House was in what
purported to be a report of what had occurred in
this House, but not in the usual current reports.
The SPEAKER again said the gentleman could
only be heard by general consent.
Mr. A. KENNEDY repeated the expression of
his desire to correct a misrepresentation of himself.
Mr. WHITE said he had no doubt the House
would hear the gentleman from Indiana and himself
too. Such had been the course hitherto pursued.
Mr. BRODHEAD asked the gentleman from
Kentucky if the editor i>f the paper alluded to had
refused him the privilege of inserting a correction or
explanation.
Mr. WHITE was understood to say that he had
made no i?uch request.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON insisted on the question
being taken on the motion to suspend the rules for
the purpose of going into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr- WHITE said this had always been consider-
ed a privileged question.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS hoped the gentleman from
Kentucky would be allowed to explain.
The SPEAKER reiterated the decision, that it
could only be done by general consent of the House.
Mr. WHITE appealed to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Weller] to withdraw his motion, that
that obstacle might be removed.
Mr. WELLER said if he was to come into the
House to explain all that the newspapers said of
him, he should often do it, and should consume
much time. If, however, the gentleman had a per-
sonal explanation to make, he (Mr. W.) would not
persist m his motion; for he had no disposition to
prevent the gentleman making a personal explana-
tion. He therefore withdrew his motion.
Mr. WHITE then inquired if there was any ob-
jection to his explanation.
Mr. ELMER objected.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS moved a suspension of the
rules, to give the gentleman from Kentucky ail op-
portunity to proceed with his explanation.
Mr. ELMER called for the yeas and nays on
that motion, with the observation that he wished to
record his vote against such a motion.
Mr. A. KENNEDY rose to' a question of order.
He rose first, and desired permission to make an
explanation; and he wished to know how it was
that the motion in relation to the gentleman from
Kentucky took precedence.
The SPEAKER explained.
Mr. KENNEDY remarked that he could make
Ins explanation by a simple paragraph.
Mr. COBB suggested to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. E. J. Morris] to make his mo-
tion applicable both to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. White] and the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. A. Kennedy.]
Mr. WHITE. Certainly.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS assented; and the motion
was so amended.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules; and being taken, resulted
thus—ayes 98, nays 64.
So the rules were not suspended—two-thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabam, when his name
Avas called, said that he had always regretted the
practice of this House of indulging members in ex-
plaining or correcting newspaper reports and para-
graphs. The present, he thought, was a fit occasion
to correct the error, without just cause of suspicion
of unworthy motives, as the application embraced
a member of each of the political parties. He there-
fore voted against a suspension of the rules.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. WELLER then renewed his motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; which was agreed to, and the committee
took up the "bill ^to modify and amend the act en-
titled 'an act to provide revenue from imports, and
to change and modify existing laws imposing duties
on imports, and for other purposes,' approved 13th
August, 1842."
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question;
and announced that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Brinkerhoff] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. J. BRINKERHOFF observed that a kind
of fatality seemed to attend all attemps on his part to
secure an opportunity to address the House. It
would be recollected, that when a debate sprung up
concerning the reference of a portion of the Pres-
ident's message, at the commencement of the ses-
sion, he was prevented from participating in that
debate, by a sudden and severe indisposition; and on
yesterday, his remarks were arrested by the occur-
rence of a scene, such as he had never before wit-
nessed, and such as he hoped he never would
again—one which he would gladly blot out from the
history of this Congress. It was not for him, a young
man and a young member, to lecture that House,
if he should be so disposed; but he trusted he might
be permitted to say, that much of the violence and
heat which manifested itself there, arose from the
habit which prevailed of speaking upon every other
subject except the one especially under considera-
tion. It was a practice which he did not admire, and
one which he did not intend to imitate.
He would endeavor to confine himself strictly to
the bill under consideration. It would be remem-
bered that, in the debate to which he had alluded,
that sprung up in the early part of the session in
reference to this subject, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Barnard] contended that it was in vain
to look to Great Britain for a market for our sur-
plus productions; and ventured the prediction that,
in five years, Great Britain would become an ex-
porter of agricultural productions. He (Mr. B.)
on that occasion, in reply to the gentleman, had pro-
ceeded to show that the tariff established by the
British Parliament in 1815, was based upon" the
position that unless by legislation the prices of
breadstuffs were kept up to 80 shillings sterling the
quarter, much of the cultivable land would have to be
abandoned. He further proceeded to show that,
in consequence of the reduction of prices which had
occurred in Great Britain in consequence of the re-
sumption of specie payments by the Bank of England,
the English corn laws were remodelled in 1832, on
the, assumption that it was still necessary to keep
up the price of grain to seventy shillings, or else
an abandonment of the cultivation of much land in
the kingdom must ensue; and it was a fact that
such occurrences were not unknown. Great Britain
had been a very large importer of grain from this
country; and, under such circumstances, how could
it be possible that she should ever become the rival
of this country in the production of grain?
He took the position that it was impossible to
build up a home market in this country for our sur-
plus agricultural productions. It could not be done.
Mr. B. refuted the argument so often used, that a
protective tariff furnished a consumption for the
agricultural products of the country. He showed
the small number of manufacturers and mechanics
in comparison with the whole population of the
country; and, deducting from these the shipwrights,
bricklayers, earpenters, cabinet makers in the inte-
rior, and other mechanics, who could in no way be
benefited by a protective tariff, the number of con-
sumers of agricultural products was too trifling to
be computed. He argued that, until this govern-
ment could build up an adequate home market—
which could not be done for centuries—it would be
of no value to the farmer, for the prices of the home
market would be governed by the prices abroad.
But a protective tariff, so far from furnishing a
home market, to a great extent, prevented a foreign
one; because, by prohibiting importations, exports
were also diminished, because foreign nations would
not buy our productions unless they could make re-
turns in theirs. The absurd argument that a high
tariff made lew prices had been so ably refuted by
other gentlemen, that he would not touch on that
point. There was one fact, however, ill illustration,
which came within his own knowledge, that was so
apt to the purpose, that he could not refrain from
mentioning it. The citizens of his neighborhood
ware now engaged m the construction of a railroad
from the town he lived in to the lakes, for the pur-
pose of facilitating the transportation of their prod-
ucts. Many of the stockholders were good whigs
and high tariff men, and of course subscribed to
the doctrine that a high tariff made low prices.
These gentlemen were petitioning Congress to re-
duce the duties on their railroad iron, and writing
to him, urging him to aid them. Now, if a high
tariff made low prices, why did not thewe gentlemen
petition Congress to raise the duty? In reply to a
question asked by Mr. Bidlacic, Mr. Brinkerhoff
said that he did not consider the tariff in the bill
before them a perfect one: if he had his way, he
would reduce the duties on sugar and iron; but as
an alternative between it and the tariff of 1842, he
would cheerfully take it. He would answer the
gentleman further. He knew that it had been the
policy of the country to admit railroad iron duty free,
and the eastern section of the Union, to a great ex-
