June, 1844.
appendix to the congressional globe.
wi
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
relieve me from my surprising mystification. At
last I perceived there was no error of the press; and
that, m reality, an objection to negotiating with
Mexico in advance was, because she would not
treat, except for the whole of Texas ! Ascertain-
ing this, I gave it up ! For what, in the nar?ie of
everything that is reasonable, or even rational!
what were we after, but the whole of Texas? The
most moderate of us wanted all that was lost by
the treaty of 1819, which would include the old
province of Texas, and eighty thousand square
miles besides, north of the' Red river. The most
moderate of us wanted all this; while the treaty
party wanted more ! and actually contracted for a
slice, in addition, of two thousand miles in length
from four Mexican States. The President and his
Secretary would not treat with Mexico in advance,
for fear she would press, all Texas upon them ! yet
would take all Texas from herself, and more too !
and then fight Mexico for the whole ! fight her in
unconstitutional war, secretly agreed upon in a pre-
liminary article, clandestinely commenced by de-
taching forces, and intended to be kept secret from
the people and their representatives. After this,
what more? except to decide whether our Depart-
ment of State lias become a workshop of treason,
or a hospital of bedlamites.
The President goes on to answer the objection
which imputes to him a violation of treaties, and a
breach of faith towards Mexico; and affirms that we
have but one treaty with that power, and that a mere
commercial one, "for the security of trade and in-
tercourse. Hear hini:
"_\or can hy any fair or by any legitimate inference,
be accused of violating any treaty stipulation? with Mexico
The treaties \\ ith Mexico give no guaranty of any sort, and
are co-existent with a similar treaty with Texas. So have
we treaties with most of thy nations of the earth which are
equally as much violated by the annexation ofTexas to the
United States, as would be our treaty with Mexico. Hie
treaty is merely commercial, and intended as the instrument
for more accurately defining the rights and scouring the in-
terests of the citizens of each country. "What bad faith can
be implied or charged upon the government of the United
-•-tali:-, for successfully iifgoti iting with an independent
power upon any subject not violating the stipulation? of
such treaty, 1 confess my inability to discern."
Only one treaty. ar;r! that a mere commercial one.
Well! I have spen the time that the violation of one
treaty, and the destruction of commerce with one na-
tion only, would be considered something, and worth
the delay of time to think. But, leaving that out
for the present, let us look into the fact of only one
treaty, and that a commercial one, which the Presi-
dent tells us is all we have with Mexico. Here is
a volume of treaties, (holding up a book) and in it I
see a treaty of limits with Mcxico, recent in its for-
mation, and perpetual in its duration, and guaran-
teeing to Mexico the whole country now undertaken
to be added to our own by virtue of a treaty with
Texas. This treaty of limits is found in volume
8 of the laws of the United States, and at page
989. It establishes the fact that there is one more
treaty with Mexico, besides that of commerce; and
one which happens to be the largest obstacle in our
path to the annexation of Texas, without an honest
effort to obtain the consent of Mexico. We have
acknowledged her title to all this country: we. know
she has never relinquished her right to it: we treat
with another party for it, knowing that we treat for
war as an incumbrance upon it, and with a treaty of
fixed limits staring us in the face. No well dis-
posed neighbor buys a law-suit against his neighbor:
the laws forbid such purchases, and qualify them as
immoral. But, here is a war to be bought, and our
own treaty to he. plead against the purchase. The
President might well wish to obliterate such a treaty
from the statute-book.
Then, in fact, we have a treaty which the Presi-
dent repudiates, but winch, nevertheless, is ill the
statute-book, and finds its sanction in the laws^of
nations, and in the faith of civilized powers. Not
that this treaty should be a perpetual bar to separate
negotiation for annexation with Texas; but that it
entitles Mexico to that respectful consideration, and
honest effort to obtain her consent, which all disin-
terested men feel to be necessary, and for which my
bill provides. So much for the treaty of limits.
The commercial treaty which the President ad-
mits, is not what he terms it, a mere commercial
treaty, but is also a treaty of amity and navigation.
It is a treaty of three objects—amity—commerce—
and navigation; and these objects are secured by
different articles, and are to have different durations.
The commerce and navigation articles are limited,
and may be terminated on a year's notice from either
party; the amity articles are unlimited, and are to
survive the termination of the former. This sur-
vival is expressly provided for. The title of the
treaty is that of amity,, commerce, and navigation-
amity being named first as the foundation of the
others. Ai the head of the motives which lead to
the treaty, that of establishing the relations of
"friendship" upon a firm basis, and to be "religiously"
observed, is the foremost. The first article is in
these words:
"There shall be a firm, inviolable, and universal peace,
and a true and sincere lriendship between the United States
of America and the United Mexican States, in all the extent
ot their possessions and territories, and between their peo-
ple and citizens respectively, w'lthout distinction of persons
or places."
This is the first article of the treaty; the last one—
for there are thirty-four articles in the whole—re-
turns to the same point, and endeavors to perpetuate
the peace and friendship which the first article had
declared arid established. It says:
"And it is hereby agreed that, on the expiration of one
year after such notice shall have been received hy either
party from the other, (for the termination of the com-
mercial and navigation articles,) this treaty in all its
parts relating to commerce and navigation, shall cease and
determine; and in all those parts which relate to peace and
friendship, it shall he permanently and perpetually binding
on the contracting parties."
Again:
"If (what cannot he expected) any one of the articles con-
tained in the present treaty shall be violated, it is stipulated
that neither of the contracting parties will order, or autho-
rize any acts of reprisal, nor dsclare war against the other,
on complaints of injuries, until the said party considering
itself offended, shall first have presented to the"other a state-
ment of such injuries or damages, v^refied by competent
proofs, and shall have demanded justice and satisfaction,
and the same shall have been refused, or unreasonahlv de-
layed."
Such is the treaty of friendship—such its stipu-
lations for perpetuity and inviolability—actually ex-
isting between the tJnited States anil Mexico, and
which the President assumes not to exist. He ad-
mits one treaty with Mexico, and that a mere com-
mercial one: I show three treaties—one of limits,
guarantying to Mexico the very country we now
receive from Texas, without a word of explanation
with the nation to which we have guarantied it;—
another of amity, commerce and navigation;—
the amity articles being a distinct* treaty in them-
selves, made perpetual, while the commercial
and navigation articles are limited: and with express
stipulations for friendly explanations, and demands
for satisfaction, before either party should engage in
war upon the other. Yet this sacred treaty, and all
its careful stipulations, the President entirely for-
gets! and, still confining himself to the one commer-
cial treaty, declares his inability to discover the bad
faith which is charged upon him in these negotia-
tions with Texas, involving, as they do, war with
Mexico, and the consequent abrogation of all trea-
ties. The President's discernment must be bad.
There would be bad faith, and enough of it, in de-
stroying a commercial treaty, and ruining the un-
suspecting merchants trading under it, by engaging
wantonly in war.—adopting a war not our own—and
producing all the confusion, loss, and mischief
which would result from such interruption of com-
merce. This would he bad faith enough, both to
nations and to individual merchants; but, bad as it
is, and would be, it is is hut the grain of mustard to
the mountain, compared to what he has actually
done.
And here, Mr. President, the subject rises upon
me, and requires me to take a graver tone, and a
severer view. A scene of perfidy, and of breach of
peace, and of mischief making, and of clandestine
war, and of interruption of peace-makers, is to be
revealed to the Senate; a scene of which there has
been no example since the disappearance of the pet-
ty and perfidious princes of Italy to whom the pen
of Machiavelli has affixed an immortality of infamy.
Mexico and Texas were at war: the great powers of
Europe interposed to make, peace: an armistice was
obtained: negotiations were opened: the pacificators
were at the council board, earning the benediction
of heaven, when our administration clandestinely
interposes to frustrate the divine work—to renew
the flames of war—make our own country a party
to it—and that secretly and unconstitutionally: and
all forjthe base purpose of a dissolution of our Union,
and an election intrigue; reinforced by a land spec-
ulation, and a job m scrip. But I deal at present
only with the violation of the armistice, the inter-
ruption of the negotiations for peace, and the clan-
destine, unconstitional war. Let us confine our at-
tention to these items.
At page 47, of the published document, we find
a letter of the late Secretary of State, written by the
command of the President, (as- all such letters are
by constitutional intendment, whether so expressed
or not,) and addressed to Mr. Murphy, the United
States representative at the government of Texas.
This letter bears date the 16th of January, 1844, and
recites the fact that the government of Texas Has,
for the present, declined the annexation proposition
made to it by the government of the United States.
Here, then, is a point in the case—a dead point, as
it is called in mechanism—which it requires an ex-
tra power to overcome. That extra power the secre-
tary applied in that long letter of begging, coaxing,
threatening, bullying, deceiving, tricking, and prom-
ising, which has been already refetred to. And,
deeming all this not enough to induce Texas to vio-
late the armistice, and break up the negotiations for
peace—consequences which , the annexation project
flagrantly involved—he makes a direct offer to as-
sume the war for her, as the crowning inducement
to reopen the declined proposition. The direct as-
sumption of the war was offered, and offered for this
specific purpose. Hear him:
"The pending negotiation with Mexico ought not to pre-
sent any difficulty, unless Texas is prepared to go back
again under the dominion of that power. As it is certain
that she will not consent to this, under any possible cir-
cumstances, the result of that negotiation cannot affect un-
favorably the proposition of annexation to this country. If
Mexico should acknowledge the independence ofTexas,
then Texas will have an undisputed right to dispose- of her-
self as she pleases; and if .Mexico shall refuse that acknowl-
edgment, Texas will the moie need the protection which
the united states now offers. She can require nothing
more, in this last event, than that the United States shall
take upon themselves the. adjustment of her difficulties with
Mexico."
Here is a full acknowledgment of the pending ne-
gotiations between Texas and Mexico for peace be-
tween them, and for the'acknowledgment of the in-
dependence of the former; a full acknowledgment,
also, of the right of Mexico to dispute the annexa-
tion pending the negotiations; a full acknowledg-
ment, furthermore, that the right ofTexas to annex,
herself to the United States without the consent of
Mexico, had not yet accrued; and then a naked,'
undisguised, flagrant, criminal offer to assume the
war for her—adjust her difficulties with Mexico—if
she would violate all these sacred relations, by re-
suming the declined proposition for annexation.
This letter was written on the 16th of January, and
formed part of the first meagre, defective, and muti-
lated set. of documents sent in to the Senate. No
reply appeared to have been made to this extraordi-
nary letter on the part ofTexas. It seemed to have
dropped dead. The next paper in.the series was
•quite on a different point—away off at a non-tan-
gent—almost at the antipodes! nothing nearer than
Lord Aberdeen's disclaimer of the negro insurrec-
tion imputations1 (Seepage 48 of the document.)
This looked strange, and implied a suppression,
which excited suspicion. Hiatus valde deflendvs.
Something was evidently skipped; for the annexa-
tion proposition, which we left broken off, and at a
dead point, was not only renewed, as the event
showed, but the treaty was actually made, and pre-
sented to us. We left our President and Secretary
at the dead point! and the next we see of them,
they are not only over the point, but through
the game. The treaty is signed, and presented
to the Senate, and proclaimed to the country;
and Texas, so far as it depended upon the
executive government, is ours. How is this?
It looked like magic, or trick; and as senators
were more inclined to believe in the latter than
in the former, proceedings were instituted to make
discovery of the missing links of a lost and broken
chain. A call was made upon the President; it re-
sulted in nothing, or rather worse; for it started the
Senate upon a wrong scent. Then another call was
made, with more of the scienter in it, as the lawyers
would term it; and this call proved effective. It was
the one which accomplished that notable exploit
which the Seriate will remember, and which the
Spanish paper then quoted, so dramatically de-
scribed, as pulling the devil from under the blanket.
An answer was got; and lo and behold! it turned out
to be the exact thing wanted—the missing link—the
connecting rod—the opening key—to the resumed
propositions—to the formation of the treaty—to the
true price of the treaty—and the object for which it
was then so agonizingly desired. This answer was
not obtained until the first day of June-—a day far
posterior to that which executive impatience had as-
signed us for the consummation of our task in the
ratification of the treaty. It came too late to be in-
eluded in the twenty thousand copies of the Texaa
