CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tent,'4iad already been the benefit of it. Now, how-
ever, that the poor West was seeking to obtain the
benefits of the same policy, the protective tariff par-
ty were for discontinuing it. He objected to the
existing tariff law, not only on account of the high
duties it levies, but in consequence of the odious
discriminations it makes in favor of the rich, and
against the poor. Now he had taken the trouble to
make a table, showing the contrast presented by the
duties imposed on the articles consumed by the rich,
and those consumed by the poor and middling
classes. Mr. B. read this table to the House, and
after a few more remarks concluded, at the expiration
of his hour.
Mr. WETHERED obtained the floor, and ob-
served that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Owen]
who first spoke on the subject, commenced by say-
ing that he intended to call things by their right
names. He intended to follow the gentleman's ex-
ample, and would therefore call this tariff bill a de-
structive British bill, calculated to destroy the manu-
facturers and mechanics of the country, break up
their work-shops, and encourage the manufacturers
of Great Britain. The gentleman from Indiana, so
lately the subject of Great Britain, with all his pre-
delictions for the land of his birth, made an elabo-
rate speech in favor of this bill; and he had no doubt,
if the gentleman would take his speech in one hand,
and the bill in the other, and make his bow to Q,ueen
Victoria, and kneel down, he would receive in re-
turn a gentle tap with her sword as a reward for his
devotion. England always rewarded those who
promoted her interests; and he had no doubt but the
fentlemen who supported this bill, if they went to
England, would be made earls and dukesm reward
for their services. He had examined the bill
through, and every article except sugar and iron,
was suited with a duty calculated to protect Bijtish
interests. These two articles were protected in
order to hold out a bait to the States of Louisiana and
Pennsylvania. He regretted to see this discrimina-
tion. He thought the framers of the bill should
have acted consistently; and while they were break-
ing down so many of the important interests of the
country, they should have broken down all altogeth-
er. If the bait took, the next Congress, carrying
out the principles of free trade, would destroy
these interests in their turn also. Mr. W. then went
on to examine the various duties 011 the different
articles in the bill, for the purpose c f showing how,
in his opinion, domestic manufactures were injured
by them.
In the course of his argument he contended for a
protective system, which he said was necessary to
every branch of industry. He denied that the pro-
tective policy had had the effect of increasing the
price of any article; and he went into some illustra-
tive statements to support his position. He said
the hat which he wore cost him §5, and before that
article was protected, one of the same quality could
not be obtained for less than $8. But, above all
tilings, the country required something like fixed
and permanent legislation.
He quoted statistics of manufactures, trade, and
agriculture, and argued that even the agriculturist
was greatly benefited by protection.
We have, said he, within us, all the elements of in-
dependent existence. We have the raw materials
for every branch of manufacture in our own coun-
try—cotton, iron, lead, copper, salt, &c., in abund-
ance. Why, then, should we send them to a foreign
country for manufacture? It was impossible for any
nation to become rich while it exported its raw ma-
terials, and exchanged them for the manufactures of
other nations. Were gentlemen aware that England
would receive our cotton and pay 75 cents a pound
for it, and return it to us manufactured and charge
us $20 a pound? Pie had the curiosity to weigh a
pair of stockings made in England, and they weighed
just one ounce; which, at the price the stockings sold
at, would bring them up to $20 a pound. Where
had this twenty dollars gone to? It had gone to
build up the greatness of England. She had her
agents and her presses amongst us disseminating her
doctrines; and he was sorry to find among her advo-
cates, some members on this floor. He was glad,
though, to find that there was no true-hearted whig
among them, who was willing to endorse such de-
structive doctrines.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY having next obtained the
floor,
Mr. OWEN asked the gentleman to allow him
five minutes of his time, in order that he might re-
ply to so much of the remarks of the gentleman
who had just taken his seat [Mr. Wethered] as
were personal to himself.
Mr. KENNEDY declined giving up any of the
shoet space of time allotted to him. Mr. K. said
that it was hardly his purpose, on this occasion, to
make a speech strictly on the subject of the tariff.
He felt sensible that a question so complicated in
detail, and so difficult to be illustrated on principle,
could scarcely be brought within the limits of the
hour allotted him. He felt the less reluctance in
passing it over lightly, because the intelligence of
the country stood in little need of what might be
said in regard to it on this floor. Happi-
ly the discussion of the subject was perva-
ding all parts of the country, and the people
were daily gaining new light in regard to it. There
was a time when this question was but little debated
in this country. From the time of the revolution
up to the time when parties began to array them-
selves against each other, the general sentiment of
the country was in favor of the policy of building
up the manufactures of the county. Of late years
that sentiment was gaining ground in the country.
He had seen very recently a series of resolutions
passed at a democratic meeting in Pennsylvania, in
one of the democratic strongholds of that State,
defending General Jackson against the charge of be-
ing an enemy to the American system. He had
said that the country was coming back to the re-
cognition of this policy; and what had they seen
here? One of the most significant signs of the times
was the disposition manifested on the part of the
majority to suppress discussion. The report of the
Committee of Ways and Means was brought into
the House, accompanied by a demand for the print-
ing of 20,000 extra copies, which was ordered by
the House; but when the minority of the committee
asded a similar indulgence, there was not only a
disposition to refuse the extra copies, but a dispo-
sition to refuse any publication of it whatever.
What more? When the report of the Committee
on Manufactures on the subject of the tariff was
brought in, there was a denial of any publication
whatever. On a question which occupied every
forum in the country, filled every mind and heart,
and involved the deepest interests, that there should
be a disposition to present only one sidp of the ar-
gument, and stifle discussion on the other, was one
of the most significant signs of the times. He
asked gentlemen on the other Side, what greater
folly they could commit, than to throw out such an
abundance of documents on one side, and yet at-
tempt to prevent discussion on this, the most inter-
esting question of the session? Why was it that so
many documents were printed, when this was re-
fused? The best report on the tariff side of the
question was the one that gentlemen had refused to
publish. What did that imply' Was it not their op-
ponents' weakness? He then reminded the House of
the attempt he had made to get certain memorials pre-
sented to the House, and printed, in which, how-
ever, he had failed; and the only course left lo him,
was to lay them silently on the table, where they
would be unnoticed; for all memorials presented in
that manner became mere dead papers, and were
productive of no good. He then proceeded to give
a little of the history of parties on this taiiff matter,
at the present day, the state of the revenue and re-
sources of the government, and the relative praise
or blame to which parties were entitled for the re-
cent and present state of things. He highly ex-
tolled the tariff of 1842, and the whig party for its
adoption.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS obtained the floor.
Mr. OWEN asked the gentleman to allow him
five minutes of his time, to enable him to reply to
the remarks of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Wethered] which were personal to himself.
Mr. MORRIS declined. Mr. M. then commenced
his remarks by referring to the act of 1842, and
with an inquiry whether it was essential to the great
interests of the country and the wants of the peo-
ple, and whether it would have been better to dis-
pense with it, and let the compromise act continue
m force. He then went on to make a comparison
of the imports and exports, and the receipts and ex-
penditures, for the four years of Mr. Van Buren's
administration; from which he drew the conclusion
that our imports had exceeded our exports, and the
balance of trade was against us, that the expendi-
tures of the government exceeded the receipts into
the treasury, and that there was a deficit, at the end
of that four years, of fourteen millions of dollars.
There was, he said, a large debt contracted—the bal-
ance of trade was against us—our expenditures ex-
ceeded our income—and tfiiefiaWc was loaded with
petitions, not only from the manufacturers, but from
the merchants, and all the great interests of the
country, calling on Congress to interpose, and to
provide some remedial measure to relieve the em-
barrassments under which not only the government,
but the whole country was laboring. It was in con-
sequence of this state of things that the act of 1842
was passed. Now, he was aware that the gentle-
men of the South contended that, in passing the
compromise act, there was a pledge that it should
be permenent; but it must be remembered that it
was a pledge made by one Congress, which had .no
right to bind its successors. When the Congress of
1842 met, and found that there was debt contracted;
that the interests of the country were prostrated;
and that, under the existing state of things, there
was no prospect of relief, it was a wise act in them
to destroy the compromise act.
Mr. M. then proceeded to make an estimate of
the reductions of duty that would take place under
the bill before the House, and its effects on the dif-
ferent branches of manufactures.
He spoke particularly of the iron interests, more
especially of railroad iron, and glanced generally at
the provisions of the bill of 1842, adding that the
protective system was common to every civilized
country on the face of the globe.
Mr. W. HUNT obtained the floor; but gave way,
at his request, to Mr. Owen, to enable him to make
a brief explanation.
Mr. OWEN said: I have been anxious to obtain
the floor, in reply to the personalities of the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Wethered,] because, if
such trifles are to be replied to at all, it is better it
should be at once; they are not worth sleeping over.
I ever regret when a discussion degenerates into
such irrelevancies. They can add nothing to an ar-
gument. What matters it whether I be (as the gen-
tleman has truly said I am) a foreigner born, or
whether he be (as he is) a manufacturer? How
shall it influence the question in discussion, whether
I have "British predilections," or he "manufactur-
ing predilections?" Shall we sit in judgment on
each other's secret motives? That belongs to a
higher tribunal than ours. That he should attribute
to me foreign feelings, or I to him mercenary inten-
tions, would be equally unparliamentary, irrelevant,
and unfair.
The gentleman spoke of me as one "so lately a
subject of Great Britain." I don't know what the
gentleman understands by "lately." Eighteen
years ago (then just entering on manhood) I left
the British monarchy, and came to these shores. If
that was a crime, it was one that has often been
committed by the wisest and best. It was the crime
of the pilgrim fathers. The gentleman's own ances-
tors—he is not of Indian birth, I presume, sir—(laugh-
ter) and if he be not, his own ancestors committed it.
Eighteen years ago, I came to make my home in
this republic. Eighteen years ago, I settled in the
West; then almost the frontier West, and kindly and
indulgently did my adopted State receive me, and
well do I love her for it. Eighteen years ago, I re-
nounced allegiance to every sovereign upon earth,
save one—a free people. That is my offence! That
is the extent of my crime!
But the gentleman from Maryland takes exception
to it, that i, a naturalized citizen only, should have
opened such a debate as this. Sir, when I look
around this hall, I see two portraits, and but two,
adorning its walls. The one, that of the father of
his country; an American truly by birth; an Amer-
ican far more by the noble principles he cherished,
by the glorious deeds that have made his name the
first—the brightest—on the page of human history !
The other—ay ! sir, whose is the other? Let the
gentleman from Maryland answer me, whose por-
trait is the other5 A European's; an aristocrat's, if
to be, born among an aristocracy makes a man one
of themselves; a subject of a European king; one
bred up in the very atmosphere of a court.
What does his portiait there' Would it not
be well for the gentleman, the first day that res-
olutions are in order, to introduce one for the
purpose of taking down—of snatching from
its station there—the portrait of that man; of
the good, the wise, the great, the venerated Lafayette;
of him whom this nation delighted to honor; of him
who, when he sought these shores, was received by
America as never nation, till then, received a man?
If I, because I am foreign born, be unworthy to
open such a discussion as this, that portrait is un-
worthy to look upon it. Yet what sacrilegious
hand dare pluck it thence?
