558
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sorry am I, sir, to recognise this bastard spirit of
native Americanism here. I know that it has had
its brief hour in New York; but I did not know that
it was to find its advocate, its partisan, in a member
of this House. Unworthy, sir—utterly unworthy
is that narrow and illiberal spirit to find a represent-
ative in any legislative body—least of all, on the
floor of the Congress of America. America is the
land—not of one class, one tribe, one people—a
home, not for those only to whom favoring fortune
has granted birth within its borders. The world
claims birthright in America! The world admits
America's own claim to be "the land of the free and
the home of the brave." The free claim this for
their country; the brave claim it for their country;
I—foreign-born though I be—I rightfully claim it
for my country. It is mine by free selection, by
deliberate preference; the gentleman's by accident
only. And now I am willing judgment shall go,
and the decision be made which of us has the best
of it.
Mr. WETHERED said that there was this dif-
ference between the gentleman and the portrait on
this side the hall, [Lafayette,] and the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Owen] on the other. That gentleman,
said he, (pointing to Lafayette,) fought for the liber-
ties of the people of this country; and that gentle-
man (pointing to Mr. Owen) wished to deprive them
of their liberties. [General laughter.]
Mr. W. HU$T observed that the first question
which presented itself was that of constitutional
power—whether this government, under the consti-
tution, possessed the power to impose duties for the
purpose of protecting the interests of the producing
classes of the country. It was hardly necessary to
go much at length into the argument of that part
of the question. If there still remained any doubt
on the subject, it appeared to him that the question
had been put to rest by the concurrent authority,
not only of all the Presidents of the United States,
but by the contemporaneous construction of the first
Congress which sat after the adoption of the consti-
tution.
The experience of the world had shown that
those countries where manufacturing industry was
protected, were the countries in which was found
the greatest degree of prosperity. In them were
found wealth, employment for labor, and the great-
est improvements in the arts. Protection caused a
subdivision of labor, which led to perfection and
profit. Allusion had been made to the prevailing
distress in England under its protective policy, but
that he deemed incident to the density of her popu-
tion. He defended at some length the protective
policy: he said it was advantageous to the agricul-
turists, and that class cherished it; it was also prof-
itable to the cotton grower of the South.
Mr. HAMMETT assured the gentleman that
nineteen-twentieths of the people of his State would
atisfy that gentleman that it was injurious to them.
Mr. HUNT went on to sustain his position that
the protective policy was promotive of the interests
of ail classes.
Mr. BELSER obtained the floor, but gave way to
Mr. HUDSON, who moved that the committee
rise; which motion being adopted, the committee
rose and reported progress; and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By .Mr. G. M. Hi'AD- The mcirioiiol of V S ( oic, c«i ,
and stnenty cJti/eixs of Wanen count}, fVnnsylvxnia, ap-
proving oi the tariif of J>342, and icmonstiating against
any modification by Congress.
By Mr. SEYMOUR ol •_w York: The petition of the
trustees, and dnecto/s of tbc Trov and New York Steam-
boat Association, prayprrmisMon to change the name of
the steamboat .Albany: referred to the (,'omnnlU'e on Com-
merce
B\ Mi. BEXTON: The petition ol Reuben Ilildreth. of
Herkimet, \ow "V oik, asking fc oirear&ge^ cf pcn&ion: re-
ferrt-i io the C Dinmitlee on Kevolutionar} Pension1*.
By Mr N'OIIRIS: The several petitions oi Jjne D. Alex-
ander, Sarah 13} am, Hannah Ball, Matilda Biuce, Aincy
Bartlett, &ai<<h'Bowers, L>dia Brighdm, Bettce Bo\ 1 ton.
Ruhamah Rurnham, Rachel Cutler, Polly Dun^tei, Hebe-cs
Diamond, Abigail Dart, Rachel Davis, Hannah Derby, Ke-
siah Emerson. Usebia Evans, Lucy Elliot, Esther Eaton,
Naomi Felt, Betsey Foster, Eunice Faulkner, Elizabeth
Green, Asubah Gerould, Ruth. Hemroingway, Anna Hunt,
Lucy Hardy, Rebecca Joslui, Lucy Kimball, Submit Law-
rence, Lois Lakin, Sally Matthews, Ruth Metcalf, Sarah
McMurphy, Hannah Morse, Sjbil Palmer, Hannah Prentiss,
Lucy Pevey, Mary Priest, Sucanna Pratt, Susanna Peters,
Mary Robins,Olive A.Phillips, Elizabeth Richardson, Polly
Stratton, Rebecca Stacey, Lydia Stone, Betty Taylor, Mary
Wright, Sarah Whitney, Mary White, Lydia Wise, Sarah
Washburn, Dma Wilcox, Sarah Whitcomb, Mary Chad-
wick, and Mary Chase; severally praying further allowance
of two years'pension from the 4th of March, 1841, to the
4th of March, 1843.
On motion by Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The papers in the
case of George Kinder, Jubilee Posey, and Joel Whitesides,
praying Congress to, make good ttie deficiency in certain
lands, purchased by them of the government, were taken
from the files of the House, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 25, 1844.
Immediately after the reading of the journal, a
message was received from the House of Represent-
atives, announcing the
DEATH OF THE HON. PETER E. BOSSIER,
a representative of the State of Louisiana, and com-
municating the resolutions of condolence and respect
adopted by that body on the occasion.
The resolutions were read by the Secretary of
the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, in a few brief remarks, very
imperfectly heard in the reporter's gallery, stated,
in substance, that it had become his duty to
address the Senate on this painful occasion. He
had been informed that the event which rendered
this necessary, had occurred last night, in this city,
after a lingering disease, which the deceased
bore with christian fortitude and resignation.
Summoned from the scene of his earthly duties,
although far removed from his home, he had the
consolation of being surrounded m that trying hour
by those best calculated to render soothing the last
sad and tender office of smoothing the pillow of
death. He resigned his spirit to Him who gave it,
in the presence of thewife ofhis bosom, and of some
of his most devoted friends.
Residing in a different section of the State of
Louisiana, he (Mr. J.) had not the pleasure of an
intimate acquaintance with Mr. Bossier. He was
a native of that State—a Creole by birth—and of
that race distinguished for every noble and chival-
rous attribute that dignifies human nature. The
high station to whiph he had been delegated in the
other branch of Congress, afforded ample proof of
his own worth, and of the confidence and respect of
those who could best appreciate it.
He moved, as a tribute of respect on this occasion,
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep sensi-
bility the message from the House of Representatives, an-
nouncing thf  death of the Hon Pi-.Ti-R E. Bossii'.H, a repre-
sentative of the State of Louisiana.
Resolved, That, as a token of their respect to the memory of
the deceased, the members, of the Senate will attend his fune-
ral at 12 o'clock, meridian, to-morrow, and will wear the
usual badge ol mourning for thirty days; and, as a further
mark of respect, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted, and
the Senate forthwith adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 25, 1844.
The journal having been read,
Mr. ADAMS asked to be excused from serving
011 the committee appointed to inquire into the cir-
cumstances connected with the rencontre between
Meesrs. White and Rathbun; which was agreed to.
I) PATH OF THE HON. MR. BOSSIER.
Mr. SLIDELL rose and addressed the House as
foiiows:
Mr. Speaker: But a few short weeks have
elapsed since I was called upon to discharge the
melancholy duty of announcing the death oi' a sena-
tor from Louisiana. We have now to deplore the
loss oi' one of her representatives on this floor. My
colleague and friend, Pierre Eyariste Boseier,
died last night at his lodgings in this city, after a
protracted, but not painful illness. Ha had been
gradually declining in strength, and expired without
a struggle or a groan.
He preserved, through his long illness, the serenity
of temper and cheerfulness of disposition which
had distinguished him through life. His last mo-
ments were soothed by the attentions of numerous* at-
tached and sympathizing friends, and by the presence
of an affectionate wife, who had, with untiring as-
siduity, watched over and ministered to him as
woman only can do.
Mr. Bossier was a native of Louisiana, of French
descent, his family being among the earliest settlers
of the colony. He was one of that ancient popula-
tion which, in many parts of our State, still preserve
the language, manners, and customs of their fathers;
remarkable for their almost patriarchial simplicity,
their unbending honesty, their chivalrous courage,
their frank and manly spirit—a population sur-
passed by none in all the wide expanse of this re-
public, for its patriotic devotion to our free institu-
tions.
My colleague was the type of this class—unpre-
tending in manner, courteous in deportment, alike
inaccessible to the blandishments of flattery and the
influences of intimidation, elevated above every mer-
cenary consideration, gentle in his temper; but,
when his rights were invaded, or his honor assailed,
ever ready to defend the one and vindicate the other:
homo antiqua virtulc ac fule; or, in the language of
his own Gallic ancestry, a "chevalier sans peur et
sans reproche." He had served for ten years in the
senate of his native State, in a manner alike credita-
ble to himself and useful to his constituents, and
was still a member of that body for an unexpired
term, when he yielded to an unsolicited and sponta-
neous nomination for Congress, and was elected, by
a large majority, ill a district which had been con-
sidered as opposed to him in politics. Transferred
to the councils of the nation, a long vista of useful-
ness, upon this more elevated theatre, appeared to
have opened before him. His attention to business,
his excellent judgment, would have rendered him a
most valuable representative. His modesty and dif-
fidence might have prevented him from participating
freely in the debates of the House; but, in the less
brilliant but equally useful labors of the committee-
room, he would have done the state good service.
He has been cut down before he had fairly started
in his new career; but he had already acquired the
respect and esteem of all who knew him. "Sic erat
in J'atisbut, while we bow in submission to the
decree of Providence, let us profit by the admonition
it conveys. Since the last session of Congress,
seven members of this House and three of the Sen-
ate have been gathered to their fathers. We are,
indeed, but "poor players, who fret and strut their
hour upon the stage, and then are heard no more."
If this feeling could be more deeply impressed upon
us all, it would tend to soften the asperities of de-
bate—to check all violent ebullitions of party spirit.
When, to-morrow, we shall follow to the tomb the
mortal remains of him who but so recently partici-
pated in our deliberations, would it not be well for
each and every one of us, standing around his yet
unclosed grave, silently to make the solemn pledge
that 110 harsh recriminations, no personal alterca-
tions, no unseemly broils, shall hereafter desecrate
the sanctity of this hal'r
Mr. S. then offered the following resolutions;
which were unanimously adopted:
Resolved, That the House has heard with deep emotioa
the annunciation of the death of the honorable Pkti,r E.
Bossikr, a member*from the State oi Louisiana.
Replied, That this House tenders to the relatives of the
deceased the expie&cion of its sympathy on this affecting
event; and as a testimony of respect for the memory of the
deceased, the members and officers will go into mourning,
by wearing crape on the left arm for thirty days.
Resolved. That the members and officers of the House will
attend the funeral of tho honorable Peter E. Bossier at 12
o'clock m. to-morrow.
Resolved, That when this House adjourns to-day, it will ad-
journ to meet at 12 o'clock m. to-morrow.
Ordered, That a message be sent to the Senate to notify
that body of the death of Peter E. Bossier, late o&e of $$
