572
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
June, 1844
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
document which the Senate had ordered to be print-
ed on the 16th of May; innocently thinking, as they
then did, that, by dint of iterated and reiterated calls,
they had got all; when, in fact, everything material
and essential was still behind, and wag only ob-
tained fifteen days later, and by an amended call.
All this most material and essential matter, too late
forthcoming to be included in the regular document,
was added to it, and constitutes a document in itself,
numbered 349. The first paper in this addenda is
dated Washington, January 17th, 1844—the day
after Mr. CJpshur's last extraordinary letter, so
frequently referred to—and is too important to be
abridged. Hear it in full!
"Mr. Van Zandt to Mr.Vpthvr
"Legation oi Tfy^,
"Washington, January 17,1841.
•'Sir: It is known to you that an armistice has been pro-
claimed between Mexico and Texas; that that armistice has
been obtained through the intervention of several great
powers, mutually friendly; and that negotiations are now
pending, having for their object a settlement of the difficul-
ties heretofore existing between the tv-r country. A
proposition likewise having been subrwtted by tk  Pre^i.
dent of the United States, through you, lor the annexation
of Texas to tlas country, therefore (without indicating the
nature of the reply which the President ofTexas may direct
to be made to this proposition) I beg leave to suggest that
it may be apprehended, should a treaty of annexation be
concluded, Mexico may think proper to at once terminate
the armistice, break off all negotiations for peace, and
again threaten or commence hostilities against Texas; and
that some of the other governments who have been instru-
mental in obtaining their cession, if they do not throw their
influence into the Mexican scale, may altogether withdraw
their good offices of mediation, thus losing to Texas their
friendship, and exposing her to the unrestrained menaces of
Mexico. In view, then, of these things, Pdesire to submit,
through you. to his 'excellency the President of the United
States, this inquiry: should the President o( Texas ac-
cede to the proposition of annexation, would the President
of the United States, after the signing of the treaty, and be-
fore it shall be ratified and recene the final action of the
other branches of both governments, in case Texas should
desire it, or with her consent, order such number of the
military and naval forces of the United States to such ne-
cessary points or places upon the territory or borders of
Texas or the Gulf of Mexico as shall be sufficient to protect
her against foreign aggression'
This communication, as well as the reply which you may
may make, will be considered by me as entirely confiden-
tial, not to be embraced m my regular official correspond-
ence to my government, but enclosed direct to the Presi-
dent ot Texas, for his information.
"With assurances of my great regard, I have the honor
to be, very respectfullv, your obedient servant,
"ISAAC VAN ZANDT.
"Hon. A. P. Upshur, &c."
To this letter, so pregnant m itself, an4 Ro full of
matter for the gravest reflection, follow eleven others
between the functionaries of the two powers, and
between the two Presidents of Texas and the Uni-
ted States, through their respective representatives;
all directed to the same cardinal point, and all con-
fined to the same vital struggle—the Texians, to ob-
tain a written promise for the loan of the army and
navy to President Houston—Mr. Tyler and his
Secretary, to work them off upon a verbal engage-
ment for the same military and naval loan. The
whole eleven letters are eminently worthy of being
scanned and studied; though here, again, there are
gaps—missing links—no less than four; but what is
seen shows the arduousness of the contest—the per-
tinacity of the demand, and the evaded pledge—
which lasted eighty-four days—from January 17th
to April 11th—and the dire repugnance with which
our President and his Secretary were screwed up at
last to the fatal point of giving the loritten promise
for the damning deed. Do it, (that is, lend the army
and navy, and assume the war,) and go mt • it clan-
destinely, they were perfectly willing; but to sign
the paper! there lay the rub. At last, the ides of
March arrived. The eleventh of April had come.
It was only forty days to the Baltimore convention;
the bomb" was wanting; the Guy Fawkes
plot required the b©mb; not another hour could be
delayed, and on that day the promise was signed,
and even performed; for the forces were put in mo-
tion. The sailing and the marching orders were
given; and the next day—April 11th—the long-
desired treaty was signed. Here is the letter of our
present Secretary of State, of date the 11th of April,
giving in the President's adhesion to the dreadful
terms which the Texians exacted of him, as the
price of furnishing him the in time for the
convention. Hear the letter:
"Mr. Calhoun to Messrs. Van Zandt and Henderson.
Washington, April 11,1844.
Olxtlemfm The letter addressed by Mr. Van Zandt to
the late Secretary of State, Mr. Upshur, to which you have
called my attention, dated Washington, 17th of January,
18-14, has been Jaid before the President of the United States.
In reply to it, I am directed by the President to say that
the- Secretary of the Navy has been instructed to order &
strong naval force to concentrate in the Gulf of Mexico, to
meet any emergency, and that similar orders have been is-
sued by the Secretary of War to move the disposable mili-
tary forces on oui southwestern frontier, for the same pur-
■pose. Should the exigency arise to which you refer in your
note to Mr. Upshur, I am further directed by the President
to say that, during the pendency of the treaty of annexa-
tion, he would deem it his duty to use all the means placed
within his power by the constitution to protect Texas from
all foreign invasion.
I have the honor to be. See.,
J. G. CALHOUN.
Messrs. I. Van Zandt and
j. P. Henderson,
Ministers from the Republic ol Texas."
Thus was signed the dreadful promise; and not
merely signed, but performance of it inexorably ex-
acted upon the instant. No trust or credit for this
part of the price. The credit system did not extend
to war help. Payment of the war subsidy was ex-
acted in advance. The Secretary of State shows
that the sailing and marching orders were issued be-
fore the letter of the 11th was sent; and thus was
consummated the most daring crime, for the most
infamous purpose, that ever was witnessed in a gov-
ernment of limited and responsible authorities.
The letter of Mr. Van Zandt, the Texian repre-
sentative, establishes some great points, to which I
invite the attention of the Senate.
1. The existence of the armistice between Mex-
ico and Texas, so imprudently denied by our Presi-
dent in his special message of the 17th ©f May.
2. The actual pendency of negotiations between
Mexico and Texas for "peace, under the mediation
of European powers, at the moment that our admin-
istration was clandestinely and perfidiously at work
to break the armistice, and prevent the peace.
3. The fear of Texas to commit hers'elf to the
consequences of violated faith, and brcach of armis-
tice, and of pacific negotiations, without a promise
of protection from the United States.
4. The Texian demand for military aid before the
ratification of the annexation treaty.
5. The secrecy in which the whole was to lie
buried between the two Presidents, not even going
into the official correspondence.
6. The agency of our administration in urging,
seducing, and almost forcing Texas into a breach of
the armistice, and the interruption of friendly nego-
tiations.
7. The character of our administration, as ex-
hibited by its self, perfidiously rekindling the war
which the European sovereigns were extinguishing.
These points, so clear in Mr. Vanzandt's letter,
arrest and fix our attention.
The letter of Mr. Calhoun, of the 11th of April,
shows that all the demands of the Texian govern-
ment, of the 17th of January, were fully concurred
in. The army and navy were lent for the purposes
required. "To meet amj emergency" is the vague
phraseology employed to cover an illegal aggression.
The name of the constitution is invoked in the in-
stant of its diabolical violation, to covcr the protec-
tion of Texas from foreign invasion; as if Texas
was one of the States of this Union, and protected
by our constitution from insurrection and invasion.
The letter of the 11th of April is the response to
the letter of the 17th of January, and the nume-
rous intervening letters referred to, but not read, but
which may be seen from pasv 1 to page 12, in doc-
ument number 349; it is the response to all these let-
ters, and four others not given. It is their response;
and they are its key; and which place this letter of
the 11th of April in the class of the most lawless
and daring crimes, (and for the most infamous pur-
poses,) which have disgraced Christendom since the
revival of civilization, and the extinction of the
"dark ages " And for what purpose all this crime
and infamy- To cover an intrigue for the presidency,
and someth: worse And against whom? A neigh-
bor, with whom we have peace and trade, and
treaties of friendship, limits, commerce, and naviga-
tion. And upon what pretexts? A negro hallucina-
tion, as insulting to Great Britain as it is degrading
to its inventors, and incomprehensible to the world.
Surely the mind is moon-struck which can play
such lawless and fantastic tricks; or must believe
the people mad before whom they are played.
I have now shown that our President labors under
a great error in a matter of fact, in supposing we
have but one treaty, and that a mere commercial
one, with Mexico. His error in this particular is
now established, and is serious and lamentable. Con-
sidering what he has done, this error is truly de-
plorable. But, even upon his own supposition, and
supposing that he was on ly violating and abrogating a
commercial treaty: is that nothing? Is the breach of
faith nothing? Is the interruption of commerce noth-
ing? Is the ruin of some thousand merchants nothing?
All this results from the breach and abrogation of a
commercial treaty. "War abrogates all treaties. The
President has made war on Mexico. His private
engagement with President Houston is war. His
direction of forces to the coasts and frontiers of Mex-
ico, is a commencement of war. It is the establish-
ment of a state of war between the United States
and Mexico. Even if a gun is not fired, nor a ship
captured, the fact is the same. War has been made
on Mexico. War exists between the United States
and Mexico. It is their present status—their legal
state under the law of nations; and if actual hostil-
ities do not take place, with all their bloody conse-
quences by sea and land, all their ravages of com-
merce, and exasperation of national feeling, and in-
volvement of many powers: if all this does not take
place, it is because the Senate has rejected the treaty,
and laid the President under the necessity of recall-
ing our naval and military forces from the theatre of
battle to which he has dared to send them.
The legal state between the United States and
Mexico is that of war; and the legal consequence
is the abrogation of all treaties between the two
powers, and the cessation of all commercial in-
tercourse. This is a trifle in the eyes of the Presi-
dent; not sufficient to impede for an instant his in-
trigue for the presidency, and the ulterior scheme
for the dissolution of the Union. But how is it in
the eyes of the country? Is it a trifle in the eyes of
those whose eyes are large enough to behold the
extent of the Mexican commerce, and whose hearts
are-patriotic enough to lament its loss? Look at
that commerce! The richest stream which the
world beholds: for, of exports, silver is its staple
article; of imports, it takes something of every-
thing, changed, to be sure, into the form of fine
goods and groceries: of navigation, it requires a
constant foreign supply; for Mexico neither has,
nor can have, a marine, either commercial or mili-
tary. The want of ports and timber deny her a
marine now and forever. This country, exporting
what we want—(hard money)—taking something
of all our exports—using our own ships to fetch
and carry—lying at our door—with many inland
streams of trade besides the great maritime stream
of commercc—pouring the perennial product of her
innumerable mines into our paper money country,
and helping us to be able to bear its depredations:
this country, whose trade was so important to us
under every aspect, is treated as a nullity by the
American President, or rather, is treated with sys-
tematic outrage; and even the treaty which secures
us her trade is disparagingly acknowledged with the
contemptuous prefix of mere!—a mere"commercial
treaty. So styles it the appeal message. Now let
us look to this commerce with our nearest neighbor,
depreciated and repudiated by our President: let us
see its origin, progress, and present state. Before
the independence of Mexico, that empire of mines
had no foreign trade: the mother country monop-
olized the whole. It was the Spanish Hesperides,
guarded with more than the fabulous dragon's care.
Mexican independence was declared at Iguala, in
the year 1821. In that year its trade with the United
States began, humbly to be sure, but with a rapid
and an immense development. In 1821, our ex-
ports to Mexico were about §100,000; our imports
about the double of that small sum. In the year
1S35, the year before the Texian revolution, our
exports to the same country, (and that independent
of Honduras, Campeachy, and the Mosquito shore,)
amounted to §1,500,639; and that of direct trade,
without counting exportation from other countries.
Our imports were, for the same year, in merchan-
dise, $5,614,619; of which the whole, except about
$200,000 worth was carried in American vessels.
Our specie imports, for the same year, were
§8,343,181. This was the state of our Mexican
trade, (and that without counting the inland branches
of it,) the year of the commencement of the Texian
revolution—an event which I then viewed, as my
speeches prove, under many aspects! And, with
every sympathy alive in favor of the Texians, and
with the full view of their return to our Union after
a successful revolt, I still wished to conciliate this
natural event with the great object of preserving
our peaceful relations, and with" them our com-
mercial, political, social, and moral position in re-
gard to Mexico, the second power of the NewWorld
after ourselves, and the first of the Spanish branch
lof the great American family. The administration
of the time wished to do the same, and so did Con-
gress; but in spite of all our laws and proclamations
of neutrality, it so happened that our supposed aid
