June, 1844;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
and known sympathy for the Texians, and our de-
cided movement in the early acknowledgment Tex-
ian independence, worked its apprehended result—
alienated Mexican feeling from us—and ran dou n
our rich and growing trade as rapidly as it had ran
up. In the year 1842—six years after the com-
mencement of the Texian revolution—our direct
exports to Mexico had sunk to $564,862: our im-
ports of merchandize had fallen off to $1,995,69(3:
our navigation had declined two-thirds: and our
specie imports were reduced to $1,342,817. This
was the melancholy and declining state of our Mex-
ican commerce in the year 1842; when, in the win-
ter of that year—the -winter 1842-'43—the plot was
laid for immediate annexation—that is to say, annex-
ation during the presidential campaign of 1844!
which threatens the remainder of this trade with to-
tal extinction. In the natural order of things this
trade should nearly have doubled since 1835. The
British trade with Mexico has more than doubled
during that time. More than twenty millions of
silver now go annually to the British government,
or British merchants, while our supply has sunk
down from eight millions and a half to less than one
million and a half. Sir, I have spoken of this trade
in its relation to the whole Union; but there is an-
other relation under which to view it; and that is,
in its relation to the Great West. The Mcxican
trade is emphatically a western trade ! and New Or-
leans is its grand emporium. There arrives—there
did arrive—the ship loads of Mexican dollars to
meet the steamboat loads of western produce! and
every measure that repulses, or diminishes that im-
portation of silver, diminishes in the same degree the
capacity of New Orleans to purchase western pro-
duce, and carries loss and damage to the growing
crop of every western farmer.
Mr. President, I have one other view to take of
this Mexican trade, and which will still exhibit its
value, great as that has already been seen to be, un-
der a new and additional degree of importance. We
are a paper-money people, with a thousand paper-
money banks, and not one mine of silver, and but
few mines of gold, and a large mint establishment
with little domestic gold, and not an ounce of native
silver to coin. What would become of these
banks—or rather, what would become of their cur-
rency in the hands of the people—were it not for
Mexican dollars' In the years 1837-'38-'39-'40,
we saw those banks shut up, and their paper sink a
half, or a third, or a quarter, (some more, some less,)
on the hands of the people; and while the great
calamity of this general and prolonged suspension of
specie payments had its origin and root in the con-
duct and condition of the Bank of the United States,
yet the loss of the customary supply.of silver from
Mexico favored her criminal design, and brought
the local institutions more completely within subjec-
tion to her diabolical policy. The decline of our
Mexican supply of silver was enormous during
those years. In 1835, the amount imported (on the
custom-house books) was §8,343,181; in 1836, it
was §4,537,418; in 1837, it was #4,650,978; in 1838,
it was $2,689,426; in 1839, it was $2,273,548. Here
was a decline of three-fourths in four years! adding
the annual declines together, (assuming the import
of 1835 to have remained stationary,) and the whole
loss was $19,412,272! enough to have arrested the
course of bank suspension, and checked the depre-
ciation of currency, and the ruin of commerce. But
the criterion of loss is erroneous in assuming the
import of 1835 to have remained stationary; it was
then rising as rapidly as it afterwards fell. In fact,
our Mexican import of silver has been a climax, both
in its ascent and descent, and finds its culminating
point in the year which preceded the Texian re-
volt. Thus, (and to confine myself to a few
years before as well as after that period) in the year
1832, this import was $3,626,704; in 1833, it was
$4,592,892; in 1834, $7,204,517; in 1835,$8,343,181.
Had it continued rising at this rate it must now have
been near twenty millions; which is, in fact, about
the amount which now annually goes to the British
—either to the government or to the merchants. This
great import of specie, invaluable in itself, had an-
other advantage m the regularity and naturalness of
its supply. It came every year, and all the year
round; and that as a natural operation, being the
staple export of the country. Large imports of spe-
cie from other countries indicate a commercial or
pecuniary derangement, and often produce a crisis
m the affairs of nations. Not so with Mexico. Her
silver dollars are her tobacco, cotton, rice, sugar, pro
visions, manufactures, &c.,&c. They are her export;
3nd are sent abroad to meet the exports of other coun-
tries, and to meet all the productions of our country
first changed into fine goods and groceries, in the mar-
kets of Europe and the West Indies. I have before
traced the workings of this commerce, and shown
the ignorance of the superficial observer who, look-
ing to the direct trade alone, is ready to say Mexi-
co takes but little from us, and that of very few arti-
cles. This is an error—a gross error: she takes—
did take—much from us—and that of everything—
but st a double operation, not injurious to any inter-
est, and beneficial to navigation, by giving it a double
employment.
Eight years ago, and when the Texian revolu-
tion was in its dawn, I pointed out this consequence
to our trade as a reason (among others) for not
losing the friendship of Mexico while wishing well
to Texas. I then said:
"As a western senator, coming from the banks of the Mis-
sissippi, and from the State of Missouri, I cannot lie blind to
the consequences of interrupting that double line of inland
and maritime commerce which, stretching to the mines of
Mexico, brings back the perennial supply of solid money
which enriches the interior, and enables New Orleans to
purchase the vast accumulation of agricultural produce of
which she is the emporium. Wonderful are the workings
of commerce, and more apt to find out its own proper chan-
nels by its own operations, than to be guided into them by
the hand of legislation. New Orleans now is what the Ha-
vana once was—the entrepot of the Mexican trade, and the
recipient of its mineral wealth * * * Let no unneces-
sary collision with Mexico interrupt this happy commeice,
turn back the streams of thtee hundred mines to the Ha-
vana, and stive a wound to a noble city which must be felt
to the head spring and first source of every stream that
pours its tribute into the King of Hoods."
This is what I said eight years ago, and when
pointing out the consequences of acknowledging
prematurely the independence of Texas. The Sen-
ate will pardon this egotism. It has occuned too
often in this debate; but not from vain glory, and to
show myself more wise than others, but for the use-
ful purpose of gaining some credit for what I now
say, and preventing future mischiefs, by showing'
that I have heretofore been able to lift the veil of fu-
turity, and to point out to my fellow-countrymen
the calamities with which public measures were
fraught. In all this Texas business, I have been a
Cassandra.. From the first revelation of the treaty
of 1819, when I imprecated a woe* upon the head
of its author, (then mistaken as to the man,) down
to the rejection of this "immediate" annexation
treaty, I have foretold and pointed out the conse-
quence of every successive blunder which has been
committed, and without gaining any credit for what
I said. Now I point out the greatest of all these
blunders—nay, the greatest of crimes—and warn
against their fatal consequences: with what success,
the lapse of some few months must show.
The President—for 1 resume my reading of the
appeal message—goes on to say:
"While all the world besides regards Texas as an inde-
pendent power, Mexico chooses to look upon her as a re-
volted province. Nor could we negotiate with Mexico for
Texas, w ithout admitting that our recognition of her inde-
pendence was fraudulent, delusive, or void" "It is only
alter acquiring Texas, that the question of boundary can
arise between the United States and .Mexico, a question pur-
posely left open for negotiation with Mexico—as affording
the best oppoitunity for the most friendly and pacific ar-
rangements The executive has dealt with Texas as a pow-
er independent of all others, both de facto anlldejuie. She
was an independent State of the confederation of Mexican
republics. When, by violent revolution, Mexico declared
the confederation at an end, Texas owed her no longer al-
legiance, but claimed, and has maintained the right for eight
) ears to a separate and distinct position. Dining that penod,
no army has invaded her w ith a view to her reconquest; and
if she has not yet established her right to be treated as na-
tion independent df facto and de jure, it would be difficult to
say at w hat period she will attain to that condition.''
This is a novel specimen of argument for the
chief of a government, speaking to a Senate. It is
a sample, however, of what the logicians define, and
' which they call, argumentum fid ignorrmtiam. It is,
indeed, an argument not only founded upon, but ad-
dressed to ignorance. It is, besides, supercilious
and Mrt-pertinent, and is moreover in bad taste.
That "choose!" Mexico chooses to look upon Texas
as a revolted province. This is insulting to Mexico,
and is not founded in fact. She has the right to
look at Texas in that character until the revolution
is terminated. Nor does the world look upon her
in any other light. Prance and Great Britain show
their view of the Texian condition in their efforts—
successful efforts—to obtain the armistice and me-
diate for peace. Our President himself shows his
true opinion of this condition in that private engage-
ment to protect the revolted province from the pur-
* "The magnificent valley of the Mississippi is ours, with
all its fountains, springs, and floods: and woe to the states-
man who undertakes to surrender one drop of its water—
I one inch of its soil—to any foreign powers'—Benton, 1818.
suit of Mexico. Texas herself shows her view'qf
it in the implorations which she has addressed to
the great powers of Europe, as well as to ourselves,-
to obtain the acknowledgment of independence for
her, or a prosecution of the war upon principles of
humanity. Under such circumstances it is as un-
becoming, and as unfounded, and as offensive, to
apply the epithet choose to the Mexican contemplation
of Texas as. the same epithet would have been
if applied to George the Third and his thirteen:
revolted colonies at anytime: before the treaty ofj
peace in the year 1783,. Choose, indeed. Mexico
has a right to decide for herself. She is a sovereign'
power. She has an unrelinquished claim on Texas;
and if she says war is the price'of that unrelinquished
claim, she has a right to say so; and we shall have
to pay that price. She has fixed the price, and we
know it. As far back as the 23d of August, 1843,
Mr. de Bocanegra, the Mexican Secretary of State
for foreign affairs, officially informed Mr. Thomp-
son, our minister to Mexico, that the annexation of
Texas would be the commencement of war between
the two countries. On the 3d of November, 1843,
General Almonte, the Mexican minister at Wash-
ington, delivered, by the command of his govern-
ment, the same official declaration to our Secretary
of State. Mr. Van Zandt, the Texian representa-
tive, in his letter to Mr. Upshur of the 17th of
January, 1844, expressly presents war as the con-
sequence of annexation; and demands the protection-
of the United States, and the use of her- army tlnd
navy, before he would sign the treaty! And Mr..
Calhoun, in the name of the President, on the 11th
of April, agrees to the condition—accepts Texas
and the war together—unconstitutionally, clandes-
tinely, and secretly accepts it—and privately orders
off ships and troops to join Texas against Mexico..
In all this the President proves that he knew war
was the price of annexation: he agreed "to that price:
he paid it in advance: and now, to say to the world
that Mexico chooses to consider Texas as a revolted
province, is to trifle with language and with the
public intelligence, and to subject himself to the im-
putation of denying what he had fully and pre-
viously admitted.
The President says we have acknowledged the
independence of Texas. Certainly, we have!sand
that according to a principle-"Wluch makes us ac-
knowledge the independence of all governments
which get the reigns of government in their hands,
without inquiring whether rightfully or wrongfully.
The monarchs of Europe, when they please, judge
revolutions, and disown governments: we judge
none, and disown none. Thus, we acknowledged
every successive faction that prevailed in France
during the progress of her revolution. Weacltnowl-
edged the gkeat emperor during the hundred
days, though rejected by the world besides.- Vjfe
acknowledged Iturbide during his brief year of em-
pire. We acknowledge the chiefs of all the South'
American States as fast as they rise. Our acknowl-
edgement implies the admission of no right; and can
never be quoted in any claim of title. To the igno-
rant alone—to those who know nothing about the
law of nat;ons, and our own practice with respect
to nations—can this rhetorical display about inde-
pendence be addressed.
Mexico and Texas are at war, suspended only by
an armistice, and by negotiation for peace; which
our President has endeavored clandestinely and per-
fidiously to break and frustrate. If we annex Tex-
as we adopt that war; and age or condition makes
no difference. Instead of eight years, she may be
eight thousand years old: she may be as old as
Egypt: still if she has a war upon her hands, and
we annex her, we adopt that war, and make it our
own. There is no difference between Texas and
Egypt in this particular.
The President says no Mexican army has inva-
ded Texas with a view to reconquest in eight years.
Of course, he pays 110 attention tothe invasion by
General Woll, and the two disastrous expiditions
to Santa Fe and Mier. -Still I say the war exists;
and whether eight years or eight thousand makes
no difference. The war still exists; and instead of
stopping his negotiations with Texas when he saw
that they involved war, and reporting that fact to
Congress, and leaving it to Congress to make war
ifit was to be made—instead of this he adopts ithim-
seif, engages in it secretly, conceals it from the coun-
try, gives a false reasons for moving the troops, and
holds back the true one till dragged out of him byre-
iterated, amended, and searching calls. He has giv
en a pledge of war, and adopted war, and sent our
army and navy to war; and that as the price of get 
