TT*
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
representatives from the State of Louisiana; that his funeral
will take place from the hall of this House to-morrow at 12
o'clock m., and that the Senate be invited to attend the same.
Resolved, That this House do now adjourn.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Frisdat, April 26, 1844.
FUNERAL OF THE HON. P. E. BOSSIER.
The SPEAKER took the chair at 12 o'clock, pur-
suant to the adjournment of yesterday, and the min-
utes of yesterday read and approved. After which,
the funeral ceremonies of the Catholic Church were
performed over the remains of the Hon. Peter E.
Bossier, a representative in the Congress of the
United States from the State of Louisiana, by the
Rev. Dr. Ryder, of the Georgetown College, assisted
by several Catholic clergymen, &c., in the presence
of the President of the United States and his Cabi-
net ministers; the Commander-in-chief of the Army,
Maj. Gen. Scott, and his aid; the Senators of the
United States; the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives; the friends of the deceased, and others.
An appropriate address was also delivered by the
Rev. Dr. Ryder, in the course of which he explain-
ed the ceremonials which had been observed, and
why they were used. Immediately thereafter, the
procession moved to the Congressional Burial-
ground, in the following order, as laid down in the
printed programme:
The Chaplains of both Houses of Congress.
The Catholic Clergymen.
Physicians who attended the deceased.
Committee of Arrangements:
.Mr. Slidell, of Louisiana,
Mr. Cross, of Arkansas,
Mr. Cave Johnson, of Tenn.
Mr. Clinch, of Georgia,
Mr. Dunlap, of Maine,
Mr. Simpson, of S. Car.,
Mr. Barnard, of New York.
Pall-bearers.
Mr. Vance, of Ohio, I Mr. Cullom, of Tennessee,
Mr. Burt, of South Carolina, ) Mr. Deberry, of N. Carolina,
Mr. Phoenix, of N. York, I Mr Brown, of Indiana,
Mr. Coles,'of Virginia, J Mr. Relfe. of Missouri.
The family andfriends of the deceased.
The Senators and Representatives from the State of Louisi-
ana, as mourners.
The Sergeant-at-arms of the House of Representatives.
The House of Representatives of the United States, preceded
by their Speaker and Clerk.
The other officers of the House of Representatives.
The Sergeant-at-arms of the Senate.
The Eenate, preceded by their Fresident and Secretary.
The other officers of the Senate.
The President of the United States.
The Heads of Depaitments.
The Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States and its officers.
The Diplomatic Corps.
The Comptrollers, Auditors, and Heads of Bureaus of the
several Departments of the Government, with
their ofticers.
Officers of the Army and Navy at the seat of Government.
The Mayor of Washington.
Citizcn3 and Strangeii.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 27, 1844.
VACANCY IN THE MILITARY" COMMITTEE.
Mr. HARALSON remarked that, in consequence
of the death of the Hon. P. E. Bossier, a vacancy was
occasioned in the Committee on Military Affairs,
which it would be necessary to supply. He there-
fore moved that the Speaker be directed to supply
such vacancy by the appointment of some gentleman
to act on that committee. The motion was agreed to.
TERMINATION OF THE TARIFF DEBATE.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said it was necessary and
proper that some time should be fixed, in advance,
at which all debate should cease on the bill to
amendand modify the tariff law; he therefore sub-
mitted a resolution to fix the hour of 4 o'clock on
Monday, the 6th May, for that purpose.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY suggested that, as two
days had been so recently lost, the day mentioned
in the resolution should be fixed two or three days
later.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL also reminded the House i
that the three first day s of May were assigned to the
business of the District of Columbia; and he in-
quired whether those days were to be ^ devoted to
the business to which they were appropriated.
Mr. J- P. KENNEDY begged to say that he be-
lieved there had been a general understanding that
both sides of the House would assent to a resolution
to terminate this debate on Monday, the 6th day of
May, founded on the idea that the business of the
District of Columbia was to go over to some other
time; but, as several days had been lost during the
present week, he again suggested a postponement.
Messrs. BARNARD, HARDIN, SLIDELL, J.
R. INGERSOLL, and others, were on the floor
simultaneously, and made some observations that
were not distinctly heard.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said the resolution which he
had offered, had been offered after consultation with
several gentlemen without distinction of party.
The opinion was, that some day next week should
be fixed, but he had yielded to the suggestions of
others, and inserted the day named in his resolution.
The business of the District of Columbia would be
no obstacle, for a majority could postpone that order
of business to a later period; he therefore hoped the
resolution would be adopted.
Mr. KIRKPATRICK, as a member of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, said he had
no objection to the postponement of their business
to a more convenient day.
Some conversation ensued on that point between
Messrs. WELLER, BARNARD, and C.J. IN-
GERSOLL.
The SPEAKER, in reply to their observations,
said that the District business was not a special
order; and hence, a majority could postpone it.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL understood that, accord-
ing to custom, three days would betaken out of the
next week to change the carpets, and otherwise im-
prove the hall in which they sat.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said the limitation of debate
now proposed so long in advance, was intended to
operate in fairness and equality, which a resolution
might not do, if it were passed when a majority in
this House should think debate had progressed far
enough. Besides, by fixing the period more than a
week in advance, (and fairness and justice required
that proper notice should be given of the day on
which the House would come to a vote on a measure
of so much importance,) absentees would have no-
tice to come on and vote; for it was very desirable
that, at such a time, there should be a full House.
He had consulted many gentlemen respecting the
day which should be fixed, and he should have con-
sulted others if they had come in his way; he con-
sulted gentlemen without regard to party, and all ad-
mitted that it was an act of fairness and equality,
and of liberality, to fix the day so far in advance.
Every body must admit that the question must be
decided at some time or other, and there was hardly
a gentleman who would not say that, whenever it
was decided, the debate must be terminated by order
of the House; and surely, by Monday week there
would be ample ume, in addition to the time already
consumed, fully to discuss this whole question. If
there should not, however, be time enough for
every gentleman to speak on this measure who
might desire to do so, he was of opinion
they should look at what was due to the country.
He should forego any desire he might have to ad-
dress the House, for the promotion of the business
of the country; and he hoped it would be the pleas-
ure of the House to adopt the resolution.
Mr. HARDIN called for the reading of the reso-
lution, and it was read accordingly.
Mr. J R. INGERSOLL objected to the resolu-
tion, and contended that it did not give sufficient
time for the discussion of this question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON hoped it would be the pleas-
ure of the House to agree to the resolution. He
was sure as much time would be given by this reso-
lution to the discussion of the tariff, as could with
propriety be given. It had been fully discussed by
the country heretofore, and if he had consulted
his own views, he should he should have advocated
a still earlier day than that now named. With re-
spect to the business of the next week, he hoped the
business of the District of Columbia would be post-
poned, and in addition, he hoped the House would
agr^e to meet at 10 o'clock; and thus, with late ses-
sions, eight speeches a day might be delivered for
the whole week. In relation to the renewal of the
carpets, he hoped the suggestion made would not
meet the approbation of any gentleman who ex-
pected to go home on the 27th of May, and he un-
derstood a desire to adjourn on that day existed
among many members on that floor. He again ex-
pressed his desire that the House should adopt this
resolution.
Mr. VINTON replied in opposition to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. WELLER supported it.
Mr. contended that, by the mont ac*
curate calculation, there could not be more than
thirty-five or thirty-six speeches delivered previous
to the hour fixed by the resolution for the termina-
tion of the debate; and he thought it highly probable
that the number allowed to be made on that side of
the hall would not be more than ten or twelve. The
people of the country would not consider the time
thrown away that had been consumed in a fair and
liberal discussion. For one, he would have the de-
bate on this subject hard to be got into and hard to
be got out of. He should vote against the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN observed that from the manner in
which the discussion on this resolution had been
running, he apprehended that they never should ap-
proximate to the decision of the main subject to
which this resolution related, unless they fixed on
some time for terminating the debate on it. He
concurred generally m the views expressed by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] who of-
fered the resolution. It was true that the day for
terminating this debate should be fixed on, and it
should be done in advance, to the end that every
gentleman should have an opportunity of voting on
it. He believed that the time allowed by the reso-
lution was sufficiently ample for a fair discussion.
Individually he would, like other gentlemen, pre-
fer a longer time for debate, but there were
high public interests paramount to the personal '
views of members, which required an early deci-
sion of this question; and he thought that members
should forego their own personal feelings and
wishes in deference to the public good. Who did
not know that, in two weeks' time, a full, fair, and
free discussion might be had? It was true, that the
bill might not be discussed in all its details, but that
he did not consider essential to such an understand-
ing of the subject as would en&ble the House to
vote on it. Every gentleman would have sufficient
information to enable him to make up his mind on
the subject. Mr. H. concludcd by moving the pre-
vious question.
Tiie question on seconding the previous question
was put, and decided in the negative—ayes 70,
noes 71.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to amend the
resolution, by striking out Monday and inserting
Thursday.
Mr. BRODHEAD moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and nays
on the motion, which were ordered; and, on taking
the question, it was decided m the affirmative—
yeas 88, nays 83, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. .Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Belser, Blackwell, Brengle, Brodhead, Milton
Biowu, Buffington, Burt, Carroll, Lathn, Chilton, Clinch,
Collamer, Cranston, Darrogh, Garrett Davis, Richard D.
Davis, John W. Davis, Deberry, Dicke>, Kllis, Fish, Flor-
ence, Foot, French, Giddings, Willis Green, Grirmell,
Grider, Hardin, Henley, Holmes, Hoge, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, Jospph R Ingersoll, Irvm, Perley B. John-
soil, Andrew Johnson, Geoige W. Jones. Daniel P.
King, Leonard, Lewis, McConhell. Marsh, Mathews, Ed-
waid J.-Morris, Morse, Moselcy , Murphy, Nes, Parmenter,
Patterson, Pettit, Peyton, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Pres-
ton, Xlamsev, Chailes M. Reed, Roberts, Rockwell, Bo
gers, Rub&ell, Sample, Center, beveronce, Thomas H. Sey-
mour, Simpson, Slidell, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Spence, Andrew Stewart, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker,
'tyler, Vance, Vinton, White, Williams^Winthrop, and
Woou\v8rd—-a8
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson, Benton, Bidlack,
James A. Black. Bowhn, Boyd, H'm J. Brown, Burke,
Caldwell, Causm, Beuben ( hapman, Augustus A. Chap
man, Chngman, Clinton. Colea, Cullom. Daniel, Dean,
Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, *'arl<ae, Ficklin,
Bjram Green, Hale, Hamlin. Hnalson, Hays, Herrick,
I-lopkjns. Houston, Hub< i'J, Hughes. Hungerford, James
B- Hunt, Charlrs f Jngen-oll, Jenk*, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Kirk-
patrick, LahraAche. Lucas, Lyon, McCaus-len, McClelland,
McDowell, Mcllvame, Joseph Morns, Xorri&, Owen,
Payne, Imeiv t). Potter, David S. Rexd, Rtdmg, Relfe,
Rilter, St. John, Saunders, Schenck, Davit? L. Seymour,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Kchert Smith. Steenrod,
Stephens, Utiles. Stone, Strong, Sui-micr-., f ayloi, Thon  
a-iion. Tild^n, Vannioter, V,"oiler, We/itworth* WethereJ,
Whea'On, Joseph A. Wright, ; ik' 1 o-:---e3.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of continuing the
debate on the tariff bill.
Mr. BARNARD desired the House to dispose of
the bill in relation to eastern harbors and rivers; and
here he called for toe yeas and n?.ys, which being
ordered, resulted—yeas 105, nays 52, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkinson. Barringer, Belser,
Benton, Bidlack, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bowlin, Boyd,
Brodhead, Burke, Burt. Caldwell, Catlin, Reuben Chap,
man, Augustus A. Chapman. Cling-man. Clinton, Coles,
Collamer, CuUo«t> Dana, Darnel, Richard p. Davjs,
