67 4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
ting the "Texas bomb" in time for the Baltimore con-
vention, and preparing the wedge to split the Union
asunder.
The President continues:
"i also particularly invite your attention to the letter
from Mr. Everett, our envoy at London, containing an ac-
count of a conversation in the House of Lords, which late-
ly occurred between Lord Brougham and Lord Aberdeen,
in relation to the question of annexation. Nor can I do so
without the expression of some surprise at the language the
minister of foreign sflairs employed upon the occasion.
That a kingdom which is made what it now is by repeated
acts of annexation, beginning from the time of the Heptar-
chy, and concluding with the annexation of the kingdoms
of Ireland and Scotland, shouldperceive any principle either
novel or serious in the late proceedings of the American
executive in regard to Texas, is well calculated to excite
surprise "
The President invites attention to the recent con-
versation between Lord Brougham and the Earl
Aberdeen, in the British House of Lords; and so do
I. My attention was fixed upon that conversation
as related in the newspapers, before Mr. Everett re-
ported it; and I am glad that he has done so: it is
another, and for about the. seventh time, reiterated
disavowal of all that design to interfere with slaveiy
in Texas, or in the United States, on the Duff Green
imputation of which the immediate annexation scheme
had been pretexted. I had intended to have made
an opportunity for producing that conversation in
the Senate myself, and am under obligations to the
President for having presented the occasion to me.
Here it is:
"You will perceive, by the papers of tliis morning, that
come conversation arose in the House of Lords last evening
in reference to the treaty, on occasion of a question put by
Lord Brougham to Lord Aberdeen. Lord Brougham assigned
as a reason for his inquiry, that the conversation between
Lord Aberdeen and himself on the 18th of August last had
been (as he gathered from the documents which had ap-
peared in the papers) dec-mod highly significant by the gov-
ernment ol the United States, and stated that it toai /«> from
his intention in what he then said to counsel any inleijtrent.e
with slavery as existing in the United States.
"Lord Aberdeen was very reserved in his reply. Jle
stated that the annexation of Texas raised a question, us he
believed, new and unexampled m the lnstoiy oi public law,
which demanded and would receive the eaihest and most
serious attention ol her Majesty^ government. Tiii'iu was
no doubt that the treaty was signed, hut he shaied with
Lord Brougham the hope and beliei that it would not be iati*
fied; but it vv as impossible to bpeak with confidence on sach
a point.
"The quevtion to w hich Lord Aberdeen leiVrred a- 'new
and unexampled in the history of public laws.' was not
stated by him: but, from the remarks wi'h which Loid
Brougham commenced, as repoited m this morning's papers,
may be inferred to be. the effect of a union between two
separate independent States on their previously existing
relations with other powers.
"In reply to a further question from Loid Biougham,
Lord Aberdeen suid that the explanation which he had
made of thwir conversation oi the 18th of August had been
correctly reported by me, (a matter of necessity, I may ob-
serve, with the precaution which 1 took of submitting the
memorandum to h;s inspection,) and that he had confirmed
it m a despatch to Mr, Pakenham—alluding* apparent!} to
that of the 20th of December, 1343, of which u copy was fur-
uished to Mr. Upshur.55
A cat, it is said, Mr. President, has nine lives;
and, consequently, must be killed nine times before
it is dead, it would seem that the British statesmen
have somewhat of the same opinion of the lives of
the stones which our government invents* against
them. They have been killing one of these stories
since labt fall, and are at it yet; but 1 think they
will cease their blows wlien they hear its fate m this
chamber Not a senator has ever repeated it! No
friend even to the treaty has ever repeated it! The
spectacle has been exhibited, before unseen in the
history of treaties, that the government reason for
making a treaty, though elaborately set out and
awfully dwelt upon, has remained without a believ-
er, a repeater, or an apologist, in the body to which
it was addressed! This has been the fate of the
slavery abolition story invented for the Texas oper-
ation, and which was heard with so much aston-
ishment in this chamber, and so deliberately es-
chewed by every senator sincc. Seeing- this, the
British statesmen may spare themselves the trouble
of the two additional killings which may be in re-
serve. Cat-lifed as it may be, this negro story is
dead.
The President complains, and sees with surprise,
that the British government is taking notice of our
acquisition of Texas. Was it possible for them to
do otherwise, when our government bottomed the
acquisition upon the imputed designs of Great
Britain, and made her responsible, in the eyes of
the world, for all the consequences resulting from
our act? Has our President forgot the Duff Green
story from London? the long letter of Mr. Upshur
te Murphy of the 8th of August? the score of furi-
ous letters from Murphy? the double letter to Mr.
Everett of the 28th of September? the further letter
of Mr. Upshur to Murphy of the 36th of January
)ast? all charging upon Great Britain abolition de-
signs in Texas, which must end in exciting insur-
rection in the United States, and in the destruction
of our confederacy, if we did not immediately pro-
vide for our own safety by seizing Texas, and frus-
trating her design upon it. Has he forgot all this?
And, above all, has he forgot the letter of the 18th
of April, (six days after the treaty was signed,)
from Mr. Calhoun to Mr. Pakenham, abounding
with those most singular negro statistics, in which
the conclusion of the treaty was communicated to
the British minister for the information of his gov-
ernment5 his government, at the same time, accused
of having made it necessary to us, as an act of self-
defence, to save ourselves from destruction! and
charged Great Britain with the responsibili-
ty of all the consequences growing out of
it! and in which jurisdiction over the act itself,
and over the question of ala\ery in the United States,
was given to Great Britain by the fact of pleading
the cause of both at her bar? Has he forgotton
the cool and keen reply of Mr. Pakenham to this most
incomprehensible letter, and the manner in which
that minister declined the negro controversy, which
our Secretary tendered, and repulsed the serious
responsibility,* which he charged? and, finally, has
he forgotten that his messenger to Mexico, of the
19th of April, carried along with him a copy of
Lord Aberdeen's despatch, with our Secretary's
commentary upon it, to be communicated to the
Mexican government as our manifesto for the im-
mediate annexation uf Texas, and the clandestine
adoption of the Texian war against her?j If" the
President has forgotten all these things, he may rest
assured that nobody else has. If he is surprised
that the British government takes notice of the an-
nexation of Texas, under such circumstances, no-
body else can be surprised at it. And more than
that, if he and his secretary are not called upon to
recant their gratuitous insults, it must be because it
is seen that they arc undeistood and despised here,
and considered as mere inventions to covcran intrigue
for the piesidency, and to promote an enterprise
upon the Union.
But there may be another reason why Great Brit-
*"Itis not the purpose of the undersigned in the present
communication to enter into discussion with Mr. Calhoun
respecting the pioject thus formal!) announced on tin* pait
of thv Government of the United States to annex to
the Amencan Union; that dut) will, it' thought necessary,
be fulfilled by higher authority. Still lebi, is the under-
•ugned disposed to tiespass on Mr Calhoun s attention by
ottering* any rennnks upon the subject of slavery, as o.v
pounded in -Mi* Calhoun's not'.- That note will be ti'Uis-
nntted to Inn 's gov tjnrr>ent by the cailiest oppor-
tunity, a.id with this intimation the unaeisigned would lor
thepiepcat content himself were it not for the painlnl nn-
predion created on hi1-nnnd h\ observing th.it the go-veuj-
ment of the United States, «o iar lrom appieoiatmg at their
ju<t value the explanations furrnshed by her .Maje-d} 's gov-
ernment in a spirit of frankness and good faith well circu-
lated to allay whatevei <#nAjytj' this government might
have previously f<dt on the particular points to which
those explanations have reference appear to have found ai-
guments 111 that communication in favor of thy contempla-
ted annexation of Texa*—thus, as it were, aligning to the
ButisJi government iOine share in the responsibility of a
tunsoction which can hardly fail to be viewed in many
quarters with the mcsst serious oVyeUoii
•'All such ies>ponsibihty the undexsignwl bogs- leave, m
1Jio name of hei Majestj'a government, at once and most
positively to disclaim. Whatever maybe the cou-io.jueii-
ces of that tiansaction, the British government will look
forward w ithont anxiety to the judgment w hich will there-
on be passed b> the civilized woiId. in. as far as shall ap>
plj to any provocation luixiished by England for the adop-
tion of such a measuio.
""With the political independence of Texas not only ha?
Great Britain disavowed all intention to interfere, but it is a
w ell-known lact th-jt her mo->t zealous exertions have been
diiccted tow aids the completion ot that independence, by
obtaining its ackncw lHgment at the hands ol the only pow -
er b} which it was senously disputed.
"Great Britain has also formally disclaimed the desn? to
establish in Texas* any dominant influence: and, with res-
pect to slyveiy,.she is not conscious of having acted 111 3
sense to cause just alarm to the United States."—Mr Puh'
enhatnto Mr. Calhoun, 19, 1844.
"fin order that the Mexican government should have a
just and full conception ol the motives which have compel-
led this government to take the course it has, 1 enclose, by
the direction of the Piesident, a copy of the declaration ot
Lord Aberdeen, which Mr, Pakenham. the British minister,
was instructed to road to the Secretary of State of the United
States, and to leave a copy should he desire it; and the an-
swer to it on the part of our government. The President
authorizes you to read them to the Mexican Secretary of
State, and to permit him to take memoranda of their con-
tents as you read, should he desire it; but not to leave
copies, as, they constitute a part of the documents which
will be transmitted with the treaty to the Senate.''— Me.
PilhiHintu JJV. EiwarJs Green, II ID, JS-U
ain, and Prance also, may take notice of this an-
nexation, and of the war with Mexico which it in-
volved, and especially of the clandestine movement
of ships and troops upon that power. Great Brit-
ain and Franco were acting as mediators between
Texas and Mexico. They had procured a cessa-
tion of arms, and got negotiations opened for the
establishment of peace. They were earning the
benediction which heaven pronounces upon the
peacemaker, and acting a part which the laws of na-
tions acknowledge and honor, and under the faith
of which Mexico was reposing in unsuspicious
security. They had got the sword of war returned
to its sheath, and the wings of the angel of peace
spread over the heads of the combatants, when our
President and his Secretary perfidiously and clan-
destinely seduced Texas into a breach of the armis-
tice, instigated her to lenew the war, assumed it,
gave promise of help, and actually sent off ships
and men to waylay the innocent party," and kill
them in the road. This is a crime, not only against
heaven, and against our constitution, but also against
the law of nations, and against the mediating pow-
ers: it is an offence against them which gives these
powers a right to take part with the injured, and
makes it tlieir duty to avenge the violated armistice
of which they were the guardians. This gives
Great Britain and France a right to take notice of
what our government has done; and had it not been
for the Senate's rejection of the treaty, (which has
saved the peace and honor of the country, and
stopped the war which had been commenced, and
caused our troops and ships to be recalled from the
coasts and frontiers of Mexico:) had it not been for
this wise and patriotic conduct on the part of the
Senate, we should have furnished a case for
European interference in American affairs, and
might have drawn upon our country the aimed in-
terposition of European kings. Let the President
not be surprised at finding his conduct noticed
either at London or at Paris. He is well quit for a
scathing notice. Had it not been for the Senate,
his country Would have suffered the penalty of his
crime.
The President intimates, in his invitation to an ex-
amination of Mr. Everett's last despatch, that the
British government has designs which they do not
avow; and he dwells upon Lord Aberdeen's decla-
ration that the annexation treaty would be taken
into the serious consideration of the British govern-
ment. I have already shown that our Presidentand
Secretary have forced this treaty upon the notice of
the British government from their manner of treat-
ing it, and making the British responsible for it.
They have made it a British question, and have
placed themselves m the wrong. They have placed
the United States as a wrongdoer, and a pleader at
the bar of Great Britain. 1 do not know what ad-
vantage the British may take of this folly; but of
one thing I am certain, nnd that is, that whatever
design they form, they will avow. This is their
course, and our own history is full of its proof.
They not only avow what they intend, but will not
tolerate a misapprehension on the subject of their in-
tentions. Oftlus,our President lias some unpublished
evidence on his hands which, should admonish him
of the injusiice of attributing to Great Britain a con-
cealment of her pretensions, be they as unjustifiable
as they may. 1 allude to the question of the right
of visit, asserted by the President in two messages
to Congress, to have been relinquished in the naval
and diplomatic alliance treaty of 1849, for the sup-
pression of' the slavetrade. The President informed
Congress that, in consequence of this agreement to
furnish a squadron of eighty guns to cruise with tlic
British on the coast of Africa, the British gov-
ernment had relinquished its claim to arrest and visit
our vessels on the high seas—a claim intimately con-
nected with the doctrine of impressment, and both
following that practice, and leading to it. Twice the
President gave Congress that information, but it
seems that he was m error, and that the British gov-
ernment has undeceived him, and that of its own ac-
cord, without solicitation, and foi the mere purpose
of preventing her designs from being misunderstood.
In the month of July last, in a debate in the House
of Commons, Sir Robert Peel took occasion to ad-
vert to this mistake of our President—to say that lio
principle in regard to the right of search had been
relinquished, or would be relinquished, by the Brit-
ish government—and that a declaration to this effect
had been made to our government.
[Here Mr. B. inquired of Mr. Archer, chairman
of the Committee of Foreign Relations, whether
the aflrolmsvvauon hat! given him any jjiform&tiort
