560
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
W. Davis, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Farlee,
Ficklin,1 French, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammet,
Haralson, Hays, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, James B. Hunt, Cave John-
son, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy,
John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche,
Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, Lyon, McCauslen, McClelland,
McConnell, McDowell, Mathews, Joseph Morris, Murphy,
Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Pollock, Emery D. Potter,
Rathbun, David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts,
Russell,, St John, Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour, Simp-
son, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, Andrew Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Taylor, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Tucker, Vinton, "Weller, Wentwortn,
Wkeaton, White, Williams, Woodward, and Joseph A.
Wright—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Baker, Barnard, Brengle, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Carroll, Causin, Chil-
ton, Cranston, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dickey,
Fish, Florence, Foster, Giddings, Willis Green, Grinnell,
Grider, Hardin, Washington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvm,Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, D. P.
King, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J.Morris, IVJorse, Motley,
.Nes, Peyton, Elisha R. Potter, Preston, Charles M. Reed,
Rockwell, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance,
David L. Seymour, Summers, Tvler, Vance, Vanmeter,
Vinton, Wethered, Winthrop and Yost—52.
So the House agreed to the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole.]
The House then resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to amend and
modify the tariff a,ct of 1842.
Mr. BELSER, who was entitled to the floor, rose
and said, if he was not mistaken in the views which
he entertained in relation to the division of parties
in this country, there were now some four divisions
on this great national question. There was, in the
first place, the avowed protectionist, the friend
of special bounties and privileges, the advocate of
the most enlarged monopoly. Of this class were
the patricians of this government, with their devoted
adherents.
There was another class of politicians on this
subject, who went for what they called fair and
moderate, but certain and stable encouragement to
all branches of industry—a thing, in his opinion,
too general in its terms to be made paacticable—too
diplomatic in its character, and too much akin (if
he might use an illustration) to the reply of Lord
Aberdeen to the Texan secretary of legation,
when he said that Great Britain would use no im-
aer means in regard to the abolition of slavery
at republic.
There was another class of politicians in this
country—the incidental protectionists, the half-way-
house men—men who were opposed, perhaps, to
banks and to monopolies in general, except those in
which they are interested. There was, likewise, a
fourth class of politicians—a class to which he (Mr.
Belser) claimed to belong—who go for levying no
more revenue than is necessary to defray the ex-
penses of this government; and who, when levying
duties for that purpose, have no kind of protection
whatever in view—who are unwilling to protect one
class at the expense of another: in short, a party
who go for laying duties, so as to raise the lowest
amounr of revenue that is necessary to defray the
expenses of this government economically adminis-
tered—a party that goes for limiting the powers of
this government, and not leaving things to a wild
discretion and latitudinous construction, which are
calculated to overthiow our free institutions. He
recollected being forcibly struck, on reading an
article some time ago, which assimilated this
government, as it ought to be, as nearly
as possible to the government of Heaven. He was
struck with the beauty of that observation; and its
truth must be admitted. No one would undertake
to deny that that government was the best which,
in the distribution of its benefits, approximates
most nearly to the divine government, which dis-
penses its blessings and bounties on earth to no par-
ticular class of individuals, but alike to all who are
the subjects of divine government. Our forefathers,
when they formed this government, had seen enough
of human despotism, in its examples presented m
other countries, to warn them against monopolies
and tyranny of any description; and they desired to
form such a government as would the most neatly
approximate to the divine government. To do tins,
they saw the necessity of limiting the power of the
government which they were about to form; and a
part, and a necessary part of their plan was, at the
outset, the adoption of a written constitution, in
which certain powers were given to this government
to be exercised by it for national purposes, the rest
being reserved to the States of the Union, and to
the people.
Among the powers thus delegated to Congress,
was the power to lay taxes on excises and imports
to pay the debts and provide for the common de-
fence and general welfare of the United States; and
also the power to regulate commerce with foreign
nations, and among the several States, and with the
-Indian tribes. And he would say that, if there
was any power given in this instrument which au-
thorized the Congress of the United States to pro-
tect any branch of the industry of the country to
the exclusion of all the rest, it must find its founda-
tion in the power to lay taxes, or the power to
regulate commerce. The Supreme Court of the
United States, in perhaps one of the most important
cases ever adjudicated in this country, and which to
this day might stand as a text-book for latitudina-
rians, expressly declared that the power to lay taxes
and the power to regulate commerce were two sepa-
rate and distinct branches of power. They have said
that the power to lay taxes could not 6e mingled
with the power to regulate commerce; and he held
it as the same doctrine that, under the power to reg-
ulate commerce, Congress had no right to protect
manufactures. The utmost extent to which Judge
Story carried the doctrine was, that under that pow-
er, Congress could only protect manufactures by
laying countervailing duties. The Supreme Court
had decided that the power to regulate commerce
extends to the regulation of the navigation of the
country, and the intercourse with foreign nations and
among the several States: for that purpose, the
power was vested in Congress; and for that, and
any similar purpose, it might be exercised; but he
denied that there was any respectable authority for
the doctrine that Congress had the right to protect
manufactures under this clause of the constitution.
Mr. B. then went on to argue that the other
clause of the constitution which authonzes
Congress to make general laws to carry
particular powers into effect, is confined to
cases where the end is legitimate, and within the
scopc of the constitution; and therefore Congress did
not possess the power to protcct manufactures un-
der this clause. It was upon one or the other of
these three clauses of the constitution that a pro-
tective tariff can be maintained; and to bring it with-
in these powers, it was necessary to show that the
end was legitimate. The first question, then, was,
was the power to protect manufactures within the
scope of the constitution, and within the legitimate
end that was to be derived from it? Mr. B. then
went on to argue that it was not within the legitimate
end of the power to regulate commerce, for that was
given to regulate navigation only; that it was not a
legitimate end of the taxing power, for all duties
were to be uniform; and there was not only uni-
formity necessary in the laying of duties, but they
should also be laid as nearly equal as possible on all
sections of the country, according to the mode of
raising revenue which may be adopted by the gov-
ernment.
Mr. B. continued for some time the constitutional
part of his argument, and then proceeded to portray
the baleful effects of the system—its taxing one sec-
tion of the country for the benefit of others, and
its leading to an extravagant system of expenditure
which must flow from it. He showed its delete-
rious effects on the several States of the Union—
begetting systems of extravagance, extending credit
to States and citizens, and binding them to foreign
capitalists. He then proceeded to give a history
of the origin and progress of the protective tariff sys-
tem, and made a comparison of the effects of the
tariff laws that have been passed since 1828, refuting
the various arguments that have been used in sup-
port of a protective tariff.
Mr. B. then read the following:
These customs are, then, we see, a tax immediately paid
by the meiohdiit, although ultimately by the consume!.
And yet these are the duties A1 It least by the people; and, if
prudently managed, thp people hardly consider that they
pay them at all: for the merchant is easy, being sensible he
does not pay them foi himself, and the consumer, who real-
ly pays them, confounds them with the price of the com-
modity—m the sanie manner, as Tacitus observes, that the
emperor Iseio gamed the reputation of abolishing the tax
on the sale of alaves, thouqh he only transferred it from the
buyer to the seller, so that it was, as he expresses it, "re/iris-
sum lua^if st>erie.quatn a quia,nan venditor pendnrejubei etvr,m
pin tcni pretu emptm ibus accrescehalBut this inconvenience
pttends it on the other hand, that these imposts, if too heavy,
are a check and cramp upon trade, and especially when the
•value of the commodity bears little or no proportion to the
quantity of the duty imposed. This, in consequence, gives
rise also to smuggling, which then becomes a very lucra-
tive employment; and its natui al and most reasonable pun-
ishment—viz: confiscation of the commodity—is, in such
case-3, quite ineffectual; the intrinsic value of the goods, •
which is all the smuggler has paid, and therefore all that he
can lose, being very inconsiderable, when compared with
his prospect of advantage in evading the duty. Recourse
must therefore be had to extraordinary punishments to pre-
vent it—perhaps even to capital ones—which destroys all
proportion of punishment, and puts murderers upon an
equal footing with such as are really guilty of no natural,
but merely a positive, offence.
There is also another ill consequence attending high im-
posts on merchandise, not frequently considered, but indis-
putably certain—that the earlier any tax is laid on a com-
modity, the heavier it falls upon the consumer in the end;
for every trader through whose hands it passes must have a
profit, not only upon the raw material and his own labor
and time in preparing it, but also upon the very tax itself
which he advances to the government; otherwise he loses
the use and interest of the money which he so advances.
To instance in the article of foreign paper. The merchant
pays a duty upon importation, which he does not receive
agam till he sells the commodity—perhaps at the end of
three months. He is, therefore, equally entitled to a profit
upon that duty which he pays at the custom-house, as to a
profit upon the original price which he pays to the manu-
facturer abroad, and connsiders it, accordingly, in the price
he demands of the stationer. When the stationer sells it
again, he requires a profit of the printer or bookseller upon
the whole sum advanced by him to the merchant; and the
bookseller does not forget to charge the lull proportion to
the student or ultimate consumer, who, therefore, does not
only pay the original duty, but the profits of these three in-
termediate traders, who have successively advanced it for
him. This might be carried much farther in any mechani-
cal or more complicated branch of trade.
This, he said, was from Blackstone, vol. 1, pages
316, '17, and '18, a rather ancient writer; and he
commended it more particularly to the gentlemen of
the West, who, the farther they lived from the ports,
had the more to pay for the articles which they
purchased.
But, to proceed, the protectionists contended that
protection cheapened goods. He here briefly re-
plied to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Wethered,] who had exhibited various specimens
of manufactured goods on this floor.
• But what, he asked, were the reasons for this in-
creased cheapness? He went on to show that it was
occasioned by the improvement of' machinery
throughout the world, the change of the trade and
of the currency, the reduced demand for manu-
factured articles, and the reduction in the price of
labor. He added, however, that the argument of
their opponents could only be maintained on the
ground that protection now will subsequently ena-
ble American manufactures to supply the place of
English manufactures; and that English manufac-
tures had not cheapened also. To make the argu-
ment effective, he said the laborers in this country
must work as cheap as the laborers in Europe, of
whose condition the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Owen] had presented so graphic a sketch. Let not,
then, the gentlemen opposite denounce the pauper
labor of England, while they were proposing to
cheapen our labor to the same standard, and to
bring ourselves to the same wretched state of human
dependence, which is brought about by taxation and
extravagant expenditures in England.
Now, on one important part of the subject which
this question involved, he wished to oppose one
Boston writer to another—a merchant against a
manufacturer. Mr. Appleton, of Boston, had been
recently in Europe, and he spoke of this subject of
protection, and no doubt advisedly, as "a question
of labor—of the protection of our high-priced, full-
fed, intelligent labor, against the cheap, starving la-
bor of other countries." But what were the farts?
A "Boston merchant" says, on the subject of a
comparison of wages in the cotton mills in Lan-
cashire and the United States, let them give the
comparison of Robert Hyde Gregg, esq., late mem-
ber of Parliament for Manchester, against Mr.
Schenck, of Matteawan, each the largest manufac-
turers of fustians in their respective countries;
Messrs. Bayley, of Staleybridge, Lancashire, large
manufacturers of sheetings, printing cloths, &c.,
against those of Lowell, in Massachusetts, and
Manchester, in New Hampshire; and it will be
found that wages are about 10 per cent, less
on the average in the cotton mills of England than
those of New England; while in the cost of the
staple of cotton, New England has an advantage in
price, of 15 per cent, at least. Wages in New Eng-
land cotton mills average about $3 per week each
person. Wages at the mills of Lancashire, accord-
ing to statements published by Messrs. Taylor, of
the Manchester Guardian, July, 1842, and by
Messrs. Whittaker, as reported in a late speech of
Mr. Cobden, at London, averaged 11 shillings ster-
ling, or $2 66 decimal currency per week. The
wages oi carpenters, brick-layers, and other domes-
tic artificers, as well as machinists, in Greenwich,
England, from 1819 to 1840, by published returns,
was 33 shillings sterling, or §8 per week.
Thus the largest manufacturers of sheetings arid
