576
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
•28th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Houston.
H.of Reps
and consequent loss of her trade and friendship, is
provided against. If deaf to reason, the annexation
would eventually come without her consent, but not
without having conciliated her feelings by showing
her a proper respect. The danger of future Missouri
controversies is avoided, by providing in the bill for
the-admission of slave States, and neutralizing the
slave question by dividing the annexed territory
equally between the slave and non-slaveholding
States—a division for which nature had provided in
the equal and natural division of the countries into
two equal halves, one half fit, the other unfit, for prof-
itable slave labor. The treaty only provided difficul-
ties—difficulties at home and abroad—war and loss
of trade with Mexico—Missouri controversies, and
dissolution of the Union at home. When the time
came for admitting new States under the treaty, had
it been ratified, then came the tug of war. The cor-
respondence presented it wholly as a slave question.
As such it would be canvassed at the elections; and
here numerical strength was against us. If the new
States were not admitted with slaves, they would
not come in at all. Then southern States might
say they would stand out with them; and then came
the crisis! So obviously did the treaty mode of ac-
quisition, and the correspondence, lead to this result,
that it may be assumed to have been their object;
and thus a near period arranged for the dissolution
of onr Union. Happily, these dire consequences
are averted, for the present; and the bill I have
brought in provides the way of obviating them for-
ever, and, at the same time, making sure of the an-
nexation.
Mr. President, I have presented you considera-
tions, founded in the relations of commerce and
good neighborhood, for preserving not merely peace,
but good will with Mexico. We are the first—she
the second power of tlv- New World. We stand
at the head of the anglo-Saxon—she at the head of
the south-European race—but we all come from the
sanie branch of the human family—the white
branch—which, taking its rise in the Caucas-
ian mountains, and circling Europe by the
north and by the south, sent their vanguards
to people the two Americas—to redeem them
from the savage and the heathen, and to biing
them within the pale of the European systems.
The independence of these vanguards from their
metropolitan ancestors, was in the natural order of
human events; and the precedence of the anglo-
Saxon branch in this assertion of a natural
right, was the privilege and prerogative of
their descent and education. The descendants of
the English became independent first; those of the
Spaniards followed; and, from the first dawn of their
national existences, were greeted with applause, and
saluted with the affection of brothers. They, on
their part, showed a deference and an affection for
us fraternal and affecting. Though speaking a dif-
ferent language, professing a different religion, bred
in a different system of laws and of government,
and guarded from all communication with usfor
centuries, yet they instantly took us for their model,
framed their constitutions upon ours, and spread the
great elements of old English liberty—elections,
legislatures, juries, habeas corpus, face-to-face trials,
no arrests but on special warrants!—spread all these
essentials of liberty from the ancient capital of
Montezuma to the end of the South American con-
tinent. This was honorable to us, and we felt it; it
was beneficial to them, and we wished to cement
the friendship they had proffered, and to perpetuate
among them the institutions they had adopted.
Conciliation, arising from justice and fairness, was
our only instrument of persuasion; and it was used
by all, and with perfect effect. Every administra-
tion—all the people—followed the same course; and,
until this day—until the present administration—
there has not been one to insult or to injure a new
State of the South. Nowitisdone. Systematic in-
sult has been practised; spoliation of two thousand
miles of incontestable territory, over and above
Texas, has been attempted; outrage, to the perpetra-
tion of clandestine war, and lying in wait to attack
the innocent by land and water, has been commit-
ted: and on whom? The second power of the New
World after ourselves—the head of the Spanish
branch—and the people in whose treatment at our
hands the rest may read their own. Descended
from the proud and brave Castilian—as proud and
as brave now as in the time of Charles the Fifth,
when Spain gave law to nations, and threatened
Europe with universal domination—these young
nations are not to be outraged with impunity.
Bfojten and dispersed; the Spanish family has lost
much of its power, but nothing of its pride, its
courage, its chivalry, and its sensitiveness to insult.
The head of the powers of the New World—
deferred to as a model by all—the position of the
United States was grand, and its vocation noble. It was
called to the high task of uniting the American na-
tions in the bonds of brotherhood, and in the social
and political systems which cherish and sustain
liberty. They are all republics, and she the elder
sister; and it was her business to preserve harmony,
frindship, and concord in a family of iepublics, oc-
cupying the whole extent of the New Wokld.
Every interest connected with the welfare of the
human racc required this duty at our hands. Lib-
erty, religion, commerce, science, the liberal and
the useful arts, all required it; and, until now, we
had acted up to the grandeur of our position, and
the nobleness of our vocation. A sad descent is
now made; but the decision of the Senate arrests
the plunge, and gives time to the nation to recover
its place, and its character, and again to appear as
the elder sister, the friendly head, and the model
power of the cordon of republics which stretch
from noi th to the south, throughout the two Amer-
icas.
The day will comc when the rejection of this
treaty will stand, uncontestedly, amongst the wisest
and most patriotic acts of the American Senate.
SPEECH OF ME.. HOUSTON,
OF ALABAMA,
In the House of Representatives, June 4, 1844—On the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr, Chaihman : It was not my purpose or ex-
pectation, when honored with a seat in this Hall, to
engage in the party debates which too often arise
here, to the prejudice and delay of the business of
the country. But, sir, it seems that no bill can be
brought forward, either of a general or local charac-
ter, that does not give rise to a party discussion ; and,
according to my recollection, in every instance,
without a single exception, (or but one at most,) it
has been commenced by some member of the Whig
party. They have said so much, that I feel that my
constituents (although opposed to this sort of dis-
cussion here) will not only excuse, but expect me
to appropriate a portion of my hour to an expose
of some of the mntiy false charges which have been
made against the party of which I claim to be an
humble member. It is not my purpose to attempt
a defence of the administration of Mr. Van Buren—
that is unnecessary ; his acts and political history
stand vindicated by and before the people. The over-
whelming majority of his friends returned to this
Congress, not only put the brand of falsehood
upon the thousand slanders which have been circu-
lated against him, but it places him so high upon the
list of pure patriots and statesmen, that the puny
efforts of huckstering politicians cannot, by possi-
bility, reach him ; nor does he desire or need their
affected sympathies. Sir, he scorn# and despises
their crocodile tears. His claims for a renomina-
tion were before his friends, not by his act or desire ;
those friends have thought proper to select another,
and with their action, Mr. Van Buren U perfectly
content. He remained at home, in dignified silence,
as a statesman should ; he did not traverse the po-
litical circuit, haranguing ihe people and election-
eering for a nomination. No, sir; such a course would
have degraded him, not only in his own estimation,
but in the esteem of all right-thinking men. Yes,
sir, Mr. Van Buren will as warmly support the
nominees of the lite convention, as the warmest
advocate of the principles of the party.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Sumeiis,]
says, the people will hardly believe that Governor
Polk has received the nomination ; and that we will
ha\e to obtain the certificate of General Jackson to
the fact, to obtain for it credence. Now, sir, I will
not undertake to say what sort of proof his constitu-
ents may require; he knows, and has a right to
speak for them; and, if he thinks fit, to brand them,
in the face of the country, with such gross igno-
rance, he can do so* I will tell that gentleman,
however, that we will give him a proper certificate
of the fact, in due season; not that of General Jack-
son—not that of New Jersey, with Governor Pen-
nington's broad seal to it—not that of any one
State, or of any dozen States; but, sir, after Novem-
ber next, we will present the simple, but solemn
certificate of the American people, with their broad
seal upon it—of the Uunterrified democracy" of this
nation—that James JC. Polk is elected President of
these United States. "Will that satisfy the gentleman"?
Mr. Chairman, you know mucli has been said by
our whig friends about the expenditures of Mr. Van
Buren's administration ; that they have made various
charges on that subject, all of which, they say, are
authentic, taken from the records, with a formidable
array of figures, which, of course, according to their
logic, must he true. Now, sir, it is meet and proper
for us, at times, to recur to past events, and see if
there be anything in them calculated to aid us in the
future. With that view, I have, after careful exami-
nation, made out a table of amounts charged by dif-
ferent whigs, at different times, as having been the
true expenditures of the late administration : it may
do good to the whigs themselves, to present before
them their glaring inconsistencies and misrepresen-
tations, that they may become ashamed of the reck-
lessness of their own conduct, and be more cautious
hereafter. If, however, it does not produce that re-
sult, I cannot be mistaken m supposing it will open
the eyes of the public, and destroy the credit of those
gentlemen with honest people, whose desire is truth
and justicc—who love principle better than men—
and are determined to sustain the honor and integ-
rity of the country. I do not pretend to charge that
they,knowingly and intentionalIy,made false charges.
No, sir; but I mean to say, they either intentionally
or ignorantly made false statements, calculated, if
not intended, to deceive and mislead the people ; and
I will Iea\e them to make their own selection ; they
may take either horn of the dilemma; but either is
suilicient to induce the American people hereafter
to place no reliance upon any of their political state-
ments. That but two, at most, of these statements
can, in the nature of things, be correct, no one
in this House, either whig or democrat, can for a
moment doubt; all must know the others to be in-
correct. Which is true, and which untrue, I will not
undertake to decide; it is a sort of family quarrel,
and they must decide it; they will probably have to
draw straivs M to determine it, or they may be able
to " settle it in caucusit is enough for me to
show, that the most, if not all of them, are wrong;
and to do that, I bring up their own acts as testi-
mony. I put them one against another .• " Out of
their own mouths do I condemn them.11 But, sir,
let me give the table to the gross inconsistencies of
which I have just alluded.
Expenditures, as charged by various Jf'iugs.
Mr. Ulay, 1 March, 1812, App., 193, aggregate, $142 561,945 16
Average per year, - • • ~ - • 35,6-10 486 37
Mr. Oiingrcan, 7 Maich, 1841, p. 4, aggregate,
Aveidge of that per year,
112 000.000 00
28 010,000 00
Mr Davh, 5 April, 1844. p. 2, say?—
dnurea for Mr. Van Buien's 4 yeais .
Average of ihateurn per year would he,
fc* line page, he a-his what he calls ihe public
delu, ciud sctjs—
Ag-n<?r-He expenditure? of Mr. V;-n
Buteti's a<ima"bsnauon,
Iking d.i ai.r.ual average of,
$112 773 707 41
26,193 9'^6 85
$120,118,494
iu4 023 :o
> isir—
I I SoS—37,185,505 30
l 18 >p—ob,bU4 412 t-6
5 1810-2? 114 o-5 i'O
1C3S,
A' pace 7, he gives the following c>t- (
uinn, Cdlkri lota', in a taWc (,f ex-
pemhtuies for various rems.
By adding up the four years of 1837,
1830 arid 1840, comprising Mr Van Hu-
ron's administration, >ou \viil have what
he there < alls u>Ul, omnting cxpenuiluus
on account oi trust funds, - ■ • $1330lQ.714 2f>
Winch would give an average per year ol 33 25J 678 56
Junius No 1, p u;e 10, says, aggregate,
Average perycai, - .
$110 3-5,321 15
35,116 330 M
Stewai t, of Pennsylvania, p.2, sa}* the aver-
age was over - ... - -
Lynn, of N Y , 27 July, 1841, App , page 485,
s—
Expenditures for four years, -
Average per year, ....
Stanly, 17 March, 1842, App., 902, gives for
lour years, • • . - " -
Which would average per yar, •
Fii'more, 9 June, 1642, App , 905—
Total,  
Being ail average for each yc_r,
Randolph, of N. J ,20 June, 1812, App , 818—
Aggiega'e 
Annual average, *
$'28.000 000 00
$110 987.462 00
27.740.000 00
®132 768718 40
33,192,179 UJ
SU0.9S7.472 33
27 746,868 13
1U.999,673 09
27,999 918 27
