CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5t3
' that of silk, these unnatural operations must be supported
by mutual prohibitions, or high duties on the importation
of each other's goods; by which means the workmen are
enabled to tax the home consumer- by greater prices, while
the higher wages they receive makes them neither happier
nor ncher, since they only drink more and work less.
Therefore, the governments in America do nothing to en-
courage such projects."
He (Mr. D.) had felt it to be something extraordinary that
a senator of the United States, and particularly from New
England, could have endorsed that sentiment.
Mr. WOODBURY said, if the gentleman would indulge
him a moment, he would observe that the quotation just
read had again and again been stated to be his language.
He had neither uttered nor intended to adopt it. The quota-
tion had been made to show that those who had represented
Dr. Franklin to have been favorable to a high tariff, were in
error. And to pro\ e this, Franklin's writings were read,
which had been compiled—not lately, nor as to Americans,
but many years ago, and in relation to the operation of the
system formerly in Europe. Mr. W. disclaimed ever having
said or thought anything of the kind imputed to him—as to
labor.
Mr. DAYTON was glad to find that the senator from New
Hampshire disclaimed the sentiment and conclusion quoted
from Dr. Franklin. He offered some reasons apologetic for
those who had inferred, from the context of the senators
speech, that he had quoted Dr. Franklin approvingly; and
then continued his remark's, m the course of which he en-
tered into a historical sketch*©f the legislation of England
for the last six or eight centuries in relation to the wages of
labor, and cited the various acts of Parliament passed during
the reigns of several monarchs for the regulation of labor,
with a view of showing that the condition of agricultural
laborers was wretched in the extreme until manufactures
were developed over the country, and produced a middle
class between the feudal .lords and their debased serfs, to
which middle class the great improvements in the mass of
society in Great Britain were due. Hence he deduced that,
without the encouragement and advances of manufactures
in England, the condition of her population never would
have been elevated to the pre-eminence which it subse-
quently attained. Although pauperism was to be found
there yet, and a poor-house system was necessary, the con-
trast between the condition of England and the English
people collectively, now and at the period when the king-
dom was purely agricultural, showed the value and ten-
dencies of the activity of manufactures. The effects were
not merely physical—they extended to intellect. Intelli-
gence and civilization were the handmaids of commerce and
manufactures. Wherever the latter had been encouraged
and fostered, the former made the most rapid advances. To
enable this country to reach the high destinies awaiting it,
he considered it indispensably neccssary to continue the
American system, and allow it to produce those great na-
tional results of which it had already given such flattering
promise.
Mr. D. having concluded—
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the resolution was laid on the
table for the present
The PRESIDENT pro tem. of the Senate laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United States,
enclosing a report of the Secretary of War, in answer to a
resolution of inquiry touching the Stockbridge Indians;
which, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and, after some
time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 29, 1844.
The journal having been read,
Mr. WELLER, by unanimous consent, presented the pro-
ceedings of a convention of delegates from the 4th, 5th and
6th wards of the city of Washington, containing a plan for
a charter of said city; which was referred to the Committee
of the "Whole on the State of the Union.
FLORIDA INDIANS.
Mr. LEVY, by general consent offered the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish to this House copies of all correspondence between the
department, or any of its bureaus with the commanding offi-
cers in Florida since the first of November, 1843, respecting
the Indians remaining in said Territory; and the orders
which have been given to said .officer with respect to the
removal of said Indians from that Territory, or their contin-
uance in it; together with all letters from any citizens of
Florida which may have been addressed to the department,
or referred to it, respecting the proper policy to be adopted
■with said Indians; and that he also transmit to this House
copies of whatever information may have been received at
the department respecting the recent Indian aggressions
and murder in West Florida.
Mr. LEWIS offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House copies of such por-
tions of the correspondence, public or private, in the years
1616,1817,1818, 1819, and 1820, between our ministers at
the court of Madrid and the Department of State, between
those ministers andth^ Spanhh Secretaries of State, and be-
tween the Department of State and the Spanish ministers
accredited to this government, and which correspondence
may not have been hitherto communicated to either House
of Congress and published under the authority of either.
Mr. J. BRJNKERHOFF objected.
Mr. LEWIS moved a suspension of the rules, which was
carried by yeas and nays—yeas 119, nays *23, as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Adams, Atkinson, Barringcr, Bar-
nard, Benton, Bidlack, James Black, J. A. Black, Bowlin,
Boyd, Brodhead, William J. Brown, Burket Caldwell,
Reuben Chapman. Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Chil-
ton, Chngman, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Garrett Davis,
Richard D. Davis, Jehn W. Davifc, Deberiy, Dickey, Dick-
inson, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Farlee, Ficklin,
Florence, Foot, French, Giddings* WiBis Greep, Byram
Green, Grmnell, Hale, Hardin, Harper, Henley, Herrick,
Holmes, Hosje, Hopkins, Houston, Hudson, Joseph R. In-
gersoll, Irvm, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson,
Andrew Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatnck, Labranche,
Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, McClelland, McConnell, McDowell,
Mcllvaine, Edward J. Morris, Murphy, Nes, Norris, Owen,
Peyton, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt,
Preston, Ramsey, David S. Reid, Ritter, Roberts,
Robinson, Rogers, Russell, Saunders, Schenck, Senter,
Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simpson, Slidell,
Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Andrew Stewart,
Stiles, Stone, Strong, Summers, Thompson, Tibbatts, Vance,
Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, Wheaton, White,
Winthrop,|Woodward, William Wright, Joseph A. Wright,
and Yost—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Baker, Brengle, J. Brinkerhoff,
Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Clinton, Cran-
ston, Dean, Grider, Hamlin, Hungerford, Washington Hunt,
James B. Hunt, Preston King, McCauslen, Marsh, Mathews,
Moseley, Reding, Rockwell, Tilden, and Tyler—23.
-Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved the previous question on the res-
olution.
Mr. ADAMS asked the gentleman to withdraw his motion
to enable him to offer an amendment, striking out the pro-
viso at the end of the'resolution.
Mr. DAVIS withdrew the motion ©n condition that the
gentleman would renew it, after offering his amendment.
Mr. ADAMS offered his amendment striking out the pro-
viso.
The CHAIR said the amendment was not in order, with-
out the consent of the gentleman who offered the res-
olution.
Mr. LEWIS said that a call on the executive for informa-
tion. without the proviso in the resolution was altogether
unusual, otherwise lie would accept it with pleasure.
Mr. ADAMS said there had been numerous cases where
resolutions callingfor information had been adopted without
the proviso.
Mr. LEWIS then accepted the amendment as a modifica-
tion, presuming that the President would have no difficulty
in answering the call; and
The previous question being then seconded by the House,
under its operation the resolution was passed.
Mr. HARPER asked the general consent of the House to
make a report from the Committee on Patents.
- Objections being made,
Mr HARPER moved to suspend the rules; but there be-
ing only 65 gentlemen voting in the affirmative, the ques-
tion was decided to be lost.
THE TARIFF.
On the motion of Mr. NORRIS, the House resolved itself
into Committee ot the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr Hopkins in the chair—and resumed the consideration of
the bill to amend and modify the act of 1842, imposing du-
ties on imports
Mr. WELLER, who was entitled to the floor from Satur-
day last. rose, and proceeded to address the committee in
favor of the bill After some prefatory remarks on the im-
portance of the question, especially to that portion of the
country from which he comes, he said some gentlemen on
that floor have demanded protection for particular interests;
but against what, he inquired, was this protection to be
given? Was it against fraud, or against violence, or oppres-
sion? No; it was against low prices, or, as gentlemen some-
times expressed it, against the cheap pauper labor of Eng-
land and other foreign countries. But how was this protec-
tion to be afforded? There was no way but t  increase the
duties on imports, and thus increase the price of manufac-
tures by giving the manufacturers the control of the home
market. But by doing this, they would increase the price
of manufactured articles to the consumer, while they di-
minished the revenue raised for the necessary expenses of
government. There must be twenty millions of dollars
raised for that purpose, either by direct taxation, or by im-
posts on foreign goods; and if there were five classes of ar-
ticles on which the-twenty millions were to be raised, that
would leave four millions to be raised by each. Suppose
w oollen goods to be one class, and the woollen manufac-
tures called for the protection of that article, and to accom-
plish that object such a duty was imposed as had the effect
of lessening the importation of woollen goods into this coun-
try: was not the revenue of the country thereby diminish-
ed' And if the four millions to be raised by the importation
of woollen goods should be reduced one half,did it not follow,
as a necessary consequence, that the government must levy
two millions more on the other taxable articles, the injus-
tice and folly of which were plain and palpable?
But it was said that protection now would enable our
manufacturers to compete with those of foreign countries,
and would lead to a reduction of the article protected to the
consumer. With the average rate of protection by this bill—
to which must be added the rate of insurance and other ex-
penditures—there was a protection of 4-5 or 60 per cent, for
the manufacturers: and was not that sufficient7 But had they
made the progress that was promised? In 1790 the average
rate of duties was 7J per cent; and, with that protection.it
was represented that they would soon be enabled to get
along very well: but what was the fact* In 1816 the aver-
age rate of duty was 25 per cent.; in 1S24 it was 33^; and in
1812 they got along with the very moderate average rate of
duties of 40 per cent. In a period of 50 years, they had thus
progressed from 7i to 40; and haw long, then, he would ask,
would it take to bring them to the promised reductions? He
next proceeded to show the increased rate of duties on par-
ticular articles at various periods up to the present time, and
then gave statistical statements of exports and imports to
show that our exports—which he assumed as evidence of
prosperity—were greater under a low than under a high
tariff During the period from the year 1829 to 1832, our ex-
ports were $239,600,000; but from 1838 to 1841, a period when
we had alow tariff, our exports were $420,000,000 of domes-
tic goods—being $180,000,000 more for the same period of
four years, under a low than under a high tariff For the
period from 1834 to 1837, inclusive, (the four years of the
compromise law,) this country imported $607,000,000 worth
of goods, and during the same period exported $542,000,000
worth of domestic produce—being an excess oi imports of
^^OOfyOOO, From 1838 to 1841, (b^in^ four ye$rs of ft low
tariff,) our imports were $510,000,000, and our exports
$536,000,000, or $26,000,000 of excess of exports over im-
ports. ..
He also adduced other statistical proofs of the position
which he assumed, and then proceeded to notice the accu-
sation which had been made by gentlemen in opposition#
that the advocates of this bill were the advocates and
friends of British interests. He noticed the tenderness
which those gentlemen themselves manifested towards
Great Britain when some gentlemen on this floor, some
weeks ago, contended for the termination of the joint occu-
pancy of Oregon; and added, that he had no attachment to
Great Britain or her institutions. He recollected that that
government had attempted to perpetuate the yoke on the
necks of our revolutionary fatners; nor could lie forget her
subsequent outrages on our rights. He had, therefore, no
attachment for her; and he desired to see our flag- planted
on the Columbia river, and all British authority thers extir-
pated. It now, however, suited the tactics of the party op-
Sjosed to him to seek to drive this government to impose
ligh protective tariffs to operate against "the pauper labor
of England." But w hence did those gentlemen derive their
protective system? No government on the face of the earth
had carried this protective system to a greater extent than
Great Britain; and what effect did it produce on th^ laboring
people? Misery and starvation, distressing accounts oi"
which were continually coming over to us. And why was
this, when we, who were but sixteen or eighteen days' sail
from England, produced so much mere than we can con-
sume of the fruits of the earth?
In Great Britain, the whole of the real estate was in the
hands of about 35,000 or 40,000 people; and in order to give
them protection, the government has imposed a duty on
breadstutts so high as to amount to a prohibition of their
importation under the operation of the corn laws. The titled
aristocracy of Great Britain, who principally own all the
lands, have become wealthy and powerful; but has not that
wealth been extorted from the mass of the working men of
the country > The gentleman told the House that there was
to be no humbug here. Now, if this charge which the gen'
tleman made of the democratic party being under British,
influence was not a humbug, he did not know what one
was. A few days ago, they were told that the people could
be gulled and deceived no longer. He had hopes that the
canvass this fall was to be conducted on no other principles
than appeals to sober reason; but here was a charge made
from that quarter of the House which has always been
termed a British party, and who have invariably sided with
England, that the democratic party was under British in-
fluence. But (said Mr. W.) let us examine the argument of
the gentleman on the other side. They say that Great Brit-
ain will not admit the importation of our agricultural prod-
ucts, and that the democratic party, notwithstanding, are for
admitting her manufactures at a low rate of duty, and in this
way reduce this country to a state of colonial dependence.
In reply to this, one single fact was worth a dozen argu-
ments. How stood our tiadewith England? Now, it was
shown by the public documents, that from the year 1S2S
to 1S37, a period of high duties, we exported to Great
Britain and her possessions one hundred and sixty-six mil-
lions' worth of our products, and imported from that country
one hundred and eighty millions' worth of her manufactures.
From 1837 to 1841, when the tariff had been brought down
by the compromise act, we exported to Gieat Britain and
her possessions forty-eight millions of dollars' worth of our
products more than we imported. This was during a period
when there w as no hijjh tariff. In the period of a high
tarifl, (1834 to 1837,) we imported twenty millions more than
we exported. And yet gentlemen told lis that Great Britain
would buy nothing from us. In 1842, the whole amount of
flour exported abroad was seven millions, and of this more
than one-half was carried to England. Of pork, beef, live
stock, &c., the whole amount exported was two millions
and some odd thousand dollars, and England alone took one
and a half million of it. So much for the argument that
England would not take our agricultural products. But
they were told that it was necessary to build up a home
market for our breadstuff's, and that the way to do so, was to
protect American manufactures- The gentlemen who weie
in favor of piotecting manufactures, by the imposition of
duties on imports, endeavored to persuade those who
represented the agricultural interest that it was for their in-
terest to stand still and be taxed, on the ground that they
were going to furnish a home market for the products of
their agriculture.
It was worth while to look at the number of persons em-
ployed m manufactures, as compaied with the lest of the
population ofth« United States', to ascertain to what extent
ahomemaiket had been afforded by the opeiabon of the
high tariff system. Mr. W. here reacl from the tables in the
census, a statement showing the number of persons engaged
in the different branches of manufacture, from which he
made out the whole number engaged in majiufactuies of all
kinds to be 179,685 persons. The very statement of the
number was sufficient to show the absurdity of supposing
that the manufacturers could consume the surplus agricul-
tural products of the country.
Now, if it would takefiftv years to produce manufacturers
enough to consume as much food as 179,685 persons would
require, how long would it be before there w ould be manu-
facturers enough to consume the balance of these surplus
agricultural products. The most strenuous opposition to
the bill before the committee was from the members from
those States interested in the trade in coal and iron. "How
many persons were theic in Pennsylvania interested in ths
iron and coal trade, and the business of hardware and cut-
lery ? The tables stated the number to be 17,067 persons,
while the population of the State of Pennsylvania was
1,700,000; and here it was proposed that this 1,700,000 of
population should stand still and be taxed for the benefit of
these 17,067 persons engaged in manufactures, and who
were to furnish the home market forjthe agricultural prod-
ucts of the State. Why, he could show that the county ha
lived in alone could feed the whole of the manufac-
turers in Pennsylvania.
In reply to Mr. Wethered, who had read an extract
from a message of Mr. Jefferson in favor of protecting man-
ufacturers, Mr. W. said that this message was written' in
1802, in the infancy of the government, before Mr. Jefferson
had time to see the operation of the system; bnt hewouM
