564
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
read, for the gentleman's edification, another extract from the
writings of Mr. Jefferson, written at a later period, when ex*
perience had shown the evil effects of the system. , Mr. W.
then read some extracts from Mr. Jefl'ersort's works*' in
which he spoke of the system of- protection to one portion
of the industry of the country at the expense trf another, in-
terms of the severest reprobation, and denounced it as a
system which went to enrich the manufacturer at the ex-
pense of the plundered ploughman and beggared yeomanry
of the country. Mj. W. theSi went on to snow the effects of
a high tariff* on the prices fef produce.
From 1828 to 1837, a ttteriod of high duties, the average
price of flour in the-Phiiadelphia market was $4 60 per bar-
rel; but from 1837 to 1841, a period of low duties, the aver-
age price of flour in the same market was $5 37 per barrel.
Mr. w. showed, also, the same results as.to the prices of
wheat and corn, and pork and beef, in Ohio. Now, with
all this evidence before him, he was asked, as a representa-
tive from an agricultural State, to tax his constituents, with
the fallacious idea of building up a home market for the
products of their industry. Mr. W. then went on to show
the enormous profits of the manufacturers—over 20 per
cent; and contrasted them with, the diminished profits of
agriculture—not amounting to 4 per cent. Notwithstanding
which, agriculture, which was the most depressed interest,
was to be taxed in order to foster and cherish manufactures,
which was the most prosperous interest
Mr. RAMSEY nextaddressedthe committee in opposition
to the bill. He spoke mainly of the iron interests in Penn-
sylvania, the capital invested therein, the number of per-
sons to whom it gave employment, and the importance of
that pursuit and manufacture not only to the State of Penn-
slyvania, but to all the other States of the Union. Reenter-
ed into a long argument in favor of protection, and against
the disturbing of a system which he contended worked ad-
vantageously.
Mr. GOLLAMER (who is a member of the Committee on
Manufactures) limited his argument to the article of wool,
qji article largely produced in his own State of Vermont.
He entered into a history of its culture, originally in Spain,
aftd afterwards in the United States, whither the sheep were
transported; and noticed the influence our climate had on
that article of our produce; and then argued that, to permit
the importation of foreign manufactured woollens at low
duties, would be the destruction of that interest in Ver-
mont and other States.
Mr. LEONARD discussed the operation of the tariff laws
on the interests of his constituents, through his hour, go-
ing through many statistical facts and reasoning thereon,
to show the injurious tendency of high tariffs.
Mr. McILVAINE observed thai, in considering this sub-
ject, the first inquiry that presented itself was, where was
the necessity for malting any change in the existing laws
imposing duties on imports. The message of the President,
and the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, did not
show that any alteration was demanded by the state of the
revenue. On tbe contrary, the Secretary of the Treasury
said that he had not been able, as yet, to learn enough of the
practical operation o( the last revenue law to form an opin-
ion on the subject. No change had been asked for by the
people. After having been hf:re foi five months, not a sin-
gle petition had been received for a reduction of the duties,
while, on the other hand, they had received several remon-
strances against interfering in any way with the existing
laws.
As a revenue measure, the tariff of 1842 had been found to
work well, and to produce a sufficiency of revenue for the
purposes of the government. If this act, then, was suffi-
cient for revenue purposes, then the only objection that
could be raised against it was, that it was a protective tariff.
Of the policy of protecting the manufactures of the country,
every President, from General "Washington down, had been
in favor of it; and as to the results of such a policy on the
business of the country, the experience of the last year had
nhown that it was most favorable. Prosperity had again
visited every part of the country in consequence olthe
workings of the system. Commerce and agriculture were
flourishing as well as manufactures, and this was in conse-
quence ofthe protection afforded by the act of 1842. The
rottonof South Caralina, and the sugar of Louisiana, had
t>een benefited equally with the manufactures of the
North.
Mr. Mcl. went into an examination of the report of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and contended, in
opposition to it, that agricultuie was best encouraged
by protecting manufactmes, and in this way a home
market would be built up for the products of agriculture.
He next went into the effects of a protective tariff on
prices, and gave the present and former prices of a number
of articles for the purpo&e of showing that a protective tariff
had reduced prices. Ho took a view of tne state of the
different branches ofmanuiactures in the State be repre-
sented, (Pennsylvania.) described their present flourishing
condition, and adverted to the state of depression they
would be reduced to by a repeal of the protection under
which they had grown up. Mr. Mcl. continued his re-
marks in favor of the protective system up to the expira-
tion of his hour.
Mr. ALBERT SMITH obtained the floor, but gave way to
Mi E. J. MORRIS, who moved that the committee ilse.
On taking the question, the ayes were 24, and the
noes 3b.
No quorum voting, the committee rose, and reported that
fact to the Housts.
Mr. CAV E JOHNSON moved acall of the House.
.Mr. DICKEY moved that the House adjourn.
Mi.C. JOHNSON called foi the\eas and nays, which
being ordered,
Mr. DICKEY withdrew his motion
Mr. REDhNG that the House again resolve itself into a
Committee of the "Whole.
Mr ADAMS objected to doing any business without a
quorum.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved acall of the House; upon
which motion the yeas and nays being ordered,
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. -BURKE called for the yeas and nays; which being or-
dered, the question was taken, and resulted in yeas 46,
nays 50. ' '
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question, "Shall there be a call of the House?" was
then taken by yeas and-nays, and resulted thus: yeas 40,
nays 61.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were handed to
the reporters by the members presenting them:
By Mr. WRIGHT of Indiana: The petition of Joseph O.
Jones, and 206 other citizens of Vigo county, Indiana, asking
for an appropriation of lands in Indiana and Illinois, of the
vacant lands in Vincennes, Shawneetown, and Palestine
land districts, for the purpose of aiding in the improvements
of the rapids'of the Wabash river, and for the purpose of im-
proving said river generally; which was referred "to the
Committee of the whole House on the state of the Union,
where a bill is pending for said improvements.
By Mr. WRIGHT of Indiana: The petition of John G.
Floyd, and 243 other citizens of Vigo county, Indiana, setting
forth that the Cumberland road is in a state of dilapidation,
the materials collected for its construction are wasting, the
work still unfinished is going to decay, and the road itself
nearly impassable; and that m view of all this, and more par-
ticularly tne pledged faith of the government, they felt called
upon to urge appropriations for the benefit of the work, as
the state of the finances will warrant; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, where the bill for said appropriations is pending.
By Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama: The petition of S. Wil-
liams of de Kalb county, Alabama, for revolutionary pension;
John Duncan, Jackson county , Alabama, for revolutionary
pension; Obadiah M. Binge, ae Kalb county, Alabama, for
revolutionary pension.
By Mr. DAVIS of Indiana: The petition of Josiah John
son, and 46 other citizens of Indiana, praying an appropria-
tion of public lands to complete the Wabash and Erie canal
to the Ohio river.
By Mr. STEWART of Pennsylvania: Memorials sign-
ed by a great number of the citizens of Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against the passage of the tarift'bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and deprecating any change
in the tariff'of 1842, which they represent as now rapidly
restoring the national prosperity: referred to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. S. also presented a memorial from Pennsylvania, in
favor of a reduction of postage: referred to the Committe on
the Post Office and Post Hoads.
By Mr. CROSS: The petition of citizens of Lawrence and
Fulton counties, Arkansas, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Jackson in the former, to the court-house in
the latter county: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin: The petition of citizens of
the Territory of Wisconsin, asking the establishment of a
mail route from Milwaukie, via Hasts's rapids, in the coun-
ty of Dodge, and Columbus, in Portage county, to Fort
Winnebago, in said Territory: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 30, 1844.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the credentials of the
Hon. John M. Niles, who was elected by the legis-
lature of Connecticut a senator from that State for
six years from and after the 4th day of March last;
which being read—
Mr. FAIRFIELD informed the Senate that the
gentleman was present, and was prepared to take
the usual oath of office. a *
Mr. JARNAGIN hoped that the President pro
tern, would not proceed, under the circumstances of
the case, to administer the oath. They could not be
uninformed of what was a matter of history, but of
which, at that time, he did not choose to speak, of
the condition of that gentleman; which condition
was believed to disqualify him as a senator to rep-
resent the State from which he was elected. There
are circumstances attending the transaction, which
made it imperiously his duty to move the Senate to
appoint a committee (if it be within its constitutional
power to investigate the qualifications of senators)
to investigate the eligibility of this gentleman to a
seat. The common report was, that that gentleman,
however unfortunate it was, had been afflicted by
the dispensations of Providence in such a manner as
to prevent him, though he had been several weeks
in the city, from presenting himself, until now,
for qualification, and for a seat in that body.
He had been in Washington for several weeks, and
had not presented himself, for some reason, he knew
not what. The people have a deep interest in the
matter, and it was due to them that that individual
should not force himself into a seat, before an inves-
tigation was had into his qualification for a seat. It
was due to the people—to the Senate—to ascertain
whether the afflictions of this gentleman were such
as rendered him ineligible as a senator It was due
to the individual himself that the facts should be
known. If there was any alienation of mind, as
was the general rumor, it was right and proper that
the examination he (Mr. J.) suggested should take
place. In either point of view, it was due to the in-
dividual, in the first place, if it turned out one way,
and to the American people, if the investigation re-
sulted in another way. The common report was,
that the gentleman was afflicted by some malady;
and be therefore felt it to be his imperious duty to
call upon the Senate to set on foot an investigation,
in such a way as would be satisfactory, to see
whether he had recovered so far as to enable him to
be a fit representative of the State from which he
was elected. He believed, from the reading;of the
constitution, the Senate had the power to make the
investigation. The committee could report upon
the capability of the individual.
Mr. FAIRFIELD said that, having "been a. fel-
low-boarder of the senator from Connecticut since
he had been in the city, it was in his power to say
—and it gave him great pleasure to say—that, among
the thousand rumors inregard to a supposed mental
alienation of the senator from Connecticut, not one
of them was well-founded. Mr. F. said he had also
had the pleasure of being a fellow-boarder with that
gentleman several years ago, when he (Mr. F.) had
the honor of a seat in the House of Representatives;
and he could truly say that, so far as he was capa-
ble of judging, the mind of the senator was as strong
and clear now as when he was formerly acquainted
with him. It is true, he is laboring under a consid-
erable degree of physical debility, and consequent
depression of spirits; but no debility or disorder at-
taches to his mind; that is as sound and clear
as the mind of any member of this body. His
coming here was a matter of experiment, under-
taken by the advice of his physician, intending to
take his seat if his health should improve, or at
least net suffer, by the journey. His health has
been gradually improving since the first day of his
arrival; and he now feels that it is so far restored as
to authorize and require him to take his seat. The
competency of the Senate to object to his being
sworn, and to institute such an inquiry as the sena-
tor from Tennessee proposes, for one, I am (said
Mr. F.) by no means willing to admit. He was,
however, authorized by the senator from Connecti-
cut to say, that, in view of the many unfounded
newspaper rumors, and misapprehensions of many
persons in reference to himself, he not only waived
all constitutional and legal objections to the compe-
tency of the Senate to take the course suggested by
the senator from Tennessee, but he invited it;. and I
am glad (said Mr. F.) that the senator from Con-
necticut has consented to this course. He (Mr.
F.) was sure that an investigation would satisfyany
committee that may be appointed, that no man in
this body possesses a sounder mind, or is more ca-
pable, so far as mental and moral capacity are con-
cerned, to discharge the duties pertaining to this
high office, than the senator from Connecticut.
Mr. JARNAGIN said if these rumors should
turn out to be unfounded, there was no one on that
floor who would take more pleasure in witnessing
the gentleman from Connecticut take his seat than
himself. His purpose in moving the investigation
was as much to do an act of justice to that gentle-
man as a duty to the Senate and the people of the
United States.
Mr. J. then submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the credentials presented to the Senate of
the election of John M. Niles to be senator of the United
States from the State of Connecticut be referred te a select
committee, to consist of five, who shall be instructed to in-
quire into the election, returns, and qualification of the said
John M. Niles, and into his capacity at this time to take the
oath prescribed by the constitution of the United States.
Mr. ALLEN moved to strike out all that part of
the resolution referring to the capacity of the gen-
tleman. The word "qualification" was a term suffi-
cient to give general scope to the inquiry.
Mr. JARNAGIN accepted the modification.
Mr. FAIRFIELD saia that some senators around
him had suggested that it was incompetent for the
Senate to take such a course; and it would be setting
a very bad precedent, to authorize (under the power
given the Senate, by the constitution, to inquire into
the election, returns, and qualification of senators)
an inquiry into the mental qualification of senators.
To avoid the force of such an objection—of forming
a dangerous precedent—he would move an amend-
ment, that "said senator clect, hereby waiving all
constitutional and legal objection to the course pur-
sued."
Mr. JARNAGIN said he would dislike very
much to incorporate in his resolution, as a part of it,
the words suggested. He should be very happy
that the waiver appear—that the senator elect had
waived all constitutional objection which might ex-
ist—but not appear in this resolution.
Mr. FAIRFIELD withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN felt, he was sure, what was
the very common feeling of the Senate. He regard-
ed this, m it involved an important precedent as a
