CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
h-rendered it of some little importance
that the terms of the resolution should be well con-
sidered before they were adopted. It struck him,
that the resolution, as now modified, to exclude the
part touching the capacity of the senator elect, would
not give rise to the question intended to be involved,
and which was the object of the inquiry. The
words "election, qualification, and returns," in the
sense and meaning of the constitution do hot em-
brace the present question. He understood by the
word "qualification" nothing more than the consti-
tutional requirements of age, residence, &c. No-
body doubted the due election of this gentleman.
The question now proposed to be raised was, wheth-
er, from tile act of insanity, the senator elect became
ineligible to his seat. This question rises out of the
principles of the constitution, and not under that
power given the Senate to inquire into the elec-
tion, returns, and qualification of its members.
He would rather suggest, as the Senate was very
thin this morning,' and the question was of very
great delicacy, that the resolution be allowed to lie
on the table, and the presentation of the credentials
be postponed. Without making any distinct motion,
he suggested that the whole matter be postponed for
the present, as the Senate was thin, and would con-
tinue so for several days.
Mr. ALLEN expressed the hope that the ques-
tion of reference would be decided then. It was not
proposed to decide the issue made on the matter.
The question then before the Senate was as ,to the
best mode of obtaining testimony touching the capa-
city of the senator elect. The senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr Crittenden] properly observed that
this was a delicate matter; and in consequence of its
being a matter of a delicate character, it seemed to
him (Mr. Allen) that it ought not to be made a sub-
ject-matter of debate and question there, instead of
before a committee. As to the form of the resolu-
tion, so far as the individual was concerned, he was
willing that it should take any form, and allow of
any latitude, which would do justice to him. There-
fore, he hoped there would be no delay on account
of form. If the senator from Kentucky would put
such words in the resolution as would satify himself,
there would be no objection to the form by the party
was most interested.
Mr. CRITTENDEN remarked that the Senate
would perceive at once that this question was one of
more importance to the Senate than to the individual.
The importance of such a question was, that it in-
volved the right and interests of that body then, and
it might be, as a precedent, to a greater extent there-
after; and it should be disposed of solemnly and de-
liberately. His own distinct and clear judgment
was, that the resolution offered by the senator from
Tennessee did not embrace the matter which he
proposed should be the subject of inquiry. The
term "qualification," as stated in the constitution, had
a distinct sense, and excluded the question proposed
to be raised altogether. The present form of the
resolution did not meet the object, and was unne-
cessary. Any committee raised under it would
transcend their duty, if they attempted to investigate
the question of fact as to mental alienation. He
proposed, therefore, so to amend the resolution as
to insert the words "mental competency."
Mr. ALLEN remarked that the Senator elect
expressly desired the words stricken out of the res-
olution to be restored; and that the inquiry have the
fullest scope.
Mr. JARNAGIN suggested other modifications;
but it was determined, by general acquiescence,
that the original form of the resolution was the
best.
Mr. TAPPAN doubted the constitutional power
of the Senate to make such an inquiry. He knew
no authority that they had to enter into an investi-
gation of a question of competency. They could
not foresee to what on extent it might be carried if
they once admitted the right of that body to inquire
into and decide on the competency of senators. It
struck him that the constitution did not give them
any such right. If it was once exercised, it might
lead to dangerous practices, such as would strike at
the very existence of the body. He would therefore
vote againstthe resolution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN wished very much that
this subject would be postponed till there should be
a full Senate. The remarks made by the honora-
ble senator who had just taken his seat [Mr. Taf-
fan] were very well worthy of consideration. It
was a question not without its difficulties on all
sides; and one which was deserving of the most
careful consideration,'and the careful consideration
of-a full Senate. A constitutional question, was
here presented—one of the greatest consequence,
affecting the organization-' of this body. "What
might be its different shades, he did not know. He
would, for the purpose of bringing it more distinct-
ly before the Senate, move that the application,
with the credentials and the resolution, be post-
poned till Monday.
Mr. ALLEN hoped this course would not be
pursued. If any constitutional question should be
raised, it could be decided by the committee. While
the Senate sat, the State from which the gentleman
came was entitled to a full representation upon this
floor. All the evils which might result from a per-
manent exclusion of any member of the Senate
from his seat, might equally result from his tempo-
rary exclusion from it. The evils suggested by his
colleague, which might result from the political as-
cendency of one party of men in this body, in the
one case, might equally result in all cases of major-
ity. He was sure there was not a man in this body
who was not actuated by the best motives in this
matter. He repeated, that the same evils resulting
from the total exclusion of a member from this
body, naturally followed his temporary exclusion.
The individual presenting his certificate here, and
claiming membership with other senators, had, upon
the face of it, a right to his membership. The Sen-
ate had a right to inquire into his eligibility; but be-
fore exercising that privilege, where was its right to
exclude him? He said, therefore, that he hoped
this matter would go to a committee. The commit-
tee would investigate it, and afford an opportunity
to the Senate of judging the question. But he'saw
no reason for delaying the case. The resolution had
been put in the shape which he believed would
reach the very object which the Senate ought to in-
quire into; and that being the case, he could see no
reason for delay.
Mr. BUCHANAN said this was a question of ex-
treme delicacy; and he could desire that the Senate
should act with perfect unanimity with regard to it.
Surely, it was not a question which, in its nature,
was calculated to create any feeling whatever. All
present, he had no doubt, were actuated by the same
motives; all desired to do justice; and yet, if it were a
question which ought to be delayed or postponed, he
would undoubtedly acquiesce in that course. In this
instance, however, the honorable gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Niles] would be placed in a very
awkward position before the world, by having the
subject hung up till Monday next. If there was
any reason for the delay, he should agree to it at
once. The constitutional question, if there was any
involved, could as well be considered by the com-
mittee as any other question. It might be that no
constitutional question would arise. He had entered
into an understanding himself with some of the sen-
ators who were absent, that nothing of importance
should be taken up during their absence; and he
would ask that this should not be taken up, if he
could see that it was calculated to injure any person
in the slightest degree. Why, then, could not a
committee be appointed by the President of the Sen-
ate? Why could they not proceed to the discharge
of their duty? and if any question should arise like-
ly to involve the Senate, he pledged himself to go no
further until the Senate was entirely full. He
thought this would be the proper course. If he could
perceive that it would do injury to anybody, he
should be in favor of postponing the matter; but he
could not perceive that such was likely to be the re-
sult: and he thought that, as all parties had agreed
as to the form of the resolution, it had better be con-
sidered, and voted upon at once.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said it was suggested by an
honorable gentleman near him, that the Senate
could not adopt a resolution to appoint a committee
for the purpose of carrying out an object which they
had not the constitutional power to act upon. As
to the time, a committee was to be raised, and some
of the gentlemen who would probably form it were
absent. There were others absent who had a deep
anxiety upon this question. He understood that the
gentleman most deeply interested was laboring un-
der great physical debility, and therefore it could be
a matter of no great consequence to him to have it
delayed for a few days. Under all these circum-
stances, he could not see why there should be any
objection to the postponement.
SVIr. WRIGHT wished to say a single word in
relation to the motion of the senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Crittenden.] It appeared to him that sena-
tors would all perceive, that if the Senate desired to
make an inquiry of this sort, it must necessarily be
by a cotnmittee. Hedid not .suppose the gentle-
man from Kentucky, or any" other.senatOr,would
think of deciding that a member was incompetent Jo
be admitted to Bis seat, Without making that inqui-
ry; and he said for himself, as had been said by the
senator from Pennsylvania,,[Mr. Buehanan,] that,
in expressing a strong hope that the Senate would
permit the resolution to pass, and a committee to bp
appointed, it was with no view that the report of the
committee should be acted upon until the Senate
should be full. Arrangements with the senators
absent had been- spoken of, which he knew nothing
about, and to which he was no party; hut it ap-
peared to him, in contemplating the whole matter,
that after delaying it till Monday, the first move-
ment would be to institute this committee; and the
delay -would consequently be a loss of so much
time, and also be the means of placing the individ-
ual, now in a sufficiently painful situation, in a
much more painful one. There could be no objec-
tion to appointing gentlemen who were absent, upon
the committee. He hoped the Senate would adopt
die resolution.
The question was th§n taken on the resolution,
and it was adopted.
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, the Chair was
authorized to appoint the committee; and he ap-
pointed Messrs. Jarnagin, Benton, Berrien,
Wrigiit, and McDuffie tQ constitute it.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 3d instant, a statement of disburse-
ments by William H. Thomas, as Cherokee agent;
which, _
On motion by Mr. JARNAGIN, was, with oth-
er communications from that department on the
same subject, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from sun-
dry citizens ofOntario county, New York, remon-
strating against the annexation of Texas to the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr._W. presented a letter, in the nature of a pe
tition and certain papers and drawings from Chas.
Clinton, of Orange county, New York, in relation to
certain improvements made in shot shells: re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the proceedings of a town meeting held in
the city of New York, at which Mr. Albert Galla-
tin presided, on the subject of the annexation of
Texas to the tlnited States, and in opposition to
such annexation: referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. WHITE presented resolutions of an asso-
ciation called the North Bend Clay Club, in Indi-
ana, in favor of the protection of American indus-
try, and against the repeal or modification of the tar-
iff law of 1842: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. FULTON presented a petition from James
Chappell and others, citizens of Arkansas, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from the town
of Batesville, Independence county, Arkansas, to
Lebanon: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a-memorial, signed
by sundry citizens of Delaware, remonstrating
against the annexation of Texas to the United
States: referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. MILLER presented three memorials from the
counties of Passaic and Orange, New Jersey, against
any alteration of the present tariff: referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented a petition from John
Cocke of Tennessee, praying Congress to pass a
law to authorize the accounting officers of the treas-
ury to admit certain vouchers for disbursements,
in the settlement of his accounts: referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pars, the bill to
extend the national road to the city of Alton, on the
Mississippi river.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, it was ordered, that
leave be granted to withdraw from the files the me-
morial of certain citizens of Illinois, praying the re-
moval of the land office from Dixon to Gfalena.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a re-
commendation that it be. rejected, House bill for the
relief of Allen Alborne,
