June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■>m9
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Hoaston.
H. of Reps.
to attempt a defence or justification of that memora-
ble Congress. Yes, sir, memorable Congress. My
respected friend from Maryland, [Mr. Kenkedy] of
" Swallo-a-barn notoriety," has written a novel; yes,
sir, a novel it is—a gemtine romance—called and
entitled, " A Defence of the nth Congress." He
has written several clever novels, but this last beats
all his previous productions, in one very important
point, I mean the extent of its "fictions." My hon-
orable friend, although, at times, " looking a little
drowsy," has a very fine imagination; and when in
a close place, I assure you he can make it very use-
ful. In his last book he has drawn upon his imagi-
nation plentifully ; and his drafts have never been
dishonored or protested, for want of a deposite on
hand.
What was the object of the extra session?—the ses-
sion, and the only one, I believe, for which the glory
and honor are claimed. Will any gentleman inform
me 1 General Harrison said it was to consider of
weighty and important matters connected with the
finances of the country. Now, sir, keep in view the
object, as stated by the whigs, all over the country,
that it was to provide revenue for the government,
which they charged was in a crippled and bankrupt
condition, and let us see if they proposed or adopted
a proper remedy. Examine the character of the le-
gislation of that session ; the object and tendency of
its measures, and then answer me candidly, whether
the remedy was suited to the disease. First, then,
to replenish an empty national treasury, the whigs
proposed and adopted 'the Distribution Bill; which,
as all admit, abstracted from the treasury (which they
had professedly met to fill) millions of dollars, the
proper and legitimate money of the government.
They charged that the money of the government
was exhausted; that there was not enough in the
treasury to meet the demands against it—and to
remedy the evil, their first act on that subject was
to give away, to scatter to the '"four winds," millions
from that same exhausted treasury !—A beautiful, a
striking commentary upon whig professions and
whig principles. But, sir, let us go a little further
into the history and progress of this measure. How
was it passed through the two Houses 1 Will any
one inform me '! Will any one deny that it was one
of a " series of measures," spoken of by Mr. Clay
and others, as having passed the two Houses (not
because each or either could or should have passed
upon its own merits, or, rather, -without merits) by
virtue of a compromise? Yes, sir; compromise is
the word. Jl series of measures, totally destitute
of merit, compromised and bargained each other
into legal enactments! Who, of the last Congress,
does not remember, and remember with shame, Mr.
Chairman, ihc.fiinch.ing and dodging of -whig mem-
bers, when that infamous coalition was about being
consummated"! If you will but examine the jour-
nals of the last Congress, for the votes of this House,
you will hide your face in very shame at the specta-
cle there exhibited by an American Congress; not by
our democratic friends ; no, sir, but by whig gentle-
men, who now profess so much honesty. In passing
over those votes, I want you to note who voted on
the motion in the evening to lay the bankrupt bill on
the table; who voted on the next morning to recon-
sider that vote ; who changed, and voted to reconsi-
der ; and, sir, who was absent; and then, with the
same view, noti? the vote by which the bill passed
this House. It is enough to sicken the heart of a
patriot, to see men who dare not, in a manly manner,
vote for a measure, purposely absenting themselves,
in order that it may pass.
But, Mr. Chairman, I ask permission to read you
some whig authority on this particular point:
Mr. Proffit said:
" You wished to pass the distribution bill, and m older to do
so you found it necessaiy to enter into bargains and sea el
understandings with the advocates of the bankrupt bill. And
even then you could not secure its parage in the other branch
of Congress, without adding your evasive and deceptive com-
promisS clause, that if the tiuues on imports exceeded 20 per
cent,the distribution should cease to operate.—2d sess. /,7th
Cong., App. 257.
Mr. O. H. Smith, a whig senator from Indiana,
said it would be unfair to repeal one of the series
without the rest. Sir, he went further; and said it
would not be honest to do so. He admitted the se-
ries could not have parsed separately—that they had
been " log-rolled" through Congress. But, sir, hear
his own words:
" But would it be fair—would it be honest—to repeal the dis-
tribution act of the last ses-ion 1 Wag not that one of a series
of me.asui es adopted by a j->mt effort of compromise and con-
cession ? Was it not a compromise in itself? And if one part
should be repealed, why notall I Some vo ed for the whole,
that would not have voted for many of the parts, had they bo en
acted on sepaiaieiy. lam appneed that the opponents of the
measurechaiacterized the means by which it was passed '"log-
rollivg " Admit the fact; and how was ihe Constitution of
thf> Hn ted Sidles adopted 'i"~2d session, 27ih Congress, App.
Mr. Tuves, of the Senate, the little man who is set
apart to do the " dirty work " for the Whig party,
and who, I have no doubt, will perform well that
capacity, until he may be offered higher pay by some
other party; even he, who has not been for years
charged with having political honesty, or fixed prin-
ciples, aside from, and without office, seems to con-
demn the action of the whigs in their efforts to re-
peal the 20 per cent, proviso of the distribution law.
He says it could not have passed without that pro-
viso—that the party adopted the proviso to secure
its passage; and then, sir, as soon almost as it was
fairly a law, they (those honest ^fair-dealing to lugs)
attempted to repeal the proviso, and thereby practise
a fraud upon the country, as well as the very con-
sistent Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Rives.] But
hear him:
"Thu proviso (twenty per cent, proviso) it is well known
here, Mr. President, was a most essentia] and vital part of the
law, and was, m truth, the s >!e condition of its passage through
this body. Iam free to say, in legaid to myself, that it was
the sine qua non of my vote for it, and I so declaied at the
time "—2d session, 27th Congress^ Appendix, 217.
I have another extract, Air. Chairman, which is still
more singular. It is from a speech of Mr. Preston,
of South Carolina, delivered in the Senate in March,
1842, a few months only after the passage of the
distribution law. He says, if the distribution bill
were then before Congress for the first time, it could
not get ten votes in either House of Congress ; of
course, then, it must be admitted by the whigs them-
selves, that it is a bad law. If it could not get ten
votes in either House, all will admit that it had be-
come exceedingly odious. His speech was made in
the presence and hearing of his whig friends in the
Senate, published to the world, and none of them
have, to this, day thought proper to gainsay or ex-
plain his remarks. Then, sir, we have a right to
charge it, as the settled sentiment of the whig party,
that, in a few months, the distribution law became
so odious it could not have obtained ten votes in
either House of Congress. Yet, sir, gentlemen are
attempting to glorify the Congress that did this >lbad
thing-." But let me read you his own words :
Mr. Preston said—
' But while he depiecated the effect of the Senator from
Missouri's amendment upon tus lesolution, he felt free to bay
that, if the distribution hit! hademne up now fm the first time,
there would not be Jmind ten men in either JIou*e of Congiess
who. in ilie present financial condition of the countiy, would
vote (o ^ivc away the revenue ftom (he public land', even
ih .ugh Ttamounipd to only one hnmhed thousai.d do'iars
2d session, 2hh Corgress, App. '215.
Then, sir, this question arises: If it were so bad
a law, why was it not instantly repealed 1 It was
their duty to repeal it; and but for the party drill,
and the "whipping in" by a few of the leaders, it
could have been repealed,!? Mr. Prestos was cor-
rect in his remarks. Again : if it were a bad law
in March, 1842, was it not equally so in September,
] 84i ]—only a few months difference. At both pe-
riods the government was in debt, and on the bor-
row ; at both periods the government stood in abso-
lute need of the land money, and the "public -will
be curious to know" why it was so very obnoxious
at one time, and not at the other.
One more extract, Mr. Chairman, on this subject,
and I will pass on; and that is from the speech of
my honorable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Win-
THRor.] Let me read it:
"It was not to be disguised that, at first sight, certainly there
weie some difficulties about ad fifing this measure at the pre-
sent moment, even with those who, under other circumstances,
would be disposed to support it. We had been informed by
the Secretary ot the Treasury, that there was an aggregate of
debt and deficit to be provided for m this and the ensuing year
of more than Sl'2,000,000. A bill had already been reported
authorizing a public loan to that amount.
"Another bill might soon be expected to lay new duties on
imports, for the purpose of meeting this debt when it should
fall due,Land, m the mean time, ot supplying the deficiency in
the annual revenue. '1 he« bill* would
part of the legislation ot the present session They would
occupy a prominent place on the statute book of the present
Congress. And it could not be denied, that it would look -a
littiestrange to find, in immediate juxtaposition with" them,
perhaps on the very next page, a bill giammg away, by 9n
outright and absolute donation, the funds which w.ere already
on hand, or those which were certain t© come into our posses-
sion; during such a peiiod of the national necessity." t
"For one, certainly, I could never give my support to this
bill, unless I were convinced that such ohs inotion exists. I
could never vote to tax with a view to distribotion. If, indeed,
such a surplus were agun accumulated m the treasury, asi we
saw theiea few years ago, I might be willing to set iid of it in
the best way I could, from whatever source it might have been
collected; but to impose taxes wuh one hand and distribute
them with the other, would, in my judgment be utterly un-
j-is'ifiabie, as well as crossly unconstitutional "—Additionto
the Appendix, page 11, 1 si sesston, 27th Congress.
Here, then, we see, he contends that the revenue
was deficient—the treasury empty—that a loan bill
for $12,000,000 was pending—that a tax bill was
soon to'be reported (and which actually became a
law)—portrays, in proper colors, the figure which
these laws would cut, on the pages of the same sta-
tute book—speaks of distribution as an " absolute
donation"—doubts the policy of the law—says he
could never vote to tax, with a view to distribute,
and concludes the paragraph by saying, " but to
impose taxes with one hand, and distribute them
•with the other, would, in my (his) judgment, be
utterly unjustifable as well as grossly unconstitu-
tional" And yet, sir, even after his able speech—
after the use of that strong, but proper language, he
voted for the law. It is true, that he attempted to
draw a distinction between the funds accruing from
public lands, and those from other sources ; a dis-
tinction which seemed to satisfy his conscience,
though one that hardly exists in point of fact. You
may just as well attempt to distinguish between the
revenue arising from woollen and that arising from
cotton goods. I am fearful my honorable friend was
hunting^for an excuse. I have confidence in his
judgment, and regret that I am unable to reconcile
hid vote upon principle, free from party prejudices.
Some of our whig friends complain, that we are
a little too rapid in our legislation. Have they for-
gotten their own action, on the most important bills}
at the last Congress 1 The independent treasury
was repealed under the gag, in the House, with less
than one day's debate upon it. The second bank
bill, (though under another name,) was passed
through the House with less than one day's debate.
These were impoitant bills, changed the entire finan-
cial arrangements of the government, and deeply
affecting the interests of every section of the coun-
try. There was rapid legislation with a vengeance !
But, sir, the present Congress, on all important
measures, throughout the session, has given ample
time for debate.
Mr. Chairman, there was good reason for tolerating
debate on the bank question, because, in many of the
States, the party had come out against a bank; they
said General Harrison was against such an institu-
tion ; and as soon as they were fairly in power they
attempted to create one, contrary to the wishes of
the people of this Union—an institution which would
eat up their substance and destroy their liberties. I
feel authorized in saying that the whigs, through
their leading men, and at their conventions, in Vir-
ginia, Alabama, .North Carolina, feouth Carolina,
Ohio, and some other States, repudiated the issue.
For proof of this, I refer you to the resolutions of the
conventions in Virginia and Alabama ; the letters of
Mr. Newton, Mr. Badger, &c.; the course of the
many debaters in those States, amongst the rest the
" carrier boy" (Mr. W. C. Rives ;) also to the letter
of the celebrated Thomas Ewing, he whose   memory
will-live after him and their candidate for Vice Pre-
sident, (John Tyler,) with his able speeches against
a bank. Yet, sir, some of them pretend to say the
issue was decided in the election of 1840. It is a total,
a gross mistake. The people did not then decide in
favor of a national bank ; nor do I believe they ever
will. Because the whigs could not get a bank, they
refused to pass any law for the safe-keepitag, &c.., of
the public moneys; they repealed the independent
treasury, and gave the country no substitute for it \
thereby putting the public money, to a much greater
extent, under the direct control of the President.
They have come nearer uniting the purse and sword
in the hands of the Chief Magistrate, than any party
has ever before done in the history of this nation,
notwithstanding their loud and deep waitings for ths
