CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, leave was granted to
■withdraw from the files the papers of John McHat-
ten, deceased, a revolutionary soldier.
THE OREGON BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the bill to en-
courage the settlement of the Territory of Oregon,
was taken up, and made the special order of the
day for Monday next.
On motion of Mr. TAPPA-N, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill for the relief
6f Daniel Rock was taken up, as in committee of the
whole, considered, reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill for the relief
of William R. Davis, of Indiana, was taken up, as
in committee of the whole, considered, reported to
the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of George Harrison and
his securities; which was. read, and ordered to a
second reading.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The Senate then took up the general orders; and
the following bills were considered as in committee
of the whole, reported to the Senate, and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading:
A bill to authorize the school trustees, or other
lawful authorities, having charge of the subject of
common schools, in surveyed township 48 north, of
range 18 west, in the county of Cooper, and State of
Missouri, to enter'a section of land in lieu of section
1G, in satd township, for the use of schools.
A bill for the payment of the fourth regiment in
the second brigade of third division of Vermont
militia, for services at the battle of Plattsburg, on
the 11 th September, 1814.
A bill for the relief of Hiram March.
A bill for the relief of Ephraim D. Dickson.
A bill for the relief of Henry Newman.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Campau.
A bill authorizing a patent to be issued to Joseph
Campau, for a certain tract of land in the State of
Michigan.
A bill for the relief of George Duval and other
Cherokees.
The following bills were considered as in com-
mittee of the whole, amended, reported back to the
Senate, the amendments concurred in, and the ques-
tion of engrossment being on each, if no further
amendment were ordered, they were postponed till
to-morrow for further consideration:
A bill for the relief of citizens of towns upon the
lands of the United States, under certain circum-
stances.
A bill to grant to the Great Western Railway
Company a right of way through the public lands
of the United States, and for other purposes.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the Senate then ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 30, 1844.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the call on committees for reports.
Mr. W. J. BROWN desired permission to offer
a resolution,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL hoped the regular order
of business would be adhered to.
Mr. SIMONS, from the Committee on Engraving,
offered two resolutions in relation to the printing of
eertam maps; which were agreed to.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. W. J. BROWN sent the resolution which
he desired to offer, to the Clerk's table, to be read
for information; and it was read accordingly. It
proposed to fix 1 o'clock on Wednesday, the 8th of
May, for the termination of debate on the tariff
bill.
Objections were made, and the resolution was not
received.
Mr. STEENROD moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, on the tariff bill.
The SPEAKER put the question, and a division
being called for, the House was counted, and the
vote announced to be 58 in the affirmative and 53 in
the negative, which the Speaker said was less than
a quorum, and tellers were called for. On reflection,
■the Speaker stated that there was a quorum present;
'he Speaker himself, who had not been counted,
jnaking rhe proper number. Tellers, however,
were called for, and Messrs. Bbrke and Thomasson
were appointed, and they reported 64 in the affir-
mative, and 59 in the negative: the House, therefore,
resolved itself into Committee of the Wholo, and re
sumed the consideration of the tarifFt>ill.
Mr. A. SMITH was entitled to the floor, and he
spoke through his hour, but in too low a tone of
voice to be heard.
Mr. BOYD next obtained the floor, and com-
menced with some remarks on the deep interest
which his constituents felt in this tariff question.
He said they were in favor-of a revenue tariff, and
were distinctly opposed to the principle of protec-
tion. They were an agricultural people; and they
came not here for the purpose of importuning Con-
gress for favors of any kind, although the wealthy
capitalists and nabobs assembled and came here with
a front "more terrible than an army with banners,"
to demand legislation by which they obtained tariffs,
and banks, and monopolies of various kinds, to in-
crease their already overgrown and inordinate
profits. His constituents, while this was being
done, were found on their farms or in their work-
shops, by the exercise of their skill and indus-
try, providing for themselves both necessaries
and comforts; and all the protection they asked was
protection from injurious change; all they asked
was to be let alone in the pursuit of their honest avo-
cations; and the request was so just and so equita-
ble, that this Congress could not deny it to them
with justice and propriety.
But he did not rise to make a speech on the tariff.
Having been deprived of the opportunity on a pre-
vious occasion, when the House was addressed by
his colleague, [Mr. White,] in relation to a letter
which he (Mr. B.) had addressed to two representa-
tives from Virginia, [Messrs. Hopkins and Coles,]
touching the presidential election of 1824, and
Mr. Clay's course in regard to it and the bank-
rupt law in 1841, he should now avail himself of
the opportunity afforded him to make a few obser-
vations in vindication of himself; and in support of
the position he had assumed. And in approaching
that subject, he must be permitted to say to his col-
league, and to this entire nation, that he should be
the last man on this floor that could be found either
unjustly or ungenerously to attack the reputation of
any man under Heaven for political purposes; and
if his colleague, or any other human bem , wo ud
point out to him any error into which he had fallen
on that subject, he would say now that he had no
pride of opinion that would prevent him from making
prompt and ample representation. But he would
say further, that in relation to this or any other
matter of public concernment—whether affecting
public men or public measures—there was no power
under Heaven that could prevent his marching up
to it boldly, and investigating it firmly.
The letter to which he alluded, assumed, eith-
er directly or by implication, that Mr. Adams
—he (Mr. Boyd) referred to Mr. Adams as a
candidate for presidency of the United States—
was unpopular with the westerncountry, and
particularly with the people of Kentucky. That
letter also assumed that, between Mr. Adams
and Mr. Clay, during the canvass of 1824,
there were unfriendly relations, which began as far
back as the negotiation of the treaty of Ghent, and
continued down to the period when the popular vote
was cast between those two gentlemen. To these
facts he begged to call the attention of the House;
and to their proof he would address himself; and he
would appeal to the people of the western country 
to their public men, and to their public prints, to show
what they had said in relation thereto. We would
point to a certain article written by a writer who
signed himself "Wayne." He might not have time
to read even an extract from that article; but it
charged the venerable gentleman with being disposed
to barter the rights aim privileges of the people for a
mess of codfish. Whether the evidence would Ue
deemed conclusive or not, he would not undertake
to say; but he would present it, and the House
should judge for itself. That evidence would show
as he believed, that Mr. Clay had some agency in
that publication, and he adduced it as one fact which
satisfied his mind that there were unfriendly rela-
tions between Mr. Clay and Mr. Adams. He
would also point to the book on the fisheries, writ-
ten by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] himself.
Mr. WHITE desired permission to ask a ques-
tion.
Mr. BOYD hoped the gentleman would be very
brief, as his timp was limited.
Mr. WHITE desired to know who the writer
who called himself "Wayne" was understood to be.
Mr. BOYD said he had always understood it to be
Mr. Ambs Kendall.
Mr. WHITE. Certainly.
Mr. BOYD then proceeded to say that that article
was published, making certain charges; and he
should quote the opinions of the press, and of public
men of that day, to show that they were generally
believed; and such was the extensive prepossession,
and the abuse levelled against Mr. Adams in the
West during that period, and particularly in regard
to the transactions at Ghent, that that gentleman
thought it proper, and a duty to himself, to come out
with a book, (which, in the West, is called his book
on fisheries,) in which he talked about subsidized
slander, pointing directly to Mr. Clay as a party to
those slanders.
Then followed Mr. Clay's celebrated letter on
the question of veracity, in which he not only said
Mr. Adams was in error both as to facts and opin-
ions, but he promised that, at a more propitious
moment, when he could do so without being open
to an accusation of improper motives, he would ex-
pose those errors of Mr. Adams. He should re-
fer to other documents, amongst which was the re-
cent letter of Mr. Adams in defence of Mr. Clay,
in which he had expressed his willingness to ad-
journ that question, and appeal to a more august
tribunal than any on earth. He (Mr. B.) did not
pretend to quote his language, but such was the
idea conveyed; and that question, it was known,
was adjourned; at least, it liad remained unex-
plained, and it might possibly, according to the
prophetic language of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts; [Mr. Adams,] remain unexplained until
they should all be called to answer for their acts
before that august tribunal of which the gentleman
had spoken.
There was another publication in which, if he re-
membered right, the policy of the venerable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts was characterized as a
policy that would light up the flames by which the
cabins of the West would be consumed; by which
the sods of their green fields would be crimsoned
with the blood of their people; and by which he
would sacrifice their wives and children, their rights
and liberties, for a mess of fish. He was charged
directly with violating his instructions at Ghent,
by the writer "Wayne," (the venerable Amos Ken-
dall;) and he would show, on the testimony of Mr.
Tanner, now the editor of a paper called the Yeo-
man, published in Kentucky, that Mr. Clay paid
him $100 for the publication of those letters of
Amos Kendall.
Mr. WHITE remarked that Mr. Tanner was a
thorough-going democrat, and the editor of one of
the most rabid democratic papers in the State of
Kentucky.
Mr. BOYD wished it to be understood distinctly
that Mr. Tanner's testimony was taken under oath,
by the legislature of Kentucky, and he had not
heard of its being ever contradicted. But again he
would refer to a letter written by Mr. Clay, to show
that kindly feelings existed between Mr. Clay and
Mr. Kendall. He would also produce the testi-
mony of Thomas P. Moore, a member of Congress,
who asserted that he denounced Mr. Adams all
over his district, on the authority of Mr. Clay him-
self. And one of Mr. Clay's leading friends, the
late Mr. Trimble, by testimony which he would
produce, characterized the elder Adams as a fede-
ralist, and said that the younger Adams was a chip
of the old block. Such was the language used in
the West at that time.
Mr. WHITE made some remark which was not
distinctly heard.
He need not refer again to the course of all
the papers is the entire West in the interest of Mr.
Clay, teeming with matters of this kind. He wished
that he had the time to refer for a single moment to
what appeared in a Kentucky paper printed by a
friend and relation ofMr. Clay, and in his own town.
Any man who would refer to the papers of that day,
and consider the relations then existing between
Mr. Clay and Mr. Adams, and then come to the
conclusion that there was no unfriendly feelings be-
tween them, must arrive at conclusions very differ-
ent from what the evidence had brought his mind to.
But while there was good evidence of an an.
friendly feeling between Mr. Clay and Mr. Adams,
there was abundant evidence of a friendly feeling
existing between Mr. Clay and General Jackson.
There was also the most abundant evidence of the
