CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
unpopularity of Mr. Adams in the State of Ken-
tucky at that day.
With regard to the unpopularity of that gentle-
man, he did not know what better test to put that
matter to, that would be more clear than the popu-
lar vote of the State in the presidential election, and
the action "of its legislature. Of the whole electoral
vote, General Jackson received - - 99
Mr. Adams - - - - 84
Mr. Crawford - - - - 41
Mr. Clay - - - - t 37
Of the popular vote in eight westarn States, it ap-
peared that General Jackson received 46,512 votes
more than Mr. Adams; 24,201 more than Mr. Clay;
and 2,645 votes more than both together. How was
it in regard to the popular vote in all the States?
General Jackson's vote was 47,628 over Mr. Adams,
and 961 over both Mr. Clay and Mr. Adams to-
gether.
• Mr. WHITE here inquired of the gentleman
what authority he was reading from.
Mr. EOYD said he was reading from the United
States Telegraph, and the publication of the Jackson
central committee. He should quote his authorities
so clearly as to leave no man in the dark. How was it
in regard to the popular vote of Kentucky in 1824?
The vote of Mr. Clay was 17,331, and that of Gen-
eral Jackson 6,455. How many votes did Mr. Ad-
ams receive? He would point to the National Intel-
ligencer of the day, where it would be found that he
did not get a single vote. In his remarks the other
day, he might have said, speaking from memory,
that Mr. Adams might have received, perhaps, as
many as a hundred votes; but, on looking at
the Intelligencer of that period, he found that
he had not received one. If more proof were
needed of the fact that Mr. Adams was
unpopular in Kentucky, and that General
Jackson was exceedingly popular, he could point
te the vote of the legislature of that State, re-
questing its members of Congress in this House to
vote for General Jackson for President. This reso-
lution was passed by a vote of 69 ayes to 21 noes.
In another resolution of the Kentucky legislature
pointing to General Jackson as the choice of the
people of that State after Mr. Clay, jn preference to
either Mr. Adams or Mr. Crawford, the vote was
73 to 11 in the House, and in the Senate*nearly
unanimous, though he was unable to give the pre-
cise vote. The evidence was so strong that General
Jackson was the first choice of the people of Ken-
tucky after Mr. Clay, that no man had ever ques-
tioned it. Indeed, he had never heard it doubted by
any one at the time. Under these circumstances,
there was no wonder that the people throughout the
Union, and especially in Kentucky, were shocked
and astounded, on learning that the vote of Ken-
tucky had been cast for Mr. Adams; and particular-
ly so when that vote was followed by the circum-
stance of Mr. Clay's being appointed Secretary of
State. He knew that many of the people of that
State felt the deepest mortification and the deepest
indignation on that occasion. They felt that their
dearest interests had been betrayed into the hands of
a man whom they had been taught to regard as their
worst enemy.
But the proof to his mind was conclusive, that
the friends of Mr. Clay did support the election of
Mr. Adams to the presidency, and did carry it
through with a view to the promotion of Mr. Clay.
He would point to evidences on this head so strong
that it would not be easy to refute them.
Mr. WHITE begged leave to ask his colleague
whether Mr. Clay's congressional district had ever,
since that time, elected any other representative
than an anti-Jackson man?
Mr. BOYD replied that he was not aware that it
ever had. There could be no doubt, however, and
the evidence was conclusive on this point, that Mr.
Clay's congressional district preferred General Jack-
son for the presidency to Mr. Adams. To pursue
the matter farther, he now proposed to examine
how far Mr. Clay sanctioned or encouraged these
proceedings of his friends in his behalf.
They pretended that it was patriotic to do what
they had done, and excused themselves to their
constituents by alleging that it was better for Ken-
tucky and the West to have Mr. Adams President,
with Mr. Clay Secretary of State, than to have
General Jackson President, who it was ascertained
would not appoint him to that office.
Here was what his colleague [Mr. White] said,
the other day, when speaking on the subject of his
(Mr. B.'s) letter to Messrs. Coles and Hopkins.
His colleague called his particular attention to a par-
agraph in that letter. Without reading all that
passed between his colleague and himself on that
occasion, he would merely say that he had stated,
in the letter to Messrs. Coles and Hopkins, that,
pending the presidential election of 1824, there was
a rumor that the vote of Kentucky was to be given
to Mr. Adams, and that, in return, Mr. Adams was
to make Mr. Clay Secretary of State. The charge
was stated in a letter said to be written by Mr.
George Kremer, a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives; and it was denied by Mr. Clay. He
had not time to read these letters, though he had
both by him. This rumor went to Frankfort, in
Kentucky; and, in consequence, the matter was ta-
ken up by the legislature.
By a recurrence to the proceedings of the House,
it would be perceived that W. G. Robertson (speak-
er af the House) moved to lay the resolutions on
the table until a day beyond the close of the ses-
sion, and gave as his reasons—
That their adoption would be unjust to their members of
Congress who knew the will of the people better than they
did; that it would be indelicate to Mr Clay; that it would
lessen the weight of Kentucky in the next administration;
that it was better to leave their members of Congress to
act according to contingencies; that the weight and im-
portance of the State and the western country could in that
manner be best secured; that our members on the spot
would be best judges of what was best and expedient; that
the resolutions would not only degrade their respected fel-
low-citizen, but throw Kentucky in the electioneering arena
in Congress completely handcuffed.
Mr. Shepherd, a member of the House, said in
reply, that "some of the friends of Mr. Clay, he had
no doubt, wished to defeat the resolution and leave
it to that gentleman to make the best bargain he
could; but he did not wish the vote of Kentucky"
to be bartered away, or that Mr Clay should be
Secretary of State to the exclusion of Greneral Jack-
son as President. But to return to the letter to
Messrs. Coles and Hopkins. In that.letter, he (Mr.
B.) said that the rumor that the vote of Kentucky
would be given to Mr. Adams, was traced directly
to a letter or letters written early in January, by
Mr. Clay himself, (o some of his friends in Ken-
tucky, not perhaps using the very words, but ex-
pressly conveying the idea. Now for that letter;
and but for that letter, he would not have replied to
his colleague at all. Sir, (said Mr. B.) here is an
extract from a letter, which appeared in the Ken-
tucky Argus of that period; and from that paper it
was copied into all the Kentucky papers, at least in
all of them that were friendly to the election of Gen-
eral Jackson. The date is 8th January, 1823; and
it was a letter written to Mr. P. P. Blair, then a res-
icte^of Frankfort, Kentucky;
A friend of Mr. Adams comes to me, with tears in his
eyes; apd says: Sir, Mr. Adams has always had the greatest
respect for you, and the highest admiration for your talents.
There is no station to which you are not equal. You were
undoubtedly the second choice of New England; and 1
pray you to consider whether the public good and your
own future interests do not distinctly point you to the co'urse
you ought to pursue. My friends entertain the belief that
their kind wishes towards me will, in the end, be more like-
ly to be accomplished by so bestowing their votes. Your
representative is inclined to concur with us in these senti-
ments; and, as 1 know his respect for your opinion, I re-
quest, if you concur in our views, that you will write to
him by return mail, to strengthen him m his inclinations.
Show'this to Crittenden alone.
Now, Mr. B. asked, did such a letter exist' That
was the inquiry to which his colleague the other
day said:
This was too grave a charge to be made on such vague
and uncertain grounds. Until thit letter was produced,
there was not, in his judgment, any evidence before the
country that that letter had been written; and he now chal-
lenged his colleague, and he would be responsible for it,
that, if ]\Jr. Clay was called on, he would take oft* every
shackle from the correspondence. And unless hi? colleague
produced the letter, he said his allegation stood condemned
before the American people and the civilized world.
In another place his colleague said:
That he had never heard of the letter till he saw the let-
ter of his colleague. He had never seen it in his life. And
he had only to say, in relation to it, that if there was any
such letter, and his colleague would address a line to Mr.
Clay, he would throw oft' all the shackles and disclose to
him all the correspondence.
As his colleague had proposed to him to make a
call on Mr. Clay in relation to this letter, he would
now propose to him that they should both join in
that call; and for this purpose he had drawn up a
letter, addressed to Mr. Clay, which he hoped his
colleague would join him in signing. It was due
to the country, and due to Mr. Clay himself, that
this matter, considering the importance that had
been attached to it, should be settled; and he would
now say that if Mr. Clay could show that such a
letter did not, and never did, exist, he should cheer-
fully take all the pains in his power to. retrieve his
character from the slightest ftnputatioh.iri rfe^ard to
it. He would here ask the Clerk to read the .letter
he had drawn -up for his colleague tp join him ia
signing.
The letter Was then handed to the Clerk, and
read, as follows: -
Housk o'p Representatives,
. " April 28, 1844F-
Sir:. The publ c notice having been called to a letter tafiS
to have been written by you at Washington City the 8th of
January, 1825, addressed to Francis P. Blair, then a resident
of Frankfort, Kentucky, touching the then pending presi-
dential election, in Which it is charged you said to Mr.
Blair, among other things, in substance as follows: *
"A friend of Mr. Adams comes to me 'with tears in his
eyes, and says: Sir, Mr Adams has always had the great-
est respect for you, and the highest admiration for your tal-
ents. There is no station to which you are not equal: You
were undoubtedly the second choice of New England, and I
pray you to consider whether the public good and yourown
future interests do not distinctly point you to the course
which you ought to pursue.
"My friends entertain the belief that their kind wishes to-
wards me. will, in the end, be more likely to be accomplish-
ed by so bestowing their votes. Your representative is in-
clined to concur with us in these sentiments; and as 1 know
his respect for your opinions, I request, if you concur in
our views, that you will write to him by return mail to
strengthen him in his inclinations. Show this to Critten*
enden alone."
To avoid all misapprehension, therefore, and to the end
that even-handed justice may be done to all, we respectful-
ly asked to be informed whether such a letter ever existed,
and if so, that you will furnish for publication (if within
your reach) the original, or a copy of said letter; or if not
within your reach, that you will give full authority to Mr.
Blair to publish said letter, or a certified copy of it.
Respectfully, your obedient servants,
Hon. H. Clay.
Mr. WHITE had only to say to his colleague,
in reply to his proposition to unite with him in a call
on Mr. Clay, that he could not enter into any such
partnership. He could say to him, that if he would
address that letter to Mr. Clay, he had no doubt he
would receive a prompt reply, and every explana-
tion that was necessary.
Mr. BOYD said he chose to address Mr. Clay
and his friends in his place as a representative of
the people; and he could not subject himself to the
abuse he would be likely to receive, unless protected
by the shield of his colleague. He here in his
place, and in the character of a representative of the
people, addressed Mr. Clay, and he called on him
and his friends to explain all the circumstances con-
nected with this letter, and if it did not exist, to show
it. He (Mr. B.) believed in his conscience that the
letter did exist, to the purport, if not in the exact
words he had quoted. He had additional evidence
to prove that this letter existed. Mr. Clay was
called on to publish it, but refused, alleging
that it would n©t be decorous to do so, be-
cause there were some things in it that
were of a private nature; but that the letter
had been placed in the hands of a committee
of his friends; and any person who wanted to see it
might do so. Many aid see it, and in this way the
copy was taken that was published. But tfiere was
other proof to sustain the fact that such a letter was
written. There were letters written to David White,
the representative spoken of in Mr. Clay's letter to
Mr. Blair, to strengthen him in his inclination to
serve Mr. Clay, by voting for Mr. Adams. Mr.
Crittenden wrote a letter to strengthen Mr. White in
his inclinations, and so did Mr. Blair. Others of
Mr. Clay's friends wrote letters to him with the
same object in view; and these appeals proved to be
so strong that he finally voted for Mr. Adams, and
the vote of Kentucky was by this means given to
that gentleman. Mr. White afterwards came out in
an apology to the people of his district, and gave aa
his excuse for the vote he gave, the urgent letters he
had received on that subject; and said that, in giving
e, he voted for Mr. Clay, and not for Mr 
* His colleague the other day had asked why he
had not read an extract from the testimony of Jep-
tha Dudley. Of Mr. Dudley he would remark that
there was not a more highminded, honorable man
in Kentucky than he was.
Mr. WHITE remarked that he agreed with
that.
Mr. BOYD continued. He could not, therefore,
be accused of being afraid to hear what Mr. Dud-
ley said. He then read the following extract:
J. Dudley, a member of the Senate, being called on, stated,
on the floor o: the Senate, that, in January, 1S25, F. P.
Blair (the intimate and confidential correspondent and
friend of Mr. Clay, who, as was proved by another witness,
had stated three or four weeks before the presidential
election, that Mr. Clay would be Secretary of State if Mi\
Jldams was made Presidenti and \vho had refused to swearft
