568
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcfc
Wlien called on, upontie ground that the infonnati<m he
iad wa£ obtained in %e coarse ofMenaly communications
U I g 114 fZ. Ill W tUV N" ."■* ■"* ^ I ~ ^ J , «
biauired my opinion on the resolutions passed, requesting
o%t members Of Congress to vote for General Jackson as
President of the United States. Mr. B. desired that I would
write letter requesting the members, and particularly D.
White, from this district, to consult with Mr. Clay> and vote
as he might desire. To this I objected, and gave my reasons
therefor. ' .
Mr. B. appeared surprised thatl should raise any objec-
tions, particularly as 1 was opposed to the resolutions. He
said .that a number of. members of both Houses, who voted
for me resolutions, had written such letters, and that I could
tip it with more propriety. He said, if Mr. White could be in-
iuceA to vote for Mr. Mams, he would obtain the vote of Ken-
tucky, and with it, the votes oj most of the western States,
which would fled him; in which case Mr. Clay would obtain the
appointment of Secretary of State. I then inquired how that
igot had been ascertained. His answer was, that letters had
been received fro-m gentlemen of-undoubted veracity at Wash-
ington city, containing such iriforrflatum, and 1 inight rely
with confidence on that statement.
This was the testimony to which his colleague
alluded the other day, and then asked if he could
read it without a blush. Now his colleague must
look to other cheeks if he expected to find a blush
on the reading of such testimony as that.
Mr. "WHITE explained. He had not alluded to
the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BOYD. Well, that was the testimony of Jep-
tha Dudley; and with other testimony, it went to
show that a letter had been there, and that it had done
its TJiork. David White said that he had received
many letters, and that he cast his vote with the ex-
press view of making Mr. Clay Secretary of State,
believing that he should be pleasing his constituents
by doing so.
After a few other observations, he adverted to the
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
White] in relation to evidence furnished by Mr.
Benton, General Lafayette, the editor of the Rich-
mond Enquirer, &c., and he expressed surprise that
his colleague had not made some reply to the notice
which Mr. Ritchie had taken of his speech, in which
notice there was an accusation of making garbled
extracts.
Mr. WHITE asserted that he had given his ex-
tracts fairly.
Mr. BOYD then proceeded to notice the declara-
tion of his colleague, that he had not heard of this
letter until hesaw it mentioned in his (Mr. Bom's)
communication; and after recapitulating the testi-
mony adduced, he proceeded. Mr. Trimble said he
voted for Mr. Adams, because it was distinctly as-
certained that he would make Mr. Clay Secretary of
State. General Metcalfe said they "could not pos-
sibly get Mr. Clay made Secretary of State without
voting for, and electing Mr. Adams." Mr. F. John-
son said he voted for Mr. Adams to get Mr. Clay
made Secretary of State. This was the testimony;
and from it there was but one evevitable conclusion.
But. in addition, he had what a very distinguished
man [Mr. McDjtffie] thought of that transaction;
he believed the evidence of the transaction was clear
nnough to satisfy any court of justice:
I assert, (says Mr. McDuftie, of South Carolina,) and
a>n willing to stake my humble stock of refutation upon the
truth of tin assertion, that the circumstances of the exfrwirdi*
nary coalition between Jldams and Clay furnish ax strong ev-
idence of an abandonment of political principle on thr part of
Mr. Clay, and of a corrupt political bargain between him and
S\fr. Adams, ai is ordinarily requi> ed to establish the guilt of
those who are < h<irt*ed inn < out t of <juarter trssions with the
common crimes /.ivao'ti to the lau\
"His colleague, in his remarks, pointed to several
distinguished men, and he (Mr. B.) would also
point io some. He would point to a distinguished
whig member of Congress from Virginia, now on
this floor, who was said to have joined in a resolu-
tion of this sort.
Mr. WELLER inquired to whom the gentleman
alluded.
Mr. BOYD replied, Mr. Willougiiby Newton.
The resolutions were as follows:
Resol--(-d, That we regard the e\idence already befoie
the public as amply sufficient to verify the charge of a
corrupt understanding between John Q. Adams and Henry
Clay, by which they wore enabled to elevate each other to
office, contrary to the strongest indications of the wishes of
the people.
Resolved, That we regard the example thus set. of ex
posing to auction the highes offices of State, as an indelible
stam on the republican party of our countiy.and as marking
the approach of that decay of public morals, which is the
constant forerunner of the rum of republics.
He then quoted, in support of his position, like
testimony of Mr. Badger, a member of the late ad-
ministration; but, as his time was nearly exhausted,
he hurried on to the question in relation to Mr.
Clay's vote on the repeal of the bankrupt law, than
which there was never a more direct violation of
public sentiment by a representative of *the people.
The opinion of Kentucky was well known on that
subject; and Mr. Clay had professed to hold it to be
the duty of the representative to carry out the wish-
es of his constituents, no matter how a knowledge
of those wishes was obtained. Such were his opin-
ions before 1894-*-before he turned his back on de-
mocracy, that he might be, as he has ever since
been, locked in the embrace of federalism.
Here the Chairman's mallet announced the expi-
ration of Mr. Boyd's hour, and he resumed liis
seat.
Mr. C. B. SMITH next obtained the floor, and
proceeded to defend the protective system, stating
that in Indiana both parties were for leaving the
present tariff act untouched , deeming it a settlement
of the question. In adverting to the remarks of a
colleague [Mr. Owen] in relation to the poverty and
wretchedness of the English citizens, he contended
that it was occasioned, not by her protection of her
manufactures, but of her breadstuff's, and in conse-
quence of her aristocracy, her pampered hierarchy,
&c. He asserted that there was no analogy be-
tween the systems of the two countries. He
then entered into some historical illustrations of the
operation of the tariff systems and free trade, quo-
ting largely from Alison's History.
Mr. S. denied that the farmer was taxed, as al-
leged by the opponents of*the protective system, for
his implements ©f husbandry. He asked the gen-
tleman from Indiana if the people of his district did
not buy their iron cheaper now than they did before
the passage of the late tariff act. The opponents of
a protective tariff assumed that protection to manu-
factures increased the prices of the articles of gen-
eral consumption. Now, to agree to this, he must
resist the evidences of his own senses. He knew
that upon every article upon which the duties had
been increased, the price had fallen. He never had
contended that the tariff alone brought down the
prices of articles of consumption, but that diminish-
ed prices were the consequence of it. How, there-
fore, the people could be taxed on those articles, the
E rices of which had been reduced, was a mystery to
im. It was true that the prices of cotton and wool-
len goods had lately been raised; but this was a
consequence of the enhanced price of cotton and
wool, and of labor; and it was principally because
the protective principle, when carried out, would
increase the price of labor, that he went for it.
His colleague [Mr. Owen] expressed his surprise
that the advocates for a protective tariff, who main-
tained the doctrine that protection reduced prices,
should petition for a reduction of duty on railroad
iron. Now he could explain that matter satisfacto-
rily to his colleague. There was little or nq^ail-
road iron manufactured in this country, and that was
the reason (there being no competition with thd for-
eign products) that the price had not fallen; but let
a sufficient protection be given, so as to build up that
branch of manufactures, and he had no doubt but
that his friends in Pennsylvania would in time pro-
duce it cheaper, and of better quality, thgin the Eng-
lish articles. But his colleague had admitted that a
protective tariff enabled the American manufacturer
to sell his goods cheaper; and he thanked him for the
admission.
Mr. SMITH yielding the floor for explanation,
Mr. OWEN said, he had not intended either to
assent or deny that those benefited by an exclu-
sive market, could afford to sell cheaper on that
account; his argument was, that even if that be so,
it remained then to be proved that they would, in
point of fact, sell cheaper.
Mr, SMITH said, he had taken the report from
the National Intelligencer.
Mr. OWEN supposed the reporter might have
somewhat misunderstood him, though the reports
given in that paper of his remarks had been in gen-
eral very accurate and fair.
Mr. SMITH, in continuation, said that if it was
true that the imposition of duties raised the price of
an article, how happened it that the price of wheat
had not been affected by it? Suppose the duty were
to be increased 50 per cent, on foreign wheat:
would that increase the price of the article? No
man in his senses would say that it would; and yet
it was pretended that the duty on coarse cottons in-
creased the prices on them. Mr. S. continued his
argument, snowing the effects of the present tariff
on prices; and, in conclusion, took a general view
of the whole subject of protection, contending that
the system was best calculated to promote the wel-
fare and happiness ef the country.
He spoke to the end of his allotted time in a dis-
cussion oftlie general question involved in the meas-
ure before the House.
Mr. P. KING next obtained the floor, and com-
menced by observing .that no party in this govern-
ment could desire the adoption of a system of di-
rect taxation, and hence some indirect mode must
be resorced to; and a tax on imports was found the
least objectionable and the most convenient. He
then delivered an elaborate'speech in opposition to
the present tariff, which will be published hereafter.
Mr. MARSH addressed'the committee yi favor
of the protective system, of which he took a view
from its commencement down to the act of 1842.
He contended for its constitutionality and expedi-
ency, and that it was eminently calculated to pro-
mote the growth and prosperity of the country. He
argued that protection to American manufactures
was necessary to build up a home market for the
products of agriculture; for foreign nations never
would receive thefti unless compelled to' do so, and
there was no other mode of obtaining a market, but
by building up one at home. He also contended
that the operation of the present tariff was mild
and beneficent; denying that it operated as an op-
pressive tax, or that it increased prices to the con-
sumer.
Mr. BIDLACK, on Mr. Marsh's concluding,
obtained the floor, and spoke for a few moments in
favor of the protective system; when he gave way to
Mr. HUDSON, on whose motion the committee
rose, and reported progress.
Mr. BRODHEAD offered a resolution to termi-
nate debate on the tariff bill next Wednesday week
at I o'clock.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to amend, by striking
out "1 o'clock Wednesday week," and inserting-
Monday next, at 2 o'clock. Mr. D. then demanded
the previous question.
Mr. PRESTON KING moved that the House
adjourn: rejected—ayes 25, noes 71.
Mr. WHITE moved a call of the House: re-
jected—ayes 4, noes 95.
Mr. WHITE offered a resolution, as a privi-
leged motion, that the House adjourn over till Fri-
day next, for the purpose of taking up the carpets
and cleaning the hall.
No quorum votingon this motion,
Mr. R. E>. jBAVIS moved that the House ad-
journj^hieh motion was rejected.
MrrWHITE then moved a call of the House;
which motion was rejected; and then
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. McCAUSLEN: The petition of sundry citizens of
Carroll county, Ohio, praying for a donation of land for a
certain school association in said county: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. DEAN: The petition of J. W. Crawford, and 38
others, citizens of Wayne county, Ohio, praying Congress
to extend the provisions of the ordinance of 1787, regulating
the Northwest Territory, over the Territory of Oregon: re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
Also, the petition of J. B. Brown and 65 other?, of Starke
county, Ohio, prajing the reduction of postage on letters
and newspapers, and to aboli.sh the franking privilege: refer-
red to the Committee on the £'o«?t Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. A. KENNEDY: Four several remonstrances of the
citizens, of Allen; one of Steuben; two of Noble; two of .De-
Kalb; one of Huntington) two of Adams; one of Blackford;
and one of Grant, counties, in the State of Indiana, numer-
ously signed, all remonstrating against removing the land
office from the city of ,"where it is now located:
referred to the Committee of the Whole, to whom was refer-
led a bill on the same subject.
By Mr. HARPER- The petition of George Anderson atid
47 others, citizens of Washington. Guernsey county, Ohio;
of William A. Talbott and 32 others, citizens of Bea\er
township, in said county; of John T. Heibert and 13 others,
citizens of Knox townsfiip, m said county, praj mg that the
present tariff law mav not lie disturbed.
By Mr RELFE: The petition of ('. T. Woods and 30
others, inhabitants of Crawford county, Missouri, asking
the establishment of a post loute from Port William to Little
Prairie, Crawford county.
Bj Mr. E. J. MORRIS. A petition from citizens of Ship,
pensbnrg, Pennsylvania, against any modification of the tar-
iff of 1842; and two memorials from citizens of Clark's f'errv,
Pennsylvania, against a repeal of the ta riff as prejudicial in
the highest degree to the prosperity of all branches of Amer-
ican industry. Alsu, a memorial from H. Mandesfield and
others, citizens of Philadelphia, asking the establishment of
a dry-dock at that port.
By Mr. WRIGHT of New Jersey: The memorial of Win.
Pennington and -573 others, citizens of Newark, New Jersey,
remonstrating against any alteration of the existing taiifV
law. Also, tne memorial of George D. Cabot and 79 others,
citizens of Springfield, Essex county, New Jersey, protest-
ing against any change of the present tariff.
By Mr. St. JOHN: The petition of Thomas Morrison and
66 citizens of Hancock county, Ohio, asking the establish-
ment of a mail-route from Findlay, in Hancock county, to
Roundhead, in Hardin county, Ohio. The petition of Jacob
