March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
require, before I have done, some effort to reconcile them.
In the mean time, will he allow rne in turn to ask him
whether he and his friends have not fallen, in the warmth -
doubtless of discussion, into some pretty remarkable incon-
sistencies themselves * Sir, 1 have been exceedingly struck,
While listening'to gentlemen, and particularly so, perhaps,
while listening to the senator from Pennsylvania,-with the
fact, that while the ends and objects at which they aim are
all sjo pacific, their speeches are strewn and sown- thjck,
bioadcast. with so much ol the food and nourishment'of war.
Their ends and objects are peace; a treaty of peace-, but
their means and their topics wear a certain incongruous
grimness of aspect. The "bloom is on the rye;" but as you
go near, > ou see bayonet points-spaikljng beneath; and are
tired upon by a thousand men in ambush!" The end they
aim at is peace; but the means of attaining it are an offen-
sive and absurd threat. Their ends and their objects are
peace; yet how full have they shifted the speeches we have
been heanng with every single topic the best calculat-
ed to blow up the passions of kindred races to the fever heat
of battle! ' ' "
The lionoiahle senator from Pennsylvania is for peace,
but England is proud, powerful, and greedy. England sends
Lord Ashburton here with a red line in his pocket and a
white lie in his mouth. England is pressing on with giant
tread to the occupation of Oregon, m which she. has no
color of title. The Englishpress, high and low, is vilifying,
and night, not our faults or vices, but all that we love,
and all that we honor. Nay, further—by a most unhappy
and remarkable mere lapse of tongue it must have happen-
ed; for the honorable senator never forgets to say that he is
for peace—he tells us that while our cities love England, as
I understand him, a little too much, "not wisely, but too
•well"—a remark, by the way, calculated, not intended, to
destroy altogether the influence ol the commercial commu-
nity on a-question of peace or war—so well as to have toast-
ed the Queen, and insulted the President, the great unso-
phisticated and honest masses already hate England with a
piecious and ancient enmity.
I declare, sir, that while listening to senators whose sin-
cerity and patriotism I cannot doubt, and to this conflict of
topics anclobjects with which they half bewilder me, 1 was
forcibly reminded of that consummate ojaUon in the streets
of Rome, by one who "came to bury Caesar, not to praise
him." He did not wish to stir up anybody to mutiny and
rage O, no ! He would not have a linger lilted against the
murderers of his and the people's friend—not he! He feaied
he wronged them; yet who has not admired the exquisite
address and the irresistible eliect with which he returns
again and again to "sweet Caesar's wounds, poor, poor
dumb mouths," and puts a tongue in each—to the familiar
mantle, first worn on the evening of the day his great friend
overcame the Nervii, now pierced by the cursed steel of
Cassrus, of the envious Casca, of the well-beloved Brutus—
to his legacy of drachmas, arbors, and orchards, to the peo-
ple of Rome, whose friend, whose benefactor, he shows to
them, all marred by traitors, till the mob break away from
his words of more than fire, with—
"We will be revenged—revenge; about!
Seek—burn—tire—kill—slay '—let not a traitor In e."
Antony was insincere. Senators are wholly sincere.
Vet the contrast between their pacific professions and that
revelry of belligerent topics and sentiments which rings
and flashes in their speeches here, half suggests a doubt to
me, sometimes, whether they or I perfectly know what
they mean or what they desire They promise to show you
a garden, and you look up to see nothing but a wall, "with
dreadful faces thronged, and fiery arms!" They propose to
teach you how peace is to be preserved; and they do it so
exquisitely, that you go away half inclined, to issue letters
of marque and reprisal to-morrow morning
The argument runs somewhat thus. I do not pretend to
use the exact words of any one:
"We are for peace, but iieih and blood can't stand every-
thing. We are wholly for peace; but our emotions almost
choke us to death when we think of their sending Lord
Ashburton here with his suppressio ven and alhgaiiojalsi,
We are for peace, by all manner of means; yet see England
laying her mortmain and dishonest grasp on the Oregon, as
she had before on the highland passes of Maine, enfolding
both to her rapacious bieast. and beai' it who can! We
want peace; but hear that ribald and all-libelling press, that
spares neither age, nor sex, nor the-secrets _ ol the grave!
we want peace—not that we love England quite so much as
the cities, whose treasures indeed, and whose interests, we
hope not all their affections, are more abroad than at home,
we would have the executive dispositions, if we could, as
sweet and peace-making as our own—but impartiality
obliges us to remind him where, when, and how, his health
was not drunk, and the Queen's was! w e public men, are all
ior peace, but how long w e shall be able to rem in the great
body of the people, Jstung and maddened b> the memory of
so many w rongs, Heaven only knows "
So runs the argument. The proposition is peace; but the
audience rises and goes off with a sort oi bewildered andun-
pleasing sensation, that if there were a thousand men in all
America as well disposed as the orator, peace might be pre-
served; but that, as the case stands, it is just about hope
less! I ascribe it altogether to their anxious and tender
concern for ppace, that senators have not a word to say
about the good she does, but only about the dangers she is
in. They have the love ol compassion; not the love of de-
vire. Not a word about the countless blessings bhe scatters
Irom her golden urn; but only "the pity ol it, lago! the
nity of it!" to think how soon the dissonant clangor of a
thousand bra/.en throats may chase that bloom lrom her
cheek,
"And death's pale lldg be quick ad\ anced theie
Sir, no one here cart say one thing and ^ mean another; yet
much may be meant and nothing directly said.
"The dial spoke not, but pointed full upon the stroke of
murder."
Let me advert now, sir, to the manner m which another
topu on which 1 said something before, has beendoait with
by the honorable senator. I suggested, that it jou decide
to "ivu this notice, the Committee on Foreign "Relations
ou'ht at once to be directed to inquire whether any and
what measures aie necessary now to be adopted in view ot
the expected annulment of the convention. And my reason
was, that if,, unhappily, we should not have a treaty within
the year, at the ena ol the year our claims and those of the
British government must come into diiect and forcible col-
lision on the .contested territory. The grounds of that
apprehension I had the honor quite in detail to lay befoie
you.
Well, what has been the answer to this? Why, O! never
fear; we shall certainly have a treaty. Beyond that single
and satislactory ejaculation no one goes an inch.
Now, Mr. President, this is very well." But as no gentle-
man knows-that we shall have a treaty, I press my original
question: what is to come to pass, where are we to be, what
are. w e to do at the end of a year, with the convention an-
nulled and no treaty concluded? What is the theory of
senators upon such an hypothesis? Surely, it is no answer at
ail to say we shall have a treaty. We know nothing at all
about it;, we do not know, we cannot guess, whether we
shall or shall not Since, then, you would have us as
sume the responsibility of our deserting our settled and ap
proved policy in this behalf, since you propose that at the
end of a year the convention which has kept the peace of
the countries and slowly developed the probable" destinies
of Oregon for twenty-six years', shall cease to exist, are you
not bound to survey tlie matter ou all sides, and therefore to
answer .this question—where is Oregon, and where are the
countr ies, when that state of things arrives and brings, as-it
may bring, no treaty?
Sir, it did, and do«s seera to me, that the annulment of the
convention, unaccompanied by treaty, places the govern-
ments^ in collision. Your notice is a declaration that in a
year, if the country is not yielded, you will take it. Great
Brftain has recorded her declaration that, although she does
not propose to colonize, and although, as I gather, she
would not concern herself in it if the Hudson Bay company,
the hunter, and the game, should slowly retire to the more
congenial deserts of the north and northeast, yet that if you
forcibly attempt to dispossess them now, she will oppose
force to force. If you execute your threat, and she executes
hers, you certainly are m collision. If j ou do not, you will
have to retire not very magnificently from a position up to
which you will have very loftily strutted. Besides, if the
convention is abiogated, collisions among the settlers—each
body of them feeling that they represent, and are backed
by their own government—will become inevitable; each
government will defend its own; and there is a war in the
Oregon, whether you designed it oi not.
I thought, therefore, and now do, that in this view of pos-
sible consequences, it is not too soon, if the notice is given,
to begin to inquire whether Oregon is to be defended in
Oregon, or under the walls of Quebec, or on the sea; and if
in the Oregon, how it is to be done; by what floating and
what stationary force; at what cost; and on what ways and
means. Is there <t doubt that England would begin to pre-
pare on the day of the notice7 With her habits, with her
means, under the apprehensions which the notice would ex-
cite, would she not begin to accumulate and concentrate a
preparation which would enable her to stoop, beak and tal-
ons, upon the contested territory, on the day that the 3 ear
should expire? Will you sit still, and see and hear her pre-
paring? To give tins notice, then, and go home without
more, were to light a train to the magazine, and then lie
down to sleep upon the deck, which in half a minute will be
shattered to atoms.
Yet senators are so sure of having a treaty—they are so
sure that this proud and grasping power, this power which
"pushes her rights with energy, while we sleep on ours,"
this power which will not treat at all without a menace,
will treat under menace, that she will sweetly jieldthe
whole matter in dispute in a year; that red lines; courtly
diplomatic tricks; the avarice of territory; the dreams of
Gibraltars and Maltas on the northwest coast; the pride of
protecting all her subjects from what solitary spot of land
or sea soever their cries assail the throne, will all give way.
So sure are they of all this, that they will not have a com-
mittee so much as inquire what is to be done, if none of
these fine things happen to come to pass'
Sir, my friends and myself are willing to go before the
country upon tins matter We oppose the notice; but if
you give it, then, we saj , prepare, w ith a rational forecast,
lor the consequence*. Senators on the other side advise the
notice, and resist even inquiry into the expediency of any
preparation at oil.
I come at last, sir, to that part of my previous observa-
tions 011 which the senator from Pennsylvania has chiefly
diffused himself.
I said, for the purpose of persuading you not to give this
notice now, (for that all along 1* the whole subject of delib-
eration—shall it be ghen now'?)—that o\er and abo\e the
possible inauspicious influence of the notice upon the nego-
tiation, the convention was- actually working very well for
you m the Oregon itself 1 said therefore, that so far from
precipitating an attempt to abrogate it to-day, it was per-
haps not certain that jou would ever do so, treaty or no
treaty. It would be very proper, at least, I suggested, that
a committee should inquire what is the actual operation of
the convention; and whether time the convention subsist-
ing, did now, and would hereafter, "fight for you or light
for EnglandI said that, in my view of the facts, the ac-
tual tendencies of events were giving you the agricultural
portions of Oregon, and that there was nothing now in ope-
ration m England or Oregon which was at all counteracting
those tendencies. Such was the actual operation of tire
convention And then 1 said, that although all this might
changeyalthough England or the Hudson Bay compajiy
might put-into actiwtj some new agencies of counteraction
to keep our agricultural settlers out. } et T did suggest, that
if things could be left as now the)' are. to succeed one an-
other in their natural course, if time and chance,"as now,
could be continued in the control of events- if collision, is
not precipitated, and blood is not shed, il exasperated and
mad national will, stimulated to undesigned and unreasona-
ble action i< not substituted for die natural sequence of
tilings, if the whole could remain, as now it is, intrusted to
the silent operation ot thu\e great laws of business and man,
which govern in the moral world as gia\ lbition among tie
stars; upon this hypothesis. I suggested that your people
would spread themselves upon the whole agricultural capa-
cities of Oregon, and the- Hudson Bay company, the hun-
ter, and the game, would retire to a fitter region'for that
wild pursuit. That-this would be so.I could not assert5 <>£
course. Over and over again, I 6,aid the' British policy
. might take some' new direction. We,may brag her into, a
change ol it. The foolishness of debate may change it,' . In
pomt of fact, however, now for th"es present the convention
works well Continue it therefore. But keep a.const&nfc
and keen lookout upon the Oregon; and ih.the nsejaij time,
you are filling it'with its appropriate and its natural de-,
renders. 1 :s:
Such, exactly; sir, was the poetical ancl self-deceiving
policy tyiuch so much amuses the honorable senator,front"
Pennsylvania. Has he adequately metthe view I took? §ir,
I think not.' ' " . • * „
Consider, sir, first, what is the exact question. It is'this.
Is ihe actual working of the convention such, as to affoftl a
reason for abrogating it sufficiently clear and weighty,to fn*
duce you to disregard and take the hazard'of those probable
inauspicious influences which the proposed notice would
exert upon the pending negotiation? -The effect of ttye not
tice upon negotiation, I hope I have shown, would be l>qth
The.argument of the senator from Pennsylvania, that no-
tice. would help negotiation, I hope I.have shown, is not
sound nor specious.- Still the question arises, Does the ac 
tual working of the convention afford a,reason,^ irrespective
of the effect of notice upon negotiation, for abrogating-, pr a
reason for continuing it? Does it afford so strong a reason for
abrogating it, that-you should feel obliged to abrogate it at
the expense of a-treaty? I have said, and repeat, that pn the
contrary, the convention operates so favorably, -that, with-
out the least regard to the unpropitious effect of notice-upon
negotiation, you should not to-day disturb it. Whether you
ever shall, and when you shall, events will reveal to you 
What, then, is the actual working of the convention?
Are there tendencies and causes now actually in operation,
which would fill Oregon with your people, if not counter-
acted; and are there counteracting agencies and instrumen-
talities actually in operation which overcome those.tenden-
cies and causes, and thus keep your people out? And tbis 
sir, is a pure question ot fact. It is a question of mereevi-
dence. It is a question of the past and the present of Oregon.
Examine it, then, as such, and by itself. Do not let it be con-
founded with the very different, and not very useful question,
What is to be the future of Oregon?.. Let notthe honorable
senator jump aside or jump forward from the fact, and ex-
claim England will do this; the Hudson's Bay company
will do, that! ' , -
Our business is not to guess about the future; but to dis-
cern the duties of the present, and to fulfil them. Yqu urge
the abrogation of the convention to-day. Seer then, how
it works to-day. If it work well, you are refuted. And if
. then you guess it will work badly next year, I say then we
can abrogate it_next year.
. The first suggestion, sir, which I made touching the ex-
isting state of things, was that causes and tendencies now?
actually in operation are filling the agricultural parts, of
Oregon with your people; causes and tendencies wmcbynot
counteracted, will find those parts with agricultural settlers
from among yourselves. There is already kindled and 4i£
fused something like a passion fo* agricultural emigration
to that country. Springing up and spreading, one/knows
not how; not prompted, as elsewhere, by-hunger, by pauper-
ism, by the want of work or wages; springing rather, per-
haps, from a craving of personal independence, and an hon-
est old Anglo Saxon appetite -for land; stimulated by our
large liberty, and by the feeling that we have vast tracts of
new world to divide and possess, wherein each may get
his share: the passion exists, is diffused, is growing, and, in
the absence of insuperable counteracting agencies,jwiU
cover the whole agricultural opportunities of Oregon, as the
waters cover the sea. Such, I said,.was"the view taken-by
the friends of the resolution. A vivid paragraph from a
speech delivered elsewhere will illustrate, this:
"Oregon is out land of promise. Oregon is our land of
destination. 'The finger ot Nature'—such were once the
words of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adam*,!
in regard to tFiis country—'points that out.' Two thousand
American citizens are already indwellers of her valleys.
Five thousand more—ay, it may be-twice that number—
will have crossed the mountain passes, before another year
rolls round. While you are legislating, they are emigra-
ting; and whether you legislate for them or not, they will
emigrate still." Speech of Mr, Owen, of Indiana, delivered
in tne House ofRepresentatives of the United States, Janu-
ary 23d and 24tli, 1844. - ,
To the same effect was the less fervent language of the
senator from Illinois himself, in his speech upon introducing
this resolution:
"The people of the West have not contented themselves
with expressing opinions—they have acted. For many years
our citizens have gone into the country west of the Rocky
mountains, fo? the purpose of hunting, trapping and tracing
with the Indians. They have also more recently "gone for
the purpose of making permanent settlements. During the
last year, more than a thousand brave and hardy pioneers
set out from Independence, in Missouri, and, overcoming all
obstacles, have arrived safely in Oregon. Thus the first at-
tempt to cross the extensive prairies and high mountains
which intervene between the settlements in the States and
the Pacific ocean has been completely successful. The prai-
rie wilderness and the snowy mo'untains, which have Here-
tofore been deemed impassable, which,were to constitute,
in the opinion of some, an impenetrable barrier to the fur-
ther progress of emigrations the West, are already over-
come. The same bold and daring spirits, whose intrepidity
has heretofore overcome the western wilderness m the midst
of dangers, can never be checked in their march to the
shores&of t)ie Pacific. During the next summei I believe
thousands will follow. Extensive preparations are now
making for a general move towards" that country. The com-
plete success of those who have first gone will encourage
others; and. as the road is now marked out, I dp not think I
am at all extravagant when I suppose that ten thousand em-
igrants will go to Oregon next summer."
Indeed, I added, the one great fact which, first, last, every
where and always, strikes \ ou on a review of our history,
is the noiseless, jnnnmerous movement of our nation wfest
ward. ,
' Setting oft two centuries ago from Jamestown and Ply-
mouth, we3hd\e spread to the Alleghanies; we have topped
