CONGRESSIONAL (3LOBE.
f '
it?i -
~§?i
Inerits are swayed to a degree in proportion to the
prejudice we entertain. Let us, then, (he added,)
come to this discussion not as northern men, not as
southern men, not as western men, but let us throw
off the garments we wear at home, and here unite to-
gether in the investigation of truth. Let us find out,
if we can, what is truth for the northern States,
what is truth for the middle and southern States,
and what is truth for the western States; and then
let the great and important interests of these different
sections of the country, with extended hands, march
to the centre, and there make a compromise which
will be advantageous to all—each giving, each re-
ceiving, each sacrificing, and being sacrificed, in
such a manner that the amount given, and the
amount received, shall be equal.
It appeared to be a law of nature that all a man
hath will he give for his life; but one man
could not be expected to pay for the life of another.
There was great propriety in each man paying for
himself; but how should the necessary revenue for
the government be raised? He proceeded to con-
tend that a poll-tax was highly objectionable, and
that duties on imports was the proper mode of
raising revenue. He next examined the effect of
imposts on the country. He was opposed to a
tariff that would be largely productive, because the
people desired the government to be economically
administered; and a redundant treasury, whether in
the individual or the State, engendered extravagant
habit3 and tastes, which produced ultimate calamity.
And again: it could not surely be a wise policy to raise,
by tax, any sum, and return it again to the persons
by whom it was paid. The evil of such a system
was palpably evident.
He contended that the contributions from the
general government to the States, being received at
different times, the consequence would be a general
derangement of the currency. He next proceeded
to inquire whether Congress had the power to im-
pose duties for the purpose of protecting manufac-
tures. He admitted that Congress had the power
to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises,
and to provide for the general welfare of the United
States; and it was contended that, for these objects,
Congress had no restriction but its own will. This doc-
trine he denied. The constitution was a touch-stone,by
which all the measures of Congress were to be tried;
and this power not being found in the constitution,
there was nothing to authorize it to be taken as an
incident. Mr. D. then went into an argument at
length, and showed that the exercise of the power
was unconstitutional. On the subject of the distri-
bution of the public lands, he laid down the position
that the public lands were the property of the gov-
ernment, and contended that there was 110 power
granted to Congress to give it away. It was a re-
served power, and could not belong to Congress till
granted by the States. When "the revenue de-
rived from the sales of the lands was in the
treasury, it was to all intents and purposes
the property of the government, and Congress
had not the power to give it away. If Con-
gress possessed the power to give away revenue col-
lected into the treasury in this way, it followed as a
necessary consequence that Congress could impose
duties for the purpose of collecting money to be dis-
tributed to the States. This was a doctrine that no
man would have the hardihood to support. Mr. D.,
after arguing in extenso on this head, returned to
the subject of a tariff, and entered into an examina-
tion of a revenue tariff and a protective tariff. The
prohibitory tariff would prevent revenue, and leave
the government to be supported by a direct tax.
This was the extreme of the case. There was ano-
ther extreme, the result of which, as to revenue, was
the same; and that was, where there was no duties at
all. It therefore seemed to him that there was a me-
dium between prohibition and free trade, which
would produce the greatest amount of revenue, and
this was the policy he thought best for this couniry.
A few more remarks were made by Mi. D., when
the Chairman's hammer fell, announcing that Mr.
D.'s hour was out.
Mr. POLLOCK then obtained the floor; but gave
way to
Mr.- JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, who moved
that the committee rise: refected.
Mr. POLLOCK then expressed his willingness to
go on with his remarks now. He commenced by
declaring that he was perfectly disinterested in this
question; that he was not personally interested either
in the manufactures, or m the iron and coal trade
of Pennsylvania; and that he possessed but a
small interest in the agriculture of that State.
He was, therefore, disinterested, except so far as he
had the welfare of the people of his State at heart.
He deemed it almost a work of supererogation to
address the committee in favor of the American sys-
tem. He considered that the tariff act of 1842,
which it was now attempted to repeal, was its own
best defender and its own best advfccate; and he ad-
vised gentlemen who doubted the expediency of the
American system, to look back at what the condi-
tion of the country was previous to the enactment of
that law, and now see what it is under its opera-
tions. He would ask these gentlemen what they
attributed the change in the condition of the coun-
try to, if not to that law. He considered the opera-
tions of that act as superior to all the statistical tables
that had ever been compiled, and containing mors
valuable information than could be found in all the
writers on political economy, from Adam Smith
down to this day. Mr. P. then went into a general
argument on the constitutionality and expediency of
the protective system, and endeavored to show that
the act of ]842 had operated most beneficently.
Mr. COBB next obtained the floor; but it being
nearly 5 o'clock, gave way to
Mr. WELLER, on whose motion the committee
rose; and
The House adjourned.
The following petition was presented to-day un
der the rule:
By Mr. RATHBUN: A remonstrance, signed by John
Me Vitt, Sloeum Howland, and 94 others, against disturbing
the present taritt'law *
House of Representatives,
May 1, 18-14.
Gentlemen: In the brief notice taken by your reporter of
my remarks in the House on yesterday, upon the subject of
the tariff, I am represented as saying "that, in Indiana, both
parties were for leaving the present tariti" act untouched,
deeming it a settlement of the question "
in this I was misunderstood, as 1 did not use the remark
attributed to me. I do not suppose that the demociatic
party in Indiana are in favor of the existing tariff. So far
as I know anything of their opinions, I believe the great
mass of them are in favor of reducing the present duties.
By publishing this eorrcction, you will oblige yours, Sec.,
CALEB B. SMITH.
Messrs. Blair St Rives.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 2, 1844.
Mr. McKAY moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union, for the purpose of proceeding with the con-
sideration of the bill to modify and amend the tariff
act of 1842.
Mr. DUNCAN requested the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw that motion to enable
him to move a reconsideration of the vote by .which
the House yesterday agreed to set apart for the bu-
siness of the District of Columbia, the three first
days succeeding that on which the tariff bill should
be disposed of. His object was to get up the elec-
tion bill.
Mr. HOPKINS moved the postponement of the
consideration of the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio till to-morrow.
Mr. VANCE suggested a still later day.
Mr. HOPKINS remarked, that as the tariff bill
would be disposed of on "Wednesday next, he would
modify his motion so as to postpone to Thursday
morning, when the motion to reconsider could be
taken up.
I11 that shape, the motion to postpone was agreed
to.
POST OFFICE BILL.
Mr. HOPKINS asked the House to take up the
bill from the Senate "to reduce the rates of post-
age; limit the use, and correct the abuse of the
franking privilege; and to prevent frauds on the
Post Office Department," so that it might be refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Offices and
Post Roads.
BILLS FROM THE SENATE.
Mr. WELLER suggested that there were various
bills from the Senate on the Speaker's table, and
that they had better be disposed of.
The following bills were accordingly read a first
and second time, and appropriately referred:
An act for the relief of Henry Newman.
An act for the relief of Ephriam D. Dickson.
An act for the relief of Hiram Murch.
An act for the relief of Joseph Campau.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of George Duval and other Cherokees.
An act for the relief of Wm. R. Davis.
An act for the relief of David Robb.
An act to authorize the school trustees, or otter
lawful authorities having charge of the subject of
common schools in surveyed township 48 north, ,of
range 18 west, in the county of Cooper, and Stftte
of Missouri, to enter a section of .land in lieu ofsec-
tion sixteen in. said township, for, the use of
schools.
An act authorizing a patent to be issued to Jo-
seph Campau, for a certain tract of land in the State
of Michigan.
An act for the purchate. of certain copies of the
History of Oregon, California, and the other Terri-
tories, on the northwest coast of North America. "
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The standing committees were next called for re-
ports; limited, however, to such as would not give
rise to debate: and the following were presented:
Mr. McCLERNAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to authorize the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury to allow the names of registered
vessels to be changed; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the resolution
of the House of the 25th of March last, upon the
subject of pre-emptions to lands in the counties of
Tipton and Richardsville, in Indiana, for county
seats, made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill
granting the right of pre-emption to a quarter section
of land to the counties of lipton and Richardsville,
in the State of Indiana; which was read a first and
second time, and committed to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of Robert
Seybold, and that it be referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr. HUBARD, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made a report upon the subject of autho-
rizing scrip in exchange for Virginia military boun-
ty land warrants, accompanied by a bill authorizing
the issue of scrip in exchange for military bounty
land warrants; which was read a first and second
time, and committed to the Committee of the Whole
House 011 the state of the Union.
•On motion of Mr. IIUBARD, by leave,
R^olvcd, That two thousand extra copies of the report
from the Committee on Public Lands on military bounty
land claims be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. KIRKPATRICK, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill for repair-
ing the roof of the court-house in Alexandria, ac-
companied by a report in writing; which bill was
read a first and second time, and committed to a
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. ROBERT SMITH, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, made a report upon the pe-
tition of Mary W.Telfair, accompanied by a bill for
her relief; which was read a first and second time,
and committed to a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. SEVERANCE, from the Committee o,n Pri-
vate Land Claims, made an adverse report upon the
petition of Archibald D. Palmer; which report was
laid upon the table.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the same committe, made a
report upon the petitions of Francois Christien and
widow Baptiste Berard, accompanied by a bill for
their relief; which was read a first and second time,
and committed to Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HUNGERFORD, from the Committee on
Revol Litionary Pensions, made a report upon the
petition of Marcay Olds, widow of John Stewart,
accompanied by a bill for her relief; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to a Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. OWEN, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, to which was referred the bill from the Sen-
ate entitled "an act to direct the transfer to the State
of Maryland of the stock held by the United States
in the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal upon certain con-
ditions," reported the same without amendment; and
it was referred to the Committee of the Whole
Honse on the state of the Union.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on the Public
Buildings, made an adverse report upon the resolu-
tion of the House of the 25th of March last, in rela-
tion to changing the Congress library room into S,
