sii
CDNGRESilbNAL GLOfii.
Kal) of representatives; which report was laid upon
tKefible.
5 Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill to grant
to the State of Illinois a right of way through the
public lands of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, reported an amendatory bill, accompanied by
ec'report in writing.
■ 'Mr. C:, from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report upon the bill to grant pre-emption rights
to actual settlers on lands acquired hy treaty from the
Miami Indians, in Indiana; which report was laid
upon the table.
Mr. BENTON, from the Commtttee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to trespasses
upon Indian lands, made-a report thereon, accompa-
nied by a bill to prevent trespasses upon the Indian
lands; which bill, by general consent, was carried
through its different stages, and passed.
. Mr. THOMPSON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported an act for the relief of F. A.
Kerr; which was read twice, and referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. HARALSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill from the Senate for the
relief of Caroline C. Ciitherall, widow of Dr. George
<3. Ciitherall, late a surgeon in the, army of the
United States, and recommended that the said bill do
not pass; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House.
• Mr- ATKINSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the bill from the Sen-
ate entitled "an act for the relief of James M. Mcin-
tosh, a commander in the navy of the United
States," made a report thereon, and recommended
that the said bill do not pass.
Mr. MURPHY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, submitted a report of a minority of the said
committee in relation to the bill from the Senate for
the relief of James M. Mcintosh, a commander in
the navy of the Untted States; which was commit-
ted to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, made an adverse report upon the claim
of Thomas W. Gordon; which was laid upon the
table.
On motion of Mr. C.J. INGERSOLL,
Ordered, That the Committee on Foreign A flairs lie dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of C atharine
Raguet, widow of Condy Raguet; which petition was laid
on the table.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the same commit-
tee, reported the following resolution: "
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to interpose his good offices with the British gov-
ernment for the releas ofBenjamm .Mott, of Alburch, Ver-
mont, Samuel Nov,come, of Chataugua. Newio'rk, and
other American prisoners of Van Diemans Land: Agieed
to.
Mr. McILVAINE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, made a report npon the case of
Susanna Warner, accompanied by a bill for her re-
lief; which bill was read a first and second time,
and committed to a Committee of the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. RATHBUN, the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions were d ischarged from
the consideration of a number of cases contained in
the report.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee,
reported, without amendment, a bill for the relief
of Stanley White, accompanied by a report in
writing.
On motion of Mr. PRATT,
*Resohed, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds heauthonyed to have printed the reports, specifi-
cations, and estimates of ail the proposed plans uf,(Iterations
and additions to the Capitol, and other public buildings now
before the committee.
EKGRAVING OF MAPS. ""
Mr. J. W DAVIS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, rose and said it would be recollected that,
some weeks ago, he had called the attention of the
House to the fact that the report of the Commis-
sioner of the Public Land Office had not been laid
upon their tables by the public printer; and he now
begged to call the attention of the House to the fact
that the House had not yet received that report.
In justice to the public printers, he should say that
the report had been printed from two to three
months, and that it was delayed because the person
employer! to lithograph the accompanying maps had
not furnished them to the printers so that they
might accompany the report. He felt it necessary,
in view of these facts, to ask the House to give au-
thority to the Clerk to call upon the printers to fur-
nish the commissioner's report without the maps
that should accompany it, and that the order for
the maps should be rescinded; and surely, under all
the circumstances,-they could not be expected to
pay for them. Four months had now elapsed since
the commissioner's report was made to the House,
and the session was approaching its close without
their having thp benefits of that report. Why,
they should have another report (at the commence-
ment of the next session) almost as soon as they
should get this; and quite as soon, if it was not put
upon their tables before the approaching adjourn-
ment. He submitted the motion which he had in-
dicated; and on that he moved the previous ques-
tion.
Some conversation ensued.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS said he was informed that the
maps would be ready in the course of two or three
days; and if so, he had no desire to press this mo-
tion; but he gave notice that he should renew it on
Saturday, or Monday, if the maps were not supplied
in the mean time.
The motion was then withdrawn.
DEBATE ON THE TARIFF.
On motion by Mr. McKAY, the House resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Hop-
kins, of Virginia, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill to modify and amend the
present tarifflaws.
Mr. COBB observed that, so far as he had been
able to give any attention to the discussion on this
subject, it appeared to him to be one of peculiar in-
terest. If there was any portion of the country
deeply and vitally interested in a fair and proper
settlement of the question of the tariff, he conceived
it to be that section of the country which he in part
represented. Every one acquainted with'the his-
tory of political parties in this country, and with
the history of this all-absorbing subject, must know
that the people of Georgia have ever battled with
all their energies against the system of protection
to any portion of the industry of the country where
it operated to the injury of other portions. In the
course of this debate, the people of the South, who
are opposed to this system, had been charged with
being opposed to American industry, American man-
ufactures, American commerce, and (strange to say)
to American agriculture. It should bethis part, in
the course of the few remarks he was about to make,
to show how unfounded this charge was. The
feeling entertained in his section of the country for
the manufacturing interest had always been ofthe
most kind and friendly nature. Yet they were not
prepared to strike a suicidal blow at the agriculture
of the country for the purpose of building it up.
Gentlemen who had addressed the committee m
favor of the protective system, had argued this ques-
tion, not in reference to the welfare of the whole
country at large, but all their energies were ex-
erted in favor of what they believed to be the
interests of their own section of the Union. At
one time, he thought they went still father, and
advocated the interests of themselves and their con-
stituents; for they went largely into detail, and ex-
hibited statistical tables, showing the extensive in-
terest that was benefited by the system of protec-
tion. His attention had been directed to another
point in the debate; and to that he would direct the
notice of those gentlemen belonging to the whig
party, who represented the South. "The friends of
protection to manufactures went into arguments to
show that protection was not only for the benefit
of the manufacturers of the North, but they went
one step faither, and solicited the aid of Congress,
on (he ground that the West will find a market for her
agricultural productions, by building up manufac-
turing establishments. He had listened, however,
in vain, to hear one single argument addressed to the
cotton-growers of the South to go for the system.
On the subject of a home market, inducements
were held out to the farmers of the West to rally in
aid of the manufacturers of the North; but were the
consumers and the cotton-growers of the South en-
titled to no consideration? pie, however, denied
that they could create such a home market as would
take all the productions of the country. They had
been told tha t the father of his country approved a
protective act; but what was it' It was an act for
the raising of revenue, and the protection of domes-
tic manufactures—a protection which was widely
different from that of the present day. It was a
protection that was necessary for the raising of rev-
enue; but again, he asked, what was it? It was a
protection of 7 J per cent, for the domestic manufac-
tures, and at a time when manufactures were in
their infancy, and when they required the fostering
care of the government. That fostering care -ex-
tended a protection of 7| per cent, to our infant
manufactures; -but they had now grown up to
vigorous manhood; and now, in its giant strength, an
infinitely larger amount of protection was required
than was needed by the infant. Now, could this be
acceded to with a due regard to the other interests
of the country? Could they they thus sacrifice to
one, all the other interests of the country? And yet
such a system was called a protection of American "
industry.
He then alluded to the arguments of the gentlemen
who had preceded him, by which they had designed
to show that a high tariff cheapened the price of
goods. By the exclusion of foreign manufactures,
they (it was said) were enabled .to sell a larger
amount of goods, and hence they could afford to sell
cheaper; but how was the market to be increased?
They must, to accomplish it, exclude all foreign
goods from competition; and that could only be the
result, so long as the duties were so high that the
foreign goods could not be brought into competition,
subject to those high duties. Now, he would ask
the advocates of the act of 1842—who contend that
its operation is to reduce prices—whether they in-
tended that it should be prohibitory. If such was
not their intention—if foreign goods are still to come
into competition with American productions—how
was it that the protection afforded by that bill was to
diminish the price of goods?
He alluded to the argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] against an early
operation of this bill, on the ground that it would be
injurious to the importers, and the importing mer-
chants; and again asked if this bill should be passed,
and go into operation at an early period, thereby re-
ducing the duties on importations, and, according to
the theory of the gentleman's friends, increasing
prices, ho w it could be inj urious to those classes?
Mr. WINTHROP explained. He said mainly
that the gentleman from Georgia had greatly exag-
ferated the doctrines which his side of the House
eld on this subject, and that the reduction of prices
umild be a work of time.
Mr. COBB was happy to hear the explanation.
He was now relieved from a great difficulty in which
he had been involved. He was now told that the
reduction of prices, by the operation of a high tariff,
must be progressive; the act of 1842 had not had
time enough to produce such "effects; and yet the
friends of that act were contending that it had already
caused a reduction of prices. In this, he alluded
more particularly to the arguments of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Wethered,] and said he had
now the authority of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Winthrop] for denying that the act of
1842 had reduced prices.
Mr. C. then examined the argument used by the
friends of protection, that a high tariff cheapened
the price of manufactures to the consumer, which
he proceeded at length to refute; and went into a
train of argument to prove that such a reduction of
prices could only be effected by a prohibitory tariff,
which no gentleman on that floor was, as yet, willing
to go for.
Mr. C. next spoke of the state of feeling in the
South on the subject of a protective tariff, and
showed that, from the tariff of 1828, the whole
South, without distinction of parties, had been op-
posed to it. The southern members of Congress
all opposed the tariff of 1842; and Mr. C. read ex-
tracts from the speeches of Messrs. Meriwether and
Alford, of Georgia, strongly denouncing the act of
1842, and the whole system of protection. He did
not know what cause to attribute the late change of
opinion to in favor of a protective tariff by the whigs
of the South; but up to the tariff of 1842, they had
always been the uncompromising opponents of the
protective system.
Mr. McDOWELL, after a few preliminary ob-
servations, said he was in favor of a tariff which
would produce a revenue sufficient for the economi-
cal administration of the government, with such
discriminations in favor of domestic industry as
should look to revenue only, and nothing else. He
found the power he advocated in the 8th section of
the constitution; and he should attempt to show
that that scction never u as designed, nor, by any fair
interpretation, could it be made,to mean anything else
than the construction he had given it. That article
said: "That Congress shall have power to lay and
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises; to Jpay
the debts, and provide for the common defence anc?
