March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
'28th Cong 1st Sess.
Oregon Territory—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
ishedin May, 1840, and since then expanded into the most
authoritative work on the whole Oregon question, m all its
aspects, which has ever been written—and lor which f hope
to unite with the Senator from Pennsylvania, and the whole
Senate, in remunerating the laborious and trustworthy com-
piler—Mr. Greenhow says, three years aftet this petition
had been presented: "the only settlement which appears to.
have been made under the auspices of the company beyond
the Rocky mountains, is that on the Wallamette, where a
few old Canadian voyogeurs are permitted to reside with
their Indian wives and half-breed families, on condition of
remaining faithlul to their liege iords of the' company. In
the neighborhood of each large factory, indeed, a portion of
ground is cleared and cultivated, and dwelling houses,
nnlls, and shops for artisans, are erected; but these improve-
ments are all entirely subservient to the uses and objects of
the company, all proceedings not strictly connected with,
its pursuits being discouraged "
I read now from the British Foreign Review of January,-
1844: "The interests ofthe company are of course adverse
to colonization " "The fur trade has'been hitherto the only
channel for the advantageous investment of capital in those
regions."
Indeed, itis plain, that such a company, as such, can do
nothing in agriculture. It cannot live in or near the agri-
cultural state. It is not fields of grain, or grass, or cattle,
or pasture, that it requires, but Indians to trade with, beaver
and muskrat to kill, a vast .wilderness to range in, one
whole region of which it may hunt over this year, leaving
it fallow the next, to replenish its growth of savage life.
It cannot blend,.it cannot contemporaneously conduct, agri-
cultural and hunting occupation. There, is a sort of chro-
nological incompatibility in it These are successive states,
marking successive ages of man. The company must retire
before the agricultural life, not enjoy it.
In the next place, sir, it is as clear, and it is an interesting
and pleasing fact, that these discharged servants of the
company possess very,friendly dispositions to. the govern-
ment of the United States, that they receive our settleis
hospitably, that they listen gladly to the instructions of
our missionaries, and that they anticipate with pleasure,
not fear, the extension of,our laws and the unfolding of our
flag upon the shores of our tranquil sea. Among the'docu-
ments accompany ing the President's message of this session,
is a letter from Dr. Elijah White, our sub-agent beyond the
Rocky mountains. He is a gentleman, as I learn from infor-
mation thwugh Mr (.'law ford, of the office of Indian Affairs,
of excellent character,, whose appointment to his present
officj^was warmly urged by Mr. Linn, late of the Senate.'
In this letter he says:
"I think I mentioned, the kind and hospitable manner we
were received and entertained on the way by the gentlemen
of the Hudson's Bay company, and the' cordial and most
handsome reception I met with at Fort Vancouver, from
Governor McLaughlin, and his worthy associate chief fac-
tor, James Douglass, esq., my appointment giving pleasure
rather than pain—a satisfactory assurance that these worthy
gentlemen intend, eventually, to settle in this country, and
prefer American to English jurisdiction.
"On my arrival in the colony, sixty miles south of Van-
couver, being in advance of the party, and coming unex-
pectedly to the citizens, bearing the intelligence ol the ar-
rival of so large a reinforcement, and giving assurance of
the good intentions of our government, the excitement was
general; and two days after, we had the largest and happiest
public meeting ever convened in this infant colony.
"I found the colony in peace and health, rapidly increas-
ing in numbers, having more than doubled m population
during the last two years. English, French, and half breeds,
seem equally with our own people attached to the Ajnencan
cause; hence the bill of Mr Linn, proffering a section of
laud to ever) white man of the territory, Iras the double ad-
vantage of being popular and useful, increasing such attach-
ment, and manifestly acting as a strong incentive to all, of
whatever nation or party, to settle m this country.
"A petition started from this country to-day, making bit-
ter complaints against the Hudson Bay company and Gov-
ernor McLaughlin. On reference to it, (as a co'pj* was de-
nied.) I shall only say, had any gentleman disconnected with
the Hudson Bay company been at half the pains and ex-
pense to establish a claim to the "Wallamette tails, very few
would have raised an opposition. His half-bushel meas-
ure I know to be exact, according to the English imperial
standard The gentlemen of tin*? company have been
fathers and fortercrs of the colony, ever encouraging peace,
industry, and good order, and have sustained a character
for hospitality and integrity too well established easily to
be shaken.'''
And this is fully confirmed bytho^ewho regard the fact
with an unfriendly eye The writer in the Colonial Mag-
azine, to whom I have just referred, thus complains:
"By a strange and unpardonable oversight of the local
officer of the company, missionaries from the United States
were allowed to take religious charge of the population;
and these artful men lost no time in introducing such a
number of their countrymen as reduced the influence oi the
small number of British settlers into complete insignificance.
Unless a speedy remedy be applied, our fellow-subjccts in
that quarter vi ill soon be excluded fiom the Columbia riv-
er, its tributaries and adjacent countries "
It is certain, also, in the next place, thai the Hudson Bay
company proper, the hunting and trading company, finds
already that its game is retiring to the north and northeast:
and the hunter must follow his game, or cease to to be a
hunter. You have seen that in the application for a renew-
al of the license, it is said that no considerable pro/its were
expected to be gathered on the west side of the mountains;
that it was upon their own proper territory on this side,
drained by the waters of the Hudson Bay, that their busi-
ness was to be, if any where, advantageously pursued; and
that the licence to hunt and trade on the west side was ex-
pected to be useful mainly as a means of extending and per-
petuating that influence over the Indinns, and that monop-
oly of the entire fur trade in the northwest, which would
insure them the peaceful and exclusive rono;e of their own
teriitorv, and enable them, by a piudent husbandry and al-
ternation of crops, hunting m one season on one tiact, and
the next on another, to prevent or postpone the total destruc-
tion of game. In point of fact, there is no doubt that, from
causes wholly uncontrollable by them, the fur-bearing
animals are deserting the Oregon. South of the Columbia,
they are substantially extinct. They are disappearing on
the north of -that river. The companv have bought out the
interest of the Russian fur hunters," above H degrees 40
minutes; they are exploring the dim neighborhood of the
Arctic sea. One age and state of man is fading"away in the
Oregon, and another emerges to light. There is not an acre
of good land in the whole valley of the Columbia, that is not
even now ready for the, agriculture of-civilization. Sir, let
me advert to a few proofs of this. A writer on the subject
, of ffirs and the fur trade, in a papej published in Silliman's
Journal", concludes:
"From the foregoing statements, it appears that the fur
trade must henceforward decline. The advanced state'of
geographical science shows that no new countries remain
to be explored. In North America, the animals are slowly
decreasing, from the persevering efforts, and theindiscrim-
inate slaughter practised by the hunters, and by the appro-
priation to the uses ol man of those • forests and rivers
which have afforded them food and protection. They recede
with the aborigines, before the tide of civilization "
In the article from the British Foreign Review, to which
I made reference before, it is remarked:
"Even now, the animals yielding furs and skins are said
to be disappearing, and the toils of the hunters and trappers
are less profitable than formerly. The Americans are not
probably displeased to observe this, and would rejoice still
more if the company should find it necessary to abandon
these regions; but, even if such a result should take place,
it would be some time before the United States could be pre-
pared to send, forth any large" body of settlers to the coun-
try."
You perceive that he does not suggest a doubt that the
American wish will he gratified. Again:
"The fur trade is incompatible with the progress of set-
tlement, and must gradually cease as the occupation of the
country proceeds."
But I pass to far higher authority upon the subject. In a
speech of the-late Mr. McRoberts, of Illinois, delivered in
this place, at the last session, he says:
"The leading inducement to the formation of the conven-
tion, which was to facilitate the collection of furs and skins 
has almost entirely ceased; and particularly in the country
south of the Columbia, which is the country best adapted to
agricultural pursuits. The hunter has laid by his rifle and
traps, and is cultivating .the land fox a subsistence. If our
people go there, they must pursue the mechanic arts, or be
cultivators of the soil—not hunters/'
To the same effect, sustaining in the fullest manner my
entire view, were the remarks of his colleague, Mr. Young.
in the course of the same debate. They bear with decisive
eftect upon all the positions which 1 have assumed.
"It struck him that it was a mistake to think- that Great
Britain will ever look to that territory for agricultural pur-
poses. And herein lay a gieat difference between her views
and ours. They are, in fact, different, and yet not conflict-
ing. We want the territory for agricultural pursuits, mainly.
She looks to it for the mam pursuit ol the Hudson Bay
company, which is the trade m lurs.
"In the Oregon Territory, this company, not having for
its primary object agricultural pursuits, never have en-
couraged more agriculture of the soil than necessary for
the temporary stipport of its emjAoyees But with our cit-
izens, agriculture must be the primary object. We ha\e
already a number ol our citizens there, engaged in this
pursuit. There is no jealousy towards them on the part of
the Hudson's Bay company, so long as they make agricul-
ture their primary pursuit/*
And again: ,
"The most friendly feelings are evinced by the employees
of the Hudson Bay company towards our citizens now
there. They give 110 offence by occupying any portion of
the soil they please m agriculture. The Hudson Bay com-
pany can have no objection, and will make none, to agricul-
tural settlements "
"There is nothing like an effort or disposition on the part
of the Hudson Baj company to make permanent agricul-
tural settlements. Theirs is a mere temporary occupa-
tion."
Mr Linn followed Mr. \ ouxo, and said:
"He felt it unnecessary to consume time in debate, after
the very lucid statement of the senator fiom Illinois, placing
the matter on the plain grounds on which it should be view-
ed."
I say then, sir. that the Hudson Bay company, in point of
fact, is opposing no obstacle ot ail to your agricultural en-
terprise to the Oiegon. Neither the hunter, nor the dis-
charged servant,who is gi\ mg lus few last and fatigued years
to the cultivation of the lanu, opposes am obstacle, 'lhere
is no obstacle of force, or ol fraud, or or mhospitality. 1 oare
say, little controversies there ma)- be, such as there axe
everywhere, controversies -about titles, first possession,
prices, monopolies of grinding grain, sawing timber, and
the like; such as the memonal presented b\ the senator
from "Missouri [Mr. Atchison-] sets forth; but the weight of
evidence, from all sources, is most decisive to show, that,
with the Hudson Bay company pi oper, our settlers come in-
to no contact, and that from the discharged employees, the
British, French, and hall-breed farmers, they have experi-
enced generally the most hospitable and the kindest recep-
tion. Already we are, in numbcis, moie than two to their
one. The whole number of persons, all told, in the em-
ployment of the company m the Oregon, or discharged, and
cultivating the soil, does not exceed a thousand. "W e have,
1 think, se\ en missionary stations, from two hundred miles
south of the Columbia to Paget"s sound, one hundred and
forty miles north ofrt, we ha\e"two thousand persons there;
we lxaye, be) ond doubt, the best gra7ing and best wheat
country in the whole territory the volley of the Walla-
mette, which some visiters liken, for fertility and almost to
extent, to New iork
The senator from Pennsylvania, however, twice oi thrice
takes care to tell you that ''the Hudson Bay company had
murdered four'or five hundred of our citizens, as we had
learned from good authority, either directly with their
owvn hands, or indirectly through the agoncy of the Indians,
who were under-their exclusive control. They had mur-
dered and expelled all our citizens who had gone there for
the purpose of interfering with their hunting and trafficking
and trading." - " . -
The senator does not assert that they have -murdered or
expelled any body who went there to settle. My proposi-
tion therefore, he has not assailed. But, Xrbii} the terms oi
his actual statement, I apprehend the Senate would derive
an impression—undesigned by him, undesigned, certainly^,
if it be an erroneous impression—which is jitte'rly unsup-
ported by the facts. Sir, the statement of the senator-haSr
no sort of application to, and composes no part of,, and
throws no light on, the existing policy or purposes of that
company, or on the actual circumstances under which our
citizens go to that country to-day, "vy-hy, sir, when were
these four or "five hundred" murdered'? "In whose adminis-'
tration^ Where? How? Under what-circumstances? Will
it not surprise you to learn that all this was more than fifteen'
years—much, much of it more than thirty years ago? Will,
it not surprise you still more to learn that tne circumstances
in which it happened are such as to leave it a matter'of ut-
ter uncertainty whether the company, directly or indirect-
ly, with intention, caused the death of one of die "four, or
five hundred? While upon the whole'proof, it will appear,
that within the last fifteen years, probably a much .longer
period, they certainly have not caused or procured tlie'mur-
derof one man !
Before the year 1821, ttiere were two-great companies
(the Hudson Bay company and the Northwest company)
which contended for the furs of the northwest portions of
North America. They carried the competition to the ex-
tent of an actual civil wa£. Affairs almost amounting to
battles were fought. Blood was shed. -The most painful
scenes of violence; cruelty, insubordination, and selfish dis^
regard of the rights, interests, and lives of men, were ex-
hibited; and this disgraceful and distressing state of things ,
was continued for years, and over almost all the'unbounded.
wilderness which spreads itself outamong and x>n each side
of the Rocky mountains, is traversed by thewaters of the '
Hudson Bay, and subside towards the Arctic sea. The con-
sequence was, of course, that all control of the Indians was
lost. Spirituous liquors were freely introduced among them.
Their treacherous and ferocious natures were stimulated by
all sorts of appliances, end there is no doubt that many
American citizens, hunters, and trappers, among and on
each side of the mountains, and about the heads of the up-
per Mississippi and upper Missouri, lost their lives by the
hands of these wild men. It has been estimated, and I do
not know that it has not been truly estimated, that, between
1808, or a few years earlier, and 1821, or afew years later,
but before 1829, five hundred American citizens were thus
murdered. They were murdered by Indians, wearing
European blankets, armed with European rifles, drunk up-
on European spirits. So much we know. Perhaps it is all
we know.
In 1821, the two companies wrere united in the Hudson Bay •
company. The scene was changed immediately. The
white men no longer quarrelled among themselves* The .
Indians we're subjected to a more perfect and better admin- -
istered surveillance. Spirituous liquors were excluded. The
reign of law and order was restored, and has, in the maint
been preserved ever since. And from .tjiat time—I compute
from 1821, or a few years later, 1826 or 1828—I deny'that
thereis a particle of evidence that the Hudson Bay compa-
ny , or any body else, civilized or savage, by their procure-
ment, has murdered any American citizen any where.
Indian murders since that time there may .have been; but
what I say is, that 1 have not seen a scrap of proof that they--
were instigated; directly or mdircctly, "by this company.
Whether the murders of that earlier period were instigated
by any white trader, I have not .inquired, and do not know.
Let me refer you to the account the company give of this
matter themselves, in the petition to which the senator from
Pennsylvania has referred:
"Itis unnecessary to say more of the eager competition
into which this association entered with tne Hudson Bay
company for the trade of the Indian districts, or of the
scenes of demoralization and destruction of life and prop-
erty to which it led, than to refer your lordship to the ample
details on this revolting subject in the colonial department;
to the agreements at last entered into between the rival
companies to put an end to them by the union of their in1
terests m 1821."
"Great loss of property, and in some cases loss of life,
have been incurred by savage and murderous attacks ou
their limiting parties and establishments, and order has only
been restored and peace maintained "by the employment, at
a great expense,, of considerable force, and by the exercise,
on the pait of their servants, of the utmost temper, patience,
and perseverance."
"Under that arrangement, his lordship, at a very heavy
expense, conveyed several hundred families from Europe
to that settlement; but the evils attendant on the competi-
tion m the fur trade extending to this settlement, occasioned
seriou® breaches of the peace, much loss of life, and the
breaking up or abandonment of the settlement by the
whites on two different occasions."
"B^ that report it w ill moreover be seen that the animosi-
ties and feuds which kept the Indian country in a state of
continued disturbance, extending to the loss ot lives and to
the destruction ol property, have, since. 1821, entirely
ceased, that the sale or distribution of spirituous liquors to
the Indians has. in most parts of the country, been entirely
discontinued, and in all other parts so much reduced as to
be no longer an evil; and that the moral and religious im-
provement of the native population has "been greatly pro-
moted "
You see then, sir, that these murders were committed
from 15 to 30 years ago By whomsoever done, by whom-
soever procured, they throw no light on the existing
dispositions of the company towards agricultural im-
migrants from the United States; and they do not im-
pugn or qualify in the slightest degree the universality
and the truth of my position, that no" obstacle is now ac-
tually opposed by any bod) to our agnculural occupation
of the Oregon. I have given you the proofs of that posi-
tion, and you will judge of them.
Well, what does the senator from Pennsylvania reply to
all this? Why, sir, only, and exactly, that it is too good to
last. That is all. He does not pretend that Great Britain
