APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. .McDujjie.
Senate.
is now colonizing the country agriculturally. He exhibits
no proof that she. now meditates such a thing. He exhibits
no proof that she now cherishes the purpose of buildmg
forts or marts m the Oregon He exhibits no proof that the
Hudson Bay company is lifting a finger to keep ypur
farmers, artisans, or missionaries, from it. But this is too
good to last! Great Britain will "certainly break out into
some newf development of policy. Hudson Bay company
will kill somebody. It is impossible that this state of things
should last.
Well, sir, perhaps it is. What then? I will tell you
what then. Keep your eye always open, like the eye of
your own eagle, upon the Oregon. Watch day and night.
If any new developments of policy break forth, meet them.
If the time changes, do you change. New things m anew
world. Eternal vigilance is the condition of empire as well
as of liberty.
In the mean time, you see the existing state of things.
You see the present. You are sure that you see it. Gov-
ern yourselves accordingly^ Go 011 with your nego-
tiation. Go on with your emigration. Aie not uie
rifles and the wheat growing together side by side?
Will it not be easy, when the inevitable hour comes, to
beat back ploughshare andpruning hooks into their ori-
ginal forms of instruments of death' Alas! that that tiade
is so easy to learn, and so hard to forget 1 Who now living
will see the time when nations shall learn war 110 more;
when the wicked shall cease fiom troubling, and the weaiy
be at rest, on this side the grave?
1 do not follow senators, therefore, a step in their specula-
tions on the direction which any new policy of England 01
the Hudson's Bay company may take in the Oregon.
Where no man knows whether there is to be a new policy
at all, it is vam and idle to begin to guess what shape it may
take, and what details it may involve Wait and see. Wait
and see.
The senator wonders at the "inconsistency" with which
the senator Irom Massachusetts told the Senate that Great
Britain would go to war for Oregon, and in the next bieath
that the Hudson Bay company would abandon it without a
"struggle." What inconsistency7 I said that the Hudson
Bay company were hunteis, not; farmers: that their game
was retiring northward, and inland, and that the hunter had
already-followed and would follow his game; and that even
now he had leit your agricultural settlers to lay the founda-
tion of their colony m peace, and seen without a struggle
his influence upon his own retired employees, and 011 }our
countrymen, annihilated by American missionaries and
American predilection* I said that England did not m
point of fact interfere with this; but that, if, anticipating
and disturbing the natuial course of things, j ou urge on a
forcible attack upon the yet lingering company, burn their
stockade forts, rob them of their peltries, and shed their
blood, England had expressly declared, 111 the negotiation
of 1827, that she would interpose, and that it was probable
that she would. Where is the inconsistency of one of my
views with the other7
The senator says, also, "to imagine England was going to
give up the right ol colonizing in Oiegon without a strug-
gle, was to imagine what seemed very strange, not to say
. impossible.'' \V ell, sir, if it is impo>sible, there is an end o"f
it. We will wait and see. But does not the senatoi himself
expressly tell us that "England is too wise to risk a war for
the possession of that country'''5 "That it is a moral impos-
sibility at this day, in the nincteentli century of the Chris-
tian era?" "That she would not go to war with us, unless
upon a question where her honor was concerned?'' which
I understand him to suppose is not concerned. If it is im-
possible she should risk a war for the country, and yet also
impossible to imagine she will yield it without a struggle,
why, she must look to herself. But if the senator is right
in the last opinion which he expressed, which was that she
would not light unless the point of honor became involved,
why may she not go on, as now she does, allowing events
to take their own course'' Why is it not a graceful and ob-
vious way of disengaging herself from connection with a
subject for which she is said to be too wise to fight7 O11
one of the senator's views of the matter, this would seem
exactly the sensible and easy policy. But again I say, wait
amd see.
I observe that the British and Foreign Reviewer advances
the suggestion, that we, or our settlers, are welcome to all
the agricultural Oregon; but the British government will
seek to retain a common us>e of the rivers and the harbor of
Fuca Well, now, in this I think I see the whole question
collapsing into a pretty small and very manageable thing
In the first place, the nation that owns the land will be like-
ly, if it chooses, to hold riveis and harbor. In the next
place, as the game retires, the use of these becomes of less
and less importance to Great Britain. In the third place,
I do not know that permission of a tempoiary and lestnctcd
enjoyment of these waters, in general subordination to our
right, involves any very terrific consequences. Witness
the case of the St. John. And finally, by great bad luck,
there is but one harbor, and the rivers are good for noth-
ing! "The rivers of western America," say s Mr. Greenhow,
''present in fact few or no facilities for commercial transport-
ation, They nearly all run in their whole course through
deep ravines among stony mountains; and they <tre fre-
quently interrupted by ledges or accumulations of rock,
producing falls and rapids, to overcome wlncli, ail there-
sources oi' ait w ould probably he unavailing."
Senators tells us that England maintains Gibraltar and
Malta on points about which she owns no agricultuial set-
tlements; and therefore infer she will never be easy till she
hears that encircling and importunate drum beat on the
desert coast of the northwest Well, sir, 1 cannot say. if
she begins to build a Gibraltar there, do you begin too.
Let your walls a«=cend w ith hers. Go up with her story by
story; a teir of guns for every new one she plants; and the
day when she throws out the red cross fiag from the turret
of her consummated structure, cost abroad the radiant stain-
less stars and stripes, to tell her that there "foreign dimin-
ion shall not come." In the mean time, let me say that this
Gibraltar and Malta analogy does not seem to me very
direct Gibraltar and Malta are men-of-war haxbois, as here
whole armadas may lie afloat, directly on both the old and
both the modern ioutes of commeice from Europe to the
East; points from which a British Jieet may unmoor, and in
ten days strike with thunder the walls of one or moie
cities of how many of the nations of Europe, Asia, and
Africa, Portugal, Spain, France, Italy, Austria., Greece,
Russia, by the Black Sea, Turkey, Syna, Egypt, Algiers.
To argue from her tenacious possession of such, places a
necessary desire to see new Gibraltars and new Maltas rise
under the 49th degree of north latitude upon the northwest
coast, does not strike me as extremely cogent.
One event there is, sir, which may change your policy
arid hers, which I marvel not to have heard adverted to. If,
in five or ten years, the isthmus of Panama is cut through,
and thus a new track of commerce paved out in the ^ea; if
that great triumph of man over the world of matter is
achieved; if that marriage of oceans is really celebrated,
then new and intense importance may be given to new
lands and new seas; to the Sandwich islands, to California,
to San Francisco, possibly to"the harbor of Fuca itself. He
who lives to see th&t new earth, and those new heavens,
will have new and appropriate duties to perform, and new
and sufficient lights by which to perform them. In the
mean time, we are here. We have the present to work m
and provide for. Our situation is the teachcr and the limit
of our duty. Long, long before that day, I hope this ques-
tion will have been adjusted, and have taken its place
among the tollies, among the trivialities, of which, a hun-
dred years hence, men shall read with incredulity and as-
tonishment, that, for such things, Christian nations were
once near shedding each other's blood.
In the expression of this hope, Mr. President, { believe I
spealc for my country. It is true that the senator from
Pennsylvania has said:
"He admitted with regret that there were some very dan-
gerous symptoms between the two countries. The whole
press of Great Britain, for the last two years, had teemed
with abuse of America, and all that was American—our in-
stitutions, and everything connected with us, had been
made the subject of perpetual vituperation."
"All ho had road was substantially of the same tenor—the
abuse was unexampled in any former time. And, on the
other hand, among ourselves, though there were many, in
our large cities'especiallv, who entertained a warmth of feel-
ing towards England—insomuch that 011 a gxeat public oc-
casion, in one of the largest of those cities, the health of
'the President of the United States' had been drunk m si-
lence, while that of 'Queon Victoria' had been received
with acclamation—yet, w ith the gieot mavs of our people, a
very different feeling pr< vailed. They still remembeiedtho
w longs w c had enduiud iu days pa>t, they lememheud
these things pprhnps with too deep a sensibility. And al-
though scn.ilors might please their ears with the terms
'mother1 and 'daughter,' a vast majority of our people
weie penetrated with the con\iction that to us England had
ever acted the part of a cruel step-mother It was this
deep-wrought conviction, these associations of former
scenes, that lay at the foundation of the national enmity,
w lurh too extensively prevailed. Injuries on one -side, and
their lemembrance on the other, kept up this ill blood. Be-
sides, even were it otherwise, the American people, as one
man, felt that there was a calamity even greater than that
of war, and that was a sacrifice of the national honor."
But is this so'' Is it so, that the great mass of the people
of this country are pervaded, are 'penetrated" by a deep-
seated, "deep-wrought'5 "sentiment of national enmity''to-
wards this particular nation England' Is it so, that our
veins aie filled with ''ill blood'' towards that country, ill
blood generated and fed by the "memory of wrongs en-
dured in days past?" This 1 understand the senator to al-
lege, and even to regret. 1 have repeated to you, however,
exactly what he says, to be interpreted by yourselves. But
thus I undeistand it The chcrished remembrance of
wrongs enduied in past day s, the conviction that England
had ever acted the part of a "cruel step-mother:" the "as-
sociations of former scenes,*'—these bitter memories, com-
pose the deep foundations of a too extensive national hos-
tility; these things make the great body of the people ene-
mies of England, in a time ol profound pence. Thus I in-
terpret the senator. Is this so7
Being, sir, through t-he favor of a kind Providence, one of
the people of America myself; and having been born and
bred, not m cities, which are said to love England, but in
the country, which is said, as I understand the honorable
senator, to hate her; and having been astonished and pained
to hear it asserted that such a people, one of as happy, gen-
erous, and kind a nature as the sun shmes on, were laboring
under a sentiment so gloomy and &o barbarous as this, I
have been revolving the subject with some care and with
some feeling Exhausted as 1 am, and as you are, 1 cannot
sit down without denouncing, m the first place, the senti-
ment thus, as I understand the senator, ascribed by him io
my countrymen, as immoral, unchristian, unchivalrous,
unworthy of good men, unworthy of "gallant men, and men
of honor/' and without, m the second place, expressing my
entire and profound conviction that no such sentiment in-
habits the bosom of the American people. Sir, I thank the
senators from Kentucky and Virginia [Mi. Cun tf.xdf.n and
Mr. Kn i s] for their notice ol this part of the honoiable
senator's address. With my last woids, if I knew 1 were
about to speak ihem, \\ ould I unite my judgments and ftel-
ing on this subject with them.
Mr President, w e must distinguish a little. That there
exists m tins country an intense sentiment oi nationality. a
cherished energetic feeling and consciousness of our inde-
pendent and separate national existence, a feeling that we
have a tianscendent destiny to fulfil, w hicli we mean to ful-
fil, a great woik to do, w Inch w e k; j\s how to do. and are
able to do; a career to run, up w Inch we hope to ascend till
we stand on the steadfast and glittering summits of the
world; a feeling that we are suriounded and attended by a
noble, historical group of competitors and rivals, the other
nations of the earth all of whom we hope to overtake and
even to distance—such a sentiment as this exists perhaps in
the character of this people. And this I do not discourage;
I do not condemn. It is easy to ridicule it But "errand
swelling sentiments" of patriotism no wise man will despise.
They have their uses. They help to give a great heart to a
nation, to animate it for the various conflict of its lot; to as-
<.:'-t it to work out for itself a more exceeding weight and to
fill a laigcr measure of glory. But, sir. that among the-e
useful and b^nutiml sentiments, predominant among them,
there exists a temper of hostility towards, this one particular;
nation, to such a degree as to amount to a habit, atrait, a na«
tional passion—to amount to a state of feeling which "is to be
regretted," and which really threatens another war—this 1
earnestly and confidently deny. I would not hear your ene-
my say this.
Sir, the indulgence of such a sentiment by the people sup-
poses them to have forgotten one of the .counsels of Wash-
ington. Call to mind the ever seasonable wisdom of the
Farewell Address:
"The nation which indulges towards another an habitual
hatred or an habitual fondness is, in some degree, a slave. It
Is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which
is sufficient to lead it astray from its du.ty and its interest
Antipathy in one nation against another disposes each more
icadily to offer insult and injury, to lay hold of slight causes
of umbrage, and to be haughty and intractable, when-acci-
dental or trifling occasions of dispute occur. Hence fre-
quent collisions, obstinate, envenomed, and bloody con-
tests. The nation prompted by ill will and resentment some-
times impels to war the government, contrary to the best
calculations of policy. The government sometimes partici-
pates in the national propensity, and adopts, through pas-
sion, what reason would reject. At other times it makes
the animosity ol the nation subservient to projects of hostil-
ity, instigated by pride, ambition, and other sinister and
pernicious motives. The peace often, sometimes, perhaps,
the liberty of nations, has been the victim."
No. sir, no, sir. We are above all this. Let the highland
clansman, half naked, half civilised, half blinded by the peat
smoke of his cavern, have his hereditary enemy and his
hereditarv enmitv, and keep the keen, deep, and precious
hatred, set on fire of hell, alive if he can; let the North
American Indian have his, and hand it down from father to
son, by heaven knows what symbols of alligators, and rat-
tlesnakes, and war clubs smeared with vermilion and en-
twined with scarlet; let such a country as Poland, cloven to
the earth, the armed heel on the radiant forehead, her body
dead, her soul incapable to die, let her "remember the
wrongs of days long past;" let the lost and wandering
tribes of Israel remember theirs—the manliness and the
sympathy of the world may allow or pardon this to
them; but shall America, young, free, prosperous, just
setting out on the highway of Heaven, "decorating and
cheering the elevated sphere she just begins to move
in, glittering like the morning star, full of life and
joy,1"' shall she be supposed to be polluting and corroding
liei noble and happy fieait, by moping over old stories of
stamp act, and tea tax, and the firing of the Leopard upon
the Chesapeake 111 a time of peace? No, sir; no, sir; a
thousand times no! "Why, I protest I thought all that had
been settled. I thought two wars had settled it all. "What
else w as so much good blood shed for 011 so many more
than classical fields of revolutionary glory? For what was
so much good blood more lately shed at Lundy's Lane, at
Fort Erie, before and behind the lints at New Orleans, on
the deck-of the Constitution, on the deck of the Java, on the
lakes, on the sea. "but to settle exactly these "wrongs of
past days?" And have we come back sulky and sullen,
from the very field of honor"7 For my country I deny it
The senator says that our people still remember these "for-
mer scenes of wrong with perhaps too deep" a sensibility;
and that, as I interpret him, they nourish a "too extensive"
national enmity, flow so? If the feeling he attributes to
them is moral, manly, creditable, how comes it to be too
deep; and if it is immoral, unmanly, and unworthy, why is
it charged on them at all? Is there a member of this body,
who would stand up in any educated, m any intelligent and
right-minded circle whicli he respected, and avow that, for
his part, he must acknowledge that, looking back through
the glories and the atonements of two wars, his veins were
full of ill blood to England, that in pea^e he could not help
being her enemy, that he could not pluck out the deep-
wrought convictions and "the immortal hate" of the old
times.' Certainly, not one. And then, sir, that which we
feel would do no honor to ourselves, shall we confess for
our country
Mr President, let me say, that in my judgment this notion
of a national enmity of feeling towards Great Britain be-
longs to a past age of our history. My younger country-
men are unconscious of it. They disavow, it. That gene-
ration in whose opinions and feelings the actions an<3. the
destiny of the next are enfolded, as the tree m the germ,
do not at all comprehend your meaning, nor your fears, nor
your regrets We are born to happier feelings. We look
on England as we look on France, We look on thero, from
our new world, not unrenowned, yet a new world still; and
the blood mounts to our chceks; our eyes swim; our voices
are stifled withemulousness of so much glory; their trophies
will not let us sleep; but there is no hatred at all; no hatred,
all for honor, nothing for hate! We have—we can have—
no barbarian memory of wrongs, for which brave men have
made the last expiation to the bra^ e
No, sir: if public men. or any one public man, think it
their duty to make a war or cultivate the dispositions of
war towards any nation, let them perform the duty, and
have done with it. But do not say that there is an unfortu-
nate, morbid, impracticable popular temper on the subject,
which you desire to resist, but are afraid you shall not be
able to resist. If you will answer fo*' the politicians, I
think 1 will venture to answer for the people.
SPEECH OF MR. McDUPFIE,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA,
In Senate, June 15, 1844.—In reply to Mr. Ben-
ton's remarks on the second reading of the bill
introduced by the latter for the annexation of Tex-
as to the United States.
The bill having been taken up and read through
at his request, Mr. McDUFFIE addressed the Sen-
ate as follows:
Mr. President: I assure you, sir, with great sin-
cerity, that i never rose to address the Senate with
moie reluctance than I now do; and that nothing
less than a deep sense of the obligations of private
friendship and public duty could have induced me,
