June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
at this late hour of the session, to occupy another
moment upon an exhausted subject, which has been
finally disposed of for the present. If I had con-
sulted my own health and comfort, I should now
have been in my bed instead of standing in my place
to address the Senate.
The course of the senator from Missouri, I must
be permitted to say, has surprised me not a little.
The treaty of annexation having been rejected by
the Senate, all hope having -been extinguished of
an immediate annexation of Texas to the United
States, the honorable senator from Missouri submits
a bill to the Senate, and, instead of making an ar-
gument to sustain that bill, or any other bill to effect
the annexation of Texas to the United States, has
made the strongest and most uncompromising argu-
ment that could possibly have been,made against
the annexation at any future time without the
consent of Mexico. Indeed, the speech of the honor-
able senator consorts very strangely with a bill pur-
porting to be "a bill for the annexation of Texas to
the United States." I shall not pursue the honora-
ble senator through the whole range of- his topics;
because I am not aware that an argument which
has been repeated more than three times acquires
any additional force by the repetition. The honor-
able senator has made the body of his speech at least
two or three times over. I propose, therefore, to
confine myself to the new views presented by the
senator in his speech of yesterday, principally in
reference to the message which the President of the
United States sent to the other House, and the sug-
gestions of the President in that message.
I understood the honorable senator to charge the
President of the United States with perpetrating a
gross and indecorous violation of the dignity and
privileges of the Senate, m daring to make an ap-
peal from the judgment of this body: and, in order
to exhibit this outrage in still stronger colors, the
honorable senator has compared it to one of the
most offensive appeals ever made to the people of
the United States—that of an incendiary foreign
minister against General Washington's celebrated
proclamation of neutrality. I am really at a loss,
sir, to comprehend the process by which the hon-
orable senator has been able to trace any analogy
between these two cases. The phrenological bump,
which is called the bump of comparativeness, must
be most singularl) developed upon the head of that
honorable senator. A foreign minister makes an
appeal to the people of the United States to up
an insurrection against their constituted authorities.
The honorable senator regards this as perfectly
analogous to an appeal made by the President of
the United States (acting under his constitutional
obligations) to the popular branch of this govern-
ment, and to the people, of the United States, upon
a subject deeply and vitally affecting their interests.
No man, Mr. President, would be more pertina-
cious in standing up to vindicate the dignity of the
Senate than myself; but I think the dignity of every
branch of the government consists in recognizing
the rights of all other branches or departments; and
that we shall preserve our own dignity most effectu-
ally by a strict observance of the courtesy which is
due the chief executive officer of the government in
our official proceedings. What has been the course
of the President of the United States upon this sub-
ject? He submitted a treaty of annexation to the
"Senate of the United States, the proper authority to
ratify that treaty, aware, as he was, that this was
not the only mode by which Texas could be an-
nexed to the United States. The ratification of the
treaty required two-thirds of the Senate, and was re-
jected. It is known to the President, as it is known
to the honorable senator, that a more solemn form
of ratification, securing the sanction of the whole
government, would be by a joint resolution, passing
both Houses, and signed by the President; and I
should like to know what there is disrespectful to
the Senate, what there is inconsistent with the con-
stitutional duty of the President, after he has ascer-
tained that the treaty cannot pass the Senate, but
has actually been rejected, in submitting the whole
question to the popular branch of the national legis-
lature, in order that the people of the United States,
through their immediate representatives, might have
an opportunity of deciding upon it themselves? Sir,
this is a course in all respects perfectly respectful to
the Senate. He awaited our decision; and al-
though, in the progress of the debate here,
documents which he deemed material to the
enlightenment of the public were suppressed
in the Senate, yet he never made any commu-
nication of those documents until the final decision
of the Senate was made and published on this ques-
tion. It appears to me that it would be assuming
a great deal on the part of the Senate to say, under
these circumstances, that the President of the United
States had violated its privileges and dignity" by an
appeal to the popular branch of the national legisla-
ture, after the Senate had given its disapproval of
the proposed measure.. Has -the Senate of the
United States, sir, the prerogative right of the final
decision of great national questions? and are we to
regard the President as a'mere suiter at our bar, and
unauthorized to communicate with the other House
without obtaining leave to appeal from our decision?
I am utterly at a loss to conceive what view the sena-
tor from Missouri takes of the relations which exist
between the President of the United States and the
Senate. The Senate has adjudged the case, and
presented its decision; and upon this the honorable
senator conceives himself entitled as representing
the power and dignity of the Senate to stand up and
say "I am sir Oracle; when I open my mouth letno dog
bark." The President must be silent! The popular
branch of the legislature mustbesilent! The people
of the States must submit to the final irreversible
judgment of the Senate!- Much has been said, sir, of
the abuse of the veto power. By whom is it abused?
The veto power is expressly conferred upon the
President of the United States; and, as I conceive,
for wise and salutary purposes. But here, it seems,
we have assumed a veto power more sacred and
inviolable than any which has ever existed under
any government upon earth. By the Romam sys-
tem, the person of the popular tribune was held sacred,
and his negative power supreme. When he pro-
nounced the awful word "veto," all the other pow-
ers in the State were paralized and could proceed no
farther. According to the conception which the
honorable senator from Missouri seems to have in
relation to the veto power of this govern-
ment, that power exists in the Senate of the
United States. On this point I beg leave to
differ entirely from the honorable senator. That
power belongs to the President of ,the United
States, as well as the duty of presenting to Con-
gress recommendations relative to all great ques-
tions connected with our foreign relations. It belongs
to him exclusively to recommend to Congress what
he conceives will promote the interests of the country
in relation to these and all other questions. The
Senate cannot negotiate a treaty. It has no con-
stitutional power to take any steps whatever in re-
lation to treaties, or to annexation, unless by a
joint resolution. I humbly conceive, therefore,
Mr. President, that this charge, which seems to have
so deeply excited the honorable senator, of an in-
terference on the part of the executive with the
privileges of the Senate, is entirely without founda-
tion. 1 am at a loss to see why it is that, in intro-
ducing a bill for the annexation of Texas, the hon-
orable senator should direct his whole argument to
the denunciation of the defunct treaty. Why, sir,
we have strangled that treaty—it is dead. Why
now make war upon the ghost? We have, to be
sure, many instances in history to show that a
ghost is sometimes more terriUe than a living man.
C<esar was assassinated in the Roman Senate.
Those who slew him felt perfectly fearless while
taking the life of the living man; but when the
ghost of Ca?sar appeared to the leading conspirator,
and in the silence of night exelaimed, "I will meet
thee again, at Philippi'" he was thrown into de-
spair. And, Mr. President, if the ghost of this
treaty—if the ghost of Texas should present itself
here, to haunt the midnight couch of any senator,
to whom could it exclaim with more propiiety than
t ■) the honorable senator from Missouri, uEl tu
Brute!"
Mr. President, the honorable "senator has an-
nounced very truly to the Senate that he has been
for twenty-five years a friend of Texas; and he
seems to consider that ciroumstancc as giving him a
prescriptive and exclusive right to dispose of this
whole question and everything connected with it;
and in language, sir, which I have no doubt was not
offensively intended, but which, if it could be re-
garded as serious, would be very much so, lie stig-
matizes all the advocates of the annexation of Texas
as neophytes—new plants—recent converts—totally
incapable of judging of this great and vital question.
Indeed, sir, the honorable senator has substantially
said: "I invite you all to come and take lessons from
me!" He said m so many words: These neophytes
had better come to school to me on the subject of
annexing Texas! Now, Mr. President, I think I
heard the honorable senator once remark, that if
God had made him for any special purpose it was
to be a schoolmaster. . And if I wanted to learn
Spanish, French, or Italian, I do'nt know of a mas-
ter that I would select in preference tp the honora-
ble senator. But really this thing of putting sena-
tors to school to learn grave questions of statesman-
ship, after they have reached the age of forty-five or
fifty, is rather an awkward business. v The honora-
ble senator must excuse me if, much as I respect
his talents in that line, I do not consent to take~fe$-
sons on international law from him. But he went
on to intimate that we were strangely deficient of
the reasoning faculties, as exemplified by some of
the arguments which haveijeen maintained on this
side of the floor; and I understood him to beseech'us
all to try and exercise some little common sense, and
not repeat arguments which. were scarcely fit for
misses at a boarding school. Why, sir, this looks very
much like the school master in earnest. I agree
with the honorable senator in the estimate which he
places upon common sense. I have always regard-
ed it as the highest faculty of the human mind. The
success of all the truly great men in the world—Wash-
ington, Frederick the Great, Wellington, Napoleon,
and the like—will be found to have been owing al-
most entirely to this faculty applied to the great af-
fairs of war and statesmanship. Now, as the hon*
orable senator intimates that the advocates of the-
annexation of Texas are'destitute of this faculty, I
confess I feel this charge with some sensibility; for
if I were sure I had not that guiding star of the
mind, there is no other faculty which 1 would deem
worth having. To be sure, I have heard of very
brilliant men—who have made a dazzling display
before the eyes of nations—who had every kind of
sense but common sense.
But, sir, however powerful a man's imagination—
however brilliant his career—if he has not this
homely endowment, wo to the nation that places
its destiny in his hands. I regard this, therefore, as
the gravest charge of all; and I should be sorry to
believe that there is a portion of the Senate of the
United States, a majority in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and three-fourths of the people of the
United States against whom such a charge may be
justly made.
But the honorable senator, in his own exclusive
views of this subject, seems to have placed himself
in a very solitary or a very awkward position. In
the great division of parties, what shall we call the
honorable senator, and under what flag shall we
find him? Here I have a paper my hand, and it is
headed with the common motto of all the democratic
papers throughout the Union—"Polk and Texas,"
with an extract from Mr. Polk's letter in favor of
"immediate annexation," and General Jackson's
celebrated sentiment of "now or never." What
sort an impression would the honorable senator
make at a great popular meeting in the town of
Nashville, in favor of "Polk and Texas," with the
speech which he delivered the other day? I am
really afraid, sir, he will find himself brought un-
expectedly into strange company, and thrown in
with strange bed-fellows. I happened to pick- up
this morning a paper, in which j find' the following
placard, said to have been tacked to a court-house
door, hi Kentucky, by a whig candidate:
"John Brent, coon, has a sickly wife and eight small
children; is verv poor, afraid to steal, too lazy to wo*, i^i
fa\or of the tariff, hut against Te.\as: would like to be
elected to the legislature, but am fearful 1 shan't, a? the
State appears to be going for 'Butier anrt Texas"''
Now, as the two great parties are rallying for the
approchingcampaign, with "immediate annexation"
as one of the issues, it is to be apprehended that the
honorable senator will be thrown out of the dem-
ocratic position he has so ably occupied, although
he still stands in the front rank on all the other
great principles and measures of the democratic
party. But on this question of annexation I fear
the honorable senator, much against his own incli-
nation, will be inevitably thrown into conjunction
with those for whom has no natural affinity.
Mr. President, I must confess that the tone and
manner in which the honorable senator denounced
the President of the United States, and theSecretary
of State, struck me as extraordinary and unaccount-
able. The treaty had been consigned to the "tomb
of the Capulets." The question before the Senate
was the proposition to secure the annexation of
Texas in another mode; and instead of pursuing a
course that would give strength to his proposition,
the honorable senator has most bitterly, and in the
most unqualified terms, denounced the President as
if he were a pickpocket.
