CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
taidng.power-r-ttie greatest of all its powers—for the pur-
pose ©(enriching one portion of the country by taxes drawn
from the other not necessary for the support of the govern-
ment, the only alternative left was freedom or slavery; and
he would as soon be handcuffed and sold to a" Southern slave
market, as to have the people he represented handcuffed and
"fobbed by legislative enactment. Mr. K. then replied to the
various-arguments used in favor of the protective system,
and particularly noticed the argument that a high tariff re-
duced the prices of the manufactured articles to the con-
sumer.
Mr. PICKET, prompted by the great interest which his
constituents had in a protective tariff, proceeded to make
spine remarks in its favor. If the bill now before the com-
mittee should become a law, his constituents would be very
seriously injured. They had hoped that this subject would
not be agitated at the present session, but that they and the
country would have been left m the enjoyment of the bles-
sings of which the act of 1842 was so productive; but in that
Expectation they had been disappointed, for this bill had been
brought forward (notwithstanding the act of 1842 was pro-
ducing ample revenue for the government, and reviving the
trade and commerce of the countiy) against the wishes of
of the people, and of a majority ot the representatives on
his floor, who, early in the session, refused to instruct the
Committee of Ways and Means to report such a bill. The
object of this bill was evidently to break down one branch
of industry in the country—the manufacturing; and for
no other purpose, that he could discover, than to encourage
the labor and manufactures of foreign countries.
The act of 1842 had teen denominated an oppressive act;
but oppressive to whom? Western gentlemen told them
that their maikets were in foreign countries, and that if
foreign manufactures were excluded, the market for the
Western products would be closed. But what, he would
ask, was to prevent the export of western products7 for we
had no export duties. So far, then, there was no restriction
on that foreign tralic. But they were told that high duties
on foreign imports increased the cost of the foreign com-
modity, and became oppressive to the consumer. Now he
did not admit that, in all cases-, duties on foreign goods en-
hanced their price to the consumer. In some cases, the du-
ties fell on the producer; m others, partly on the the pro-
ducer and partly on the consumer; and in some oth-
ers, on the consumer alone. This was a matter that was
regulated by supply and demand; and, so far as the present
tariff'act was concerned, it had not operated a tax on the
consumer; for if the price had been increased,.it was so
inconsiderable an increase as not to be perceptible. But
suppose it did enhance the price: did the gentlemen of the
South and the West pay any more than the amount on the
articles which they consumed? Certainly not. But if the
gentlemen of the South or the West exported their staples
and imported foreign manufactures in return beyond the
amount foi their own consumption, was not the increased
price on the excess of imports beyond their own wants
prQductive of profits to those southern and western ex-
porters? How, then, was the South and the West oppress-
ed'' The South and the West were not alone consumers,
for, by published statistical tables, it was shown that the
middle, northern, and New England States wore the great-
est consumers. He then weitt into a long, elaborate argu-
ment, in the course, of which he quoted largely from Tuck-
er's Statistics to show the value and importance of the man-
ufactures of this country.
Mr. HUDSON entered into an elaborate argument in de-
fence of the protective system and the act of 1842.
He took notice of the reasons given by the Committee of
Ways and Means for exempting the articles of sugar and
iron from the general rule of reduction they proposed, and he
contended that the same reasons would show the necessity
of exempting m like manner all the other articles now pro-
tected by a high duty. There was no reason for continuing
the protection on sugar and iron, that would not show the
propriety^of continuing the protection on cotton, wool, &c.,
since the interest invested in these manufactures was as great
as that vested in the other. If iron was necessary for national
defence, as the committee alleged, were not the products of
herap.equally as necessary? Nor was this all, our seamen
and our soldiers must have clothing and shoes ; and it is just
as necessary for national defence to protect the woollen and
leather interests, as iron. The soldier, it is true, must have
muskets, but he must also have clothes, shoes, and hats.
But government was under no greater obligation in time of
war, or in preparation for war, to protect the interests of the
country, than in time of peace. Mr. H. next proceeded to
defend the tariff report of the Committee on Manufactures,
presented some days since by himself, which had been
assailed in the course of the debate.
Mr, COLLAMER moved an amendment, which led to
some conversational discussion, a d to the suggestion of
some points of order, to escape from which the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. DUNCAN next obtained the floor, and s>aid he had
various notes and some banners, prepared as the staple of a
speech, but, as the day was advanced and as it was Satur-
day, on which day some reduction of and relaxation from
labor was granted, even to slaves, he moved that the com-
mittee rise This would afford him an opportunity to make
greater preparation for his speech on Monday.
The committee accoidmgly rose and reported progress.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Several executive communications were presented to the
Houi-e by the Speaker.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. TIIOMASSON desired to say a few words, explana-
tory of the coime he felr it his duty to pursue in relation
to a subject of great public interest.
No objections being made-
Mr. THOMASSON said that he had received instructions
from a number of his constituents, instructing him to vote
for the annexation of Texas to the United States, and he
desired to lay them on the table and make some explana-
tions injustice to himself; because as at present advised, he
could ntft conform to those instructions; and because of
the peculiar manner in which this question had been mana-
' ged in his district.
The instructions were directed io himself, not in the
manner of a petition to Congress, but intended for his own
action, and were accompanied by a letter requesting him
to submit tfhem to the House, and to offer his views m re-
gard to the subject on which they treated. They, came
from some of the most respectable citizens of the county of
Carroll, in his district, and one of those who signed it
had, pending the last canvass for Congress, propounded
to him the question, what course he would pursue in
relation to the, annexation of Texas. He then expressed
the opinion that Texas should remain an independent
nation: and he did (so because he*Had rib reason to be-
lieve that Texas desired to be anpexed to the United States.
Since he had understood that Texas desired the annexation,
his opinions had become somewhat changed. ' He had no
constitutional scruples in regard to the annexation of that
country to the United States; and he wished to be under-
stood that he was for the annexation when the proper time
arrived. If it was to be accompanied by a war with Mexico,
he was against it, even if the consequence was the loss of
his seat here; if the annexation is to be with the consent of
Mexico, he was for it. If the question was to be with any
other nation besides Mexico, he was for the annexation, even
at the expense of a war. He understood that the armistice
which had subsisted for some time between Texas and Mex-
ico would soon be at an end; and it would soon be seen
whether Mexico intended to prosecute the war or not. If
Mexico recognised the independence of Texas, or consented
to the annexation, he would go for it; but not without. He
believed that we ought to treat Mexico with the same jus-
tice, and as religiously observe our treaty stipulations with
her, as if she was a stronger power. If Mexico appealed to a
third power m Europe, and that power should interfere,
then he was for annexation, even at the expense of war. In
fine, he took for his rule of action the principles laid down
in Mr. Monroe^s message, in which he speaks of the inter-
ference of European powers with the affairs of this conti-
nent. He would not consent that anyone of them should
either hold Texas, or interfere with the question between
this government and Mexico.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON asked what was the question
before the House. Was it in order to debate the subject of
Texas'?
The SPEAKER said there was no question before the
House, unless the gentleman from Kentucky presented his
instructions.
Mr. THOMASSON said that he would withdraw them.
On motion by Mr. SEYMOUR,
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were handed to
the reporters by the members presenting them :
By Mr. PEBLY B. JOHNSON: The petition of Zacha-
riali Lawrence, of Ohio, praying for compensation for the
capture of the British sloop Ventuie, m 1813.
By Mr. ROCKWELL: The memorial of 31 cilizens of
Alford, Massachusetts, praying for a reduction of the rates
of postage, and the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. St. JOHN: The petition of Anthony Brasher and
eighteen other citizens, of Crawford county, and State of
Ohio, asking the establishment of a mail route from Bucyrns,
in Crawford countv, Ohio, to Findldy, in Hancock county,
in the State of Ohio; also, the petition of Mr. Vance and
one hundred and sixty-five other citiv.ens of Crawford
county, asking the establishment of a mail route as above.
By Mr. SEYMOUR: The petition of Skelton Falton, of
Trov, New York, praying for a compensation for losses
sustained in the last war: referred to the Committee of
Claims.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May, 6, 1844.
Mr. SEMPLE presented a memorial from Joseph
Smith, of Nauvoo, Illinois, in favor of the annexa-
tion of Texaa, and the occupation of the Territory
of Oregon: referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from Joseph
Bell, of Louisiana, asking Congress to pass a law_
giving him permission to enter a certain tract of
land m the parish of Concordia, under the pre-emp-
tion law: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, presented a memorial from the members of
the bar residing in the western judicial district of
Indiana, asking Congress to pass a law abolishing
that judicial circuit; and to give to the eastern judi-
cial district jurisdiction over the whole State: refer-
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a memorial from a
large number of citizens of Ohio, representing that
the business of the country is in a more prosperous
condition since the enactment of the tariff of 1842,
than before, and that any modification of its provi-
sions would be disastrous, and expresses the liope
that no change may be made in it this session.
Mr. M. said he was happy to have it in his pow-
er, so far as he had heard any opinion expiessed, to
say that the wishes of the petitioners were likely to
be gratified: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. EVANS presented the proceedings arid reso-
lutions of a public meeting held in the town of
North Yarmouth, in the State of Maine, remonstra-
ting against the annexation of Texas to the United
States: referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition from the
Mexican Gulf Railroad company of Louisiana, and
of F. de Lismrdi & Co,, praying to be relieved frosn
the payment of diities on certain railroad" ironirft-
ported by said company: referred to the Committee
on Finance. -
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition from thirty
citizens of Wilmington1, Delaware, prayifig fi>r. the -
ratification of the treaty for the annexation of Texas
to the United States: referred to the Committee qri
Foreign Relations. - , ' "
Mr. STURGEON presented resolutions of the
legislature of Pennsylvania, requesting the senators
and representatives in Congress from that State to
use their influence to procure an early appropriation!
for rebuilding the piers at Port Penn, in the Dela-
ware river: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Adair county, State of Mis-
souri, asking Congress to make an appropriation to
improve the navigation of the western waters: .re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition from Scott county, - Missouri,
asking for the establishment of a mail-rotite from
Mills's point, Kentucky, to the-town of Benton, in
Scott county, Missouri: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial from sundry
citizens of the county of Rutland, Vermont, remon-
strating against any change of the present tariff: re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial nu-
merously signed by citizens of Bridgeport, Connec-
ticut, remonstrating against any change in the exist-
ing tariff: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BATES, from the Cotnmittee on Pensions,
made adverse reports in the cases of John Stone,
Martha Emmet and others, and Sarah Cardozft;
which were ordered to lie on the table and be print-
ed.
The bill to apply certain alternate sections of the
public domain towards the competion of works of
internal improvement in the State of Michigan, was
taken up as in committee of the whole, considered,
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the previous orders
of the day were postponed; and the bill to grant cer-
tain lands in the State of Indiana, the latter to ena«
ble the said State to extend and cotnplete the Wa-
bash and Erie canal from Terre Haute to the Ohio
river, was taken up q,s in committee of the whole,
considered, amended, reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed; and the bill from
the House for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Samuel Shannon, deceased, was taken
up as in committee of the whole, considered, re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be read a third
time.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the bill for
the relief of George Harrison and his sureties was
taken up as in committee ofthe whole; and after a few
remarks by Mr. C RITTENDEN in explanation of,
and in favor of the bill, and by Messrs. WRIGHT and
PHELPS in opposition to it, the last named sena-
tor proposed so to amend it, as to exclude an allow-
ance for certain clothing for which Harrison, as pay-
master, was responsible. The amendment was re-
jected; and the bill was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill for the relief of citizens of towns on the
lands of the United States, under certain circum-
stances—that is granting them pre-emption rights to'
town lots—came up in order before, tne Senate on
the question of engrossment. The bill was debated
by Messrs. HAYWOOD, JARNAGIN, PHELPS
and WOODBRIDGE, and passed over informally
till to-morrow.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr, MILLER gave notice that he would, on
Wednesday, call up the bill to recharter the banks
of the District of Columbia.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
The first bill among the special orders called up.
was that of Mr. McDuffie, for restoring the tariff
to the standard of the compromise act, the pending
question being on the resolutions of the Committee
on Finance for its indefinite postponement.
Mr. EVANS observed that the motion lay on
the table at present, to be called up at the in-
stance of any senator desirous of expressing his
views on the subject. He should merely i^ive notice
that to-morrow he would move to take up the res-
olutions that the senator from Alabama [Mr.
