590
'APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
JVavy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Hunt.
H. of Reps.
In the course of his argument, the honorable sena-
tor seemed to suppose that the President of the
United States, by making public certain secret doc-
uments which the Senate had refused to publish,
and from which they had refused to remove the in-
junction of secrecy, had committed'an outrage up-
on the privileges of the Senate. Upon what privi-
lege, I ask? The privilege of suppressing docu-
ments which the people ought to see? Sir, I must
be permitted to say, that the outrage was committed
by the Senate upon the President and the people.
Every effort to have these documents made public,
in common with the rest, was defeated by the ma-
jority; and it was not until they had been sent to the
other House that the Senator from Missouri made
a motion to remove the injunction of secrecy.
What reason is there that the President of the
United States should be inhibited from furnishing
any documents previously sent to the Senate, when
he chooses to communicate with the House of Rep-
resentatives? It was his right to make that commu-
nication; it was his duty to make it; and he would
have been unworthy of his place had he not made it.
The honorable senator has, for the second or third
time, denounced Texas for violating the alleged
armistice with Mexico, and the President and his
advisers for participating as accomplices in that out-
rage. And he has permitted his imagination to ob-
tain such an ascendancy over his judgment as to
regard this measure of annexation as an act equally
as atrocious as the violation of a flag of truce, by
murdering the ministers of peace, whose - persons
are held sacred by the most barbarous nations!
How, even if there were an existing armistice be-
tween Mexico find Texas, what would it stipulate?
Not to make war upon each other in the time speci-
fied. This is the whole sum and substance of an
armistice.
When Texas shall treacherously murder in cold
blood the soldiers or citizens of Mexico, while re-
posingon the faith of this truce, then, and not till
then, will the senator's denunciations against Texas
have a color of foundation to excuse them. In this
view of the subject, he will find a much better illus-
tration of violated truces in the conduct of Mexico
towards Texas, when several hundred brave sol-
diers, with their heroic commander, were deliberate-
ly shot down in express violation of the articles of
capitulation!
But how the honorable senator can torture the
formation of a treaty with a third power into a vio-
lation of a stipulation not to make war for a certain
time, totally battles my comprehension.
But the senator says we have interfered in the
holy work of peace; and exclaims, "blessed are the
peace makers." Now, sir, when I recollect the
charge made by him of a gross violation of the faith
of our treaties with Mexico by the President, and
of a gross personal insult offered to Lord Aberdeen
by the Secretary of State, I can hardly think the
honorable senator will come in for any share of his
own benediction. Indeed, if it had been his pur-
pose to produce an affair of honor between the
President and General Santa Anna, and the Secreta-
ry of State and Lord Aberdeen, he could not have
better adapted his means to his ends.
But, Mr. President, this whole argument on the
subject of the armistice appears to me to be totally
unfunded. The honorable senator from Missouri
argues that an armistice admits a war. If we had
no other evidence—if we were merely to hear that
two distant nations had made an armistice—we
might infer that they were at war when they made
it; it might be presumptive evidence; but is there
any court of justice in which presumptive evidence
.would be held conclusive against positive evidence?
We know the fact that there is no war between
Mexico and Texas; we know the fact that for eight
years there has been no war; and against this noto-
rious historical fact we are required to presume a
war, because the honorable senator chooses to assume
an armistice!
But the honorable senator seems to regard it as a
great presumption on the part of the President of the
United States to say that Mexico "chooses to consid-
er" Texas as a revolted province; and he emphatical-
ly asks, what right has the President to use such lan-
guage as this? The authority upon which the Presi-
dent of the United States uses this language is the
recognition of the independence of Texas by the
United States, and by four other great powers.
We have acknowledged Texas to be an independ-
ent State, endowed with all the faculties of an ac-
tual sovereignty; and in what languge could the
president speak upon this subject, if he were not to
speak of the claim of Mexico as a mere,claim? Can
we, who have recognised the independence of Texas,
declare that Mexico has a right to sovereign juris-
diction over her? We are bound on the contrary to
say that she has no such right. Our own solemn
act of recognition binds us to declare to the whole
world that Texas is an independent and sovereign
State, and we are to regard the conflict between
Mexico and Texas precisely as we would regard a
conflict between "Great Britain and France. If
we take part with Texas, or annex it to the
United States, we commit no more a violation of
good faith than we should by annexing any inde-
pendent power to the United States which might
happen to be at war with another.
The honorable senator, pursuing what he con-
ceives to be the various pretexts under which this
treaty of annexation was got up, has come to what
he considers the final pretext—the apprehensions of
the President of an alliance offensive and defensive
between Texas and Great Britain—which the hon-
orable senator seems to regard as one of the most
ridiculous delusions that ever entered the imagina-
tion of man. That so small a power as Texas—a
mere Tom Thumb among the nations of the earth—
should induce the mighty giant, Great Britain, to
enter into a treaty of alliance offensive and defensive,
seems to strike the senator as something farcical. To
be sure, Mr. President, if Great Britain could be sup-
posed to enter into such a treaty to.procure military
aid of Texas in prosecuting her wars in Europe and
Asia, that would be very absurd. The honorable
senator, however, who is well read in history, must
know that treaties of alliance offensive and defen-
sive are most frequently made between very power-
ful and very feeble nations, for the purpose otgiving
protection to the weaker nation, and in considera-
tion of commercial or other equivalents. Such a
treaty would be nothing more than a stipulation on
the part of Great Britain to maintain the indepen-
dence of Texas against the power of Mexico, in
consideration of the great commercial privileges and
preferences which Texas might grant in return.
This, instead of being a very extraordinary alliance
would be in all respects such an alliance as nations
might well make with each other; and if it should
be done to our injury, we shall have only to re-
proach our own folly for the misfortune
And now, sir, I will only remark in regard to the
particular measure which the honorable senator
has presented to the Senate, that it appears to me to
involve a palpable contradiction. The speech of
the honorable senator denounced it as a flagrant vi-
olation of the treaties subsisting between Mexico
and the United States to annex Texas without the
consent of Mexico; and yet the honorable senator
concludes Ins bill, as he calls it, by a proposition to
obtain the consent of Mexico if we can; but if we
cannot, to annex Texas without that consent,
whenever the Congress of the United States may
deem it unnecessary. Now, sir, I know of no sys-
tem of casuistry by which to distinguish the moral
turpitude of annexing Texas to the United Statesby
treaty, without the consent of Mexico, at this
time; and doing the same thing some ten or twelve
months hence, by an act or a joint resolution of
Congress. And I hardly think the honorable sena-
tor would be a very consistent negotiator, if he were
to go to Mexico with his bill and his speech in his
hand, saying to Santa Anna, "It would be a gieat
outrage to annex Texas to the United States with-
out your consent; but as Congress deems that con-
sent unnecessary, we shall take Texas whether you
give your consent or not."
REMARKS OF MR. HUNT,
OF NEW YORK.
In the House (<JRepresentatives,May 21, 1644.—On the
navy appropriation bill.
After offering the following amendment to the
bill:
ided That no rr.oro than onr half of the moneys ap-
propriated by this act shall be expended m the naval sen ice,
or drawnliom The treasury previous to the first day of Jan-
uary, 1S45, exec ptmsr the sums appropriated for improve-
ments and nectary repairs of navy 3 arris:"
Mr. HUNT addressed the House (in Committee
of the Whole) as follows:
Mr. Ciiairmax: In the observations which I am
about to submit, I intend chiefly to confine myself
to the considerations which have impelled me to
offer the pending amendment. The bill now under
discussion appropriates nearly six millions of dollars
for the naval service, for the fiscal year, commencing
on the first day of July next, and ending on the 30th
day of June; 1845. By its passage, we are about to
place at the disposal of the President a 'sum equal to
the ordinary support of the navy, not only during
the recess of Congress, but for a term extending
nearly seven months beyond the commencement of
the next session.
From disclosures recently made, the astounding
fact has been brought to the knowledge of this
House and the country, that the executive branch-of
the government has employed a large portion of our
naval force, and a considerable military detachment,
in hostile demonstrations towards a nation with
whom we are at peace, and towards whom we are
under the highest obligations arising from a subsist-
ing treaty of amity and alliance. A fleet has been
ordered to concentrate upon the waters of Mexico,
to observe the movements of that'government, to dis-
play itself occasionally at and before Vera Cruz,
and in certain contingencies.to take an active part in
the hostilities between Mexico and Texas. By this
high-handed proceeding, our government is placed
in a posture of war, by the mere act of the President,
without the knowledge of the people, or the constitu-
tional sanction of their representatives.
It is a daring usurpation by the executive of a
power which the constitution has especially confided
to the legislative .branch of the government. The
war-making power is the peculiar prerogative of
Congress, and in the purer days of the republic its
unauthorized assumption by the chief magistrate
would have been speedily followed by impeachment
and degradation from office. It is under these re-
markable' circumstances, wholly unprecedented m
our annals, and whilst a part of our navy is in the
actual executions of orders given in violation of our
own constitution and the law of nations-, that we
find ourselves engaged in the discussion of a bill
which places large means at the discretion of the
executive, enabling him to proceed in the reckless
career upon which he has entered, and to continue,
perhaps consummate, the outrages which he has
commenced. In my view, sir, it would be m«*re in
harmony with the occasion, more becoming the
character of this body, to deliberate upon suitable
measures to assert its dignity and maintain its con-
stitutional powers and responsibilities against the
lawless encroachment of executive domination.
Shall we, as representatives of the American peo-
ple, tamely submit to this invasion of our rights and
suffer the executive department to arrogate powers
which were wisely withheld by the framers of the
constitution, without a word of censurc or rebuke?
"Whilst no plea of necessity will justify a palpable
usurpation of power by any branch of the govern-
ment, it might perhaps palliate the enormity of the
recent executive proceedings, if some critical emer-
gency had required the sudden employment of mili-
tary force to avenge the honor or defend the un-
doubted rights of the nation. But the case in ques-
tion presents no feature of extenuation. I have said
that we are at peace with Mexico. That power has
furnished us no apology for a resort to arms or even
for an attempt at intimidation She has fufilled her
treaty obligations with honorable fidelity. The
sums awarded to our citizens as an indemnity for
former depredations on our commerce, have been
paid thus far as the instalments matured, with u
degree of promptitude which is well worthy of mu-
tation. She has taken no steps inconsistent with
those relations of amity which both governments
were alike bound to respect. In the adoption of
warlike measures, without excuse or provocation,
our government has incurred a fearful responsibility
before the civilized world. The American charac-
ter will suffer disgrace, I fear indelible disgrace, in
the enlightened opinion of mankind, by a disregard
of justice and a violation of that honor and good
fillih which constitute the highest glory of nations.
It seems to be conceived that the weakness of
Mexico exonerates us from all moral obligation to
observe the faith of treaties or to respect the usages
of civilized nations. Tn selecting an inferior power
as the object of rapacity and injustice, we display a
base and unmanly spirit which heightens the atrocity
of the aggression.
c,He is thrice armed who hath his quariel just,"'
but if we renounce the immutable principles of truth
and right, and engage in an unholy crusade of plun-
der and conquest, we can neither appeal to the pa-
triotic sentiment of our people, nor invoke upon our
arms the protection of heaven.
Is it for an object worthy the efforts of a great
and free people that the President is prepared t$
