578
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
yet the committee omitted to notice it. He now-
appealed to the gentleman from North Carolina to
state that fact.
Mr. SAUNDERS said that the reply of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, and the manner of the reply,
were both taken into consideration by the commit-
tee; but they had not deemed it necessary to say
anything about the manner of either of the gentle-
men. With regard to the tone of voice in which the
gentleman from Kentucky used the remark impu-
ted to him in the report, it was true, as the gentle-
man said, that he spoke in a low tone of voice; but
inasmuch as the gentleman spoke sufficiently loud
to be heard by Mr. Ratabcn, and those immediate-
ly near him, the committee did not consider it of any
importance whatever.
Mr. WHITE said he would ask if it was not the
determination of the committee, at one time, not to
make any other report than the testimony. He had
understood this, and it struck him with surprise
this morning when he heard the gentleman from
North Carolina make the report he did.
Mr. W. said that, under the pledge given to the
gentleman from North Carolina, he would renew
the call for the previous question; but inasmuch as
the gentleman would not agree to correct his report,
he hoped the House would vote down the motion
for the previous question. The report did him in-
justice in the particular he had noticed, and he
wished to move to correct it. If the report went
abroad in the present shape, it would be of no ser-
vice to him to correct it a fortnight hence.
Mr. ELMER asked,"if the subject should be laid
on the table, if it woufd be in future a privileged
question, to be taken up at any time by a majo-
rity.
The CHAIR said that it would.
Mr. WELLER desired to know if either of the
gentlemen, particularly interested in the report, de-
sired to speak on the subject. If so, it would be
manifestly unjust to sustain the call for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. RATHBUN observed that he was perfectly
willing that the call for the previous question should
be sustained.
The question was put on seconding the call for the
previous question, and carried—ayes 74, nays 38;
and the main question having been ordered,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and the question was
then taken, ana resulted in yeas 117, nays 54.
Mr. PETTIT moved a reconsideration of the vote
just taken ; and he did go, he said, more with the
view of giving expression to his opinion than with
any expectation of carrying the question of recon-
sideration. His object was to point out the incon-
sistency between the report of the committee and
the resolution appended to that report. It would be
recollected that, on the evening when this disas-
trous difficulty occurred, he suggested that this
House had no power to punish by imprisonment.
He held this doctrine yet; and it was th*e only doc-
trine by which the liberty of the subject could be
secured. A majority, however, decided otherwise.
The objection he made was, that the report of the
committee recognises the power of the House to
imprison until the end of the session; taking for grant-
ed that the individual was guilty, without allowing
him an opportunity to defend himself. If the House
had this power, they ought not to adopt this resolu-
tion. If they had the power to redress an indignity'of
this nature, they ought to redress it; but he would
endeavor to show why it was that they had not the
power.
Mr. SAUNDERS interposed, to say that the re-
port did not express an opinion as to whether the
man was guilty or not.
Mr. PETTIT continued. The report expressed
the opinion that the House had a right to imprison.
Mr. SAUNDERS remarked that that question
had been decided by the Supreme Court.
Mr. PETTIT said there were other cases as well
as that, where the Supreme Court had decided er-
roneously. That court decided that the alien and
sedition laws of the elder Adams were constitutional.
Let him not be referred to the decision of the Su-
preme Court so long as its benches were filled by
federal judges. If it were true that an offence had
been committed within this House, and the House
had die power to punish the offender, this resolu-
tion ought never to have disgraced the House. The
House, at a moment when they are exasperated and
enraged, might do more, at one fell blow, to bring
themselves into disgrace and disrepute, than could be
effected by any other possible means. Gentlemen
referred to the power of the British Parliament.
They had better refer to the instrument under which
ther held their seats upon that floor.
Mr. STEWART called the gentleman from In-
diana to order for irrelevancy.
Mr. PETTIT continued to make some further re-
marks, and then moved the previous question on
his motion; on which 51 voted in the affirmative.
Tellers'were called for, and Messrs. Stewart and
McClernand were appointed; and they reported 68
in tiie affirmative, and 34 in the negative—being
less than a quorum.
The SPEAKER said it was evident there was a
quorum present; and he requested gentlemen to vote
on either one Side or the other.
The vote was again taken; and 80 voted in the
affirmative, and 35 m the negative.
So there was a second.
The main question was also ordered to be put,
and the question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider, which was negatived.
Mr. WHITE inquired if the select committee
had consented to make the alteration in their report
which he had suggested.
Mr. SAUNDERS replied that there was no ob-
jection to the alteration; but the committee would
insist on making still further alterations.
Mr. WHITE said he felt constrained to offer a
resolution for the recommitment of this report, with
instructions to insert words descriptive of the tone
of v®ice in which he used the words that were attrib-
uted to him. He would not have made this motion,
if there had been any discrepancy in the testimony
of the witnesses on that point.
Mr. HAMLIN rose to a point of order. The
previous question had been moved, and sustained
by the House, on the report of the committee and
the resolution; and therefore it was not competent
for the gentleman from Kentucky to go >n with this
debate.
A conversation ensued between Mr. WHITE
and the SPEAKER, in relation to the position of
the business before the House.
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution and
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky were not
now in order; and he announced the question to be
on the motion to lay the report on the table, with
the accompanying documents.
Mr. WHITE asked the permission of the gentle-
man from North Carolina to have such a correction
made in his report as would accord with the admis-
sions of that gentleman himself.
Mr. SAUNDERS said that his motion was, that
the report and accompanying documents be laid on
the table and printed.
After some coversation between Messrs. WHITE
and SAUNDERS,
Mr. WHITE modified his motion to recommit,
by moving to recommit without instructions.
Mr. C. JOHNSON rose, and was recognised by
the CHAIR; but yielded to
Mr. RATHBUN, who submitted the following
amendment:
And report all the lanuuage used by Mr. "White to Mr.
Rathruv-; and also whether Mr. W. din not, at the instant
of his answering Mr.R., raise his hand, and attempt to strike
lnm.
Mr. CAYE JOHNSON said this matter seemed
to be treated as if it was only a controversy be-
tween the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. White,]
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Rathbbn,] and
the gentleman at the head of the select committee,
[Mr. Saunders.] The whole question, so far as the
order and dignity of the House were concerned, was
overlooked; and no person seemed to have thought
that the House should take any steps to vindicate
its own violated order. He thought the matter
should be taken up in the House and discussed, and
that the House should consider whether it would
take any further steps to vindicate its dignity. He
confessed he heard the report of the committee
with surprise. He expected that they would have
recommended some course of action to the House,
instead of confining themselves to a mere report of
the facts. He thought, that instead of recommitting
the report, it would be better to fix upon some day
for acting on it. He had no earthly feeling in re-
gard to this subject further than it might comport
with the character and dignity of the House, and
the influence it might have on the institutions of the
country.
Mr. A. STEWART moved the previous ques-
tion; but at the earnest request of Mr. White,
withdrew it to enable him to offer some remarks.
Mr. WHITE said that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. C. Johnson] had very calmly risen
here, and delivered a very graceful lecture to the
House on the subject of decorum, dignity, and or-
der. The gentleman said that it was not a question
between the gentleman from New York and him-
self, (Mr. White,) but a question of the order and
dignity of the House. This swelled in the bosom
of the gentleman from Tennessee, and he told the
House that he was not for suppressing the matter,
but for such action as the dignity and character of
the House required. Did not the gentleman, twenty
minutes ago, vote for the previous question to stop
debate, and not unwilling to order the committee to
correct an important error? Now, he wished the
geatleman from Tennessee to understand, and the
House to understand, tha the wanted no man's voice
silenced on this question. He (Mr. W.) did not
vote for the previous question. He wanted the
whole truth brought out; and whatever it might
be, he was prepared to bear it, not only ill
the face of the House, but of the civilized world.
Whilst he said this, he should ever protest _ against
the palpable injustice that report had done him. He
would not have wished the committee to state any
facts but such as were not disputed—such as there
was no conflicting testimony in regard to. On
this subject there was a variety of <jonflicting_ testi-
mony; but the fact he wished to b* noticed in the
report was one about which there was no dispute.
All the witnesses concurred in regard to it. The
committee had reported the offensive language he
used to the gentleman from New York, and the epi-
thet accompanying it, leaving it to be inferred that it
was loud enough to be heard by the whole House,
and thereby violating its order; while in fact the epi-
thet he used was intended for the ear of the gentle-
man from New York alone. I, said Mr. W., lean-
ed down to the gentleman from New York, and
whispered the offensive remark in his ear, and it
was only heard by him and by the few gentlemen
immediately around him. If, however, the report
should go out as it is, he should stand condemned
as having been guilty of conduct creating disorder
and confusion, and to the annoyance of the whole
body.
Mr. SAUNDERS made some remark, which was
not distinctly heard.
Mr. WHITE said he wished to state, that when
he used the expressions to the gentleman from New
York referred to in the report, he was as cool and
collected as he was this moment. He knew what
he was about at the time, and replied to what he
supposed was intended as an insult in what he con-
sidered a proper manner. He leaned down and
whispered the reply in the gentleman's ear, intend-
ing no one to hear it but the gentleman himself.
He had now a word to say to the orderly gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr.C. Johnson.] He wished to call
the attention of the House to a scene in which the
gentleman cut a figure not very long ago. There was
a scene of disorder in the House on the occasion he
referred to, and the gentleman was part and parcel
of it. It was too obvious, too notorious, to have es-
caped the notice of most of the gentlement present,
and the epithets that were hurled backwards and
forwards by the two gentlemen engaged could not be
forgotten.
Mr. C. JOHNSON. I should like to know what
the gentleman alludes to.
Mr. WHITE. Could the gentleman have for-
gotten what took place between him and the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes'] Of all
the gentlemen on that floor whose mouths should
have been closed on the subject of order and deco-
rum, the gentleman from South Carolina, who, the
other day, moved his (Mr. W.'s) expulsion, and the
gentleman from Tennessee, who now discoursed so
eloquently on the subject of order and decorum,
should at least be silent. Had it escaped the memo-
ry of the gentleman that a scene of this nature took
place between him and the gentleman from South
Carolina on the floor of the House? The gentleman
surely could not have forgotten it, nor the epithets
that he and the gentleman used on that occasion.
He wished to call the attention of the gentleman
from Tennessee to another fact. While he used the
epithets to the gentleman from New York in a low
tone of voice, the epithets that passed between the
gentleman -and the gentleman from South Carolina
were loud enough to be heard in the northwest part
of the hall, where he sat. Mr. W., after a few
more remarks, said he wanted the matter sifted to
the bottom; and if they were going to rectify the
morals of the House, let us,(said he) take up all the
disorders that have occurred^ He therefore would
