Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Severance.
H. of Reps.
stitution of the United States, but by virtue of the positive
law of the States in which they are found; and with these
States alone rests the power to legislate over the whole
subject, and to give to them or take from them—either from
the whole or any part or number of them—those already
there? or those that may be introduced thereafter—in whole
or in part, the character of merchandise or property, at
their pleasure; and over all which State regulation Congress
has not the slightest power whatever."
What, then, becomes of the argument of the gentleman
from Mississippi, that a State cannot abolish slavery, or that
of the gentleman from North Carolina, that the 5th article
of the amendments of the United States constitution is a pro-
hibition upon the States7 Have they a particle of. ground
on which to stand?
The gentleman from Mississippi said it was not in the-
powerof Congress, he thanked God, nor of the abolitionists
of England oi of this country, to take his private property
from him. Sir, it may not be in the power of the abolition-
ists of England, unless by force, and it certainly is not
within the constitutional power of1 Congress; but the peo-
ple of Mississippi can do it, should they happen to become
abolitionists, f know the constitution of Mississippi says it
shall not be done, without providing compensation; but the
people of Mississippi can alter their constitution.
The gentleman from Mississippi has enlarged somewhat
on certain statistics of the last census, from which it seems
to be inferred that a large "portion of the black population
go crazy as soon a& thf y aie set fiee, and that the only-way
to preserve their intellectual vigor and usefulness, in the
mental world, i& to keep them in a state of servitude. This
is a notable discovery, and has always been laid before the
world in a southern review. But, unfortunately for the
theory which has been so carefully elaborated, it is all
founded, in error; it has all resulted from misplacing
a few small columns of figures in the census of 1840.
The error has been exposed for months, and it is rather
a matter of surprise that the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, as well as the senator [Walker] from that State,
who has lately published a pamphlet in favor of the admis-
sion of Texas into the Union, should have overlooked the
refutation of the theory, and the correction of the error on
which it is founded. Here is a specimen of the error. In
Maine, where I really never saw an insane colored man, the
gentleman says, that one in fourteen are insane or idiots. I
will show you a specimen of the mistakes which prevail.
These errors were originally pointed out in the Boston
Daily Advertiser, some time last summer, and have since
been noticed in various publications. Here are six towns in
Mftine, which are thus entered on the census of 1840:
- Total colored
Towns. inhab. Colored insane.
Limerick 0 4
Lymington - - 1 2
Scarboro' 0 6
Poland 0 2
Dixfield --- - 0 4
Calais - — - - 0 I
Total --- - 1 19
It is easy to get a large per centage of colored insane and
idiots by making nineteen insane and idiots out of one who
is probably sane.
That a cold climate is not as- congenial as a warm one to
a race of people who originated within the tropics, and under
the burning sun and perpetual summer of Africa, 1 am not
dis>po&ed to deny; noi that, among all races of men, there is
more proneness to insanity, where the mind is powerfully
exerted, than there is in the stupid condition of the slave,
where intellect is never cultivated or encouraged. The
argument has been used her© and elsewhere, that emanci-
pation, in the southern States, would result in deluging
the North with manumitted ' slaves—a great error, as
I conceive. The entire current ot colored emigration
would always set strongly to the South, as that of the
whole population of New England does to the West, but for
the existence of slavery in the South. This it is which turns
that current of emigration against its natural oouse. But
for this we should see no African colonists m the cold re-
gions of Canada. They fly to an ungenial climate to avoid
slavery, and the oppression ot their race, wheie it exi&ts.
The gentleman from Mississippi also quoted some author-
ity to show that there was a much larger proportion oi con-
victs in Philadelphia among the black population than
among the white, especially lor petty offences. It may be
that a large proportion of white offenders escape punish-
ment, while the poor negroes are selected for examples.
There are', however, ampfe reasons, in the circumstances in
which the colored population are placed, the position they
occupy in society, and the prejudice against color, which
serve to degrade them and take away the ordinary motives
of emulation and ambition which stimulate all not maiked
by their color, to account for a greater disregard of the re-
quirements of government. The serfs of Russia, though
white, are said to be all liars and thieves. At least, this is
the account their masters give of them, and they offer it as
a reason for refusing to emancipate them.
The gentleman from Mississippi also told us of the happi-
ness and innocence of the slaves of his State. 1 He said
"scarcely a farmer an Mississippi ever locked his door; they
knew not the use of locks there; their pantries and their
granaries were never locked, or, if locked at all, it was m
the neighborhood of some petty town chiefly settled by
Yankees." , ,
Sir I am glad to hear there is so much honesty, so
much confidence and Arcadian simplicity among the
yeomanry of Mississippi. I am happy to believe, and
I thank God it is so, that the same honesty and confi-
dence generally prevail in all parts of the United States
in the rural districts. I have seen it myself. And I am
not quite prepared to admit the superior morality ot
Mississippi over Yankee land. It is true we have had some
men among us of doubtful morality. Occasionally, they
have fled to the South; some to evade the payment of their
debts, and some to avoid the penalty of their crimes. It is
not impossible that some of them, particularly the former,
may have taken up their residence in some of the ' -petty
towns5' of Mississippi. No doubt we still have some such
us: hjit we can ^afoly ssy, I thinkj thsi have s
\88)
large majority of honest men in all our eastern States, a.
majority, which no man believes can ever be changed,-who
not only are willing to pay their individual debts, but are
willing to be taxed to pay the debts of the State which their
legal representatives have contracted. In Mississippi, 1 am
soiry to say, the majority is the other way. Sir, in Maine, our
State credit is so good that our treasurer is now-paying a
premium of two and a half per cent., on our own State six per
eent. stock which has only a year to run. He cannot get it
of the holders on lower terms. Is the stock of Mississippi
above par7 Sir, I hope, if the government of that State is in
the hands of the fugitive Yankees, in the "petty towns,"
that the honest people of the hamlets, who never lock their
doors, will take the government of the State into their own
hands and ledeem its credit, until it shall be as free from
dishonor as the States of New England, all of whose stocks,
that have any, are above par, notwithstanding the diuk
shade thrown upon American credit generally by the con-
duct of &ome of the States ofthis Union.
The gentleman made himself quite merry upon another
matter. He told us that the ladies of Rehoboth, Massachu-
setts, had petitioned to have the law repealed which pro-
hibited intermarriages between blacks and whites, and that
it had been repealed. This is true. It was repealed. And
why should it not? Is there any law of that kind in Missis-
sippi? I believe not, and probably not in any southern
State. Will it be said that such a law is necessary is-Mas-
sacliusetts, and liot at the South? Is such a law there as
superfluous as a law against parricide among the ancient
Romans, because the crime was never heard of? Then how
comes it, I would like to know, that we every where see
such a mixing of races, and so many shades of color every-
where at the South—
[Mr. Campbell, of South Carolina, (in his seat,) said:
"Have you seen it every where at the South? "VVheie have
you seen it?"]
Mr. Severance. I see it here in this District. I have not
been in all the southern States, but have seen quite a variety
of colors wherever I have been. There is no doubt of the
fact. Is it the effect of climate? The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Duncan] told us, the other day, that it was three hun-
dred years since the negro had been taken from his native
climate and carried into the temperate zones, and in all that
time his skin was as black, and his other peculiarities the
same as ever. Sir, this does not accord with my observa-
tion. I see a great change going on, not, however, affecting
all individuals alike. Some retain their original conforma-
tion and color, but others have become almost white. I
suppose it cannot be by amalgamation, for some gentlemen
have a great abhorrence of that. It must be the effect of
climate, for the instance is rare, indeed, that the child is of
darker hue than its mother.
There was another remark of the gentlei*an from Mis-
sissippi which struck me as worthy of notice. Speaking of
the South, he said:
"Deny to them justice in the protection of their property,
or in relieving them from unjust taxation, and there was
.another quarter that would feel their weakness. "If this
Congress rose without doing them-justice, they would see
tke day when they would rue it. He called upon the demo'
cratic purtion of this Congress to open their eyes and act
upon this subject."
Well, now, here is something quite serious threatened.
What is to be the penalty of all these neglects and ottiis-
sions? Who is to "rue it?" Not the whigs, I suppose, for
the warning seems to altogether directed to the "democratic
portion of this Congress" from the North; and the meaning
of it, I suppose, is, that if the northern friends of the Sage
of Lindenwald do not vote to cut down the tariff, and do
not vote to retain the 21st rule, he cannot have the vote of
the South.
Mr. Hammet. I did say anything about the Sage of Lin-
denwald.
The Speaker. Does the gentleman from Maine yield the
floor?
Mr. Severance. I do not. I want all my hour. Of course
he did not mention the sage, but what else did he mean?
We shall see if these wainings are heeded. The country
will see.
The gentleman from Mississippi, and other gentlemen
from the South, have lepeatudlv called upon the "northern
democracy" to stand by the South in the protection of her
institutions. No calls are made upon the whigs of the
North. Now, sir, I do not assume to answer for them, Imt
for one, while I declare my opposition to slavery, and desire
to see the end of it, I avow the belief that the most danger-
ous foim of abolition is to be found in the avowed prin-
ciples of this northern democracy, if there is any consis-
tency and sincerity in these principles. The whigs are all
"law and order" men, they are not opposed to reform; not
opposed to the corrcction of abuses; not opposed to the ad-
vancement of the principles of human libeuy and equality;
but they wish to advance safely and cautiously holding on
to what they have till they get something better; not mad-
ly and blindly plunging headlong into the wildest anarchy.
How is it with this northern democracy, whose aid is now
courted? Possibly enough of them may now be induced,
by temporary advantage, to sacrifice the right of petition;
but gentlemen from the South will find them dangerous al-
lies, if they bring their principles with them. These have
been practically illustrated in the case of the Rhode Island
controversy. Acting upon thts subject, the legislature of
Maine, in 1842, adopted a report, from which I will read an
extract:
"We understand that the action of a majority of all the
people, without appeal to or interference by the constituted
authorities, is alone sufficient to abolish and institute gov-
ernments; that as constitutions are above the authorities
and the laws, so are the people above all constitutions."
The next year, March, 1843, resolutions were adopted, by
a strictly party vote, m the House, on the last night of the
session, declaring that a majority of the people have a right
to assemble at any time, and, in any way they think proper,
change the form of government. Under this doctrine, with-
out the consent of the existing authorities—without any
previous constitutional or legislative action—without any
provision to prevent frauds- -without any regard to existing
Jaws deiining what portion of the people shall vote; and, on
tU^ir own declaration that tl^y have a majority pf the peo-
ple, they may proceed to make a new constitutioirr$iid''or-
ganize a new government, taking possession of fee public
treasury and public property by-fbrce, "if necessary.. Tills
has been attempted in Rhode Island; and-the legislature of
Maine, the legislature of New Hampshire, and divers other
legislatures in which the same pa#y were in power, took
the efeme ground. Mr. Van B'uren himself did not think it
btyaeath him to give a very encouraging response to a letter
from the Rhode Island insurgents, and to give his counte-
nance to this new mode of aiteringx-State constitutions—a.
mode which, if applied to the-Unitfe&^States cofistiUEtiosi,
might facilitate the alteration proposed the •Mas&acliH*
setts legislature, as it would save ^^'disagreeable necessity
of obtaining the yotes of three-fourthsr?dT the States; for a
bare majority of -any sort of people, of the whole, t/nion,
would be sufficient. '
Politicians of this stamp, oil whose aid southern gentle-
men are now relying, are constantly denouncing the wliig's
as the aristocracy, and seeking to excite the prejudices of
the poor against the rich as tneir natural enemies.' Kqw
will this answer in the South'*
Who are the aristocracy theie, and who are "the democ-
racy? Surely the aristocracy must be those who. not only
own,the land, but the laborers on the laud; while the'poor,
the -democracy , though the most numerous, own neither
land nor laborers, and being in a region where labor does
not hold its just rank, they may become politicians, and
adopt the Rhode Island mode of changing their government.
Suppose they should do so—declare- the existing govern-
ment at an end, and resort to force to maintain the new one:
they would, of course, summon all the means, in their
power. What 'these would be, i  a desperate struggle, I
hardly need indicate. It is obvious that the' relations of
master and slave could not long continue undisturbed in
such a conflict, unless the freemen-of the North came to the
support of the old or the new government.
Slavery throughout all the Spanish American States >vas
ended either in the war for independence, or the civil com?
motions which followed. Morillo, the Spanish general,
set the example in Venezuela, by offering liberty to all the
slaves who would join the royal forces. The patriots made
the same offer in self-defence. The example was followed
elsewhere, and the last vestige <Jf personal slavery on the
southern continent, Brazil excepted, has, I believe, recently
been ended, in the war between the Argentines and the in-
habitants of Uruguay.
These are not examples for us. Let us rather look, to
peaceful legislation—to the civilization of theage—to the
onward progress of liberal opinions, «nd of prompt, con-
scientious action on the principles of justice and humanity.
Sir, I think I have shown that Congress has" the J>ower
to abolish slavery in the District, and J have no hesita-
tion in avowing my opinion, that it is the duty of Con-
gress to do so. The difficulty certainly cannot be insur-
mountable, when we consider'that there are less than 4.700
slaves in the District, in apopulation of54,000— a population,
I would fain believe, to a' great extent, already favorably
disposed to the object, if we may judge by presentments of
grand juries, in times past, against the domestic slave trade,
and thefacttliat, in 1SSS, a petition far the suppression of that
trade by Congress was signed by one thousand inhabitants
ofthe District. Fortified, too, &s<we are, in the action of
the legislature of Pennsylvania, in 1828, the assembly of
New York in 1829, th,e legislature of Massachusetts m 1837.
and since; the legislature of Vermont at "divers times, and
the house of representatives of Maine, in 1S38—all passing
resolves that slavexy ought to be abolished in the District
of Columbia, the seat of the federal government; the propo-
sition cannot be regarded as either new or unreasonable.
Nor is it anything of which the southern people have any
right to complain, more than they have of the abolition of
slavery" oI Pennsylvania. The example can be no other-
wise dangerous to them than it would show vividly before
their eyes, here in the capital of the nation, the vast differ-
ence between the impulsive energy of a free community
and the paralyzing influence of slavery.
The District could be made one of the most flourishing
communities in the whole Union. Now the three cities de-
rive almost all their importance from their position at and
near the seat of government Their commerce is small,
their manufactures less, yet the cripacity ot both is great.
The Potomac, at Georgetown, affords a better water power
than the Merrimac, at Lowell. Subsistence is cheaper here
than there, a magnificent river below, a fertile country
above, abounding in coal and iron. The- mountains of Vir-
ginia are near, which might be covered with flocks of
sheep, all together affording every facility fgr manufactures
of wool, cotton, andiron, almost without limit. AM that is
wanting is an investment of northern or European capital,
and an opportunity for the labor of artisans of every sort
from Europe and the North;- for enterprising men and inge-
nious mechanics. These will not come here where labor
is regarded as servile. The northern mechanic will not put
himself on a level with a slave. He will choose rather to
go to the West, or stay at the North. But, abolish slavery,
and keep up the American system, and all the springs of in-
dustry will be put in motion here, in the very centre and
heart of thefrepublic. imparting, by its strong pulsations,
life and vigor to the farthest extremity of the Union, and
securing, for untold ages, the permanent .establishment oi
the seat of government, in the chosen citytof the r ather ot
his Countrv. . . .
Surely t£e southern States will not be so unreasonable as
to insist that we must uphold slavery here to keep them m
countenance, and that we must not abolish it here till everv
southern State Has done it; that the seat of government ot
this creat and free republic must be the last refuge of sla-
very after it lias been abolished by all the monarchies of
Europe, and even by the pirates of Barbary. W e have de-
lavedit too long already; much longer than the patriots of
the revolution contemplated, even those of the South. Let
us take the matter into serious consideration. The people
of the Union are doing so; and if we arc laggard in ourSuty,
other menwill take our places.
The gentleman from -South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] told
us when the discussion upon this subject began, that the
wave of northern abolition was rolling in upon the South,
and threatened her institutions with destruction; and the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] when he afifeeted to
give up the contest in this Hepsf, said th,e South
