594
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Cobb.
H. of Reps.
dwarfed by the census, and no longer controlled the politi-
cal destinies of the country. Sir, it is true that the South
has been comparatively dwarfed by the census of 1840, and
will be still more dwarfed by the census of 1850, though she
may possibly retain, for a while, her ascendency, or equal
numbers, in the Senate, by extending the dwarfing process
over a greater extent of territory to be acquired in the
southwest. But even if this be done, as I trust it will not
be, the wave of free .northern and of European population
•will 'press onward* a$d preponderate more heavily at each
■decennial term, i . -
■ Sir, there is said to bfi'"a law in physics, that every tenth
wave, as it rolls in.upon the ocean snore, comes higherand
heavier than either of the nine preceding. "Whether this
really be a law of the elements or not, it is certainly true
of our political statistics. Every tenth wave, now
that the lirfnts of slavery have been reached on
the southwest, will press heavier and stronger
on the federal numbers of that institution. No cunning or
artifice can evade this law of natural increase. The free
yeomanry and artisans of the North, who get their living by
their labor, will not migrate to the regions of slavery.
Hence the great current of their emigration keeps north-
ward of Mason and Dixon's line, and continues northward of
the Ohio river. The South will continue to be dwarfed by
a sparse population, thinly spread over a wretchedly culti-
vated soil, without arts or manufactures, while the industry
of the country i« confined to the unwilling labor of slaves.
"What has given the "Great West" such an almost miracu-
lous increase? We may look to the ordinance of 1787 for
the grand secret. That prohibited slavery in all the vast
and fertile territoiy noithwest of the Ohio, obtained from
"Virginia. One single State, since made from that territory,
lias now twenty-one representatives on this floor, while Vir-
ginia herself, larger in territory, has only fifteen. Illinois,
a State of but yesterday, has seven representatives, as many
as South Carolina, one of the old thirteen. There is but
one way m which the South can rightfully renew her
growth, and swell her numbers on this floor; and that is by
putting the whole of her population in a condition to be
counted, instead of three-fifths, of a certain part of it.
Gentlemen tell us that we of the North have no interest in
the question .of slavery. Not so. We have a deep interest"
in all that concerns the welfare and the .character of the re-
public, of which we form a component part. No interest!
Has not this nation, within a few years, expended nearly
forty millions of dollars in a war witfi the Seminole Indians,
originating in a quarrel about some runaway slaves? Have
we not been threatened with a war with the greatest mari-
time power in the world, to recover payment for fugitive
slaves escaped into the Bahamas? Has not onrlate Secieta-
ry of the Navy,' (.Mr. Upshur,) in contemplation of this war,
and of the defence of our peculiar institutions, recommended
an increase ol our navy, which would have involved an an-
nual expense of more than thirty millions of dollars for the
navy alone? Are we not now threatened with a general
av ai with Mexico and England, involved in a struggle to ac-
quire territory upon which to extend slavery where the
.Mexicans had abolished it> Are not ourfree citizens im-
prisoned for no crime but their color? Are we not liable to
be called into the field by the President of the United States,
to suppress servile insurrections? Have not our mails been
rifled, and ourprivate correspondence been exposed* Have
not these, and other injuries and liabilities to which we have
been subjected, caused the formation of a new political par-
ty in the North, which proposes to array the entire North
against the South, at the polls, on the single question of
slavery alone—deny ing to every slaveholder any participa-
tion in the government of the country, so far as this party
has the power to prevent it, and driving from public trust in
the free States every man, from the highest to the lowest
station, who does not adopt these proscriptive principles?
Sir, I belong to no such party—I never can, It is a mista-
ken means to redress real grievances. It is conceived in the
same spirit which has too much animated the South in
grasping for undue political ascendency, and over-jealous
watchfulness over her precarious, vulnerable, and "pecu-
liar" institution. I am ready to carry out the principles of
the constitution, as agreed to by our revolutionary fathers.
They compromised this matter of slavery; and I am willing
to abide by their agreement on the part of the North, while
I will insist that its letter and spirit shall not bo violated on
the part of the South. When we can no longer endure a
connection with slaveholding States, we will dissolve it
peaceably ) but while it exists, we will not ask a monopoly
of office ^nd political power which we should never submit
to ourselves. Wo must not refuse to vote for a southern
man for President, or any other office, merely because he is
a southern man and a slaveholder. Such political action
would separate us like two hostile clans, living on different
sides of a river or mountain. We could never meet but m
fierce array, battling like Scot and Southron in past centunes
on either side the Tweed No, sir We will adhere to the
Union, trusting that, in the progress of civil liberty and the
benign spirit of our religion, our friends of the South, who
have the power to do so, will remove the great disturbing
cause.
But I now tell this Hou&e that agitation upon this subject
can never cease here while slavery exists underthe author-
ity of. the federal Government. There is no provision of
the constitution which confers upon Congress the authority
to pass, any law which shall make one man the slave of an-
other. There was no such compromise in the constitution
as this; and the American people ought not, and I trust
will not, long permit any such laws to exist by their author-
ity- Their entire repeal is the ultimate point ol political
agitation in the free States. Agitation cannot, in this age
oi the world, and while it is pervading other countries,
stop short of this. Repeal all such laws—absolve this fede-
- el government from all responsibility for the existence of
slavery—and no more petitions will be received here. Agi-
tation, if it continues, will be transferred to the legislatures
ofthe States where slavery exists. No doubt it will still
be a subject of popular discussion in all communities, but
there will be no foundation or excuse for political action in
Congress or the free States. Unlessthisisdone.no man
can ioretel the consequences; the cloud, now seen in the
distant horizon, no bigger than a man's hand, may over-
spread all the heavens in its gathering blackness, till the
elements are stared m their wrath, and the foiked light-
nings descend upon this Capitol, dashing our long-cherish-
ed Union into fragments which cannot again be re-united.
True, it may be said, such a party as has been described
can never be very numerous in any State. So I'believe, un-
less it thrives by the greater folly of other parties. But the
friends of emancipation will not be .confined to any such
party. If they persevere, they will soon learn enough po-
litical wisdom to throw their weight where it will be fqlt,
giving their votes to the candidates of other parties most
favorable to their views, and carrying their points against
slavery precisely as some of its advocates seem to propose
to retain the gag rule, and effect the destruction of the pro-
tecting policy, by giving their presidential votes in a certain
quarter, instead of setting up a candidate of their own in op-
position without a chance of electing hftn.
Let no man say our constitution guaranties slavery. It
does not. The only provisions relating to it are—article 1,
section 1, which provides that—
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States, &c., according to their respective
numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole
number ot free persons, including those bound to service
for a term of years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three-
fifths of all other persons."
This was the first compromise. It recognises the exist-
ence of persons in the States other than freemen, and pro-
vides a way in which they shall be counted in federal repre-
sentation, but confers no power on the federal constitution,
except upon this precise and specific point. It was a com-
promise of the dispute \\ hether they should all be counted
or none of them.
The next compromise was first clause of section 9, which
prohibited Congress from abolishing the slave trade before
1808. Surely this was no guaranty of slavery, but a tacit
admission ofthe power of Congress to abolish slavery eve-
rywhere out ofthe local jurisdiction ofthe States.
The only other provision of the constitution relating to
slavery at all, is the latter clause of section 2, article 4,
which provides that—
"No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
6uch service or labor," &c.
It is a prohibition upon the States against any one of them
extending the protection of its own laws, or the privileges
of a freeman, to a person, "held to service or labor," esca-
ping from such service in anotherJState This is no guaranty
of slavery. It does not say slavery shall exist, or shall not,
anywhere, but that the States snail not set each others'
slaves free when escaping into their limits.
So much for the compromises of the constitution relating
to slavery. They are these three, and we must abide by
them—giving to them, however, the strictest possible con-
sti iiction. wheie they are to be construed against human
liberty, But we are under no obligation to refrain from
attempting to alter these provisions The difficulty of pro-
curing any alteration is sxifticiently great to protect the
South. Why should gentlemen be so much agitated at the
reception and reference of the resolutions of Massachusetts?
The} piopose no violence, they do not as&ert that a majori-
ty of the whole people can change the constitution ol"the
Union in any way they see fit; but they propose to submit
the question, whether any alteration shall be made in the
mode prescribed by the constitution itself. Do gentlemen
here fear that one-half the slaveholding States will give
up the three-fifths representation? Do they apprehend
that these States will extendto the constitution of
the Union precisely the same principles which they
put in practice among themselves in their own State
representation? In apportioning their assigned num-
ber of representatives m Congress in districts of their
several States, and in fixing the basis of representation in
their several legislatures, only one single southern State
has adopted the basis of thiee-fiftht. of the slave numbers,
and that State is Georgia. She alone adopts the rule of fed-
eral numbers. In Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North
Carolina, and South Carolina, the number of representatives
and senators, to which each county or district is entitled, is
arbitrarily fixed in their constitutions,—with what refer-
ence to slave population, I am not able to say. In Kentucky,
the basis of leprescntation is on the number of "qualified
electors." m Tennessee, the number of "taxable inhabit-
ants;''in Louisiana, for representatives, "qualified elect-
ors"—senatorial districts arbitrarily fixed; m Mississippi,
"free white inhabitants," Alabama, "white inhabitants,"
Missouri, "free white male inhabitants;"—
[Here Mr. S:: *eranoi. was stopped by the expiration of
his hour.]
SPEECH OF MR. COBB,
OF GEORGIA.
In the House of Representatives, May 3, 1844—On the
tariff bill.
Mr. Chairman: I have watched the progress of
this discussion with peculiar interest. The import-
ance of the subject, as manifested by the deep feel-
ing which its agitation has never failed to excite in
the public mind; the various and conflicting interests
of the different sections of our wide-spread and
diversified country, which must be necessarily af-
fected, to a greater or less extent, by any legisla-
tion on the subject; and, above all, the vita! import-
ance attributed to it by the people of that particular
section of the country whose interest has been in
part intrusted to my keeping by a confiding con-
stituency,—have summoned to the investigation of
this intricate and perplexing question all the ability
and energy of which I may be master. Under these
circumstances, I could not be expected to have re-
mained an inattentive listener. Nor has this debate,
to me, been an unprofitable one. Apart from th«
general fund of information which the research and
labor of different gentlemen have furnished for our
instruction and improvement, I have been enabled
to gather from the course of argument pursued by
the most of those to whom I am opposed, an in-
sight into the plan of operation, by which their ob-
jects are proposed to be accomplished, and the ulti-
mate benefits which they fondly promise themselves,
should their present efforts be crowned with suc-
cess. And I trust that these facts, to which I am
about to direct your attention for a. moment, have
not failed to arrest the observation of every
representative from the South upon this floor
and to excite within their bosoms a renew-
ed zeal- and strengthened determination to re-
sist, to the utmost of their powers, the organized
effort now being made to fasten forever upon our in-
stitutions a system of legislation so utterly ruinous
and destructive of the best interests of the country.
And, sir, if there be any here who have been in-
duced, for a time, to falter in their course, _ to with-
draw from the battle-ground so long and gallantly
occupied by our predecessors, of all political par-
tie?, let me ask them, in the name of our common
constituency, to pause and reflect upon the develop-
ments of the times, before they yield, without an
effort, this auspicious moment of redressing the
grievances inflicted upon our people by the unjust,
partial, and inexcusable iegislation of 1842.
No one could have failed to observe, at an early
stage in the present session of Congress, the evi-
dent anxiety manifested by the peculiar representa-
tives of eastern and northern interests, to court the
favor and obtain the co-operation of the great and
growing West, in furtherance of the views and poli-
cies which principle and interest alike urge tliem to
forward and prosper. It was evidenced in every
movement that was made, and was prominently
conspicuous in all the speeches of those members
■who had occasion to address the House upon certain
collateral questions which were sprung upon us at
an earlier period of our deliberations. And now,
sir, since this bill has been under consideration,
the scheme has been so fully and freely de-
veloped, that no one, unless he be wilfully blind,
can fail to see and comprehend it. The northern
manufacturer, conscious of his inability to sustain,
alone, a system of legislation which has for its ob-
ject the levying of contributions upon the great
mass of the people for the benefit of a few, feels the
necessity of holding out some inducements to other
interest, with whom he may combine to effect pur-
poses, as he alleges, equally beneficial to each; and
it is in the farming interest of the West—the grow-
ers of wheat and other bread-stuffs—that he finds
that interest; and in the spirit, in part, of pretended
good feeling and liberality,he tenders to them an equal
participation in the benefits of his exclusive policy.
The great advantage, says the manufacturer, which
"we promise ourselves from a protective tariff, is the
increased consumption of our fabrics among our
own people; a home market will be afforded, where
we will be enabled to dispose of all the works of
our labor as soon as we can drive from our shores
similar articles of foreign manufacture. Aid us in
bringing about this result, and we, in return for the
good favor thus shown to us, will afford you also
with a home market for your agricultural products.
The increased number of consumers of your bread-
stuffs, consequent upon the increasing prosperity of
our manufactures, will open up to you a market
which will set at rest all your anxieties and specu-
lations about the foreign consumption of your pro-
ducts.
Fortunately for the country, however, the
West is unwilling to rely too implicitly upon
this captivating but deceptive picture which is thua
presented to her view; and on a more minute and
critical examination of the subject, ki all its bear-
ings and effects, her hardy sons are fast uniting with
us in opposition to this most unjust and oppressive
measure; and I doubt not that, in a very few years,
that whole people will co-operate with the same
unanimity which once characterized the people of
the South on this very question, and will, as one
man, indignantly dash the proffered poison from
their lips.
But, sir, my object in alluding to this branch of
the subject was not to direct an argument to the
people of the West, and to enlighten them upon the
course which interest and duty required them to
pursue. That duty has been more ably and elo-
quently performed by her own worthy representa-
tives who have preceded me in the debate. My
purpose is. to call the attention of southern -repre-
