May, 1844.
28th Cons 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO TffE CONGRpgglQ^AL OLOPB.
   The Tariff—Mr; Cobb.
M'-°f ¥m-
sentatives to the striking fact that, in all the glowing
pictures which have been drawn, of the grfeat bene-
fits to, result from the operation of a protective tariff,
southern interest seems either to have been entirely-
forgotten or utterly disregarded.. The manufacturer
of the North and East, and the grain-grower of the
"West, are offered the tempting prospects of a home
market for the increased consumption of the,respect-
ive products of their industry;, but to the southern
planter and farmer there is no"such advantage. He
is asked to give in his adhesion, to a system of pro-
tection, by which all the burdens are thrown upon
his shoulders, in common with the great "mass of
the people who are the consumers of these protect-
ed commodities; and for this: sacrifice of interest on
his part, none—no, sir, none of the pretended bene-
ficial results of the "system are tendered in return.
When burdens are to be imposed and taxes to be
levied for the support of the government, "the South
is summoned to perform a conspicuous part , in the
drama; but when the fostering care of the govern-
ment is asked for the encouragement of domestic
labor, and, under the delusive pretext of aiding home
industry, protection is demanded for one class of the
community to the detriment of the rest, then, sir, the'
South ceases to be the object of the government's
peculiar notice, and the interests of her people are
thrust aside or trampled under foot with the most
perfect impunity. •
The time has been, Mr. Chairman, when these
scenes would' excite one universal outbreak of hon-
est indignation from every southern bosom upon this
floor. Is it reserved for the present day to witness
the humiliating spectacle of southern representatives
yielding a cheerful acquiescence in the unholy war-
fare which is waging against the best and dearest in-
terests of their constituents? I, would indulge the
hope that this scene should be reserved for other
days and other men, if, indeed, it must come, and
that we might, for the present at least, follow the
commendable example of all our predecessors, and
unite "with one voice and one spirit in beating back
these continued aggressions upon our common
rights; and, as far as possible, removing from the
shoulders of our people the burdens placed upon
them by the tariff act of 1842, against the united ef-
forts of almost the whole South. But of this, sir, I
shall speak more fully hereafter.
The opponents of the protective system are fre-
quently charged with inimical feelings towards the
manufacturing interest of the country. There is no
foundation upon which to rest this charge. No such
feeling, I am.sure, pervades my bosom, and I feel
confident that I may speak with the utmost safety
for my constituents; in repelling for them, "and in
their name, all such accusations. On the con-
trary, the rapid growth of our manufactu-
ring interest, the gratifying 'success which
ha.s attended the capital and labor of the coun-
try invested in this branch of national indus-
try, apart from the special favor which it has ever
sought at the hands of the government, have been to
all of us a source of gratification. Whilst my sec-
tional pride excites my warmest solicitude for the
peculiar interest of my more immediate neighbors,
it never has, and never shall, engender unkind and
ungenerous feelings against the interest of any other
portion of the country. It will always be to me a
source of peculiar gratification to witness the in-
creasing prosperity of every branch of national in-
dustry m our country. All that I ask for myself
and my constituents is, that each shall be allowed
the full benefit of their respective intrinsic merits.
A fair and honorable competition between all the
great interests of the country will tend to establish
each of them upon a more steady and healthful
"basis; but do not make of us the unreasonable re-
quest that, whilst the manufacturer of the North is
luxuriating in the smiles and caresses of the govern-
ment, the planter and farmer of the South shall be
doomed to a lingering death under her continual
frowns. Away, then, with this and its kindred
charge against the friends of "free trade," that they are
averse to the encouragement of American industry,
and are inclined to indulge in a British feeling at the
expense of our own people. Such accusations are
unworthy the source from which they emanate, and,
if persisted in, will inevitably result in exciting for
its authors and propagators the alternate pity and
contempt of every intelligent and unprejudiced Ame-
rican citizen of all parties and sections of the coun-
try. No, sir, such is not the fact. The character-
istic distinction between our accusers and ourselves
will be found to exist in the fact, that our patriot-
ism is not circumscribed within the narrow limits
of sectional or personal interest; but, taking a more
comprehensive view of things, we study alike the
interest, not only of the manufacturer of the North,
but also that of the - planter and the farmer of the
South and the West. We seek not to oppress and
burden the one, in order to promote and prosper
the other; but are_ willing - and anxious that all
-should be let alone in the enjoyment of equal bene-
fits and privileges. Here, then, is the point of issue
between the advocates of "free trade" on the one
hand, and "protection" on the other. And upon
this issue we are prepared to go before the people
of the country, and to abide with cheerfulness such
verdict as their good sense and sound judgment
may render in the case.
After "the systematic efforts which have been
made to delude the public mind in regard to the
true meaning to' be attached to the term "free trade,"
as contradistinguished-from a protective tariff, it
may hot be amiss to devote a word or two'to its
explanation at this point, as a proper understanding
of the sense in which it is used' is absolutely neces-
sary to a just appreciation of the argument we offer
in its-behalf.
If there existed no necessity on the part of the
government to raise revenue to support its adminis-
tration, or if it could be supplied in any imaginable
way without resorting to taxation on the people in
some form or other for that purpose, I apprehend
there would be no great difficulty in obtaining the
unanimous voice of the people in favor of the doc-
trine of leaving trade in all its various branches and
departments unrestricted by any legislation what-
ever. In either of these events the question would
be presented in so clear and tangible a form, that the
individual who .would seriously propose to extend to
the manufacturing, or an y other Seedonal in terest, any
peculiar favor or protection, to the manifest injury
of other branches of industry, would sink into in-
significance and contempt under the indignant frowns
of an insulted people. But revenue must be raised
for the support of thegovernment; and this must be
done either by resorting to "direct taxation," or by
imposing a duty upon foreign goods imported into'
the country. The first is not congenial to the feel-
ings and spirit of our people, and is not seriously
urged-by any enlightened statesman of the present
day with any expectation of its adoption. To the
latter .mode (our tariff system) has the government
always resorted, and will continue to do so, at least
during our day. Bearing in mind, then, the object
in view—to wit, the raising of revenue for the sup-
port of the government—the question presents itself
to our mind, what influences should operate upon
the judgment of the legislator in the assessment of
duties? We insist upon it, that he should look to
revenue, and revenue alone; and that his object
should be to raise the largest amount of revenue ne-
cessary for an economical administration of the gov-
ernment, compatible with the least restriction upon
the trade of the country, eschewing all discrimina-
tions alike in favor of or against any particular in-
terest of the country, save that discrimination which
is founded in the laws of nature and justice, and
which has for its object to relieve, as far as possible,
the poor of the country from inordinate taxation,
and to throw upon the shoulders of the rich, (who
are more able to bear it,) to a great extent, the more
onerous burdens of the government. Such, as 1 un-
derstand them, are the fundamental principles upon
which the doctrines of ."free trade" are based; and
believing that they embody the only safe rule by
which our conduct can be regulated, having a due
regard to all the great interests of the country, and
being well assured, by the settled convictions of my
own judgment, sustained by the experience of the
past, that in their existence and perpetuity alone
rest the future prosperity of my own immediate
constituents, I most cheerfully subscribe to their
doctrines, and shall zealously urge their incorpora-
tion into the practical operations of the government.
It has become, of late, a favorite theme with the
advocates of protection, to denounce the doctrines
of "free trade" as the wild and visionary schemes
of the present day politicians—as unheard-of until
within the last year or two—as unknown even to
the older men of our own day. Sir, I am at a loss
to know whether to attribute this gross and palpa-
ble error to their ignorance, or to a wilful determi-
nation to impose upon and deceive the credulous
and confiding. Will gentlemen'consult the writings
and essays of the ablest political economists of the
age, and permit their authority to decide between us?
If so, I apprehend they will find some difficulty in
producing one, who has not treated at great length
of the relative advantages and. disadvantages of f/ee
trade-and restrictive commercial intercourse between
nations.' But it will answer my present purpose fo
produce the' authority of' distinguished toen' cjr'tjieir
own political party, some'of them: rro w- corop^bafu^;
with them, and standing high in'their;<3oMderrce*and
estimation, and perhaps inUfilging wifh thfefr Jireseflt "
alhes in denunciations of the'novfelty bfjdii'rfeftj; Ka-
trines which they have laboriously "endeAvorfeg tp~3i£c
upon the country; at least,;I should not be«t!ajj sur-
prised to find such a state.of tilings, after the aitouncf-
m'g developments which" the 'last few months'i'iave
brought to light—since the representatives of the
South generally, and ' Georgia particularly, of
the whig- party, have avowed -themselves-' .tire
advocates of protection; For one, I airi prepared
to hear any announcement from that .quarter
without surprise or astonishment; for, .had I been
called upon six months ago to point to any .one
principle upon which' the whole South was -united
as one. man, I should have referred to their often-
repeated pledges of undying opposition to the pro-
tective system. But, sir, who have been - the advo-
cates of free trade in the South? I reply, unhesita-
tingly i And without the fear of successful contradic-
tion, every distinguished member of the present 'whig
party of Georgia, including their present able and
honored senator, [Judge Berrien.] Your public
documents groan-under the accumulated .evidence
which could be produced to sustain' this assertion.
The names of Crawford, Troup, 'Forsyth, Clayton,
"Wfylde, and a host of others, are identified wjth'the
opposition of Georgia to a protective tariff, "ferae
will riot permit me to produce the opinions of these
distinguished individuals; nor can it be necessary.
The very mention of their names will be sufficient
to awaken in tiie breasts of their countrymen a grate-
ful remembrance of their valuable services in arrest-
ing and thwarting, for a time at least,- (and, as, our
people of the South had fondly hoped, forever,) die
aggressibns of northern manufacturers upon south-
ern interest. But, sir, there are some- peculiar Tea-
sons inducing me to allude more particularly "to the
course of one of these individuals. He was .my
neighbor, and, I may add, my friend, though J my
senior by many years. He was long and'favorably
known to my immediate constituents; and there was
no one act of his political life which.erKteared him.moTe
closely to his political friends-than the. one to which
I am now alluding; I refer to the, late Judge Clay-
ton; and I sincerely trust that, the strong and ener-
getic language which that distinguished individual
used in his denunciation of this system of oppression
upon the South, may arrest the attention of'his for-
mer friends, who so implicitly relied upon the .puri-
ty of his motive's and the soundness of his judgment,
and that it may have the" effect of bringing back his
former friends, neighbors", and constituents," to-the
object of their first and purest love.
I will first read to you from a speech made by
Judge Clayton in 1833, the tariff bill being then under
discussion in this House:
"Mr. Clayton said, he had not intended to product? any
excitement; but as he was himself a manufacturer,- and the
question should be put whether protecting duties should be
increased, he should feel bound to go without the bar. .But
he presumed he was at liberty to vote against himself. The
existing protection gave him the monopoly of the State of
Georgia, and enabled hira to make a profit of fifty percent,
on cotton cloth at ten and twelve cents.a yard. Ifasquare
yard duty of seven and a half cents should be added, as-was
now proposed, what would his profit be then? The gentle-
men of the North wanted a law which should be equal to
the advantage the European manufacturer had in the cheap-
ness of food, &c. Now, with the duty of seven and a half
cents, those northern manufacturers had made cloth, and
sold itat the door of his factory at si* cents per yard. At
what rate could it be got, should frel trade be establish-
ed? The gentleman from Massachusetts had made un^ elo-
quent appeal against reducing American labor, and compet-
ing the operatives to do w ithout the comforts of life. That
very condition the gentleman so much dreaded was- bow
the condition of Mr Clayton's constituents. If gentlemen
needed such a protection to carry on their manufacturer,
why not impose the tax upon their own State, undei' a State
Jaw? Why make the South pay for it? Supposing Georgia
and Massachusetts to be the only States in the Union, would
it be fair to make Georgia pay a tax to support Massaelui'
setts ?
"If their fields produced cloth and hats, and all other ne-
cessaries of life; growing on bushes, would it be fair to make
them pay a tax on these articles for the benefit of-Massachu-
setts 1 "Would not this reduce Georgia to the state of a col-
ony'? If the bill would destroy the northern factories, let
the operatives go to the West. It was declared that the
government had a right to bring down the slave labor of the
South to a level with the free labor of the North; id est,
thai-the southern capital should be reduced in value till it
was on, a level with northern capital. If so, it was time the
South, knew it. The southern climate produced, in cotton,
rice, tobacco, and sugar, about $45,000,000; and it was to get
at tMs aMount that the northern capitalist seized upon the not-
zmmtntasm instmment, and enacted tike tanff tew.
