596
28th Cong 1st Sess.
rAPPEND IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
The Tariff—Mr. Cobb.
H.. of Reps.
South got this out of the earth by their slaves, and yet
they were told that slavery was the cause of all their
trouble. The truth was, that their slaves were, in fact,
the slaves of the North. It was their slaves that f?ailed
the northern ships and ran the northern spindles. Their
slaves were their machinery, and they had as good a
right to profit by them as northern men had by the machine-
ry they employed. It was not slavery that produced the '
depression of the South; it was the ROBBING the southern
planter of one-half he earned, to swell the profits of the north-
cm manufacturer
In 1832, the same subject being under considera-
tion, (I read from the speech of the same indi-
vidual:)
"If all the factories of the United States belonged to one
person, and that person was a monarch, (and what is wealth
but a monarch, a cruel, tyrannical monarch?) and he was
solely deriving all the advantages of the system at the ex-
pense of the sweat and labor of the people, everybody
would see it in all its horrible odiousnkss, and it would be
demolished by the fury of an indignant people. Yet, be-
cause it is in the hands of a few who have contrived to de-
lude their hirelings into the belief that it has been founded
purely for their benefit, this abominable scourge is per-
mitted to exist. The day is coming, and I trust rapidly,
when it will have to undergo a reckoning before the tribu-
nal of a long-abused and insulted community, whose award
will consign it to its merited infamy."
"If jou will not withdraw your exactions—if you will
not live with us upon the terms of equal rights—3 tell you,
in the language of plain truth, (to which, perhaps, you are
unaccustomed,) we shall certainly part from you, and part,
I hope, in peace Then you may hug to yourselves your
d^rlinr American system; then you may tax your people
to your heart's content; and then, if you choose, you may
take to yourselves other gods; but as for me and my Horss,
we will .serve the lord of libertyj and all the people of the
South shall cry, amen."
The language here used is strong, emphatic, and
eloquent. It is incapable of misconstruction; and
at the time that it fell from the lips of Georgia's
able repsesentative upon this floor, it received a
grateful welcome in the hearts of his generous con-
stituency. May I not indulge the hope, sir, that a
recurrence to it at this time will not prove altogether
unprofitable?
Such were the sentiments entertained during
the memorable struggle to which we have been
referring. Not only were they expressed here by
the representative, but the people, en masse, with-
out regard to party distinctions, returned a hearty
response. Whatever differences of opinion may
have existed as to the mode by which these griev-
ances were to be redressed, all agreed to their exist-
ence, and each party rivalled the other in their
anxiety to rid the country of the odious feature of
protection which had crept into its legislation. The
success which attended these efforts is familiar to
the country. The adoption of the compromise act,
as was expected, produced quietude and tranquillity;
and the people, in anticipation of its sacred observ-
ances, had permitted the vexed and perplexing
question of protection to pass from before their
minds.
In violation, however, of the most solemn pledges,
no sooner had tie whig party come into power,
in 1841, than the issue is again renewed, and the
people of the South notified that the fruits of all their
labors—secured to them, as they fondly believed, in
the compromise act—are to be lost. In what spirit
did our whig friends of the ,South receive this an-
nouncement^ Were they yet prepared to sacrifice
all their long-cherished principles? No, sir. They
met the subject with the feeling of Southerners and
Georgians, and determined to give battle, as their
predecessors had done before them. The spirit
which animated the Claytons and Wyldes of '32 and
'33, was caught up by the Gambles and Meriweth-
ers of'41 and '42, and nobly and proudly did they
strike another blow for southern lights and south-
ern interest. When a motion was made to refer the
President's message, on the subject of raising reve-
nue by discriminating duties, in 1841, to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, Mr. Meriwether, then and
now a decided and uncompromising whig, and a
member at that time of this House, was among the
first to be alarmed at the prospect of reviving a pro-
tective tariff, and sought an early opportunity to
enrol himself for the war. In the course of a long
and labored speech, on the motion just referred to,
there are found some very strong ana significant re-
marks, to which I would particularly call the atten-
tion of the southern whigs, who are now indulging
in such unqualified denunciations of the doctrines of
free trade, and all its advocates.
It seems, from the tenor of Mr. Meriwether's
remarks, that some one had suggested the propriety
of discriminating against manufacturing interest, in
the spirit of retaliation, and as the last hope of
equalizing the benefits of this discriminate legisla-
tion. In reply to that suggestion, Mr. M. thus dis.
•'•fWged pji thfs stjbje-Rt of discrimination;
"As a southern man, for myself and my constituents, I
repudiate this doctrine. It is unconstitutional; and, if not,
it is grossly unju-st and illiberal. And, sir, it is an insult to
southern honor to be invited to such a rally; for we oppose
alike all discrimination, against the manufacturing, the com-
mercial, or agricultural interests. The constitution is our
platform. We have unfurled its banner,and on its broad folds
have inscribed our principles—'FREE TIIADE AND
EQUAL RIGHTS.'"
I regret that I cannot read other portions of this
speech, containing much able and satisfactory rea-
soning, in reply" to the positions then, as now, as- '
sumed by the protectionists; and, strange to say,
doctrines then repelled by him, and denounced as
unconstitutional, grossly unjust, and illiberal, are
now openly and warmly advocated by his political
friends of Georgia and other southern States.
At a subsequent period of the same session of
Congress, a tariff bill was now introduced and
passed, and is now the law of the land; and the bill
now under consideration is intended as a modification
of that law. How stood the whig representatives
from Georgia towards that bill? My constituents
will feel some anxiety to compare the course of their
present with their past representatives. It is for
their benefit that I refer to it, and I shall be indulged
in reading a few short extracts from the speeches of
her whig representatives, made in opposition to this
law when it was pending before Congress.
Mr. Gamble concludes a speech of some length
with this remark:
"I regret that it is o.ut of my power, from convictions of
duty, to ^oteforthe bill. Revenue is wanting, and it is our
duty to provide for the wants of the government; and it
would afford me great pleasure to vote for a bill which was
equal and just in its operations upon every part of the coun-
try; but believing this to be otherwise, I must, though reluc-
tantly, vote against it."
Mr. Warren, another whig member from Georgia,
made a speech of some length on this bill, in which
he spoke of everything else except the provisions of
the bill under discussion; but even with this intuitive
objection to approach the question of protective
policy contained in the measure, he dared not, in
justice to the known sentiments of his people, allow
the opportunity to pass by entirely, without uniting
his voice with that of his colleagues, in opposition to
the protective features of the present law; and accord-
ingly uses these strong expressions, at the only
time to which he referred at all to the bill in the
course of his remarks:
"Am I to vote for either of the bills before us? No, sir;
I cannot and will not. The minimum principle contained in
each bill alone, would, ifthere was do other objection, com-
mand my opposition to it. Between the two bills I have no
particular choice. I had intended to say nothing on the
subject until the committee had determined to take up one
or the other, and had entered mto details. This, I see, will
not be done until discussion ceases; and as each bill contains
this objectionable feature, I cannot give either my support.
Besides, sir, the discrimination in this bill for protection
is inexcusable, even in those who avow the right and justice
of the measure under other circumstances."
Here we have an expression of the feelings enter-
tained by Georgia's whig representatives, at the
time the present law, which we are now seeking to
modify, was before Congress, and undergoing its
scrutiny and investigation. The principle of dis-
crimination which is prominently stamped upon its
every line, is denounced by one of them as uncon-
stitutional, and grossly unjust and illiberal. Another
declares, in his place, that he feels the necessity of
supplying the government with additional means;
but so violative of correct and equitable principles is
this law, that he is compelled, from a sense of duty,
to vote against it. And another says, in language
equally emphatic, that the discriminations in the hill
are inexcusable, even with those who favor the doctrine-
Mi of them who were present voted against the bill
when it was put upon its passage. Ml of them
who v ere present voted for an amendment to
change the title of the bill—to entitle it a bill to protect
domestic manufactures, by way of expressing their
strong convictions of its gross injustice to the other
interests of the country, and the utter absence of
revenue principles in the provisions of the bill. Be-
sides all this, many members now around me will
recollect the able, satisfactory, and conclusive report
on this subject, by another whig representative
from Georgia, the late Mr. Habersham—a man
who died enjoying the respect and admiration of
his opponents, and the unbounded confidence of his
political friends.
And now, Mr. Chairman, do you not think
that the people of Georgia will have cause to feel
somewhat astounded when they are informed that
this law, thus denounced and voted against by
all her representatives in 1842, containing princi-
ples which twe always baen j-epudiftted by hsr
statesmen and her people, should have met with a
warm and enthusiastic admirer, apologist, and ad-
vocate, in one of her whig representatives in the
present Congress? But, sir, I am warned by the
time I have already consumed in reviewing the past
history of parties in Georgia on this subject, that I
must hasten on to the consideration of other views
to which I am desirous of calling the attention of the
committee. ■
Of all the.arguments which have been urged in
faver of the protective system, there is but one, so
far as I now recollect, which has been addressed to
the consumers of the South, to induce, on their part,
acquiescence in its continuance; and that is the oft
repeated and as often refuted idea, that high duties
make low prices; in other words, the farmer and
planter are asked to give credence to the assertion
that the merchant, from whom they purchase the
various articles of their consumption, is enabled to
sell them to him at reduced prices, in consequence of
being required by the government to advance two
hundred instead of one hundred per cent. as a duty
upon the article. If a merchant should purchase
any amount of goods in Liverpool, and, upon his
arrival in New York, should propose to dispose of
them to a planter for the sum of one hundred dollars,
and be content with the profits he should realize by
such a sale; if an officer of the government should
make his appearance at the moment the bargain was
about to be consummated, and inform- the merchant
that the government had raised the duty upon the
goods he was about selling, and that he had called
for the purpose of requiring an additional duty of
twenty-five dollars: why, then, according to this
paradoxical doctrine of the protectionist, the mer-
chant would be able to reduce the price of his goods,
and sell them to the planter for a less sum than the
one hundred dollars, as originally agreed upon. Can
gentlemen hope to palm off upon the intelligent peo-
ple of this country a doctrine so utterly at war with
every principle of common sense and sound reason-
ing? And yet, sir, this is the never-changing bur-
den of their song; when an effort is to be made to
delude the hard-working consuming people of the
South into a "submission to the enormities and exac-
tions of the protective policy. We have called upon
them, over and over again, to solve the mystery, and
offer some reason to justify such strange conclusions;
but the call has been made in vain; and we are point-
ed to certain periods in commercial history when
the imposition of high duties was not followed by-
corresponding increase of prices, as evidence of the
correctness of their assertion as a general rule; for-
getting, or at least assuming to forget, that our prices
of imported goods are regulated by the prices in for-
eign countries, and that the action of our legislation
can have no effect beyond the limits of our own
country; for I believe they have not yet gone so far
with this absurdity as to contend that the effect of
our requiring our importing merchants to pay high
duties, will be to enable the merchants of England to
sell the same kind of goods to their home consumers
at reduced prices. If such results could be brought
about by our legislation, I think it highly probable
that our tables would be loaded with petitions from
the poor and oppressed consumers of England, en-
treating us to impose the highest duties, as a meas-
ure of relief to their sufferings. Until, then, the
protectionist can show that our tariff laws control
and regulate prices throughout the civilized world,
he will appeal in vain to facts of this character
to bolster up his unfounded and deceptive theory.
In support of this strange doctrine—that high
duties produce low prices—there has been
adduced a specious argument, or rather illustration,
which requires a more critical examination. The
argument alleges that, by the imposition of high du-
ties, you exclude a portion of the foreign goods, and
thereby enable the domestic manufacturer to sell a
larger quantity of his goods than he could otherwise
do; and, consequently, that he has it in his power to
sell at lower prices, and yet realize the same amount
of profit. Mark, I beg of you, sir, the admission
contained in this argument, as it is necessary to a
proper appreciation of this view of the subject. The
domestic manufacturer, it is said, can sell at lower
prices, because he sells a larger amount of goods, in
consequence of the exclusion of the foreign article.
Then it is admitted that so long as the foreign goods
can pay the duty, and still compete in our markets
with the domestic manufacturer, there will be no
diminution of price, as there is no increase in the
consumption of the domestic article. Hence it is
necessary, befoie you can reduce prices by high du-
ties. according to this mode of reasoning," thnt youi
