582
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
*ee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and re-
sumed the consideration of the tariff bill.
Mr. DUNCAN resumed and concluded his
speech. He maintained that the only legitimate
purpose of imposing duties upon imports was to
raise revenue sufficient for an economical adminis-
tration of the government. If the dangerous prin-
ciple were admitted, that they had a right to go be-
yond this, upon such principle they might raise any
number of millions of dollars. Who, he asked,
were to be benefited by a high tariff? The man-
ufacturers, of whom there were not more than 350,-
000 in the United States; and of these, 150,000 at
least were subjects of Great Britain. What com-
parison did this number bear to the whole pop-
ulation of this country?—a population comprising
nearly 18,000,000 of people. This iniquitous tariff
then, imposed an average duty of 50 per cent,
on all articles consumed by 18,000,000 of people,
for the benefit of 350,000, of whom 150,000 are
foreigners.
Mr. D.'e hour having expired,
Mr. HARDIN addressed the committee in favor
of the protective system, occupying his hour in a
variety of statistical details, for the purpose of show-
ing that the farming interest was greatly benefited
by the operations of that system.
Mr. RHETT next obtained the floor, and address-
ed the committee. The gentleman from Maine who
addressed the House a few days ago spoke in con-
temptuous terms of constitutional scruples. He
(Mr. R.) confessed he was influenced by constitu-
tional scruples. The patriots who fell at Lexing-
ton, Concord, and the battle of the Cowpens, bled for
constitutional scruples. If constitutional scruples
were disregarded, what would become of the liber-
ties of the people of the United States? He meant
to address himself to constitutional scruples. It
was not the millions which were wrung from the
people by the government, which had occasioned
them the greatest anxiety and distress; but it was
because they had stricken down the constitution,
and practically enslaved the citizens of this confed-
eracy—no, not of this confederacy, but of a portion
of the confederacy. The question was not how
much the government might take from the people,
but whether it had a right to take at all.
He had heard a great deal said about the benefits
of the tariff, and they had a very labored report upon
the subject; but one single line of foreign prices
would blow up the whole theory. It was said that
the labor of this country could not compete with the
labor of Europe, without protective duties, because
labor there costs but half as much as here, and capi-
tal commanded but half as much. There could be
no protection but protection against foreign com-
modities. Gentlemen said they would extend the
benefits of protection all over the Union. But how
could protection be protection, unless it were partial?
If it were universal, it would destroy itself. If all
where equally protected, then none were protected.
11 was all a humbug from beginning to end. It was
impossible for protection to be universal; it was
contrary to the order of Providence; it was perfectly
inefficacious. If there was a country under the sun
which ought to possess within itself every thing
necessary for any nation, that country was the
United States.
What country under the sun comprehended so
great a variety of soil and climate? Yet had they
not a variety of interests which protection could not
aid' This was the case with respect to the agri-
cultural interest. Did agriculturists ask protection?
Could this government give them protection. They
wanted none, nor could they receive any. Protec-
tion, therefore, was partial in its operation. The
system could only benefit those with whom Euro-
pean labor could come in competition. The opera-
tion of the system was not only to take from one
class of citizens, and give to another, but to enable
one class to become tax gatherers, and, by their own
act, to determine how much they should collect from
other classes. He confessed he had constitutional
scruples upon this subject. It surrendered up the
laborer into the hands of the capitalist.
Mr. R. warned the protection party that their sys-
tem, if carried out, would, in the end, lead to what
they so much deprecated—agrarianism. Let the
principle be established that this government had the
right to equalize the condition of the people, and the
swarming millions of the northern hive will, in time,
rise up and tear down the fabric they have erected,
tie contended that this system was not only contra-
ry to the constitution, but contrary to the natural
/:^hts of man. He laid it down ps a principle, that,
as individuals had no right to take property without
the consent of the owner, neither had the whole
body associated into a government the right to do it.
He would suppose a familiar case. Suppose that there
were but three men in the world, and one of them
caught a coon and skinned him: would either of the re-
maining two have a right to take the skin from him?
Assuredly not. Suppose, then, these three men as-
sociated themselves into a government: would the
majority of these three then have the right to take the
coon skin from the owner, and give it to one of the
others? If they had not the right before, how would
the right be imparted by their associating them-
selves into a government? He asked if the forming
a government gave the right of taking property?
No one would answer that it would. But the con-
stitution of the United States had not been left so
baie as to given even by construction, so dan-
gerous a power. The constitution provided that
private property should not be taken for public use
without compensation. Now, if the question was
of taking private property for public use, the con-
stitution would justify it; but it was taking private
property for private use, and for the use, too, of
classes and corporations. Gentlemen talked very
sneeringly of free trade; and in all this they Were
consistent; and, in doing so, outraged the constitu-
tion. What was the constitution itself, but the
mightiest effort for free trade? What formed the
constitution but free trade, and the neeessity of pre-
venting one State from impeding the commerce of
the others? If this principle of protection was good
between the United States and foreign nations, why
was it not good between the States? Why should
not Virginia protect her industry; or why should
not South Carolina protect hers? If the system was
good in one way, why was it not good between the
States? and why should it not exist' Mr. R. con-
tinued his argument, showing the oppression and
injustice of the protective system, up to the conclu-
sion of his hour.
Mr. CALDWELL next proceeded to address the
committee. He said it was the duty of a people to
provide for the support of its government; and the
settled policy of this government appeared to be, to
raise its revenue by taxes on imports; but the mo-
ment the tariff was increased beyond a revenue
standard, it became a system of legalized plunder.
The question here involved was not a question be-
tween this and foreign countries, but between differ-
ent sections of this country; it was a question whe-
ther a part of this country should be made to bear all
the burdens of the government; and the question
came to this: Shall we build up this manufacturing
and ironmongering aristocracy at the expense of the
hard earnings of the poorer citizens of this common-
wealth' The first tariff ever laid in this country im-
pored a duty of 5 per cent, on iron and on woollen
manufactures, and 7j per cent, upon cotton manu-
factures; and yet they were told that their rev-
olutionary fathers went for a protective tar-
iff. No; those honest patriots had an instinc-
tive horror of heavy taxation on the people,
and they had not learned the modern doctrine
that the foreign producer paid the tax. He next
made some allusion to the preceding tariff acts, and
then proceeded to notice the tariff act of 1842, and
some of the circumstances attending its enactment.
He said the act of 1842 was passed in violation of
the plighted faith of the 27th Congress; and that it
was a fraud upon the country. This was suscepti-
ble of proof; and, for that purpose, he quoted from
several speeches made by Mr. Clay and other whig
leaders, and showed the frequency of their profess-
ed devotion to the compromise act.
lie went into a minute statement of the taxes
levied by the act of 1842, on those articles which
were of indispensable use to his constituents, and
showed that his people were taxed on an average at
the rate of 111 per cent.
It was not the South only which the advocates of
a high protective tariff would have to contend against;
the light of truth was bursting upon the West.
They begin to be aware of its iniquitous operation.
The people of the West were not unwilling to be tax-
ed for the government they love. They would, af-
ter that, shoulder their rifles, and march wherever
an invading foe invited them, in defence of their
household gods and their firesides; but the mis-
fortune was, that the tax, instead of going to
the government, went to swell the purses of the
proud capitalists. They of the West were deeply
interested jn the prosperity of the South. As long
as the South was prosperous, they could command
good prices for their productions; but when gloom
and disaster pervaded the South, it was thrown back
upon the West in the form of utter desolation and
ruin.
Mr. C. adverted to the origin of the existing
tariff law, and animadverted upon the acts of the
whig party generally.
Mr. STEPHENS said he came from a section of
the country which had been said to be robbed by
the protective system, and was to relieved from it
by the destruction of that system. He would,
therefore, in the remarks he was about to make, show-
that it had no such effect. The gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] said that the tariff of
1842 was a violation of the constitution; and he
wished the gentleman was in his seat, that he might
ask him how it was so. He would ask that question
of the gentleman from Alabama, who addressed the
House the other day on the subject. He would
ask him how that bill violated the constitution.
Mr. BELSER, in reply to the gentleman from
Georgia, admitted that this government was framed
to protect life, liberty, and property, and to protect
its citizens in the enjoyment of these blessings.
But Mr. B. contended, that protection to manufac-
tures nerer entered into their contemplation; that
the protection spoken of by them was to secure to
the citizen the right to the enjoyment of those great
privileges; that a tariff laid on imports, with an eye
alone to revenue, was constitutional; but when laid
directly with an eye to protection, it was unconstttvi-
tional. That, so far as agriculture was concerned,
it was out of the power of this government to pro-
tect that branch of American industry; and that,
therefore, protection could not be extended generally
to all interests, as contended for by the gentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. STEVENS then said that he understood the
gentleman that if the government, in raising a rev-
enue, looked to the industry of the country, that was
a violation of the constitution. The gentleman from
South Carolina also said that the constitution was
established on the principles of free trade. Now, h&
was prepapared to show that so far from the consti-
tution being for the establishment of free trade, one
of its main objects was the protection of the indus-
try of the country. Mr. S. next spoke of the opera-
tions of the tariff law in the section of country he
came from, and contended that so far from its being:
unjust and oppressive, it had operated there most
beneficently. For his part, he knew that his sec-
tion of the country was not oppressed by it. The
people of his country felt none of the burdens
which were so loudly complained of; and while
they sold what they had dearer, and bought what
they wanted cheaper, than they did before the pas-
sage of the law of 1842, it was hard to convince
them that they were oppressed. Mr. S. .produced a
list of the prices of a number of the articles con-
sumed in his country to show that they were lower
than they were before. He then went on to argue
that the bill on the table would not produce revenue
sufficient for the annual expenditures of the govern-
ment, and to provide for the public debt.
Mr. Stephens continued, and appealed to the
reduction of prices under the tariff of 1842; and he
asked the gentleman from Alabama how else it was
to be accounted for.
Mr. BELSER rose and replied as follows to the
question put to him by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens.] He asked of the gentleman from
Georgia if the reduction of the price of the articles
spoken of by him was alone confined to this coun-
try? He further inquired of him whether a more
than corresponding reduction had not taken place in
the price of the same articles in Great Britain. He
still further asked him if the market of Great Brit-
ain was in any manner affected in prices by compe-
tition from the introduction of the manufactures of
this country into that. Unless the gentleman from
Georgia could show a different state of facts to exist
in the premises, he believed that he would derive no
advantage from his position. The same articles
stated by the gentleman to have decreased in price
here, having cheapened in at least a corresponding de-
gree in Great Britain, without being operated on by
competition from this country, it clearly shows that
the result of law prices here, spoken of by the gen-
tleman, must be attributed to some other cause than
the tariff of 18-12. He (Mr. B.) attributed it to
many causes, to wit: to a restricted currency; to a
lesser disposition to purchase in both countries, in
consequence of the change in currency; to a grow-
ing spirit of economy on both sides of the water;
to the improvement of machinery and a reduction
in the price pf labor.
