CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
Mr. STEPHENS replied that the tariff act of
1842 had had the effect of reducing the prices in
England, and, he contended, to bring down the
prices still more. He then proceeded with his re-
marks, with which he consumed the residue of his
hafrr.
/Mr. RATHBUN next obtained the floor. He
Miad been listening for many days to the discussion
upon this bill, with a view to procuring some
new light upon the subject; but the greater propor-
tion of the speeches which had been made had wan-
dered far from the question before the House. For
his own part, he should confine himself to the imme-
diate question before the committee. It was one of
the most important subjects could be agitated before
Congress. It was a question upon which different
sections of the Union necessarily differed, and it
could only be satisfactorily settled by mutual con-
cession. The operation of the system was unequal
and unjust, affording high protection to the manu-
facturer, and little or no protection to the farmer.
They had been told that high duties made
low prices. This was not deserving of a seri-
ous answer; it was an absurdity, and bore
the evidences of absurdity on its very face. High
duties upon a particular article, it was true,
might produce a hot-bed growth, and force capital
into that particular trade, and reduce the price; but
to say that the reduction of prices was owing to the
existence of high duties, was too gross an absurdity
to require a serious answer. It was said that, under
the operation of this tariff, the country is in the
most prosperous condition, and that specie was
flowing into the country. Would it not be as good
an evidence of prosperity, if it could be shown that
our exports had increased, and that, instead of im-
porting specie, we had imported an amount equal to
our increased exportation of foreign productions?
Mr. R. went on to say that almost every gentle-
man who had addressed the committee in favor of
the protective system had spoken of the prosperity
that had resulted from the tariff of 1840. Now,
where was this prosperity to be foumP Was it in
the price of flour, which was selling in New York at
$4 a barrel? was it in the price of beef and pork,
which was selling at corresponding low prices in
the same market? Gentlemen said that the influx
of specie in the country was an evidence of this
prosperity: which, in his opinion, was a great error.
But if the tariff of 1840 had produced so much pros-
perity, he wanted to know if it had regulated ex-
changes? Exchanges were now in a more healthful
slate than they ever had been before; in fact, from
one end of the country to another, exchange cost no
more than the cost of transportation and the risk and
insurance.
Now, if the whig party had succeeded at the extra
session in getting a bank, they would have said that
their bank had regulated exchanges. The gentleman
from Georgia said that he wanted a national bank to
regulate exchanges; but the gentleman knew that
exchanges were managed better now without a
bank than they ever were with one. The gentle-
man also imputed all the calamities of 1840 to the
want of a high tariff. The revenue (he said) fell off
because the importations fell off. But did any gen-
tleman give the true cause for the falling off of the
revenue? Did gentlemen recollect the immense
amount of State stocks which were sent to Europe
and sold, and the proceeds brought back in British
goods? The banks failed m every State, and
even the States themselves could not meet
their engagements. State stocks depreciated
so that no more could be sent to England to buy
goods? The banks having failed, were pressing their
debtors so that there was a scarcity of money; credit
was paralyzed, and business was prostrated. Here
was enough to account for the falling off of impor-
tations, and the consequent loss of revenue, without
attributing it to the want of a high tariff. But they
had been told much about free trade; and he sup-
posed that it would be written out and published in
all the whig speeches that the democratic party
were in favor of free trade, and, consequently, di-
rect taxation. Now, he had never heard such doc-
trines advocated here; but, on the contrary, the
utmost that the democrats went for was rev-
enue—which, while it afforded a revenue suffi-
cient for the wants of the government, would
afford incidental protection to manufactures,
but not to the extent of giving bounties to one class
of the community at the expense of another. Mr.
R. next adverted to the number of persons engaged
in manufactures, showing how small a number they
were in proportion to the whole population of the
United States; and if (he said) the shipwrights, car-
penters, bricklayers, millers, &c.,were subtracted,
whose labor, not coming in competition with foreign
productions, had no protection, the number left, and
benefit such high taxes were imposed on the people,
for whose was reduced to a very trifling extent. He'
was not a Clay man; but he must insist upon it that
the doctrines preached by Mr. Clay himself on this
subject were infinitely better than what his followers
preached on that floor.
Mr. Clay said he was for a tariff producing suf-
ficient revenue for the wants of the government, and
fiving incidental protection to manufactures. Here
is followers avowed that they were for a tariff
whose sole object was protection. In the South, Mr.
Clay was for a tariff of 20 per cent. Now, while
the democratic party were for giving a tariff with 30
per cent., the whigs charged them with a design to
break down the manufactures of the country.
Mr. TIBBATTS next obtained the floor; and
after speaking some time on the protective policy,
made some remarks on the annexation of Texas to
this Union, and caused the Clerk to read a letter
from General Jackson m favor of annexation. He
was proceeding to comment on that question, when
Mr. BARNARD rose to a question of order. He
said he could not consent, so far as he was con-
cerned, to the discussion of the annexation of Texas
at this time.
Mr. WELLER remarked that the colleague of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. White] had been
allowed to discuss the question of "bargain and
sale," and the gentleman from New York had not
called him to order. And it must be recollected,
that in Committee of the Whole great latitude of de-
bate was allowed. Speeches had been made already
on all other questions than the bill before the com-
mittee, and his friend from Kentucky [Mr. Tib-
batts] now only proposed incidentally to discuss
the annexation of Texas to the United States, which
had certainly more to do with the tariff than the
"bargain and sale," in connexion with the election
of 1824.
Mr. STEENROD hoped the gentleman from
New York would withdraw his objection, as it
would only have the effect of breaking up the com-
mittee. (It was now near 5 o'clock, and there was
but a small portion of a quorum in attendance.)
Mr. BARNARD said the annexation of Texas
had nothing to do with the merits of the question
before the committee, and he could not consent to
its discussion.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he would show the gentle-
man from New York that there was a connexion,
before he got through.
Mr. DUNCAN insisted that the gentleman from
Kentucky had the right to talk as he pleased in
committee.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he was going to show that
Texas would make a good market for Kentucky
bagging, if she was annexed to the Union; and sure-
ly if the "bargain and intrigue" was pertinent, this
would be in order.
Mr. WELLER again urged on the gentleman
from New York, that if he persisted in his objec-
tions, the committee would be broken up; and there
were many gentlemen who desired to speak to-
night, as only three speeches could be delivered to-
morrow up to the hour (2 o'clock) at which, by a
resolution of the House, this debate was to be
stopped.
Mr. DOUGLASS also urged that many gentle-
men desired to speak to-night, as a reason .why the
objection should be withdrawn.
Mr. TIBBATTS said he did not desire to speak
out of order; but as he did not consider his remarks
irrelevant, if the chairman sustained the objection,
he should appeal from that decision.
Mr. HOUSTON remarked that, if the committee
came to a vote, it would be broken up, for it was
evident there was not a quorum present.
Mr. BARNARD said he had no desire to break
up the committee, and therefore he would withdraw
his objection.
Mr. TIBBATTS then proceeded with his re-
marks, and discussed the advantages of the annexa-
tion of Texas.
Mr. T. here read an extract from the letter of Mr.
Van Buren, which he said was the aMest on the
constitutional point which had been written.
Let gentlemen no longer say that the position oc-
cupied by Mr. Clay and Mr. Van Buren were the
same. They were as far apart as the East from the
West. From Mr. Clay they could never expect
assent to the annexation, for it would be his politi-
cal death. As to Mr. Van Buren, all they had to
do was to get the assent of both Houses of Congress,
and he was pledged, in that event, to aid in carrying
it into effect. But there was another party; and he
regretted that Mr. Van Buren was not at the head
of that party. That party was'for the immediate an-
nexation, and to that party he'(Mr. Tjbbatts) be-
longed. They were looking out for a leader, and
he had no doubt they would find one. He was of
opinion that the question should be no longer de-
layed. He was in favor of acting upon the question
now.
Mr. T. spoke until the expiration of his hour in
favor of the immediate annexation of Texas. War
between Mexico and Texas had ceased since the
battle of San Jacinto. All the subsequent warlike
demonstrations had been but marauding expeditions
which were a disgrace to any nation. He depreca-
ted a postponement of the matter, because Great
Britain would undoubtedly bring her influence to
bear to prevent the ultimate and amicable adjust-
ment of the question of annexation between Texas
and this country.
Mr. WELLER moved that the committee rise;
which motion was rejected—ayes 18, noes 50.
No quorum voting,
The committee rose, and reported that fact to the
House.
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the House adjourn;
but the yeas and nays being ordered, Mr. H. with-
drew the motion.
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, it then being a
little after 5 o'clock, the took a recess until 7 o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
At 7 o'clock, the Speaker took the chair, but
there were very few members present. An adjourn-
ment was moved, on which the yeas and nays were
ordered; and, as the roll was called, several other
members appeared. The House agreed to the mo-
tion to adjourn—yeas 22, nays 14.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, "presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. THOMPSON: The petition of J. K. Coffin, M,
Tubb, and 123 others, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Koscuisko,^Mississippi, via Conn Ferr} , to Frank-
lin, m said State: referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads.
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Richard Bland Ran-
dolph, of Virginia, praying for a pension on account of ser-
vices rendered as an officer of the navy of the United States
in the war of the revolution.
By Mr. RUSSELL: The petition of the widow Hannah
Dubois, praying for a pension for services rendered by her
deceased husband in the late war: referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
By Mr. FAKLEE: The petition of A. R. Dennis and 124
others, citizens of Warren conty, New Jersey, for a post
road from Stanhope, in the county of Sussex, via Allamu-
chy, Johnsonbury, Macksboro, Blairstown, and Walnut
Valley , to Columbia, in said county of Warren: referred to
the Committee on the. Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. C J. INGERSOLL: The proceedings of a meet-
ldg of the democracy of the first congressional district m
the State of Pennsylvania, hold on the 3d day of May, 1844,
favorable to the immediate annexation of Texas to this
Union, and expressive of their confidence in John Tyler.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 8, 1844.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made an adverse report on the me-
morial ofPeter A. Carnes, praying indemnity for
losses sustained by him while a sutler in the army;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Committee on
Finance, to which was referred the memorial of a
number of merchants of Baltimore, Maryland, pray-
ing for a drawback on domestic spirits distilled from
foreign molasses, exported, equal to the duty paid
on the raw material, was discharged from its further
consideration, the subject having been reported ad-
versely upon heretofore.
Also, from the same committee, reported back
with an amendment, which was ordered to be print-
ed, the bill from the House for the relief Jolm Fra-
zier and George A. Trenholm.
Also, on motion by Mr. EVANS, the Committee
on Finance was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of John Frazier & Co., pray-
ing that a sum of money exacted from them for a
violation of the revenue laws may be refunded.
Mr. E. also, from the same committee, reported
back, without amendment, and with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, the bill from the House
