584
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
making iui appropriation to defray the expenses of
the session of the assembly of the Territory of
Wisconsin, held in December, 1842, and January,
1843: the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the payment of the legal representatives of
Joshua Kennedy, of Alabama, for the losses sus-
tained by the destruction of his property, in the
year 1813, by the hostile Creek Indians, in conse-
quence of its having been occupied as a fort or gar-
rison by the troops of the United States; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the bill for the
relief of Commodore Charles Morgan was taken up,
as in committee of the whole, considered, reported
to the Senate, and ordered to be engrosed for a
third reading.
PENSIONS—SCHOONER GRAMPUS.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the bill from
the House for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen and marines of the United
States schooner Grampus, was taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole—the question pending being the
amendment reported from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, as a substitute for the bill, which was read
as follows:
That for the purpose of fixing the time at which shall
commence the pensions, under the existing laws, of the
■widows of the officers, seamen, and marines, who were lost
in the United States schooner Grampus, as well as the time
to which the pay of said officers, seamen, and marines, shall
be allowed, the twentieth day of March, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-three, shall be deemed and taken to be
the. day on which the said schooner Grampus foundered at
sea; and that, for the like purpose, the first day of May, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, shall be deemed
and taken to be the day on which the United States schooner
Sea Gull was lost in like manner.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said
officers, seamen, or marines, left no widow, but left a child
or children under sixteen years of age, such child or child-
Yen shall be entitled to the same pension to which the
widow, had there been one, would have been entitled, for
the like period of five years: Provided, That such pension
shall cease upon the death of such child or children.
Amend the title by striking out the words "schooner
Grampus," and inserting the words "schooners Grantpus and
Sea Gull 
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved to strike out from the
2d and 3d lines of the second section, the words "left
no widow, but left a child or children under 16 years
ofage, such," and to insert the following: "shall
have left no widow, or, having left a widow, she
shall have died before the passage of this act, and
there shall be living, at the date of the passage of this
-act, a child or children of said officers, seamen, or
marines, under sixteen years of a^e."
In the fifth line after the word "one," insert the
words "as aforesaid."
He explained that the object of the amendment
was, in case of no widow, or the death of the widow
before the passage of the act, to give the pension to
the child or chilarcn.
The question was put on the amendment, and it
was adopted.
Mr. CHOATE submitted the following at? an ad-
ditional section; which was adopted, viz:
S*:r. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That an allowance shall
be made to the o/hcers and crew of the United States steam-
ship Missouri, for losses sustained by them.by the destruc-
tion of that vessel; according to such scale, and under such
regulations as shall be established by the Navy Depaitment:
Provided, That the entire allowance to each individual, in
the respective grades, shall not exceed the following sums,
to wit: the sum ot $800 to the captain, the sum of $3o0 to a
lieutenant, surgeon, purser, captain or lieutenant of marines,
chaplain, professor of mathematics, or master, the sum of
$200 to a-passed midshipman, assistant surgeon, masters
mate, midshipman, or clerk; the sum of $lf>0 to a boatswain,
gunner, sailmaker. or caipenter, the sum of $60 to any petty
officer, sergeant, or corporal of marines; the sum of $50 to a
seaman, marine, ordinary seaman, landsman, musician, or
Jiiefflan; and the sum of $f>*20 to a boy. And providcdfwther,
That no allowance shall be made to any person bej ond the
amount necessary for just indemnity for his loss by the des-
truction of the said vessel. And provided further, That if, by
the sentence of a court martial, which is hereby diiected to
be holden to inquire concerning the loss of the said vessel,
any blame shall aitach to any of the officers and crew
aforesaid, no allowance shall be mada to such person or per-
sons.
Mr. FAIRFIELD submitted die following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Sec. 4 And be it further enacted, That all the provisions
of the third section of this act shall he, and are hereby, ex-
tended to the officers and crew of the United States ship-of-
A'ar John Adams, destroyed by fire September 3, 1S14.
The question was put on the amendment, and it
was adopted.
The bill was then reported to 'he Senate.
Mr. EVANS remarked that it seemed to him
the committee, in framing this substitute, had de-
parted from the principles of the House bill. He
would like to have some explanation as to the rea-
sons.
Mr. BAYARD said there was a bill in the House,
of Representatives for giving to the widows and or-
phans of those who were lost in the Grampus a cer-
tain number of months' pay. It was apparent that
the committee on Naval Affairs of the House were
not aware of the fact, that the existing pension laws
gave pensions to the widows of those who were lost
under similar circumstances. Upon inquiry, he as-
certained that it was not intended to give them both
pensions and three or four months' pay. All that
was necessary was for Congress to fix a day
upon which the losses took place, in order
that the accounting officer might date the pay from
that period. The Commissioner of Pensions did
not know what he was to say, because he had no
data upon which to act. It was only necessary,
then, to say upon what day the loss occurred. The
first section provides that, for the purpose of fixing
upon the time at which shall commence the pen-
sions under the existing laws for the widows of offi-
cers, seamen, and marines who were lost in the Uni-
ted States schooner Grampus, the 20th day of
March, 1843, shall be deemed and taken as the day
on which the said schooner Grampus foundered at
sea; and it was for the purpose of enabling the ac-
counting officer, in the first place, to date the time
at which the pensions should commence, that the
period was fixed upon.
Mr. EVANS observed that the second section
merely provided that the children of the officers,
seamen, or marines, should be entitled to the same
pension to which the widows were entitled under
the act of 1840. In the act of 1834 provision was
made for the parents; but pensions were also given
to children. The committee of the House were of
opinion that the same policy should be pursued in
regard to the children, if the widow should have
died within the period of five years.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that in the original
bill it was provided that, in case there were no
widows or children, the benefit of a pension should
be extended to the parents.
Mr. BAYARD said that this never formed a part
of the pension system. There was a law which
provided that, when a vessel was foundered at sea,
the widows, and, if there were no widows, either
the children, or the father or mother, or collateral
agent of the deceased officers or seamen, were enti-
tled to three or four months' pay. It was not the
intention now to introduce any new principle at all.
All that was designed in the amendments was to
correct a mistake in regard to the pension law made
by the committee of the House. It was only ne-
cessary to designate the time, in order to carry out
the provisions of that law; and the day was ascer-
tained upon which the loss of the vessel took place,
which enables the Commissioner ofPe.tisions to say
from what period the pension shall commence. The
intention was not to introduce a new principle, but
to ascertain and fix upon the day upon which the
loss of the vessel took place. The committee had
done this; they had fixed upon the 20th March,
which was the official date. There could not be a
variation of more than forty-eight liouis, or three
days. The second section was merely an extension
of the House bill, in conformity with the act of
1817.
Mr. WOODBURY referred to another point,
touching which he was not distinctly heard; and
Mr. BAYARD further explained that that had
formed no part of the system heretofore.
Mr. EVANS observed that the committee had
introduced the principle, or rather revived the old
principle, of providing for the children, in case there
were no widows. He wished they had gone a little
further, and framed a bill in conformity with what
was the design of the original bill; and that was,
that where there were no children, the pension
should go to the parents There were extremely
hard cases to be covered, where there were mothers
entirely dependent on their sons for their suste-
nance—much more dependent than the widows or
children, or certainly as much so as the latter could
possibly be. He should have been very glad, there-
fore, if the committee had gone so far as to report
an extension of the benefits of this bill to the pa-
rents, as well as to the children of those lost. He
moved to restore the provision of the original bill,
by inserting after the word "children," in the second
section, "and if no children or widows are left,
then the parents of such officers, seamen, and ma-
rines," &c.
Mr. BAYARD said it was a very delicate matter
to resist an appeal of this kind- He had no doubt
there w«e instances of great hardship, as had
been said by the senator from Maine, [Mr. Evans;]
but the objection which he was bound to take to the
proposed amendment, was, that it was an enlarge-
ment upon the pension system. Under that system
there were no cases where pensions were granted to
any others than to the widows and children, except
special cases which were not a part of the pension
system, but gratuities or bounties.
There had been several cases of losses of vessels, in
which Congress had thought proper' to grant three
or four months' wages to the widows, children, or
relatives of the individuals who had been lost._ The
senator from Maine was therefore mistaken in re-
gard to the extent to which the pension system went.
This was never apart ofit;anditwas only under that
system that these special acts were passed. _ There
was an act of the kind passed at the same time that
the last pension law was passed; and it was because
of the uncertainty of a general law, that this par-
ticular enactment was passed. Theywent into op-
eration at the same time; but since tfxat time, cases
had been dependent on particular laws.
His objection arose only to the fact that if parents
were introduced, it would be an enlargement of the
pension system. He had no doubt the dependence
of the parent upon the son, as had been stated by
the senator from Maine, was, in many cases, such
as it had been represented to be; but it was undoubt-
edly out of the ordinary course of nature. It would
be striking at the cause of humanity to refuse her
that support which she had derived from her son,
for that short period; but still, as he said before, it
was an extension, and, as such, it was a dangerous
extension, However, he did not mean to make any
strenuous opposition, if it was the pleasure of the
Senate to adopt the amendment.
Mr. WOODBURY did not know whether it was
unintentionally, or through design, that the provi-
sion of this amendment was left out by the com-
mittee. It was a principle, however, which should
not be introduced into the present bill. In effect, it
was making the pension system a system for par-
ticular cases; whereas, it should be a general provi-
sion, and extend to other losses, as well as these
particular ships. There were very many cases in
the navy of the United States where sailors were
lost overboard, who had parents entirely dependent
upon them. It should, therefore, be an amendment
to the pension system. A general bill should be in-
troduced, which would apply to other cases as
well as to this. The effect of the amendment pro-
posed would be to afford relief in the present case,
but it would not apply to any similar case which
might occur.
The question was then taken, and the amendment
rejected.
The amendments of the committee of the whole
were then concurred in.
Mr. BAYARD moved further to amend the bill
by inserting after the word "years" in the 6th line
of the 2d section, the following words:
But in case of the death or intermarriage oftlie widow be-
fore the expiration ol'the said term of live years, the said
pension, for the remainder of the said term, shall go to the
child or children of the said deceased officor, seaman, or ma-
rine."
This amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAPPAN suggested the propriety of includ-
ing the case of the Peacock in the provisions of this
bill.
After some colloquial debate, in which Messrs.
TAPPAN, BAYARD, and CHOATE took part,
the bill, on motion of Mr. EVANS, was laid on the
table till to-morrow,"to enable the senator from Ohio
[Mr. Tappan] to prepare an amendment in accord-
ance with his suggestion.
SOLICITOR OF THE GENERAL LAND OFFICE
Mr. WOODBRIDGE remarked that the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands had, some time since,
under a resolution of instruction by the Senate, re-
ported a bill for the abolition of the office of Solicitor
of the General Land Office. He moved that the
previous orders of the day be postponed, and that
that bill be taken up and considered. The question
was carried in the affirmative; and
The bill to amend the act entitled "An act to reor-
ganize the General Land Office" was taken up as in
Committee of the Whole.
The report of the committee which reported the
bill, and a letter from the Commissioner of the
