5M'-
AP£8N0iX TO THE concessional GLOSB.
June, 1844,
28th Con®..... 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Douglass.
HE. of Reps.
an'd salt herrings, and had no Jrihkbut cold W-ater. A great
intany of us would pray the Almighty to take'us off; it would
be better for us than to live in o.ur poverty and need."
. Frequent allusion has been made ta the fact that
in many parts of the South, and especially in Geor-
gia, the people are turning, their attention to man-
ufactures; and for this reason it is 'supposed, that
their principles will undergo a. change, in common
with .their interest; and from, that quarter the pro-
tectionists are anticipating strong recruits. Now,
sir, it so happens that a very,large proportion of the
manufacturing interest in Georgia, is in my imme-
diate vicinity; and I feel .authorized in their name to
throw back the imputation which such a suggestion
casts upon their honesty and integrity. But r thank
gentlemen for the allusion, for another reason; it
will afford an opportunity to my constituents, to
judge for themselves of the justice of a policy which
fosters and encourages the accumulated capital in-
vested in factories, at the expense of the mechanics
and.farmers of the country, who certainly stand in
need of this fostering care and protection to a much
greater extent than their more wealthy neighbors.
The poor laborer who toils day and night for a
homely subsistence for himself and family, is un-
worthy, of the parental notice of the government; but
the wealthy capitalist presents strong claims for its
protecting influences. Sir, I have grossly mistaken
the feelings and intelligence of our people, if such
principles are destined to receive their sanction and
approbation. -
We have been told that the bill under'considera-
tion is. liable to some of the objections urged against
the existing law. This is true; and no one pretends
that the tariff can at once be brought to a proper
standard. We do not support this bill as a perfect
system; but we support it as a considerable modifi-
cation and reduction of the present high and enor-
mous dulies; and that such is the effect to beantici- •
jmted from its passage is sufficiently evidenced by
tlie fervent zeal and untiring energy with which its
adoption is opposed by the advocates of protection.
It is said that the fate of this bill is sealed; that it
lwer can become the law of the land; nor can it re-
vive the majority vote even of this House, much
less of the Senate, where it is doomed to an imme-
diate rejection, should it ever reach that body.
This may be so; and from the confidence with
which the remark is made, i have prepared my
own mind for such a result. But, sir, it is due to
the southern people that they should be acquainted
with the cause which is to produce this result. It
is now a well-ascertained fact that the anti-protection
feeling is stronger in this Congress than it has ever
been at any former period of our history, if the
South had remained firm and united, as she has al-
ways heretofore been. It is the defection of south-
ern whigs, the abandonment of the position occu-
pied by them as late as 1842; yea, sir, down to the
opening of the present Congress, that fixes and set-
tles upon this country the odious doctrines of a high
protective tariff as a part of their policy. If the
southern whigs will now vote as their predecessors
did in 1842, we shall be enabled to restore the prin-
ciples of the compromise act, calm the agitations of
the public mind, and strengthen the bonds which
cement our blessed Union.
SPEECH OF MR. DOUGLASS,
OF ILLINOIS,
III the House of Representatives, June 3, 1841/ In
reply to Mr. Hardin, contrasting the political
opinions of James luiox Polk and Henry Clay.
The civil and diplomatic appropriation bill being
under consideration—
Mr. DOUGLASS said he had not allowed himself
to participate m any of the political discussions
which had occupied so much of the session, and had
not intended to say any thing on the present occa-
sion, until he listened to the speech of his colleague,
[Mr. Hardin,] who had just taken his seat. His
colleague seemed ambitious to distinguish himself as
the leader of his party in the presidential campaign,
and he was happy to say that he had succecded in
acquiring considerable notoriety in that way Early
in the session, it will be recollected, he made a
speech, or, rather, wrote a book, for the especial bene-
fit of Mr. Van Buren, under the impression that that
eminent statesman would be the democratic nominee
for the presidency. The action of the Baltimore
convention, in the nomination of another distinguish-
ed citizen for that exalted station, has taken my
colleage by surprise, and turned all his hopes of a
glorious immortality, from that effort, into bitter
disappointment. His stories, anecdotes, and witti-
cisms, however much they may be admired for their
elegance and beauty,' have lost their force; and even
those beautiful pictures, in which he represented
himself and Mr. Van Buren as standing side at an
election, have become offensive in his own eyes. It
is truly a sad disappointment: the loss of .his first
born political speech. To a man of delicate feelings
and keen sensibility, it is indeed, a severe affliction—
one under which, as we have seen, the stoutest
heart, and the firmest nerves, sink almost in despair.
I deeply sympathize with my colleague in his mis-
fortune, and, on this .account, excuse, as no doubt
the House will, 'the almost savage ferocity with .
which he has pounced upon Col. Polk as the demo-
cratic candidate for the presidency. The provoca-
tion is very great, and some indulgence is due to the
passions and frailties of human nature. Although
the exhibitions of this day might seem to justify a
different opinion, I assure the House that my col-
league, if not provoked and irritated, is naturally a
very amiable man.
I propose, so far as my lime will permit, to an-
alyze the assaults upon Colonel Polk, and see'how
far they will bear the test of investigation. It is a
source of gratification that they are all of a political
nature—none of them affecting his private and moral
character. I have witnessed, with feelings of pride
and pleasure, the complete and unequivocal evidence
which his political adversaries have borne to his
moral worth and purity of character, as a gentleman
and. a citizen.
The first severe thrust my colleague aimed at
Colonel Polk was, that, when compared with Mr.
Van Buren, "he was but a pigmy beside a giant."
1 was not aware that my colleague considered Mr.
Van Buren a "giant." I find nothing of this kind
in his former speech; nor did I suppose that he so
truly appreciated the moral greatness and intellec-
tual power of that illustrious man. I confess my-
self agreeably disappointed, as I have no, doubt the
people of Illinois will be, when they learn that those
who have been the most industrious in abusing and
traducing Mr. Van Buren, have discovered that he
is not only a great man, but even a giant, when
compared with his distinguished countrymen. But
a few weeks ago, when Mr. Van Buren was sup-
posed to be a candidate for the presidency, he was a
mere pigmy; but now he has become a giant, and
Colonel Polk is the pigmy. When Colonel Polk
shall have served his presidential term, and retired
to private life, I suppose Jie, in hi3 turn, will be-
come the giant, and his democratic successor the
pigmy, in the estimation of my honorable colleague.
It has been objected to Colonel Polk, by authority
equally high, and entitled to about the same weight,
that "he was an industrious follower of General
Jackson throughout his whole life;" and in conse-
quence of the intimate personal relations between
them, as well as the perfect concurrence in their po-
litical opinions, and principles, an4 action, he has
been called the "Young Hickory," as if there was
something in that name calculated to excite a preju-
dice in the minds of the American people. He is
emphatically a Young Hickory—the unwavering
friend of Old Hickory in all his trials—his bosom
companion—his supporter and defender on all occa-
sions, in public and private, from his early boyhood
until the present moment. No man living possessed
General Jackson's confidence in a greater degree, or
displayed more zeal and ability in defending his
fame from the slanders of his enemies, and in carry-
ing out the great republican principles with which
his administration was identified. It is not sur-
prising, therefore, that those enemies should direct
their vengeance at the head of Colonel Polk, and
sneeringly call him the "Young Hickory." That
he has been the industrious follower of General
Jackson in those glorious contests for the defence of
his country's rights, will not be deemed the unpar-
donable sin by the American people, so long as their
hearts beat and swell with gratitude to their great
benefactor. He is the very man for the times—"a
chip of the old block," of the true hickory stump.
The people want a man whose patriotism, honesty,
ability, and devotion to democratic principles, have
been tested and tried in the most stormy times of
the republic, and never found wanting. That man
is .Tames K. Polk, of Tennessee. •
Mr. colleague [Mr. Hardin] has taken the pains
to examine the debates during the whole of Colonel
Polk's congressional career, with the hope of find-
ing something that might be used to his prejudice.
We have heard the result of these examinations to-
day; and may therefore presume that we know all
the charges we will have to meet in the present can-
vass. The first' charge he makes is, that General
Jackson, as President, and Colonel Polk, as the
champion of the democratic party in Congress, sup-
ported the deposite banks as the fiscal agents of the
government, after the remo.val of the.deposites from
the Bank of the United States, and subsequently
abandoned and condemned them. I am willing to
meet this charge, and contrast thecourse of. Colonel
Polk with that of Mr. Clay in regard to the deposite
banks, and leave the- country to decide between
them. It had been the policy of the government,
for a long series of years prior to the election of
General Jackson,-to deposite the public moneys with
the banks, both State and national. Wheln General
Jackson deemed it his duty to take the responsibili-
ty, and remove the deposites from the Bank of the
United States, after the people, by an overwhelming
majority at the ballot-boxes, had decided against
that institution, the whig party, with Henry Clay
at their bead, denounced the deposite banks, and
used every means in their power to crush them.
The democrats considered this war upon those in-
stitutions unjust and improper, so long as they acted
honestly, and discharged all their duties to the gov-
ernment with fidelity; but when, in 1837, those
banks suspended specie payments, closed their doors
against their honest creditors, retained possession of
the whole revenue of the nation, and refused to pay
it over upon the orders of the government, the whole
democratic party, with Colonel Polk at the head, de-
nounced themas dishonest and faithless agents. Then
Mr. Clay and his party suddenly became loud in their
praises, and the active supporters of those banks.
Whilst those banks acted'honestly and-faithfully as
public agents, Mr. Clay could discover no merit—-no
virtue in them. But no sooner had they violated their
trust, proved recreant to their duty, and faithless to
the government, than Mr Clay, and his whole
party, rushed to their support, and sustained, and
clung to them until the people, by the potency of
their voice at the ballot boxes, several the connec-
tion between the government and all banking insti-
tutions, and decreed the establishment of the inde-
pendent treasury system. The difference between
the two candidates, therefore, is simply this: Whilst
the banks acted honestly, Col. Polk garve them an
honest support; when they abandoned their duty,
he abandoned them. On the contrary, Mr, Clay
opposed them until they became dishonest and cor-
rupt; and then immediately became their ardent sup-
porter and advocate.
My colleague has also arraigned Col. Polk for
his opinions upon the tariff; and after having run
through all his speeches in Congress upon that sub-
ject for a period of thirteen years, taking here and
there a detached sentence, still he was unable to find
any one upon which lja was willing to rest his op-
position. He has, however, travelled into Tennes-
see, and hunted up a printed copy of one of Col.
Polk's stump speeches, when a candidate for gov-
ernor, from which he makes an extract that he thinks
will answer his purpose. I read the extract as I
find it published in the National Intelligencer, over
the signature of my colleague:
"He [Col. Polk] was opposed to direct taxes, and
to prohibitory and protective duties, and in favor df
such moderate duties as would not cut off importa-
tions. IN OTHER WORDS, HE WAS IN
FAVOR OP REDUCING THE DUTIES TO
THE RATES OP THE COMPROMISE ACT,
WHERE THE WHIG CONGRESS POUND
THEM ON THE 30th OF JUNE, 1842."
After reading this cxtract from the speech of Col.
Polk, as evidence of his opinions upon the tariff, my
colleague pronounces him unworthy of the suppoit
of the American people, because of those opinions.
These opinions are opposed to direct taxation and to
prohibitory duties, and in favor of a moderate sys-
tem of duties, according to the principles of the
compromise act. Because Col. Polk has expressed
tpese opinions, my colleague considers him un-
worthy of popular favor. I presume my colleague
does not wish to be understood as objecting to him
because he is opposed to direct taxation and pro-
hibitory duties. A system of .prohibitory duties,
whether adopted on the plea of protection, or for
any other professed object, would lead necessarily
fo direct taxation. For, if we prohibit the importa-
tion of foreign goods, no duties will be collected, and
no revenue received. The only resource left
would-be, a resort to a system of direct taxa-
tion for the support of government. To such
a measure Colonel Polk is opposed, and, in
lieu of it, advocates a moderate tariff according
