Jane, 1844:
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE].
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Appropriation Billr-Mr. Douglass.
H. of Eeps.
to the principles of the compromise act, which
would raise sufficient revenue to defray the expend-
itures of the government, and at the same time give
incidental protection to the products of American
labor. I confess my surprise at my colleague's bit-
ter and unqualified denunciation of these sentiments.
The last time I had the pleasure of hearing my col-
league make a political speech before the people of
our own State, he was loud, if not eloquent, in his
praises of the compromise act, and eulogized its
author as the great pacificator, who had restored
peace to his country by the adoption of this great,
food, and wise measure, as he then considered it.
s it possible that the nature and character of this
measure have entirely changed, or that the opinions
of my colleague in regard to its merits have so far'
undergone a change, as to induce him to pronounce
the measure itself wicked and vickms, and the sup-
porter of it unworthy the confidence of-his country-
men?. Is not "my colleague aware that this blow,
although aimed at Colonel Polk, passes by him and
strikes Mr. Clay, and, indeed, the whole Whig par-
ty? Henry Clay was the author of the compromise
act, wrote it with his own hand, introduced'it into
the Senate, and claimed the merit of its passage.
That one measure constituted the entire stock of
Mr. Clay's political capital from 1833, to 1840. It
was the pride and boast of his friends and his party.
During the canvass of 1840, he wa^committed to its
support. "Tippecanoe arid Tyler" were pledged to
the compromise act. General Harrison was select-
ed.as the candidate, on the iscore of availability, with
the promise on the part of his friends that he should
be treated with a generous confidence, without ma-
king any further declaration of principles for the
public eye. To this end he was required to be mum,
and was placed under the guardianship of a committee,
through whom all communication&,were to pass aiid
repass, and responses given to different parts of the
country, North, South, East, and West, in accord-
ance with the local interests and" popular feelings of
each particular section. This system worked ad-
mirably, until the caged candidate, getting restive in
his confinement, broke loose from his keepers, and
strayed "off through the State of Ohio, making
speeches to the assembled multitudes in support of
his peculiar sentiments. Upon the subject of the
tariff, he was the avowed advocate of the compro-
mise act.
Mr. Schenck, interrupting Mr. D. said he was
present at the time, and knew all about it, and asked
leave to explain. . - '
Mr. Douglass. If the gentleman from Ohio was
present,. I will hear" his explanation.
Mr. Schenck. To what time and place did the
gentleman allude?
Mr. Douglass. The gentleman says he was
there, and knows all about it. - I ought then to in-
quire of him as to" the time and place, as he was an
eye witness.
Mr. Schenck persisted in his inquiry. To what
time did the gentleman allude? Was it to Fort
Meigs? That was the only time to which he could
allude. It was the first time he had left his home
and addressed the people, and Mr. S. was with
him.
Mr. Douglass. I decline informing the gentle-
man as to the time and place, for the reason that the
gentleman, as an excuse for interrupting me, had
stated to the House that he was there; and after ob-
taining the floor on this assurance, he insists upon
my informing him what time and place was meant.
Is it possible that the gentleman is ready to swear
to one time or another, or to any place, as circum-
stances may require, or does he know nothing
about it'
Mr. Schenck. Does the gentleman mean to say
that I,am ready to swear to one time or another,
and to any place, as may suit my purposes?
Mr. Douglass. The gentleman said he was with
General Harrison at the time, and then asked me
what time I meant. He must put his own construc-
tion upon it. I have no further explanations to
make upon that point. 1 will state, however, that
General Harrison did make speeches not only at
Port Meigs, but at Dayton, and Cleveland, and a
host of other places. But, to remove all doubt as
to his opinions upon the tariff, I will read hisZanes-
ville letter, which was published and circulated
throughout the Union in 1840, under the direction
of his committee, as the evidence of his then exist-
ing sentiments:
"Z iNFsviLLF, November 2, 1838.
"Gektlfsiev: I liad the honor, this moment, to receive
your communication of } esterday. i regret that my re-
marks of yesterday,were misunderstood in regard to the
tariff system. What I meant to convey was, that I had been
a warm advocate for that system upon its first adoption; that
I still believe in the benefits it had conferred upon the coun-
try; but 1 certainly never had, nor never could have, any
idea of reviving it. What I said was, that I would not
agree to the repeal, as it now stands. In other words, I am
for supporting the compromise act, and never will agree to
its bejng altered or repealed.
"In relation to the internal improvement system, I refer
you, for my sentiments, to my letter to the Hon. Sherrod
Williams. -
"! am, in great haste, with great respect, your fellow-
citizen, W. H. HARRISON.
"Messrs. Foster, Taylor, and others."
Here we have the clear and explicit declaration
of General Harrison, over his own signature. It
admits of no equivocation—no controversy. It is
direct to* the.point. - "In other words, I am for support-
ing the compromise act, and never will agree to its being
altered or repealedGeneral Harrison was elected
President upon that pledge in 1840. It was about
the only great measure upon which his position was
clearly defined, and well understood by the Ameri-
can people. I shall never forget how anxious his
friends were to keep that question directly before
the people as a whig measure, and how solemn
Were their asseverations that they would never de-
part from the principles of the compromise act. I
will venture the assertion, that there is not,a whig
upon this floor who did not endorse and support
the views of General Harrison upon this subject in
1840. I would like to see a whig member rise in
his place and controvert the correctness of this as-
sertion. None such can be found; and yet they
have the effrontery now to denounce Colonel Polk
as unworthy of the confidence of the nation, for
having advocated the same measure to which they
were all solemnly pledged. But, sir, if this~is.goo.d
ground of objection to Colonel Polk, I apprehend it
will apply with redoubled force to Henry Clay.
As I have already'remarked, Mr. Clay was the au-
thor of the compromise act; it was his idol measure
—the .hobby upon which he expected to ride into
the presidential chair. To confirm the statement
that Mr. Clay, as well as General Harrison, and
the whole.whig party, was committed to the com-
promise act, I will read a short extract from his
Hanover speech, delivered 27th June, and reported
in the National Intelligencer of July 13, 1840, as
corrected and revised by himself. Speaking of the
tariff, Mr. Clay says: .
"The question cannot be—ought not to be—one of prin-
ciple, but of measure and degree. I adopt that of the com-
promise act, not because that act is irrepealable, but because
it met with the sanction of the nation. Stability, with
moderate and certain protection, is far more important than
instability, the necessary consequence of high protection.
But the protection of the compromise act will be adequate
in most, if not as to all, interests. The 20 per cent. Which
it stipulates, cash duties, home valuations, and the list of
free articles inserted in the act for the particular advantage
of the manufacturer, will insure, I trust, sufficient protec-
tion. Altogether, they will amount probably to not less
than 30 per cent —a greater amount of protection than was
secured prior to the act of 1829, \\ hicU no one stands up to
defend."
Yes, sir: Henry Clay himself, whilst engaged in
the canvass of 1840, said to the people of Virginia,
"I adopt the compromise act;" and then proceeded to
make an argument in its support. This annuncia-
tion, when put forth by Henry Clay, was deemed
wise, and sound, and patriotic, by my colleague;
but when the same sentiment is uttered by James
K. Polk, he is filled with rage and horror, and
threat-ens a terrible visitation of popular vengeance
upon its author. If I had the time, I would trace
the course of Mr. Clay a little further upon this
subject, for the especial benefit of my amiable col-
league. I would refer to the speeches of Mr. Clay
in the Senate in 1841 and 1842, when he renewed
his pledges' of adherence to the principles of the
compromise act, and also to his published letters to
various gentlemen in' the southern portion of the
Union, in which he'says J|e has devoted all the bet-
ter part of his life to the "reduction of tariffs." I
have no doubt that a review of these interesting doc-
uments would be peculiarly edifying to my col-
league, and I commend them to his attentive perusal,
with the hope that, after a little cool reflection, he
will conie to the conclusion that a man is not totally
unworthy of the confidence of the American people,
merely because he may have entertained and ex-
pressed those sentiments upon the subject of the
tariff. The difference between Mr. Clay and Col-
onel Polk, and, indeed, between the whigs and dem-
ocrats, upon this question, is this: the whigs have
repudiated all their principles and professions, and
violated all their pledges and promises to the people
in 1840; whilst the democrats have adhered to theirs
with fidelity, and thereby preserved their integrity
and consistency. -
My colleague [Mr. Hardin] has also referred, to,
the Oregon question, and called that one of the hum-
bugs of the day, brought up.for the ^purpose of in-
fluencing the approaching elections. He has denom-
inated it a political hobby, a mere humbug, gotten
up for political effect. I confess.. my surprise at
these declarations. I was not prepared to hear
them from any western man, and especially from
the lips of my colleague. "He has certainly not for-
gotten the time when he and I advocated "this same
humbug, and rode this same, hobby, as he is now
pleased now to terfti it, before the people of Illinois.
We did not then call it a humbug, or a political
hobby, nor did the people of Illinois so consider it.
We and they regarded and treated it as a great na-
tional question, involving the- integrity of our terri-
tory, our national hpnor, and the highest interests of
the country. My colleague well lenowa that, "by
advocating this great national measure, or, to. use
his own language, by riding, this political hobby,
he procured his nomination for Congress over his
able competitor, who had made a speech on the
British side of the question, and thereby secured hia
seat in this House.
Mr. Hardin made an explanation, and said that,
prior to his nomination for Congress, he had made
a speech in defence of our title to Oregon, and in
favor of the adoption of measures for its occupation,*
to the exclusion of a foreign power;" but that, during
his canvass, lie had said nothing, or very little, upon
the subject, and that no questions had been asked
him about it. He still adhered to his original opin-
ions in regard to it.
Mr. Douglass resuming, said, he alluded to the
gentleman's speech .in the capitol of Illinois, in favoC
of ihe immediate occupation of Oregon. If.Was an
able and patriotic speech on. the American side of
the question. It was delivered with an enthusiasm
and energy that showed that his whole soul was en-
listed in the success of the measure, and no one sus-
pected that the gentleman was mounting it as a hob-
by to humbug the people, and ride into Congress.
Much less did I expect that, after riding his hobby
successfully, .and reaching the goal of his ambition,
he would ridicule .and denounce the very, measure
that enabled him to succeed. The people of Illinois
are not to be humbugged- in this way. They will
teach their representatives to support here, in good
faith, the measures which they professed to advocate
at home before their elections.
Not content with ridiculing the Oregon question
himself, my colleague has endeavored to create the
impression that Colonel Polk was also against it.
His argument, when condensed and analyzed, is a
beautiful specimen of logic. The Oregon question,
he says, is a humbug; Col. Polk opposed the hum-
bug, therefore he ought not to be President. Again,
it is a political hobby; Colonel Polk wouldnH ride
that hobby; therefore he ought not not to be elected.
Surely this is a a choice specimen of Whig logic.
But is it true that Colonel Polk is, or ever was, op-
posed to Oregon? Where is the evidence to sustain
the charge? My colleague has not, and canfiot, pro-
duce it. He has referred to a speech of Colonel
Polk on this floor in 1828s in which he pointed out
some objections to the bill then pending, and moved
its reference to a committee, for the purpose of ha\~
ing it so amended as to obviate those objections. In
that very speech Colonel Polk reviewed the whole
history of our title to that territory, made an able
and learned argument in its defence, and avowed his
unalterable determination never to consent to its
abandonment, or the occupation of the country by
a foreign power. If my colleage had examined. th|
Register of Debates a few pages further, he would
have found the following:
" Mr. Polk moved to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the Oregon bill, and
to commit it to the Committee on remtones, with instruc-
tions to report an amendment, having for its object. 1st
the extension of the civil and the criminal jurisdiction of
the courts of the Territory of Michigan overall citizens of
the United States who areormaybc in the country « est
of the Rocky mountains, and between the latitudes of t'~
des and 64 deg 40 min. north, west to the Pacific ocean;
and 2d, an exploration and survey of the northwest coast of
America, between those latitudes, its bays, mlets, and har-
bors. and of the Columia river and its tributaries." .
This proposition is probably the ongn of Dr.
Linn's plan for the occupation of Oregon by the ex-
tension of the laws of Iowa over that country. If
Colonel Polk's proposition had - been adopted 111
1828, if the laws of the United States had been ex-
tended over that Territory sixteen years ago, and
its coast, bays, harbors and rivers^ had been
