MQ
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
als, as compared with the mass of itg members; while a
' more thorough acquaintance with the House, and of its
members, uevef fails to increase the estimate of that vast
aggregate of talent and intelligence always to be found in
the House of Representatives.
In conclusion, allow me to say that I shall never cease to
remember,-with pleasure and with gratitude, the many evi-
dences which, through a long service, I have uniformly re-
ceived, of the confidence and kindness of the body, individ-
ually and oollectively, and to assure its members, without
distinction or difference, of my prayers for their continued
prosperity and happiness.
-"With sentiments of great respect,
I am, sir, very respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
DIXON H. LEWIS.
- Hon. John W. Jones,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the vacancy in the Committee
of Ways and .Means, occasioned by the resignation of Mr.
Lewis, was ordered to be filled.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was ordered that the Com-
mittee on Commerce be discharged from the consideration
of the petition of citizens of Keene, in the State of New
Hampshire, for the protection of the colonies at Liberia.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, the Committee of
the Whole was discharged from the further consideration
of bill No. 26, to fix the value of certain foreign moneys of
account in computation at the custom-houses; and the same
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. E. D. POTTER asked and obtained leave to withdraw
from the files the papers in the case of Haycock.
On motion by Mr. PARMENTER, by general consent,
the business on the Speaker's table was taken up and dis-
posed of.
The following bills from the Senate were read twice and
referred:
An act to apply certain alternate sections of the public do-
main towards the completion of works of internal improve-
ment, in the State of Michigan: referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
An act for the continuation of the Cumberland road, in
the States of Indiana and Illinois: referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
An act to grant certain lands to the State of Indiana, the
better to enable the said State to extend and complete the
Wabash and Erie canal from Terre Haute to the Ohio
river: referred to the select committee upon that subject.
An act supplementary to the act entitled "An act to regu-
late the pay of the navy of the United States:" referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act for the relief of George Harrison and his sureties:
referred to the Comittce of Claims.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The following executive communications were laid be-
fore the House, read, and referred:
A letter from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a report of the Secretary of War in relation to agents
or persons employed since March 4, 1837, without express
authority of law, &c.
A letter from the President of the United States, transmit-
ting a report with accompanying documents, from the Sec-
retary of War, containing all the information that could be
furnished by that department respecting the allowance of
claims previously rejected; which letter and reports were
laid upon the table.
Mr. JENKS, from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, made a report upon the case of Peters, Moore, &
Co., accompanied by a bill for their relief; which bill was
read a first and second time, and committed to a Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. RELFE, from the same committee, made a report
w tkc of Dunning R. McNair, accompanied by a
• Dill for his relief; which bill was read a first and second time,
and committed to a Committee of the Whole House.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. McKAY called for the special order of the day; and
the House accordingly proceeded to the special order, be-
ing the consideration ot the tariff bill, as reported with
amendments from the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr Mc KAY being entitled to the floor, rose and rcmaiked
that, us the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Barnard,] one
of the members of the Committee of Ways and Means, was
desirous of addressing the House, he would yield the floor
for the purpose of enabling him to do so
Mr. BARNARD proceeded to address the House in oppo-
sition to the views of the majority of the Committee of
Ways and Means, as set iorth in their report. He examined
the report m detail, controverting the positions taken by
the committee. He contended that the bill w hich hod been
reported by the committee was neither a revenue measure,
inasmuch as it would produce less rovonUH than the present
tariff law, nor a protective measure, because it reduced the
amount of duties upon almost all articles of import.
Mr. McKAY was next awarded tlv lluur.
Mr. HOLMES rose to a point of order, the gentleman from
North Carolina having alrealj had the floor
The SPEAKER said the gentleman fiom North Carolina
had not addressed the House on this bill
Mr. McKAY then proceeded. Tie. said, having-
reported this bill from the Committee of Ways and
Means, it became his duty to say something' in its
defence, and more particularly in answer to some
objections which had been made in the course of
this debate against its passage. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Barnard] stated" that the
Committee of Ways and Means had not been calh J
upon at all for any revision of the tariff at the pres-
ent session; or, at least, that they were not authoi-
ized to do so by any statement of the Secretary of
the Treasury; but the -gentleman forgot that the
Secretory of the Treasury, m his annual report,
£prmnumcated the fact that there would be a defi-
ciency in the revenue, and that means must be taken
to meet it. It was true, the Secretary did not say
whether, by an increase or decrease of the duties
fixed by the act of ] 842, the desired improvement in
the revenue could be made; but the gentleman from
New York would not surely intend to say that the
Committee of Ways and Means were not to look to
any other sources of revenue than those that might
be indicated by the fiscal officer of the government.
It was their duty to look wherever they thought al-
teration was necessary; and wherever the committee
deemed alteration advisable, it was their duty to re-
port that fact to the House.
But it had been said, by some others, that this
was not a proper time to alter the tariff act, for that
this was the eve of a presidential election, and that
this subject should remain untouched until the pre-
sidential election was settled. Now it was a re-
markable fact, that since the adoption of this pro-
tective system in 1816, to the present period, with
the exception of the act of 1842, every single act
levying duties on foreign imports, was passed on the
eve of a presidential election. It was so in 1816,
1820,1824,1828, 1832; and so oil at intervals of four
years, in each case, just preceding a presidential
contest. The only exception was 1842; and he
would appeal to the House if there was anything
in the character of that act, or in its details, to com-
mend it as an example for imitation. He could not
believe in this doctrine now so current, that they
must look to the result of presidential elections for
the settlement of all the great questions by which
parties in this country were divided. If that were
to be the doctrine—if all the great questions were to
be postponed for?finaI settlement to new admininstra-
tions—they would surrender the powers of Con-
gress into the hands of the executive, and give him
not only the power of recommending measures to
Congress, but something more than the initiation
of measures for this government. If, then, it was an
appropriate time to pass tariff acts just before pre-
ceding presidential elections in the history of this
government, he asked if it was not also a propi-
tious time now to relieve the people from the
burdens imposed by a tariff act.
But it had been said by some other gentlemen
that the Committee of Ways and Means did not
pursue the course which was pursued by the same
committee in 1842; that they did not apply for in-
formation to the manufacturers of the country.
This remark, he believed, was made by a gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Wethered.] Now
the committee was called upon to report to this
House if there could be any improvement made in
the revenue by an alteration of the act of 1842. It
was not necessary to apply to the manufacturers;
and if application had been made to them, would
they have made any other recommendation than an
increase of the rates of duties for their own benefit?
All the committee did, was to apply to importing
merchants for facts; and, in the circulars addressed
to the importing merchants, they were distinctly
told that facts, and not opinions, were desired. The
committee desired to know what was the operation
of the tariff act of 1842 on the articles imported.
Was there any impropriety in this? The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means received, from the import-
ing merchants to which the committee's circulars
were addressed, a number of statistical tables, which
were in the room of the committee, and could be
seen by any gentleman who desired to see them;
but the general result was appended to the report of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Having disposed of these preliminary points, he
now came to the main inquiry, Was there anything
in the act of 1842 which required amendment? Tie
would admit, if there was nothing at all objectiona-
ble in the details of that act, they should, of course,
make no attempt to alter them at the present time,
for it was no paitof the duty of the committee to
change simply fur the sake of change; but it was
the conviction of a majority of the Committee of
Ways and Means that the rate of duties was en-
tirely too high for the purposes of revenue, and
that those duties ought to be reduced. Every mem-
ber of the House would have seen, by an inspec-
tion of the tables which are appended to the report
of the committee, that the dimes ranged from a quar-
ter of 1 per cent, up to 200 and more per cent.; and
he would ask the House if this fact alone did not
show that these enormous duties should be modi-
fied, as being too onerous for the purposes of rev-
enue? But," taking the Treasury tables as the
standard, it would be seen that the average rate of
duties on imports paying specific duties was up-
wards of 50 per cent.; and on those paying; ad valo-
rem duties upwards of 24 per cent.—making a gen-
eral average of 37 per cent.; and he would ask the
House if this fact, independent of all other consid-
erations, did not furnish sufficient evidence of the
fact, that the tariff act of 1842 was necessarily
highly restrictive? Why, could it be expected, if
the doctrine which had been * broached here was
true, that the foreign producer, and not the consu-
mer, paid the duties on ifnports, that the foreign
producer, and not the consumer, paid the duties on
imports, that the foreign producer would consent to
be taxed at something like the rate of 37 per cent?
Could it be expected that they would send as many
goods here as they would if the duties were more
moderate? But, in addition to this, this law had
been operation, when the Committee of Ways and
Means were called upon to act, but from the 1st of
September, 1842; they had been furnished with re-
turns under its operation but for nine months; and
the tables which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Barnard] had referred to in his speech, had
been furnished subsequently, and had not been seen
by the Committee of Ways and Means, when he
made its report. But the tables which he furnish-
ed with his report, showing the imports from the
1st October, 1842, to the 30th June, 1843, were be-
fore him; and what did they show? Why, sl very
great falling off of duties paid into the treasury of
the country. The duties had fallen down to $29,-
000,000. True, the free goods were upwards of
$25,000,000. But how was it that there was a fall-
ing off ofthe import duties? He would but go into
details to show the effect produced on particular ar-
ticles, as gentlemen could do that for themselves if
they deemed it.
He proceeded to compare the amount of imports
at various periods, and the amount of revenue de-
rived therefrom, to show that a greater amount of
revenue had been the invariable result of a lower
rate of duties. Why did gentlemen object so stren-
uously to a reduction of the rates of duties? It was
because the result would be a larger amount of im-
portation, and consequently a competition with the
manufacturers of this country. He referred to the
estimates made at various times of the expected re-
ceipts from duties on imports, to show how errone-
ous were the views of the most sagacious and best
informed upon the subject. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means who reported the
bill of 1842, estimated the probable receipts under
that bill at the net amount of twenty-five or twenty-
six millions of dollars. But what was the fact? The
net revenue derived from the imports under that act
during the first year did not amount to sixteen mil-
lions—ten millions less than was estimated by the
friends of the bill. The trade ift various articles up-
on which high duties had been placed by that act,
had almost ceased altogether.
Mr. McK. referred to the authority of Mr. Ew-
ing as one that ought to have great weight with
many in that House. At the extra session, Mr.
Ewing, in his report to Congress, estimated the
amount of imports into the country, not for one, nor
two, nor three days, but for a series of years, at on«
hundred and forty millions; and deducting from this
only fourteen millions for free articles, he left an
amount of one hundred and twenty-five millions of
dutiable articles, on which he proposed a duty of 20
per cent., which he said would produce twenty-five
millions of dollars. Mr. McK. then quoted several
tables in the reports of the Treasury Department,
showing that the amount of exports was always
greater during the existence of low duties than in
the years when the duties were high. Mr. McK.
then referred to the argument of Mr. Wimthrup
that a high tariff would produce an influx of specie
into the country, and referred to the tables in the
treasury reports to .show that the contrary was the
fact. At fiist, (he said,) a high tariff was favorable
to importations ^ of specie, but ultimately it kept
specie from coming in.
Here the hammer fell, announcing that Mr.
McKay s hourhad expired
The question beinjy on concurring in the report made m
Committee ofthe V, hole,
Mr CI LLOM demanded the previous question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved a call ot the House.
Mr PETTIT called for the yeas and nays; which beinff
ordered, the question was taken, resulting—yeas 109, nays
So 9 call of the House was ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and 200 members an-
swered to their names.
Mr. "VVELLER moved that all further proceedings made*
the call be suspended.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 94, nay a 66,
