Congressional gloik
891
The question then recurred on seconding the demand for
the previous question.
The effect of this motion would be to cut off all amend'
ments to the bill, and bring the House to a direct vote upon
the amendments adopted in the Committee of the "Whole,
and upon the bill as amended.
Mr^ C. JOHNSON called for tellers, and Messrs. Grinnell
and C. Johnson were appointed, and they reported 93 in
the aihrmative, and 65 in the negative.
So there was a second. The main question was also or-
dered to be now put.
The SPEAKER then announced the question to be on con-
curring in the amendments of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. ELMER said he believed it was now in order to
move to lay this bill on the table.
Mr. C.JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HARDIN asked the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Elmer] if it was intended hereafter to call up this bill
if that gentleman's motion to lay it on the table should pre-
vail, or was this to be considered a test vote. (Loud cries
from all parts of the House, "Yes, a test vote.") They were
then distinctly to understand that it was a test vote?
(Loud cries of "Yes, a test vote.")
The SPEAKER interposed and said all debate was out ef
order.
The yeas and nays were then ordered and resulted thus—
yeas 105, nays 99.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker. Barringer,
Barnard, Bidlack, James Black, Brengle, Brodhead, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Jeremiah E. Cary.
Carroll, Catlin, Causin Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Col-
lamer, Cranston, Dana, Darragh, G. Davis, R. D. Davis De-
ben y, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Dillingham. Ellis, Elmer,
Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, French, Giddmgs,
Willis Green, Byram Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin
Harper, Kubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B.John-
son, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatnck,
Mcilvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moselcy,
Nes, Newton, Parmenter, Patterson, Peyton, Phcenix,
Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Preston, Ramsey, Rayner, Ritter,
Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, Sample, Schenek, Senter, Sev-
erance, David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, John
T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Stephens, Stetson, An-
drew Stewart, Summers, Sykes, Thomasson, Tilden, T\ler
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wethered, Wheaton, White,
Williams, Winthrop, William Wnght.and Yost—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Andeison, Atkinson, Bayley, Belser. Ben-
ton, James A Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin Boyd
Brinkerhoft, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell,
Campbell, Shepherd Carey, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A.
Chapman, Chappcll, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom,
Daniel, John W. Davis. Dawson, Dean, Douglass, Drom-
goole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ficklin, Hale, Hamlm, Hammet,
Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hubard, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt, Cave
Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew
Kennedy, Preston King, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lump-
kin, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand,
McConnell, McDowell, Mc.Kny, Mathews, Joseph Morris,
Murphy, Norris, Owen, Payne, Petit, Emery D. Potter,
Pratt, Rathbun, David S. Rod, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Rob-
erts, Robinson, St. John, Saunders, Thomas II. Seymour,
Simpson, Slidell, Robert Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart,
Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Wel-
ler, Wentworth, Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright—99.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. IRVIN moved a reconsideration of the vote just
taken, by which the bill was laid upon the table, and de-
manded the previous question.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the House adjourn.
Upon this motion the yeas and nsys were demanded, and
ordered,
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if the motion for reconsid-
eration was entered upon the journal.
The SPEAKER informed the gentlemen from Virginia
that the motion was entered
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted—yeas
77, nays 126, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayley, Belser. James A.
Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlm, Boyd, Brmkerhoff. Wm.
J.Brown, Burke, Burt, Campbell, S. Carv,Catlin,Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman. Chappell. Clinton, Cobb,
Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, Dawson, Dillingham, Drom-
goole, Duncan, Dunlap, Halo, Hamlm, Hammet, Haralson,
Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Andrew
Johnson, George W Jones, Andrew Kennedv, Labranche,
Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslcn, Maclay, McCler-
nand, McConnell, McKay, Mathews, Joseph Morris, Mur-
phy, Norris, Owen, Payne, retut, Emery D. Potter, David
S. Reid, Rhett, Roberts, St. John, Saunders, Simpson. Sli-
dell, Thomas Sm/th, Bobert Smith, Steenrod, Stiles, Taylor,
Thompson, Welier, Wheaton, and Woodward—77
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson. Ashe, Baker, Barrin-
ger, Barnard. Benton, Bidlack, James Black, Brengle, Biod-
head, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Cald-
well, Jeremiah E Cary, Carroll, Causin. Chilton, Clinch,
Clingman, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Darragh, Garrett Da-
vis, Richard D. Davis, John W Da"\ is, Dean, Deborry, Del-
let, Dickey, Dickinson, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklm, Fish,
Florence, Foot, Foster, French, Giddings, Willis Green,
Byram Green, Grinnell, Grider, Haidin, Haipei, Hopkins,
Hubbell, Hudson, Hungerford. Washington Hunt, James B
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll. Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston
King, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Lyon McClelland,
McDowell. Mcilvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris. Morse.
Mosely, Nes, Newton, Parmenter, Peyton. Phcenix, Pol-
lock, Elisha R Potter, Pratt, Preston, Ramsey. Rathbun,
Rayner, Reding, Relfe, Ritter, Robinson, Rockwell, Ro-
gers, Russell, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance. Thomas
H. Seymour. David L Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, John
T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Spence Stephens, Stetson, An-
drew Stewart, John Stewart, Stone, Strong, Summers,
Sykes. Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Van-
meter, Vinton. Wentworth, Wethered, White, Williams,
"Wmthrop, William Wright, Jos. A.Wright, and Yost—1:26.
Mr. SUMMERS announced that his colleague, William
? yas *n a*tendance. The oath was administered
<rn Pe er' an<* Mr. Goggin took his seat.
tlues^10n then recurred upon the motion to recon-
si 5?J,°,Te,5ry whioh the W'l was laid upon the table.
a* moved acall of the House: not ordered.
Mr. PAYNE moved that the question of reconsideration
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. WINTHROP asked the Speaker if the effect of a post-
ponement would not put the bill in the same situation as it
then was lying on the table, and requiring a vote or two-
thirds to take it up.
^ The SPEAKER said he would decide that question when
it came up.
The question was then taken on the motion to postpone,
and decided in the negative, yeas 98, nays 103, as follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson, Bayley,
Belser, Benton, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bow-
lin, Boyd, Jacob Brinkerhoft", William J. Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Shepherd Cary, Reuben Chap-
man, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clinton, Cobb,
Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ficklin, French, Hale,
Hamlin, Hammet, Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Holmes,
Hoge. Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, James B Hunt,
Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, An-
drew Kennedy, Preston King, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas,
Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, Mc-
Clernand, McConnell. McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Joseph
Morris, Murphy, Norris, Owen, Payne. Pettit, Emery D.
Potter, Rathbun, Da\id S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Rob-
inson, St John, Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons,
Simpson, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, John
Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Tib-
batts, Weller, Wentworth, Woodward, and Joseph A.
Wright—98
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Bidlack, James Black, Brengle, Brodhead, Mil-
ton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, J. E. Cary, Car-
roll, Causin, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Collamer, Cran-
ston, Dana. Darragh, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis,
Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Dillingham, Ellis,
Elmer, Farlee, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, Giddings,
Goggin, Willis Green. Grinnell, Grider, Hardin, Harper,
Hays, Hubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles J. In-
gersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, John P Kennedy, Daniel P King, Kirkpatrick,
Mcilvaine, Marsh, Edward J Morris, Morse. Moselcy,
Nes, Newton, Parmenter, Peyton, Phcenix, Pollock. Eli-
sha R. Potter, Pratt, Preston, Ramsey, Rayner, Ritter,
Rockwell. Rogers, Russell. Sample, Schenck, Senter, Sev-
erance, David L. Seymour, Albert Smith, J. T. Smith,
Cdleb B. Smith, Spence, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stew
art, Summers, Sykes, Tohmasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance,
Vanmeter, Vinton. Wethered, Wheaton, White, Williams,
Winthrop. William Wright, and Yost—103.
The question recurring on the motion for reconsidera-
tion.
Mr. DROMGOOLF. moved that the House adjourn; and the
yeas and nays having been ordered,
Mr. HOLMES asked to be excused from voting on the
question of adjournment. His reason for asking to be ex-
cused were: a motion was made, which cuts off, for the pres-
ent, legislation—legislation upon an important measure,
which has attracted the attention of the whole nation,
the eyes of which were upon the House Now it was im-
portant, that they should not avoid legislation, which was
necessary to satisfy the demands of the people.
Mr. ELMER called the gentleman to order for irrele-
vancy.
Mr. HOLMES said he was showing why he should be ex-
cused from voting. The people were "demanding of the
House legislation on an important subject, and the motion
to adjourn was to avoid it. On the one side a bill was to be
voted for, the object of which was to repeal an existing
law, which was anlagonistical to it. Now he demanded
that, the issue being made up, the House should understand,
before he was compelled to vote on the motion, what was to
be the effect of it. As he understand the matter, one part of
the House had said that the whole Union w as injured bv the
existing tariff, while the other part had said that it was high-
ly beneficial As the ground, therefore, that was token by
many of his anti-tariff friends, was not tenable, he wished to
bo excised from voting; and he wished to be cxcused be-
cause he was placed in a position which admitted that the
tariff wis eminent!} beneficial to the country.
Mr HOPKINS and others called Mr II. to order, and ob-
jected to his proceeding.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was out of order.
Mr HOLMES wished to put a question to the Chair.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman could not proceed
without the leave of the House.
Mr. HUDSON moved that the gentleman have leave to
proceed m ord^r.
Mr COBB called for the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered; when
Mr. HOLMES observed that he gave up—he would not
take up the time of the House In a call fbi the yeas and
naj s He had better die as Czpsnr did—with dignity.
The question was then taken on the adjournment, and
was decided m the negative—j'eas 90, nays 112, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Atkinson. Bayley. Belter,
James A Black. Blackwell, Bow er, Bowlin, Boyd. Brink-
erhoff, William J. Brown. Burke, Burt. Campbell, Shepherd
Cary, Catlin. Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman.
Chappell, Clinton, Cobb Coles, Cross, Cullom, Daniel,
John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dun-
lap, Elmer, Hale, Hamlm. Hammet, Haralson, Henley,
Herrick, Holmes, Hoge. Houston, Hubard, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Johnson. George W. Jones. Andrew Kennedy
Preston King, Labranche, Leonard. Lucas Lumpkin, Lyon,
McCauslen, Maclay. McClelland. McClernand, McConnell,
McDowell, McKay" Mathews, Joseph Morris, Norris, Owen.
Payne. Pettit, Emery D Potter. Pratt, David S Reid, Relfe,
Rliett. Robinson. St. John, Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour,
Simons, Simpson, Slidell. Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Steenrod,'John Stewart. Stiles. Stone. Strong. Sykes, Tay-
lor. Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller, Wheaton, and Joseph A.
Wright—90.
, NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Baker,
Barringer, Barnard, Benton, Bidlack. Brengle, Brodhead,
Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Caldwell,
J. E. Cary, Carroll, Causin, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Col.
lamer, Cranston, Dana, Darrah, Garrett Davis, Richard D.
Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Dillingham, Ellis,
Farlee, Ficklin, Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, French, Gid-
dings, Goggin, Willis Green, Byram Green, Grinnell, Gri-
der, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hopkins, Hubbell, Hudson,
Hughes, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirk-
patrick, Mcilvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Mose-
ley, Nes, Newton, Parmenter, Patterson, Peyton, Phoenix,
Pollock, ?Elisha R. Potter, Preston, Ramsey, Rathbun, Ray-
ner, Reding, Ritter, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, Sample,
Schenck, Senter, Severance, David L. Seymour, Albert
Smith, John T. Smith, Caleb B Smith, Spence, Stephens,
Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Summers, Thomasson, Tilden,
T)-ler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wentworth, Wethered,
White, Williams, Winthrop, William Wright, and Yost—
The SPEAKER again announced the question to be on
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
on the table.
Mr. HARDIN called for the yeas and nays; and they were
ordered, and resulted—yeas 99, nays 103, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson, Bctyler,
Belser, Benton, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower,
Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkerhoff, William J. Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Shepherd Cary, Reuben Chap-
man, Augustus A Chapman, Chappell, Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Cross, Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ficklin, Hale, Hamlin, Ham-
met, Haralson, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubard, Hughes, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy,
Preston King, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon,
McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell,
McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Joseph Morris, Murphy,
Norris, Owen, Payne, Pettit, Emery D. Potter, Rathbun,
David S. Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Robinson, St. John,
Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell
Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart,
Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Weller,
Wentworth, Wheaton, Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Bidlack, Brengle, Brodhead, Milton Brown, Jere-
miah Brown, Buffington, Jeremiah E Cary, Carroll, Catlin,
Causin, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Collamer, Cranston,
Dana, Darrah, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Deberrv,
Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Dillingham, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee,
Fish, Florence, Foot, Foster, French, Giddings, Goggin,
Willis Green, Byram Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hardin,
Harper, Haj s, Hubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Charles
J Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick,
Mcilvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Moseiey,
Nes, Newton, Parmenter, Peyton, Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha
R. Potter, Preston, Ramsey, Rayner, Ritter, Rockwell,
Rogers, Russell, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance,
David L. Seymour, Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Spence, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Sum-
mers, Sykes, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter,
Vinton, Wethered, White, Williams, Winthrop, William
Wright, and Yost—103.
So the motion to reconsider was'not agreed to, and the
bill is laid upon the table.
Mr. HENLEY gave notice of his intention to introduce a
resolution to amend the rules.
Mr. A. STEWART then said that, as a death had just oc-
curred in the House, he moved that this House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. WENTWORTH called ior the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered; and the original motion was agreed
to.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were handed to
the reporters by the members presenting them:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Catharine Jackson,
praying for a pension, by reason of the services of her late
husband, John Jackson, m the revolutionary war. Also,
the petition of citizcns of Manchester county, Va , on the
subject of the tariff.
By Mr. JOHN T. SMITH: The peti ion of Jacob S. Mint-
zei,R B. Dodson, and 68 other citizens of Philadelphia
county, praying for thp immediate reannexation of Texas
to the United States.
By Mr. RAMSEi: The petition of George Fisher, Mar-
tin Kendig, and 114 others, citixeus of Dauphin county,
Pennsylvania, protesting against any change in the tariff of
1842.
Corrfctjon.—It was incorrectly stated m our repoit of
Wednesday's proceedings, that Mr Tibraii s moved to in-
crease the duty from 25 to 30 per cent, on cot-ton bagging.
Mr. T.'s motion was to increase the duty on tow from 25 to
30 per cent, the duty on cotton bagging, ag proposed in the
bill, being already 30 per cent.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday'. May 12, 1S44.
The minutes of yesterday were read and approved,
Mr CAMPBELL then inquired if this and thp two suc-
ceeding legislative days v. ere not set apart by resolution of
the House for the consideration of the nutdness of the Dis-
trict of Columbia
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative, hut he said there
was a motion pending to reconsider the vote by which the
House thad set apart these three days for that purpose: it
was made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dt->-can,] and
would have precedence.
Mr. SIMONS desired permission to present a petition.
Mr. DUNCAN said the gentleman could lay n on the
