m
CONGRESSIONAL Qt&m
Clerk's tal)le tinder the rule, as he disposed of all his peti.
tions.
Mr. SIMONS said he wished to have it read at the Clerjc's
table. . , ,
Mr. DUNCAN inquired if it was likely to lead to debate.
Mr. SIMONS said it would not.
Objections were made, and the petition was not received.
Mr. DUNCAN briefly advocatedthe adoption of his mo-
tion, and explained his object to be to get up his bill to fix
the election of electors of President and Vice President of
the United States, for one uniform day throughout the
United States.
Mr. HAMLIN also advocated the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL opposed the motion. If the bill of the
fentleman from Ohio should now bccome a law, it could not
e carried into effect at the next presidential election with-
out great difficulty and expense. Many of the States would
be compelled to hold special elections. He had not strength
to debate the subject, and he should move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays; and they were
ordered, and being taken, resulted thus—yeas 83, nays 75.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bills relating to the District of Columbia, and the
and the same were* referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SYKES, from the Committee on Enrolled Bills, re-
ported a private bill, which was signed by the Speaker.
On motion by Mr. CAMPBELL, the House then resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. J.R. Ingersoll inthe chair.)
BANK CHARTERS.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved that the committee take up bill
No. 244, to extend the charters of the District banks.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON inquired if a bill on this subject
had not been passed by the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL said the Senate had had such a bill
under consideration, but the bill had not been passed, nor
was it likely that it would be, within the three days set
apart for the consideration of the District business.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he thought there could be
no propriety in having two bills, upon the same subject,
under consideration at the same time, one in each House,
producing a sort of cross fire.
Mr. McCAUSLEN also objected to proceeding with the
consideration of this bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL suggested tnat it was too late now to
object to take up the bill, as it was already before the com-
mittee for consideration.
Messrs. WELEER and others denied that the committee
had, as yet, agreed to take up this bill; and, after some con-
versation upon this point—
The question being put by the CHAIRMAN, tellers were
called for, and Messrs. Winthrop and C. Johvson were ap-
pointed; who, having counted the votes, reported 77 in the
affirmative, and SO in the negative.
So the committee refused to take up the bill.
INSANE ASYLUM.
Mr. CAMPBELL then moved to take up Senate bill No
10, providing for an insane asylum in the District of Co-
lumbia.
A division being called for, there were 81 votes in the af-
firmative, and 31 m'the negative.
The motion was carried, and the committee took up the
said bill. r
At the request of Mr. CAMPBELL, a statement made by
Doctors Miller, Thomas, and Lindsley, setting forth the ob-
jects and advantages of the asylum, was read.
The Clerk then commenced reading the bill by "sections,
; when
Mr. RATHBUN moved to amend the second section, by
siriking out the salary of $250, proposed to be allowed to
* each of the inspectors. Mr. R. thought it was asking enough
of Congress, to say the least of it, to furnish the building and
provide for the support of the lunatics, without asking it to
pay the salaries of the persons appointed to take charge of
it." In his State the lunatic hospitals were managed for
eighteen years without any salaries being given to the in-
spectors; and now, notwithstanding their responsible duties,
and the large disbursements they annually made, they were
paid only $50 dollars a year.
Id reply to the statement made by the corporation of
Washington, that comparatively nothing had been done for
the District, Mr R. read a statement showing the appropri-
ations made by Congress, from the year 1800 to this time, for
the repair of streets, lor the canal, tor the Columbian College,
and for the Holland debt, &c,, Sec.
Mr CAMPBELL hoped the amendment would not prevail;
for upon the inspectors, whose salary the gentleman pro-
posed to strike out, depended the whole management of the
institution As to the charge that the gentleman made, that
the citizens of the District were calling on the government
to support their paupers, it was entirely without foundation
for their own paupers were provided lor m an institution of
their own, and would not be a charge on this asylum In
the last seven years, the citizens of this District had received
into their own asylum 1,500 sick, and / 00 paupers, who were
taken care of until cured and discharged.
He alluded to the increase of lunatics in this District, in
consequence of this being the seat of gc\ernment—a con-
sideration winch had induced Congiess some few yeai& ago,
to make an appropriation for their support at Baltimore; and
said the question was merely whether they should be pro-
vided for m this District, or their support m Baltimore paid
for. He went on at some length to advocate the bill on the
grounds of justice, humanity, and constitutionality.
Mr. ELMER advocated the bill; but he spoke m favor of
the amendment of the gentleman from New York (.Mr.
Rathbux.] Why (he asked) was it necessary to cast puch
a stigma on this District as to assume that three persons
could not be found in it to accept gratuitously the honorary
position of director, when all t£te States in the Union found
such men to conduct their establishment without any re-
muneration whatever? i
Mr. CAMPBELL explained that they had responsible du-
ties; and it pould not be expected that men of business
would sacrifice their own avocations, if they were not to be
remunerated in any way.
Mr. SEVERANCE said that such officers in the State of
Maine were paid by the State government.
Mr. ELMER said it might be so; but in most of the States
these officers were honorary. He then went into some re-
marks on the state of the District generally.
Mr. WHITE said he had thought if there was any bill
that would have received the just, the liberal, and even the
kind consideration of this House, it was this bill. He spoke
at some length in support of the bill
Mr. RATHBUN made a brief explanation in reply to Mr.
White
Mr. PETTIT opposed the*amendment, and advocated the
bill, on the ground that the city was compelled to take care
of non-resident paupers and lunatics coming from the States,
and that humanity required that Congress should enable
them to do so.
Mr. KING of Massachusetts spoke in opposition to the
bill. He believed it was the duty ofCongress to provide for
the insane of the District; but, under this bill, no suitable
provision could be made for their care and treatment.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY asked for the reading of a letter
which had been addressed to him on this subject; and it
was accordingly read.
Mr. P. B. JOHNSON offered the following amendment:
Strikeout all after the enacting clause to the end of the
eighth section, and insert—
That the sum of four thousand dollars be, and the same
is hereby appropriated out of any unappropriated money in
the treasury for the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of the insane paupers of the District of Columbia, for
the fiscal year ending June 30th, 1S45. Provided, That the
amount paid for each person, shall not exceed four dollars
per week.
9th section, appropriate 4,000, for the support of the
lunatics of the District, at tke Baltimore Asylum.
Mr. JOHNSON then proceeded to state his objections to
the bill in its present shape, which w ere—that the building
was not fit for the purpose for which it was contemplated;
because there were no means of warming the rooms, and the
lunatics would perish with cold; there were no means of
soperating the noisy and filthy fiom the rest of the lunatics;
and not sufficient security in the building to prevent the
escape of such as were disposed to fly. Under these circum-
stances, he thought it more consistent with humanity, as
well as economy, to make an appropriation for the main-
tenance of the lunatics of the District at the Baltimore Asy-
lum.
Mr. SIMONS said he had paid but little attention to the
bill, and none until since it came up for debate this after-
noon, and that the remarks made by the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. King,] and those of the hon-
orable gentleman lrom Ohio, [Mr. Johnson,] had rendered
it almost unnecessary to speak at all on the subject under
consideration, and that what he had to say would be to add
to what they had said, for, as far as they had gone, they
had spoken accordant to his views. They indicated by
their remarks a knowledge of the subject under discussion.
They showed practical understanding, and he did not
doubt but they had practical knowledge on this subject.
As to the legitimate application of money from the United
States treasury for the purpose, he would not say a word;
but, allowing that we have a right, and that it is a duty to
do so, the question arises, whether this bill judiciously
applies the appropriation to answer the ends of this charita-
ble and philanthropic undertaking. If it is proper and
legitimate to appropriate money for this object, it was a
matter of minor importance what the sum should be. The
object embraced in an amendment introduced by the honor-
able member from New York, to strike out the paltry sum
of a few dollars, was what should not engage his attention;
the magnitude of the object of such an institution foibade
his attention to it.
This is a subject (said Mr. S.) of vast importance. It is a
subject that embraces all of man that is man—the mind of man
—too vast to be set down against dollars and cents; and it is
secondary to me whether it will cost more or less, if so
be the sum is required to accomplish the great object in
view. *
I am told that the building inthe northerly part of this
city is the proposed retreat for the reception of this unfor-
tunate class ot our fellow-beings, and is to be denominated
the retreat for the insane—an edifice in the midst of a bust-
ling, boisterous city of strifes and political distraction; a
low, contracted edifice, without a fit prospect, air, or ade-
quate grounds, in which no sane man could long remain so
were he to be committed there, especially in the company
to which he would be subjected.
This bill provides that paupers, lunatics and idiots, sick
and disabled soldiers, marines, and seamen, and all idiotic
and lunatic vagrants, shall be admitted into this estabhsh-
mcnt, called an asylum for the insane; and this letieat to
be placed undf r a physician or phvpieians, whose business
it shall be to administer to the mental as well as physical
diseases of man—diseases the most obscure, complicated
and intractable, to euro which the energies of the strongest
mind, the w lsest moxalist, and the most read)' adaptation is
required, and this bill provides that he shall visit and
administer to the inmates, and receive any annual sum not
to exceed five hundred dollars.
Sir (said Mr. S) when the edifice, (being an old discarded
prison refitted ) its location, and its organization bj th.s bill
are all taken into consideration, it shows conclusnelv the
inadequacy of its author, it shows him to be behind the
age, and unacquainted with improvements made within the
last forty \ears to ameliorate and cure this most unfortunate
class of oiii fellow-men. What! think of restoring one to san-
ity in a crowded, confined prison, surrounded bvidjofs, sick
paupers,and agrants, under a stew ard to preside,who can be
procured for five hundred dollars per annum, subjected to the
medical and mental treatment of a physician worth five' hun-
dred dollars per annum or less. A physician competent to take
charge of these most formidable diseases of the human mind
should be a man whose talents should entitle Jnm to a
salary of not less than three thousand dollars He must be a
philosopher, a scholar, and peculiarly endowed with the
highest order of intellect, to do justice to this glass of unfor-
tunate human beings. Mr. S. said he was unwilling to de-
tain the committee, nor did he think it necessary longer to
do so, for he presumed the House would not manifest their
insanity by adopting this insane scheme; it would be a retro*
grade move; it would carry us back forty years, and re-es-
tablish the old Bedlam treatment of lunatics, which consist-
ed of prisons, punishments, and chains.
The question on it was then taken, and it was adopt-
ed; and the bill was laid aside to be reported to the House.
The committee next took up the bill to abolish imprison-
ment for debt inthe District of Colnmbia.
Some debate .and suggestions to amend occurred, in
which Messrs. SCHENCK. HALE, J. CAMPBELL, SAM-
PLE, CHILTON, G. W. JONES, BELSER, and others,
took part; all agreeing that imprisonment for debt should
be abolished; butsome contending that provision should be
made to punish fraudulent debtors.
The committee rose and/eported the bill providing for an
insane asylum, with amendments.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were handed to
the reporters by the members presenting them :
By Mr. FISH: The petition of Ann Pearsey, widow of
Jonathan Pearsey, for a pension. The petition of Edward
Roach for a pension.
By Mr. HAYS: The petition of Adah Smith, widow of
James Smith, a soldier ol the revolution, praying for relief:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also,
the petition of the heirs of Benjamin Haight, a revolutiona-
ry soldier, praj mg for aid: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions. Also, the petition of Elizabeth
Pain, widow of Thomas Pain, a soldier of the revolution,
praying for relief: referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions. Also, the petition of Hannah Smith, heir of
John Maire, praying for remuneration for the services of
her father, a revolutionary soldier: referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 13, 1S44.
Mr. BAGBY presented preamble and resolutions adopted
at a public meeting of the citiz.cns of Mobile, Alabama, in
favor of the annexation of Texas to the United States, on
the ground that it was demanded by a high state of necessitv,
such as warranted the government in the purchase of Lou-
isiana from France.
Mr. B. said as he should, in all probability, be called upon
to present his views upon this great and interesting subject
in another form, he would say no more at piescnt than to
bear testimony, which he did with great pleasure, to the
talents, worth and patriotism of those who participated in th 
adoption of the resolutions. He knew them to be gentle-
men of high talents, worth and patriotism. He moved that
the resolutions be read and laid on the table.
Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr" BREESE presented a remonstrance of Orville Pad-
dock, and 83 other citizens of Springfield, Illinois, against
the annexation of Texas to the United States: ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the proceedings ol a public meetg
ing of Meigs county, Ohio, at which were adopted resolu-
tions against the ratification of the Texas treaty: ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. RI VES presented the proceedings of a large meeting
of the citizens of Fauquier county, Virginia, without dis-
tinction of party, and resolutions adopted thereat, in favor of
the annexation of Texas to the United States.
Also a memorial signed by numerous citizens of the coun-
ty of Prince Edward for the same object; which were or-
dered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, leave was granted to with-
draw from the files the petition and papers of Nathaniel
Wood.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from citizens of
Wayne county, Pennsylvania, strongly urging the re-an-
nexation of Texas to the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from B. F Messenger
and other citizens, of Illinois, praying for some legislation
m regard to the half-breeds tract of land m Iowa, which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. McDUFFIE presented certain resolutions of citizens
of Marion district, South Carolina, in favor of the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States: ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Pensions, reported
back, with an amendment, which was ordered to be printed,
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Lois Crouall,
alias Croukhite.
Also irom the same committee made adverse reports
(which were ordered to be printed) on the bills from the
IJou.se for the relief of Daniel In?alls and Elijah Blodget,
and the petition ol I-oami N'cllon for a pens'on.
Air BATi-I.j, fiom the Committee on Pensions, made an
adverse report on the petition of Jiobort Pomdexter for a
pension,which was ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr BARROW,
Re&olreri, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
directed to commumcatc to the Senate a copy of all regula-
tions which have been prescribed since the 30th August,
13W, for the inspection of all  ugnrs and molasses imported
from foreign countries, in order-to prevent frauds, and to
prevent the introduction of sugars, sirup of sugar, sirup of
cane, or bottling sirup, under the title of molasses, or in any
other improper manner, and further, that he inform the Sen-
ate whether any frauds upon the revenue (and if <my,
what) have been attempted by importers of sugars or mo-
lasses, or any kind of sirup.
On motion by Mr. STURGEON, it was
Revoked, That the Committee on Pensions be, and they
are hereby, required to report on the fxpedifncy of placing
George Wes-t, late of company D, first regiment of the
United States infantry, on the pension ioil for disability con-
tracted in the Plorida war.
Mr. S also presented certain papers in support of the
claim; which were referred to the Committee on Pensions,
