COMRESSIOML GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
MONDAY, MAY 20, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 38.
[Continued from.No. 37.]
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of C. R. Mitt of Lou-
isiana, praying for the confirmation of a certain tract of
land: referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
THE DISTRICT BANKS.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the Senate bill No. 86 (to ex-
tend the chatters of the banks of the District of Columbia)
was taken up. the question pending being on concurring in
the amendments made in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved to amend the amendment added
as a fourth section, by striking out the following portion
in relation to the enforcement of individual responsibility:
"One or more trustees shall be nominated by the directors
of the said bank so failing, subject to the approval of the
President of the United States, who shall give bond and
security, to be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury
and the chief justice of the circuit court of the District of
Columbia, to such amount as the said President of the United
States, Secretary of the Treasury, and the chief justice
shall deem necessary and to insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing: "On the application of such banks, or of any holder
of the notes of the same, three trustees or receivers shall be
appointed by the circuit court of the District of Columbia,
being neither stockholders nor noteholders of the said bank
or banks so failing, who shall give bond and security.
Mr. SEVIER objected to the alteration proposed by this
amendment. He considered it reasonable that the directors,
whose immediate liability was so great, should have some
participation in the nomination of trustees.
Mr. RUCHANAN, at so late a period of the session, was not
disposed to enter' into a prolonged discussion on this matter.
The difference between the senator and himself was upon
this question: whether trustees for the benefit of the credi-
tors, should be chosen by the circuit court, from amongst
competent, responsible and disinterested individuals, or
whether the parties by whos>e mismanagement the failure
has been occasioned shall be permitted to nominate the in-
dividuals who are to wind up the concerns of the bank
which they have mismanaged. If such a matter were re-
ferred to a court of chancery, the court would at once
make the selection on its own independent judgment.
There could be no reason why the district judge should not
have the nomination.
Mr. SEVIER continued still of opinion that it was better
to leave his amendment as it was, without the modification
proposed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN thought it was of very little conse-
quence whether the modification was made or not. If
adopted, there could be no doubt that a prudent judge
would consult the directors as to the choice of trustees.
Mr. MILLER did not see much difference in pnnciple be-
tween the modiiication proposed by the senator from Penn-
sylvania and the original provision of the bill. He agreed
with the senator from Kentucky, that there could be no
doubt that a prudent judge would consult the directors in
the choice of trustees.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that, on reflection, he con-
sidered the amendment of the senator from t'enns) ivania
more consonant to the practicc of appointing trustees than
the amendment of the senator from Arkansas. There could
be no propriety, as there was no necessity, for mixing up
the affairs of these banks with the duties of the President of
the United States.
The question was then ta*en on Mr. Buchanan's amend-
ment of the amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. SEVIER moved to amend the amendment just adopt-
ed, by designating to whom, and for what purpose, the
bonds should be given.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that, as a matter of course,
that would be done by the judge of the court} but he had
no objection to the designation proposed.
The addition proposed by Mr. Sevikr was adopted, as fol-
lows: After the words, shall gn'e bond and seruufy, "to
the TTnited States for the use of the creditor* of the id
banks."
Several veibal amendments, moved by Mr, MILLER and
Mr. CHOATE, weie adopted.
On the recurrence of the question of concurring in the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole, as amended,
Mr. TAPPAN called for the yeas and najs, which were
ordered.
The question was then iakpn, and resulted—yeas '2-2, nays
1!)—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Borrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
ton, Buchanan, Choate, Crittenden, Evans* Francis,
Fulton,Henderson, Huntington, Jarnagin, McDufiic, Man-
gum, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Rives, Sevier, and Wood-
bridge—22.
NAYS—Messis. Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Benton,
Breese, Colquitt, Fairfield, Haywood, Huger, Lewis,
Phelps, Tappan, Walker, Woodbury and Wright—15.
So the amendments were concurred m.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading
At a subsequent stage of the proceedings, the bill, as en-
grossed, was taken up and read a third time; and the ques-
tion being on its passage,
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nay?, which were
ordered. Mr. P. explained his reasons for "voting against
the bill. He should do so because he could not recognise
the principle incorporated m the amendment adopted as a
fourth section. It wos utterly opposed to the true principles
of banking, which w ere founded on the expectation that
the stock would be made up of surplus capital, and held by
men whose object was to lend money, and not to borrow it.
The fourth section of the bill, as it now stands, he considered
calculated to deter persons of capital from becoming stock-
holder, and to invite mere men of straw to become direct-
ors—for none else would incur the responsibilities, their
object being to become borrowers to a much larger amount
than that of their responsibilities. On these grounds he
should vote against the bill.
Mr MILLER rose to reply, but
Mr. BENTON remarked that he should move to go into
executive session
Mr MILLER requested the senator would allow the
question to be taken. He would not detain the Senate by
the reply he intended*
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas 22, nays
14, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bayard, Berrien, Buchanan.
Choate, Crittenden, Evans, Francis, Fulton, Henderson,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, McDuftie, Mangum, Miller,
Morehead, Porter, Sevier, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Bagby, Benton, Breese, Fair-
field, Iiannegan, Haywood, Huger, Phelps, Semple, Tap-
pan, Walker, Woodbury, and Wright—14.
So the bill was passed.
THE GRAMPUS, SEA GULL, JOHN ADAMS, MIS-
SOURI, AND PEACOCK VESSELS-OF-WAR.
The House bill No. 36, in relation to the relatives of the
officers and crew of the United States schooner Grampus,
was taken up as in committee of the whole, and the bill, as
©mended by the Senate when before under discussion, was
read, including provisions for the cases of the Sea Gull,
John Adams, and Missouri.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to include the case of the Peacock,
lost at the mouth of the Columbia river, in the exploring
expedition.
Mr. BREESE objected to exempting this case from the
rele of having a decision by court of inquiry or court mar-
tial, to show that the claimants did not forfeit their claim by
negligence.
Mr. PAPPAN observed that the department had already
investigated that matter, and that was the reason further
inquiry seemed unnecessary; not that there was any ob-
jection to a court maitial on the part of the officers.
On motion by Mr. BREESE, the amendment was so modi-
fied as to place it within tho same rule as the case of the
Missouri.
The amendment of Mr. Tafpan, thus modified, was
adopted.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend theVill by an additional
section, providing that the balance of $5,909, appearing
against the purser of the Grampus, on the books of the de-
partment, and for which his securities weie now responsible,
be remitted. Mr. E. explained that this \yas a sum, as usu-
al in all cases of vessels of war fitting out for a cruise, ad-
vanced by the department to the purser to lay in stores for
the crew, and to iurnish money to advance them, according
to their necessities, at such ports as they might touch at.
No doubt could exist that the whole amount ol the advance
was on board, in either money or necessaries purchased
•withit, when the vessel foundered, and that it was thus
lost. It w as not right, under those circumstances, to let the
balance remain on the books oftlie department against the
securities of the purser
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was then reported back fiom tho committee, and
the amendments wore concurred in, with the exception of
that relating to the John Adams, which, at Mr. BAYARD'S
request, was reserved for a separate question.
On the question of concurring m the amendment relative
to the case of the John Adams,
Mr BAYARD remarked that, in consequence of amend-
ments made to the general bill, recently under discussion,
cases of capture were excepted fiom its operation; and he
conceived this case would come under that exception lie
read from a volume of the Naval History of the United
States a narrative of the facts connected with the case of
the John Adams, which w as burned by Commodore Monis,
in lSl-i, to prevent the enemy fiom getting possession of it.
Mr. FAIRFIELD contended that this was not a case of
capture but of the most meritorious and bnlliant character.
Mr. CHOATE advocated the cause of the John Adams.
The reason of the exception in the general law was the
danger of prospective provision for cases of capture. Even
if the case of the John Adams was one of capture, which he
contended it was not, it was not prospective: it related to a
gallant and brilliant transaction which took place thirty
years ago.
This matter was debated at considei able length by Messrs.
BAYARD, FIARFIELD, and CHOATE; after which the
amendment was concurred in.
On the question of engrossment, Mr. HENDERSON
moved to strike out the second section, (relating to children
being entitled in cases where there are no widows) Mr.
II. proceeded for some time m explanation of his resistance
to this extension of the pension s\ stein; but
The CHAIR decided that the motion to strike out w as not
in order after the Senate had'concurred m the amendments.
A short debate oil tliis question of order ensued, and th^
difficulty was removed bv assenting to a motion of reconsid-
eration, by which the bill was again placed in the condition
of having the question put on concurring with the com-
mittee of the whole in the amendments.
Mr. HENDERSON then moved to strike out the second
section; and called for the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered.
Messrs. BAYARD and HUNTINGTON opposed the mo-
tien to strike out. ^
On that question the yeas and nays resulted—yeas 12,
nays22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Atherton. Bagby, Benton. Breese, Hay-
wood, Henderson, Lewis, Semple. Se\ iei, Sturgeon, Tap*
paiij and Wright—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Evans, Fairfield, Francis,
Iiannegan, Huger, Huntingtei?, Jarnagin, Johnson, Mil-
ler, Morehead, Simmons, Tallmadge, White, Woudbiidge,
and Woodbury—22.
So the second section was not stricken out.
The amendments were then concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of .Mr. BENTON, the Senate went into cxocu]
tive session; and after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 13, 1811.
The Journal having been read,
M&gpAVE JOHNSON observed that this, was the day to
■whicrrthe resolution of the Senate, fixing the day of the* ad-
journment of Congress, was postponed. lie moved now
to postpone the previous orders, so as to take up that reso-
lution, and dispose of it.
Mr. DICKINSON asked if this day was not specially
assigned for the consideration of that resolution.
The SPEAKER said that when the resolution came up in
its order, it was postponed until to-day, but it was not made
a special order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved a call of the House, which
was agreed to: ayes 87, noes 34.
The roll having been called by the Clerk, 175 members
answered to their names.
The absentees were then called, and it was ascertained that
195 members were present.
On motion by Mr C.JOHNSON, all further proceedings
under the call were dispensed with.
The question recurring on Mr. C. Johnson's motion,
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and najsj which
were ordered.
Mr C. J. INGERSOLL asked if this was a debatable
question.
The CHAIR, said that it was.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said that as he had one or two
remarks to make on the subject, he might as well make
them now.
Mr. C. JOHNSON suggested to the Cliair, that as this was
a question relating to the priority of business, it was not
debatable.
The CHAIR remarked to the gentleman fiom Pennsyl-
vania that his attention was not drawn to the state of the
question when he told him it was a debatable one. Regu-
larly a question of postponement is debatable; but this mo-
tion was to postpone the business befor-e the House, in order
to give priority to other business. It was therefore not de-
batable.
The question was then taken on Mr. Joh^sot'o motion,
and resulted in 137 yeas, 60 nays.
So the previous oiders were postponed
Mr. C. JOHNSON called lor the reading of the resolution;
and it was read accordingly.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose, and desiied to make some
observations on the resolution.
Mr C. JOHNSON said he had not yielded the floor.
Mr C. J. INGERSOLL hoped his Iriend fiom Tennessee
would not make a speech on the subject, and then move the
previous question, to cut off others from the same priv-
ilege.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said the House was perfectly familiar
with tire subject, and it was well known that, for the last
ten or twelve 3 ears nearly all the business of the session
had been done during the last few weeks, if not the last
two weeks.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL again interposed and said he de-
sired in the most friendly way, to inquire if*the gentleman
from Tennessee intended to make a speech, and then to
move the previous question He asked for information.
Mr. SAUNDERS asked the gentleman fiom Tennessee to
give way, that he might move an amendment to strike out
the 27 th of May, and insert the 17th of June If tlwi gentle-
man from Tennessee would allow that amendment to be
moved, he (Mr. S.,) would then vote for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. McKAY suggested an amendment to fix the 10th of
June.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said the gentleman from Tonnes-
see had not answered his question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said, when he heard the question, and
quiet could be restored, he would say w hat he intended to
say. He should have finished long ago. if he had not been
interrupted.
Mr PARMENTER said he perceived that the resolution,
in its present form, proposed to fix the 27th of May next for
the adjournment; but if it passed m that shape, it would
keep them here twelve months longer, and he wi&hed to
know if that was intended. (Laughter.)
Some further conversation ensued.
Mr C. JOHNSON then moved the previous question
On seconding the demand for the pievious question, tel-
lers were called for and ordered; and Messrs. B'-rvk and
Wini-hrop were fppointed; and they reported otf m the af-
firm ative, and 112 in the negative.
So there was no second.
Mr HOUSTON moved to strike out the "27th of M&y,
and insert "the 17th day of June," and asked for the previous
question.
Mr. C J INtlF.RSOLL desired tho gentleman from Ala
bama to allow him an opportunity to move an amendment
to postpone the question altogether.
Mr. HOUSTON said, in calling the previous question he
had followed the example ofthe gentleman from Tennessee,
f.Mr. C. Johnson,] and he did not"like to lose the ground he
had got, although he was in fa\or of the proposition oi tim
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr l\g*.r&oi i . <
