CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. INGERSOLL, then moved to lay the whole subject
oil the table.
Mr. DICKINSON called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and being taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 178,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayley, Belser, Benton,
Edward J. Black, Reuben g Chapman, |Clinton, Cobb,
Dawson, Douglass, Haralson, Hays, Holmes, . Charles J.
Jhgersoll, McClernand, Payne, Rhett, Roberts, Saunders,
Stiles, Tibbatts, and Tucker—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Arrington,
Ashe, Baker, Barringer, Barnard, Bidlack, James Black,
Jaraes A. Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Bren-
gle, Brinkerhoff", Brodhead, Milton Brown, William J.
Brown, Buffington, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell,
Jeremiah E. Cary, Shepherd Cary, Carroll, Catlm, Causin,
Augustus A. Chapman, Chilton, Clingman, Coles, Colla-
mei, Cranston, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Darragh,
Oarrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis Dean
Deberry, Pellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Dillingham, Drom-
goole, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin,
Fish, Florence, Foot, French, Giddings, Goggin, Willis
Green, Byrara Green, Grinnell, Grider, Hale, Hamlin,
Harper, Henley, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins, H#ard,
Hubbeli, Hudson, Hughes, Hungerford, James B. Hunt,
Joseph R Ingersoll, Irvin, Jameson, Jenks, Cave John-
son, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W.
Jones. Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy, Preston King,
Daniel P. Kmg, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lucas,
kuropkm, Ly°n' McCauslen, Maclay, McClelland, McCon-
nell, McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Edward J. Morris,
Joseph Morris, Morse, Moseley, Murphy, Nes, Newton.
Noms, Owen,.Parmenter, Patterson, Pettit, Peyton, Phoenix,
Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Preston,
bun, Rayner, Charles M. Reed, David S. Reid, Reding,
Rclfe, Ritter, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, Russell, St.
John, • Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Thomas H
Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, Simpson, Slidell,
Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew
Stewart, John Stewart, Stone, Strong, Summers, Sykes,
Taylor, Thomasson, Thompson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance
Vanmeter, Vinton, Weller, Wentworth, Wethered, Whea-
ton, White, Williams, Winthrop, Woodward, Joseph A.
Wright, and Yost—178. • 1
The question then recurred upon Mr. Houston's amend-
ment.
Mr. BIDLACK said he hoped the gentleman from Ala-
bama would allow his motion to be amended so that they
might have the alternative of the 17th or the 10th.
Mr, HOUSTON said the difference between the 10th and
the 17th was but small; he thought it as well to adhere to his
amendment.
The demand for the previous question was seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be now put.
Mr. REDING called for the yeas and navs, which were
a^foUows" CmS takC"' resuited tllus—yeas 114, nays SS,
YEAS-Messrs. Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson, Baylev Bel-
teI' iaTS „A' ®'ac.k>. Blackwell, Boyd, Brengle, Brink-
crhon, Brodhead, William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Camp-
tell, Shepherd Cary, Catlin, Causin, Beuben Chapman,
Augustus A. chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Dana, Dan
ici, Darragh, K. D Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dillintrharn, Doug-
lass, Duncan, Dunlap, Elmer, Farlee, Foot, Foster, FrencI
Hale. Hammet, Haralson, Hays, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge!
Hopkins Houston, Hubard, Hubbeli, Hungerford, James li!
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jameson,
George W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Kirkpatrick, La-
\wi ' puca8' Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen,
ii McClelland, McClernand, MeConnell, McDow -
ell, McKay, Mathews, Joseph Morris, Newton, Nor-
ris Owen, Farmenter, Patterson, Payne, Pettit, Elisha R.
s t 1 SK  P,?tteS- Pratt' Prest<>n. Rathbun, David
8. Had, Khett, Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Russell, St. John
SfJ1!1,6' Senders, Thomas H. Seymour, Simons, Simpson'
I! I* oiTmaL h' Caleb Smlth> S'eeiirod, 5ohn
Stewart Stiles, Stone, Sykes, Taylor, Thomasson, Thomp-
ei°nn' him'- T"oker> teller, Williams, Woodward, and
Joseph A. Wright—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Anderson, Baker Bar-
nnger, Barnard, Benton, Bidlack, James Black Bower
Jjowlni, Milton Brown, Buffington, Caldwell, Jeremiah
cary, Carroll, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Collamer Cran-
ston, Cross, Cullom, Garrett Davis, John W. Davis Deber-
ry. Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Dromgoole, Ficklin Fish
Florence, Giddmg-s, Goggin, Willis Ciieen, Byram Green!
Grmnell, Grider, Hamlm, Hardin, Harper, Henley Hud.
son Hughes, Irvin, Jenks, I'erley B Johnson, C. Johnson
Andrew Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston King Daniel P
King, Marsh, Morse Moseley, Murphy, Peyton, Phamixi
RolvS oil ny"er' C',a,rles , Rce"' RedlnS. Robinson,
Kockwell, Rogers, Schenck, Senter, Severance David L
Seymour, Albert Smith, John T. Smith, Stetson, Andrew
Stewart, Strong. Suiumus, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanme-
ter, Vinton. Wentworth, Wethered, Wheatou, White Win.
throp, William Wright, and Yost-Sfi. '
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was then put on the resolution as amended
end it \\ as agreed to without a division.
IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT.
. On motion by Mr. CAMPBELL, the House resolved itself
into a Committee oi the Whole on the state ol the Union
Z r <■ "J"1in 4,he ohair.> itsumed the consid-'
'-ration ot (he bill regulating arrests on mesne process in
me District of Columbia.
to-ne Vdbai amendments were then made, on the motion
Ol Air *./ -0*PBf,LL.
The CHAIR stated that when the committee was lavt m
"™Saaefrq™stJ?n was pending on the amendment of the
custody'011 any civ"
tifiih? j observed that, as he understood the bill
^hir* U ° lhe, gentleman from New Hamp-
er,, it proyjeed that nobody should be hereafter held to
bail, or be committed to custody, in a civil action, in the
District of Columbia. Now, the only law in the District
by which a defendant's appearance can be enforced, is by a
writ of capias ad respondendum; so that, if the bill with the
amendment of the gentleman from New Hampshire became
a law, it would discharge all the debtors in the District from
their debts, except those who made voluntary payment.
Mr. TIBBATTS regretted that he was not here on Saturday
when this matter was brought up. He would now (as he
had informed the chairman of the committee) make a few
remarks on the subject. When he arrived here, he exam-
ined into the laws of the District, and he found them, so far
as related to imprisonment for debt, in a very bad condition.
He had been under the*, impression that, under the act of
1843, imprisonment for debt was abolished; but he found in-
stead of that, it was left in a worse condition, so far as re-
garded the class of citizens who most stood in need of the
Ia^>, than under the old laws. It seemed that, by a construc-
tion given to that law by the courts here, the act of 1S43 did
not apply to debts under fifty dollars; and it appeared to
him that if any class of citizens should receive the benefits
of that law, it was those owing sums under $50, for they
were generally laboring men whose families could not sub-
sist without their support Finding this to be the case, he
had, at the early part of the session, introduced a bill exact-
ly similar to the law as it now existed in his State (Kentuc-
ky) on that subject. Mr. T. then handed up to the Clerk
the act of the Kentucky Legislature of December, 1821, on
the subject of arrests for debt; and it was read for the infor-
mation of the House.
He thought, in introducing such a bill, he should meet
•the wishes of his constituents, if they understood the state
of the case here, they having themselves had such a law
for near a quarter of a century. It would be seen the legis-
lature of Kentucky struck at once at the doctrine of im-
prisonment for debt—holding his property and not his liber-
ty for the discharge of his debts. He (Mr. T.) held that a
man could not barter away his liberty; and that the gov-
ernment could not do it, except for crime.
He then quoted largely from a letter from the Secretary
of State,^ furnishing statistics of persons imprisoned in
this District, and the very small number that was charged
with being fraudulent. He knew when a man became em-
barrassed, acensorious world would chaige fraud upon the
debtor; but by the returns which he held in his hand out of
many that were imprisoned, it was shown that but a very
small number had been charged as fraudulent; and the in-
stances were very rare in which the accusation of fraud was
sustained. In the year 1834, there were 1098 males and 3
females imprisoned in the countv of Washington; and of
that number there-was but one solitary individual charged
with fraud. In the same year there were r>4 males and 1 fe-
maleimpisoned in Alexandria, and not a single allegation of
iiaudmthe \thole. He furnished similar statements for
other years, of a like character, and concluded that branch
ol his statement with the remark that, of 5,000 persons
imprisoned for debt, but 3 had been declared to be fraudu-
lent debtors, But to show the oppression which was en-
dured under this law of imprisonment for debt—a law which
neither benefited debtor nor creditor—hejijuoted statements
ot persons imprisoned for small amounts, the period of their
incarceration, and the amount paid bj the creditor as pris-
on lees. In one case, a person was imprisoned fiftv-six
days foradebt of $23 63; the creditor, on whose suit the
debtor was imprisoned, paid $20 40 prisongees; and the debt
was lost after all. Many other such cases he quoted. He
turther stated that two colored persons had been imprisoned
tor debt, and being unable to pay, .hey were sold to satisfy
their creditor—two human beings, declared free, were sold
into slavery for the payment of a small debt, which they
were unable to liquidate; and this he held to be contrary to
the spirit of our institutions. He spoke "t some length in
support of the immediate abolition of so baibarous a leeal
remedy. 5
The amendment was then negatived.
Mr. FISH offered an amendment, by which fraudulent
debtors would be subject to imprisonment: but m all other
cases he favored the abolition.
The amendment was negatived.
Toi °fere* tlle Kentucky bill, which had
been read by the Clerk, as a substitute for the bill before
the committee.
w2^7iKIrtS?:'? i.n1,lired if tllK gentleman from Kentucky
intended to abolish imprisonment on final judgment.
Mr. TIBBATTS replied that his intention was to abolish
imprisonment for debt in all cases, and subject the proper y
only to the payment of debt. '
„ ™ VP'KIN??v said he was opposed to a law by which
a creditor would be prevented holding his debtor m custody
Tenith i„SUrre *ed h.18, property; and he spoke at some
length m support ot his views. If yQa (continued
Mr. A) pass this law, and abolish the right of the
creditor to take in execution tie body of the defend-
ant. you Will put it in the power of the debtor to sell
Ills property and put the money in his pocket, and pre-
vent tile creditor from recovering, although he may be
well able to pay. Where was the hardship, so lon  as
the debtor was enabled to discharge himself fiom imprison-
mem by taking the oath of insolvency >
WnhHTi?IiATJtS ^ (lle wf ^ very well acquainted
w ith the laws of tins District; but he would 8-k how it har>-
penci rh;-t two persons had been sold in tms Distnut7
-Mr. ATKINSON t-aid he was not aware of the existent
ol any law by which this could be done.
Mr GIDDIXGS said he would lefer the gentleman to i\a
law on this subject.
re^r G'sent the ytotute t0 the Clcrk w be read, and it was
Mr. ATKINSOX scud the statute ju?t lead had no rela-
\an^v to the point in issue It referred onlv to blacks—
a subject on which the mind of the gentleman*seemed con.
Rtantiv to dwell The genTlorr-an reminded him of a voune-
i&oy whose thought's were tixed upon matrimony—contiarv
to the habits ofthe ladies generally, he supposed—and the
gentleman who sat beside her remarked that the evening
healstmSgIam«y'Sir,She ^ JUSt "s paPa Phases; If
T;rTi?e/r,eatquestion now was as to the right of propertv
He had known, in his own State, a man to remain incar-
ceratad for twelve months for a dabt which ha was able to
pay ten times over; and being able to pay, there waa no
hardship whatever in permitting his Imprisonment so
long as ne refused to surrender his propeity. He did not
propose that they should seize a man and sell him,
but that he might be taken in execution, unless he
would surrender his property. In such case he would not
be compelled to remain in prison one single hour.
Mr. GIDDINGS saidhe would preferthat the vote should
be taken, for he was anxious that the business should
progress as speedily as possible; he would therefore refrain
trom detaining the committee with any remarks.
The question was then taken on the amendment, and de-
cided in the negative.
Mr. BELSEK proposed the following amendments: to
strike out all after the word "Columbia," in the fourth line,
down to "discharged," in tho thirteenth line, and insert the
following:
"Unless the party desiring to hold another to bail shall
first make an affidavit, m writing, before some competent
authority, which shall be filed with the papers in the cause,
stating the amount owing to him by bond, note, or open
account, or as the case may be, after allowing to him all
just set-oil) and that the person thus indebted to him is a
resident of the District of Columbia, and that he has fraud-
ulently withheld his money or effects or property from the
payment of his j ust debts; and any person thus held to bail,
under this act, may discharge himself from arrest, by
making affidavit, before some competent authority, which
shall likewise be filed with the papers in the cause, stating
that he has no effects in money, goods, or other property,
above fifty dollars, m his possession, or in the possession of
any other person subject to his control, and to the payment
of his debts."
And the following, to come in as a proviso at the end of
the bill:
"Jlnd provided farther, That so much of this act as pro-
vides for imprisonment by final process shall not apply to
non-resident defendants, who did not reside in the District
of Columbia at the time that the original debt was con-
tracted."
Mr. B. was opposed, as much as any man was, to im-
prisonment for debt, but he was not disposed to license a
debtor to defraud his creditor. He would have them both
placed upon an equality, as far as this could be accom.
plished.
Mr. CAMPBELL made some observations in opposition to
the amendments; after which,
Mr. BELSER consented to withdraw the amendments.
Mr. RATHBUN offered an amendment, striking out the
word "civil." and inserting after the word "actions" the
words "arising from contracts expressed or implied, except
contracts of marriage or debts fraudulently contracted."
• *^rj CAMPBELL suggested that the amendment was not
in order, being in substance the same that was offered by the
gentleman's colleague. [Mr. Fish.]
The CHAIR said the amendment was not in order.
of Tennessee ottered an amendment striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting the wo^ds
"ail laws now in lorce m the District of Columbia author-
izing imprisonment for debt are hereby repealed."
., :vi1r-said he should prefer that amendment to
the bill as it now stood. Civil actions (Mr. R. said) em-
braced actions for assault and battery, trover, and other
wrongs done to persons and property: and he was not for
abolishing imprisonment for such wrongs. He was willing
to abolish imprisonment for debt, but not to relieve a man
trom imprisonment who commits a wrong on persons or
property. Imprisonment for debt was abolished in most of
the states, but m none of them \\ as imprisonment abolished
lor wrongs done to persons or property.
The question was taken on the amendment, and it was
rejected.
Mr. SCHEIsCK ofiered an amendment providing that
herealter no female shall be imprisoned for debt.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he had no objection to the amend-
ment, but there was already a law existing which exempted
lemales from imprisonment for debt
Mr. GEORGE W. JONES moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding, "nor shall any other person be imprisoned
on any debt contracted out of the limits oi the District "
-After a few remarks from Mr. ATKINSON in opposition
to the amendment, it u as rejected.
Mr. GIDDINGS offered an amendment providing that no
person shall be imprisoned under the pretence of being a
tugitne slave, provided that nothing herein shall be so con*
strued as to repeal the act of 1793, m relation to the arrest
ot fugitives from justice and fugitives from labor.
CA^?BELL appealed to the gentleman from Ohio to
vsiaivundrat'nt TliJS ^ the nearest ap-
lr°A,, imprisonment for debt, and was in ac~
W h %e &elmSs of humanity, and he hoped the
hlfi! ra5 ^0U1 - r*sei,ve Ii!S amendment for the biUin re-
lation to that subject v. hen it came up.
-Mr. GIDD/NGS declined withdrawing his amendment,
was willing, m accordance with the leehngs of humaa;-
t>, to abolish imprisonment for debt; fcut the principle in-
human*!"' amenMr'entwfs eqn,ilij ir; aceorcance with
Sir. bAUNDEPS, Yr GILDINGS, and Mr. ATKINSON,
entered into some explanations.
™,iS opposed to a nrovision which
•vouid foroid the arrest of hib fugitive slave if he should fly
to the District of Columbia.
Mr. J. W. WaiGHT and Mr. SAUNDERS continued tha
debate.
Mr. STLW.ART of Pennsylvania entreated the gentle-
man iro!a Ohio to withdraw Kis amendment, and allow the
busings to proceed
Mr. GIDDiNGS did not comply.
The amendment was then negatived.
• GjDEl^GS called for a division, and 13 onlv voted
m the affirmative. '
Mr. GIDDINGS insisted on the negative being taken- and
on a count the Chairman announced 81 in the negative—
bo quorum voting.
Mr. J CAMPBELL asked that the messenger be sentt"
post oElce to call the members in B
