Jiujie, 1844.
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
28th Cong 1st SeSs
Texas Annexation Bill—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
sorrows of the heart took their course. I gave vent
to my feelings eight years ago, "when the present,
champions of Texas were silent and callous; and, .
with the leave of the Senate, I will now read some-
thing of what I then said:
"Unhappy day, forever to he deplored, that Sijnday morn-
ing, March 6, 1836, when the undaunted garrison of the
Alamo, victorious in so many assaults tfver twenty times
their number, perished to the last man by the hands of
those part of whom they had released on parole two months
before, leaving not one to tell how they first -dealt out to
multitudes that death 'which they themselves "finally re-
ceived! Unhappy day, that Palm- Sunday, March 27th,
wien the five hundred and tw elye prisoners at Goliad, issu-
ing from the sally port at dawn Of day, one by one, under
the cruel delusion of a return to their families, found them-
selves enveloped in double files of cavalry and infantry,
marched to a spot lit for the perpetration of the horrid deed;
and there—without an instant to think ot parents, country,
friends, and God—in theimdst of the consternation of terror
and surprise—inhumanly set upon. and pitilessly put to
death, in "spite of. those moving cries which reached to
heaven/anU regardless of those supplicating hands, stretch-
ed forth for mercy,-from which arms had been taken, under
the perfidious forms of a capitulation! Five hundred and
six perished that morning—young, vigorous, brave—sons of
respectable families, and the pride of many, a parent's heart*,
and their bleeding bodies, torn with wounds, and many yet
alive, were thrown in heaps upon vast fires, for the ilames
to consume what the steel had mangled. Six only escaped,
and not by, mercy, but by miracles. And this was the work
of man-'Upon his brother, of christian upon christian, of-
those upon those who adore the same God, invoke the same
heavenly benediction, and draw precepts of charity and
jnercy from the same divine fountain. Accurscd be the
' ground on which the .dreadful deed was done! Stenl, and
set,apart, let it forever be! No fruitful cultivation should
ever enrich it. No joyful edifice should ever adorn it. But
shut up, and closed by gloomy walls, the mournful cypress,
the weeping willow, and the inscriptive monument, bhould
forever attest the foul deed of which it was the scene, and
invoke from every passenger the throb of pity forthe slain,
and the start of horror for the slayer. And you, neglected
victims of the Old Mission, and of San Patricio: shall you be
forgotten because your numbers were fewer, afid your hap-
less fate more concealed? No! but to you also justice shall
be done. One common fate befel you all; one common
memorial shall perpetuate your names, and embalm your
memories, "Inexorable history w'ill sit in judgment upon all
concerned, and wijl reject the plea of government orders,
even'if those orders emanated from the government instead
of being" dictated to it." '
' In such terrtis as these, and 'as long since as eight
years ago, and when the events were fresh, and ven-
geance for them still crying from the earth, and the
wailings of bereaved families still loading the air,
then did I vent my sorrow for the slaughtered vic-
tims, and my indignation against the slayers. But
I was not blind and indiscriminate.' I did not look
upon the black side of the picture only. There was
another side to it, reversed in character, and glowing
with spots of heavenly white;-and to these I turned
for relief, and for'the consolations , which alleviate
crimes and-soften the asperities-of nations. -The
Mexicans are like others: some inexorable, some ac-
cessible to pity. There was humanity as well as
barbarity—mourners as, well as executioners—at
these eruel massacres—many unwilling instruments,
- or mournful witnesses; and to these, also, I did
justice. Of them I said:
• "But let us not forget that there is some relief to this
black and bloody picture—some alleviation to the horror of
its appalling features. There was humanity, as well as
crueuy, tft Goliad—humanity to deplore what it could not
prevent. The letter of Colonel Fernandez does honor to
' the human heart. Doubtless many other officers felt and
mourned like him, and spent the day in unavailing regrets.
The ladies Losero, and others, of Matamoras, saving the
doome4 victims in that city fiom day to day, by then inter-
cessions, appear like ministering angel«. Several public
journals, and many'individuals in Mexico, have given vent
to feelings worthy of Christians and of the civilization of
the age; and the poor wumdivon the Guadalou[<c, who mic-
cored and saved the young Georgian, Hadaway. how
noblv she appears He was one of the few that escaped
the fate of the Georgia battalion sent to the Old Mission
Overpowered by famine and despair, without arm? and
without comrades, he enteied a solitary house filled with
Mexican soldiers, hunting the fugitvv es ol 'his paily. His
action amazed them; and thinking it a snare, they stepped
out tolook:for the armed body of which he was supposed
- to be the decoy. In that instant, food was given him by the
humane woman, and instant flight to the swamp was point-
ed out. He fled, receiving the fire of many guns a« he
went; and escaping the perils of the way, the hazards of
battle at San Jacinto, where he fought, and of Indian massa-
cre in the Creek nation, when the two stages were taken
and partofhis travelling companions killed, he lives to pub-
' lish in America that instance of devoted .humanity in the
poor woman of the Gu^daloupe. Such act^ as all these de-
"Serve to be commemorated. , They relieve the revolting pic-
ture of military barbarity—soften the ^resentments of na-
tions—and redeem a people from the offence of individuals.
Thus I spoke of the mourners as well as of the
executioners, eight years ago. And how did the
Senator from South Carolina—who now reproaches
me for a supposed misdirected humanity,—how did
- he then speak? To this question let a certain mes-
gage-from a governor to his State legislature, of the
cotemperary period—let that message answer ! It
' was too notable to be forgotten; and comes into play
C 39)
now, like a many-edged swflrd, cutting' many par-
ties, and even its own master! and cleaving down
the treaty for which he now stands up. That mes-
sage repudiated Texas and her cause—saw nothing
but aliens and insurgents in her struggling patriots
—and rebellious subjects in her massacred prison-
ers. To that message I remit him for the state of
his feelings (so different from this day !) when the
calamities of the Texians were recent, and the
maries of the unburied dead were-crying to heaven
for mercy, and to man for commiseration. The
feelings of that message contrast strongly with the
lamentations of this day; and read us a new lesson
in the physiology of the passions. Love, it is said,-
has agents in the heart, careless or deceitful crea-
tures"! that lie long dormant, doing nothing: and
then, on some sudden, unexpected occasion, or no
occasion at all, break out in a fury and conquer all
before them. This is said of love; but.I never heard
the same of grief. Sorrow, I had always under-
stood, was an extemporaneous passion, breaking
out on the instant, arid dying out in time. Not so
with the senator's new doctrine of the passions, and
of his Texian grief. It slept until the calamity was
old,-and then broke out with the violence of a sud-
den affliction. But there is another part of that
same message which it is good still to look upon—
that part in which annexation was repulsed, because
it violated treaties, made war, destroyed commerce,
and planted enmity between neighboring nations
which ought to be friends. In all this the senti-
ments of the message were so just that its authors
present position would be perfect, if he only spoke
now as he did when he delivered it."
"'While South Carolina is indignantly repelling all for-
eign attempts to violate the sanctuary, and endanger the
existence other domestic institutions, it becomes her in a
peculiar manner to abstain from everj sort of interference
with domestic concerns or domestic contiovcisies of all
other States, foreign or confederate. The doctnuc of non-
interference is one of the most important in the code of in-
ternational law, and there are no communities on earth
who should liold it so sacred as the slaveholding States of
this Union. If, by their example 111 giving countenance to
the unlawful enterprise of their own eiti7ens against a
neighboring and neutral power, they should weaken the in-
fluence of that principle among nations, they would com-
mit an oftence against their own institutions, by impairing
the sanctity of their surest guaranty against foreign intru-
S1"Entertainmg these opinions, f have looked with very
deep concern, not unmmgled with regret, upon the occur-
rences which have taken place during the piesent year, m
various parts of the.United States, relative to the civil war .
which is still in progress between the republic of Mexico ,
and one ofher revolted provinces. It is true that no conn- .
try can be responsible for the sympathies ol its citizens, but ,
I am nevertheless utterly at a loss to perceive what title :
either of the parties to this controversy can have to the
sympathies of the American people. If it be alleged that
the insurgents of Texas are emigrants fiom the United
States, it is obvious to reply, that, by their voluntary ex-
patriation, under whatever circumstances of adventure, of
speculation, of honor, or of infamy, they have forfeited all
claim to our fraternal regard, if it he even true that they
have left h lnnd of freedom for a land of despotism, they hi\ e
done it with their eyes open, and deserve their destinj.
Thore is but too much reason to believe ihat m?ny of tnem
have gone as mere adventurers-, speculating upon the chan-
ces of establishing an independent government in Texas,
and of seizing that immense and fertile domain by the titic
of the sword. But be this as it may, when they became
citizens of Mexico, they became subject to the constitution
and laws oi that country; and whatever changes the Mexi-
can people may have since made in thpt constitution and
those laws, they are matters with which foieign States c an
have no concern, and of which they have no right to t"k<'
cognizance I trust, therefore, that the Stotc of Suuth
Carolina will give ro countenance, direct or indirect, open
or concealed, to anv acts which may compromit the ren-
trality of the United States or bring into question then
plighted laith Justice. stern and unbending justice, in o-. r
intercourse with other States, should be paramount to 'h
the conside'ations of mere ospediency. even were it !■" si-
ble that these could be separated. But they cannot. Jus-
tice is the highest expediency, and I am sure South ( 'rob-
na is the last State m the Union that would knowingly vio-
late this sacred canon of political morality.
"If any consideration could add to the intrinsic weigh' ol
these high inducements to abstain from every species of in-
terference with the domestic affairs of a neighboring and
friendly State, it would be the tremendous retribution to
which we are so peculiarly exposed on our southwestetr.
frontier, from measures uf letaliation. Should Mexico de-
clare war against the United States, and, aided In 'or.ie
grc t European power, hoist the standard of servile insur-
rection m Louisiana and the neighboring States, how 'cop
would be oar self reproaches, in reflecting that th<'.e a'ro-
cinus proceedings received even a coloiable apology f om
our own example, or from the unlawful conduct of our own
citizens!
"There is one question connected with this eontro\ersy,
of a definite character, upon which it may he proper that
von should express an opinion. Vou are doubtless aw are
that the people of Texas, bv on almost unanimous vote,
have expressed their desire to be admitted into our conlcrl-
eracy, and application will probably be made to Congress
for that purpose. In my opinion, Congie.s.-, ought not even
to entertain such a proposition m the present strte oi the
controversy. If we admit Teya- into our Union v.liile
The senator assumes it for certam that the greac
meeting "projected'for Nashville is "to take place1
ant! wishes to know who are to. be my bed:fellows
in that great gathering: and I, on my part, would
wish to know who'are to be his! Misery, says the
proverb, make strange bed-fellows; and - political
combinations, sometimes, make them equally
strange. The fertile imagination of Burke has pre-
sented us with a view of one of these strange sights;
and the South Carolina procession to Nashville (if
nothing occurs to balk it) may present another.
Burke has exhibited to us the picture of a cluster of
old political antagonists—(it was after the formation
of Lo,rd North's broad bottomed "fcdministratiijn, and
after the country's good and love of office had
smothered old animosities)—all sleeping together in
one truckle bed: to use his own language, all pigging
together (that is, (yinglike pigs, heads and tails, and
as many together) in the same truckle bed: and a
queer picture he made of it! But, if things go on as
projected here, never did misery, or political com-
bination, or the imagination of Burke, present such
a medley of bed-fellows as will be seen at Nashville.
-All South Carolina is to be there: of course General
Jackson will be there; and will be gopd and hospita-
ble to all. But let the travellers take care who goes
to bed to him. If he should happen to find old
tariff disunion, disguised as Texas disunion, lying
by his side! then wo to the hapless wight that
lias sought such a lodging. Preservation of the
federal Union is as strong in the old Roman's heart
now as ever: and while, as a christian, he forgives
all that is past, (if it were past!) yet no old tricks
muler new names. Texas disunion will be to him
the same as tariff disunion; and if he detects a Texas
disunionist nestling into his bed, I say again, woe
to the luckless wight. Sheets and blankets will
be no salvation. The tiger will not be toothless—
the senator understands the allusion—nor clawless
either. Teeth and claws lie will have! and
sharp use lie will make of them. Not only
skin and fur, but blood and bowels, may fly!
and double-quick-time scampering may clear that
bed. I shall not be there: even if the scheme goes
on, (which I doubt after this day's occurrences;)
but if it should go on, and any thing could induce
me to go so far out of my line, it would be to have
a view of the senator from South Carolina, and'the
friend for whom he speaks, and their new bed-fe!-
ows, or fellows in bed, as the case may be, all pig-
l- i ,.cr together in one truckle bed at Nashville.
r5ut I advise the contrivers to give up this scheme.
Polk and Texas are strong, and can carry a great
deal, but not every thing. The oriental story in-
forms us that it was the last ounce which broke the
camel's back; what if a mountain had been put first
on the poor animal's back? Nullification is a moun-
tain! Disunion is a mountain! and what could Polk
and Texas do with two mountains on their backs?
And here, Mr. President, I must speak out. The
timt; has come for those to speak out who neither
fear, nor count consequences, when their country is in
danger. The country is in danger! Nullification
and disunion are revived, and revived under cir-
cumstances which menace more danger than ever,
since coupled with a popular question which gives
to the plotters the honest sympathies of the patriotic
millions. I have often intimated it before, but now
proclaim it. Disunion is at the bottom of this long-
concealed Texas machination. Intrigue and specu-
lation co-operate; but disunion is at the bottom; ami
I denounce it to the American people. Under the
pretext of getting Texas into the Union, the wl'.eme
is to get the South out of it. A separate confederacy,
sf etching from the Atlantic to California, (and hence
the secret of the Rio Grande del Norte ftontier,) is
the cherished vision of disappointed ambition; and for
this consummation every circumstance has been care-
Mexico is still waging" war against that proi nice, w ith a T. lew
to re-establish her supiemacy over it, we shall, by the very
3Ct itsell, make ourselves a party to the %\ ar >;orepn\\e
take this step, without incurring this heat y responsiDllity
until .Mcxico herself shall lecognise the independenc of
her revolted province. _
"We have no odicial information of the precise s^ate 01
our relations with Mexico. Enough is known, however,
to satisfy us that the conjuncture is eminently critical
Let us lie scrupulous!} c.ueful that v. e do nothing tc,
countenance, and all we can to prt'\ ent, the calamity of
a war "We are now engaged in a fearful and doubtful
Struggle to reform our tedcial sj stem of government, tv
throwing oft the corruptions under which it is rap;dlv
sinking
"In this r.tatr of things, a war v. ith any country v.-ou.u
K> the 51 eatest of calamities, for we could scarcelyh.-.je
to com-., out of it ith anything hut '.he mere wreck ox i
free const'tutioii, and the external forms of a free gcvsrr*
Governor Message December 1js3&-
