612
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GtOBE.
April, 1844,
28th Cong..... 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Darnel.
H. of Reps.
that is held sacred by all free governments, and is
regarded with just pride by the old States—is "sur-
rendered by the new ones upon the promise and
plighted faith of the general government that she,
m return, will yield an equivalent benefit, which
promise and plighted faith nave been most palpably
violated.
This point may be pressed in another view. The
whole amount of lanas embraced in the three new
States through which this road passes, is about
120,000,000 acres; which, at $2 per acre, (the
then minimum price,) would have yielded $240,000,-
000. Two per cent, on thi.s would be $4,800,000.
The estimated cost of the road was $3,900,000. So
that, if the two per cent, land fund had been faith-
fully administered, it would have completed the
road.
The great (not to say the paramount) object of the
general government, was to bring her lands into
market. To effect this, the faith of the nation was
pledged for the completion of this road, and this
was the inducement held out by the government to
cause persons to purchase the public lands. The
lure wps successful. Thousands of acres of land
have been purchased, which would for a century to
come have remained unsold, but for the trust re-
posed by individuals in the fidelity of the govern-
ment. That vital and ever living principle, good
faith, and pure and unsullied honor, so important
to all governments, and doubly so to one republican
in its character, is to be wantonly and wilfully sac-
rificed in the abandonment of this great work to its
fate. "Can such things be, and overcome us," like a
summer's cloud, without one special wondei? No,
sir, if this act is done, it will leave a cloud upon our
national faith, long to be remembered.
There is still another "wow, which demonstrates
in a more striking manner the crying injustice of
this proposed abandonment. The first one hundred
and thirty-two miles of this road, commcncing at
Cumberland, and running west thiough the old
States of Maryland, Pennsylvania, and a few miles
jn Virginia, cost this government $2,803,034. The
States of Maryland and Pennsylvania furnish no
fund whatever, either from the sales of lands, or
otherwise, for this object; and yet they have the
road completed within their limits; whilst the States
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, though furnishing
funds, are left with the road incomplete within their
borders. We then have this spectacle presented:
a road national in its character is projected, to con-
nect the East with the "West—to remove mountain
barriers—to pass through three old, and three new
States. It is finished in the old States, at a cost of
more than $21,000 per mile; and while progressing
in the new States, not half completed, it is of a sud-
den abandoned, and left to become a perfect wreck—
a monument of the folly and bad faith of this gov-
ernment. Do not ail the lands and ordinances of
this government, touching this subject, for the last
thirty years, induce the belief that the road was to
be constructed to the Mississippi river? If this is
not done, are not we of the new States tricked and
cheated of our rights? May we not, in the lan-
guage of Macbeth, who, too, was duped by fair
promises, exclaim:
"And be these juggling fiends no more believed
That paltes with us in a double sense;
That keep the word of promise to the ear
And break it to the hope."
Let this road be discontinued, and no longer will
the West—no longer can the West—confide in the
inviolability of the promises and contracts of this
government; but, sir, she will deal with her as with
a sharper and a Shylock—one that is seeking to
drive a Jew's bargain with her, andis not williing to
consummate a solemn compact, according to ts let-
ter and spirit.
Congress, on the 1st of March, 1784, accepted the
deed of'cessjon from Virginia to these lands. On the
23d of April, 1784, a committee, of which Thomas
Jefferson was a member, reported the celebrated or-
dinance of that date. On the 20th of May, 1785,
Congress adopted another ordinance; and on the 13th
of July, 1787, the committee, of which Nathan
Dane was a member, reported the well-known and
much-esteemed ordinance of that date, each of which
related to and formed the basis of the survey and
sales of the lands ceded to us by Virginia; provides
against the taxation of these lands by the inhabi-
tants; provides for the survey of- the lands into sec-
tions; establishes a territorial government, and makes
its navigable rivers free forever to the whole coun-
|ry; and, in short, lays the foundation for all the val-
uable institutions—political, social, and religious—
which we now enjoy in so eminet a degree.
The policy of this government in regard to the
public lands, and her expenditures to bring those
lands into market, commenced anterior to the adop-
tion of the present constitution, and the right to dis-
pose of and make all needful regulations in regard to
the public lands, is, as we have seen, recognised and
reserved by that instrument in express terms.
Congress may, therefore, do all needful acts to
bring those lands into market; and a road is as ne-
cessary to get to them, as a survey is to ascertain
their boundary, their divisions and subdivisions, or
as a land office is to effect the sale and transfer the
the title to the purchaser.
But, while Congress may complete this road with-
out violating the constitution, she cannot promise to
construct it to and through Ohio, to Indiana, to Illi-
nois, and to Mississippi, as is done in the several
acts admitting those new States into the Union, and
then fail to do so, without violating; her promise, dis-
tinctly and solemnly made at four different times.
No narrow-minded or niggardly policy animated
Thomas Jefferson, Nathan Dane, and their dis-
tinguished compeers, in the important partwhich.
they took in giving laws, and dedicating the soil of
the then western territory, to liberty and improve-
ment. They did not prescribe rules which would
govern a mere lawyer in construing a usurer's bond;
but, as far-seeing statesmen, they laid the founda-
tions deep and lasting for a republican form of gov-
ernment, and made strong the bonds of union be-
tween the people of the" sea-hoard and" the then
western frontier. The proceeds of the public lands
rni^ht all be expended within their respective limits,
without giving just ground of complaint to any oth-
er State unless it might be Virginia.
The other States are not taxed to raise the fund.
The old States had the benefit of all the lands with-
in them, and should not complain of the new States
if they should enjoy a similar boon. Surely there
can be no well-founded objection to the use of so
much of the money arising from the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands as may be necessary to
complete this work. Gentlemen seem not to con-
sider the peculiar hardships under which we of the
new States labor. In the privation of not taxing
the land of the general government, anterior to its
sale, or for five years thereafter, the sales of those
lands operate as a most exhausting drain upon the
money of the country.
Day after day, and year after year, the receivers
of the land offices place in the national coffers mo-
ney drawn from the people for lands. The money
is boxed up and sent to the capital, or some of some
one of the large cities, where it is expended for
some light-house, dry-dock, pier, buoy, or break-
water, and finds its way no more forever to the
pockets of those from whom it was taken.
Viewing this, sir, as a military and post road, it
becomes more and more important.
In time of war, when it becomes necessary to
convey troops, with their arms and munitions of
war, from the metropolis to the extreme western
frontier, when the speedy concentration of an army,
at a given point, is imperiously required, this road
will be found of immense utility to facilitate that
object. The daily transportation of the mail from
the centre to the circumference of this nation, calls
this road into daily use.
The fact cannot be disguised that the expendi-
tures of this government are about double what
they should and would be if economically adminis-
tered .
There is not a branch of the public service in
which money is not prodigally exjoerided. There is
not a department of the government that has not its
sinecures, its moths, its drones, that are feeding up-
on the honey which is produced by their industry.
The army and the navy are common sewers, into
which millions may be poured without any vivify-
ing effects.
Navy-yards and barracks, with their thousand ex-
pedients for the profligate expenditure of money, all
serve to absorb the public revenues. The West
Point Academy—that hot-bed of aristocracy, ift
which the sons of those who are called "well-bred
gentlemen" find a place, to the exclusion of the sons
of laboring men—is another drain upon our finances.
Nineteen-twentieths of the money of this gov-
ernment, varying annually from eighteen to more
than thirty millions of dollars, has been expended
east of the mountains; and, for the most part, in and
about the large cities of the North and East.
Our people cannot help feeling sensitive on this
point. When they see the moisture drawn from the-
soil of the West to fertilize the fields,of;the East,
they cannot contemplate it with composure. Boun-
ties are given by the tariff laws to eastern manufac-
turer; but no corresponding bounty is given to the
farmer. ^
If this is to be a government of bounties, like "the
dew of heaven" they should be scattered broadcast
oyer the land. The same cloud that pours its rains
upon the East, should also dispense its blessings to
the West.~
Let it not' be said of a truth that, beyond the
mountains, we feel this government only in its op-
pressions and its exactions.v This line of policy will
impoverish any country in the world, and it will not
long be endured. The West will vindicate her
rights, and will unite as one man to arrest the march
of this bloated system of expenditure in the East,
and to claim that justice shall be done in regard to
her interests.
And, sir, when "the sceptre departs from Judah,"
and that country beyond-the mountains shall have
the numerical strength on this floor, they will mete
out justice fully and amply to their brethren of the
older State; and I trust, sir, that past injuries will not
make them unmindful of that mercy which their op-
pressors so little observe.
In conclusion, sir, I ask that this bill may pass,
and place it upon the high grounds that the faith of
the government is pledged to construct it to,the Mis-
sissippi; that the promise of the government to that
effect was the inducement which influenced thous-
ands in the purchase of the lands of the government;
that it would be unjust and iniquitous to - finish thjs
road through the old States, that yield nothing, and
not finish it through the new States that ha^e paid,
and are daily paying, a valuable consideration; and
lastly, that the constitutional right to construct this
road has been recognised by the sound heads and
pure hearts of the most exalted statesmen known to
this natioli.
SPEECH OF MR. DANIEL,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the*House of Representatives, April 20, 1844—On
the bill for the improvement of the western rivers:
Mr. Speaker: I do not regret that this debate has
sprung up; but I do regret the diversity of opinion
which exists among my political friends in relation
to the power of the federal government to make ap-
propriations for internal improvements, and that
which exists on the subject of the tariff. This
diversity of opinion has been thrown at us in a
spirit of reproach: and it is, it must be admitted, the
great elements of our weakness as a party. But i
must be allowed to say that those democrats who
go farthest on these subjects, will compare advan-
tageously with the most moderate of the whig par-
ty; and, in the administration of the government,
are greatly to be prefered; not merely because they
belong to the democratic party, but because they are
free from other dangerous and alarming heresies,
which constitute the creed of whigery. But this
consideration does not dimmish the regret I feel at
the want of harmony among my political friends.
We, sir, are the advocates of a limited construc-
tion of the federal constitution. It is our professed
object to confine the general government to the few
simple and important objects for which it was in-
stituted, thereby making it a shield against foreigr
aggression, without oppressing the people of one oi
more of the States of the Union, for the benefit o]
others; leaving the resources of each to be developec
under the policy of their respective legislatures, ac
cording to their own peculiar advantages. Canno
the advocates of such a policy harmonize?—apolicj
in strict accordance with the theory upon which tlx
government was formed, and which, if made t<
prevail, would unite States extending from th<
Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the isthmu:
separating the southern from the northern portioi
of this continent, to the uninhabitable regoins o
the North, enlarging the circle of free and unre
stricted social and commercial intercourse, develop
ing to the greatest possible extent the resources o
every portion, and enlarging the comforts and hap
piness of the human family. Yes, sir, we can am
ought to harmonize.
If, instead of relying upon precedent, and sheltei
ing ourselves under the authority of distinguishe<
names, we will look to the constitution as expound
cd in the better days of the republic, by the grea
author of our creed, we may assume ground upoi
which all of us may stand as a band of brother
