598
CONGRESSIONAL GLOSt.
reported the Senate bill, and recommended its re-
jection, and it was rejected. Subsequent to that
t:me, the present bill was got up, and brought be-
fore this committee. When the Senate bill was be-
fore the House, he remarked that he found no au-
thority in the constitution of the United States for
the appropriation of such sums of money for such
purposes. By the constitution of the United States,
exclusive jurisdiction over this District was vested
in Congress as its local legislature; but When acting
as the local legislature of'the District of Columbia,
they had no authority, according to his conception
of the constitution, to put their hands into the pub-
lic treasury of the nation—the property of the peo-
ple of the country at large—and appropriate it for
the making of streets in the District of Columbia.
Consresf was now sitting as the local legislature of
this District, (this being one of the days set apart
for the consideration of business relating to the
District,) but he could not conceive how he was
authorized to take the property of his constituents,
or of the constituents of other gentlemen here, to
make roads for the people of the county of Wash-
ington.
It was said thct the inhnbitants here had made
roads, and erected houses, and provided other ac-
commodations for the government and the members
of Congress; but he would ask, for what purpose
did the people of the city ofNew York, and of other
cities, build houses and make streets? Was it not
for the accommodation of the people who visited
those cities-.5 Could they accommodate the people
who came there without houses? and could they
expect persons to board with them, and make pur-
chases at their stores, unless they had comfortable
accommodation? And the accommodation here, as
everywhere else, was to be paid for—it was not for
the gratuitous accommodation of the government
and memlieis of Congress; and hence m the com-
forts provided, the interests of the people of the Dis-
trict were involved, and thereby promoted. Much
had been haid of the land which had been conveyed
to the government; but had it been received with-
out consideration? The Commissioner of Public
Buildings hnd made a statement, from which it ap-
peared that 541 acres of land had been paid for by
the government in the sum of $36,099; and by
another paper, signed by Mr. Seaton, Mr. Maury,
and others, it was shown that there were 1,134
acres of land lying within the corporate jurisdiction
of the city of Washington; but what sort of land
w.is it, and of what value? Why, $5 an acre would
be twenty times it value. But, although there was
so much of the land here conveyed to the govern-
ment after the city was laid out, every alternate
building lot was returned to the city, from which it
was fatr to assume that some profit had been de-
rived.
How were other cities improved? Did the legis-
lature of Pennsylvania provide for repairing the
Streets of Hnrnsburg? It was not the practice in
the State where he lived. The bill proposed to ap-
piopriate $38,000 of the public money for the ben-
efit of this oily—a greater sum than the people of
his district would be called on to pay for the sup-
port of their State government for two years. He
war wili,ng, if the citizens of Washington desired
St, in the exercise of the legislative powers vested
in this Congress, to permit a Kix to be levied upon
iiie.n for the improvement of Pennsylvania avenue,
and all the other streets; but not one cent would he
vote oi'i of the national treasury for that purpose.
There was no difference between thi? bill and the
former one, eveer.t in amount; and if any new lij'ht
had comi' over the House to induce them to reverse
their decision, it had not yv broken upon his mind.
He wished not to be illiberal towards the city of
Washington, hut ho felt it his duty to be just to-
wards his constituents.
The del ate was further continued by Mr. OAU-
SIN in f< vrr of the bill, and Mr. RiTHBUN in
opposition to ii.
The bill v.T't 1 n fiM aside, to he reported.
On moar.n of Mr. CAMPBELL, the committee
lookup the hill providing for cohering xhe roof of
the court-hon^e nt Alexandria with tin.
Mr. Y, ELI.KR called tor the reading of a report
communicated to Congress by the President of the
United States m relation to this court-house.
Tne report not being at hand, the bill was tem-
porarily laid aside; and
*VV" CAMPBELL moved that the committee take
up the Senate bill Wo. 8fi, to recharter the banks of
lue jJistnct of Columbia.
Mr. WELLER observed that the committee had
resolved this morning not to take up that bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL replied that it was true the
committee had this morning resolved not to take up
the bill, but they might come to a different conclu-
sion now.
Mr. WELLER said, if the gentleman persisted
in his motion, he would break up the committee, as
it was evident there was no quorum present.
The question was then taken, when it appeared
that there were 61"^eas, and 31 nays.
No quorum voting, a second count was had, when
it appeared that there were. 66 yeas, and 36 nays.
iSfo quorum voting, a third count was had, when
there appeared to be 66 yeas, and 30 nays present.
No quorum voting, some conversation ensued, and
then, by general consent, a quorum being pres-
ent, the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
The bill to ^rant a plat of land to the Howard In-
stitution of the city of Washington, was also taken
up, and laid aside to be reported to the House.
"The next bill taken up was a bill to incorporate
the Orphan Asylum and Female Free Schools of
Alexandria, in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HALE moved to strike out sections 8, 9, and
10.
Mr. PRATT said it was designed by the Com-
mittee on the Public Grounds to ask Congress to
sell a portion of the public grounds for the improve-
ment of other portions; and he thought this was a
better disposal of it than giving it away as these sec-
tions proposed.
Mr. CHILTON defended the sections, and ex-
plained the charitable objects of the institutions to
which this bill related.
Mr. HALE said if the public lands were to be
given to the institutions at Alexandria, he hoped a
similar donation would be made to the Catholic Sem-
inary at Georgetown.
Mr. CHILTON said such a donation had been
made.
Mr. HALE said he had been assured that such
was not the case. But further, a memorial had come
to Congress setting forth that when the lands lying
in this District were conveyed to this government,
there was an express or an implied trust that the
government should keep the roads and bridg-es in
repair. Now, if this were so, the disposal of these
lands for the benefit of institutions however charit-
able was a breach of trust, and an assumption of
power which this governutent did not possess.
Mr. CHILTON made some further observations
in defence of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN said if he were to gratify his
charitable feelings, he should quadruple the appro-
priation; but he was voting away other people's
property, and he had no right to use means not
his own to gratify his own feelings. He would
give these cities the power to tax themselves, and
exercise other municipal powers that were exer-
cised in other cities, and then let them support their
own institutions.
Mr. NEWTON defended the bill.
The amendment was rejected; and the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL then moved to take up the
bill to incorporate the Georgetown college, in the
District of Columbia.
The bill was taken up and read through by the
clerk; and, after a few remarks Hy Mr. C. J. TN-
GERSOLL, it was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
The committee then rose, and reported all the
bills acted upon in Committe" of the Whole on the
stale of the Union to the House
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, the House
resolved itself into a Coir.mittee of the Whole
House—Mr. Vintox* in the chair—and took up
House bill No. 107, to authorise the sale of part of
public reservation No. 13, in the city of Washing-
ton, and for other purposes.
Mr. KIRKPATRICK, from the committee that
reported this bill, submitted some amendments, on
which a brief conversation ensued, in which several
members took part.
Mr. C. JOHNSON inquired if the Secretary of
the Navy had been consulted whether the land was
wanted for the use of the hospital. This ought to
be done before passing the bill. Again, he objected
to giving the land to this vestry, and then buying it
back from them in sites.
Mr. CAMPBELL said that there was a provision
in the bill that the land should not be sold unless the
Secretary of the Navy shall be of the opinion that it
may be done without injury to the public service.
As to the purchase of sites for the burial of members
of Congress, that was done now.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. ELMER offered an amendment, providing
that a sufficient number of sites shall be reserved by
the government for the burial of members of Con-
gress. Agreed to.
The bill was then laid asid'e to be reported.
The next bill taken up was the bill in relation to
lands devised to religious institutions for places of
worship; and after being read through, it was laid
aside to be reported.
The bill to amend the act incorporating the Alex-
andria Canal company was also considered, and no
amendment being offered, it was laid aside to be re-
ported.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. ROBERT SMITH: The petition of Peter Shaffer,
praying indemnity forlahor perlorme.i on the Cumberland
road, in the State of Illinois: referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. THOMAS SMITH presented additional testimony in
the claim of the heirs of Joseph Garrard: referred to the
Committee of Claims
By Mr. BLACKWELL: The memorial of John J. Dixon,
asking pay for property destroyed by the Tennessee volun-
teers under General Wool, m 1836.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 15, 1844.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill granting furloughs in the na-
val service; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. BREESE, on leave, introduced a bill to grant
to the Slates of Indiana and Illinois a portion of the
unsold lands in the Vincennes, Palestine, and Shaw-
neetown land districts, for the completion of the na-
tional thoroughfare connecting Lake Erie with the
Ohio river, by the improvement of the navigation
of the Wabash; which was read twice, and commit-
ted to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. WRIGHT, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of the legal ren^esentatives of William D.
Cheever, deceased; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, presented a report from the Secretary of
War, connected with the subject; which received
the same reference.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the proceedings and
resolutions of what was styled a great democratic
meeting, held in the 1st congressional district of
Pennsylvania, in Moyamensing Hall, on Friday
night last, in favor of the admission of Texas into
the Union: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. B. remarked that he would have presented
these sooner, but he mislaid the papers.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a remonstrance from
sundry citizens of the State of Ohio, against the an-
nexation of Texas to the Union; ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. MILLER presented the petition of William
Archer, of Washington city, asking a compcnsa-
tian for certain designs furnished for the Potomac
bridge: referred to the Committee on the District of
Colnmbia.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, with sundry amendments, House bill
entitled "An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the army for the fiscal year ending 30th day
of June, 1845."
The resolution of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, asking to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Julia Weed, came up
for consideration.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved so to amend the res-
olution as to refer the cose to the Commissioner of
Pensions.
Oil the motion of'Mr. BAYARD, the subject was
laid over till to-morrow.
The bill to provide for the settlement of claims
for losses of property by reason of its military oc-
cupation in the Territory of Florida, was read the
second time, and taken up as in committee of the
whole.
Mr, WRIGHT remarked that this bill was re-
ported from the Committee on Claims, and was sub-
stantially a copy of the bill reported from the same
committee last year, and passed the Senate; but si
amended that it was lost He then alluded to
