April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Daniel.
H. of Reps.
against the machinations and assaults of our op-
ponents. To lay aside the constitution, and _ rely
upon precedent and the authority of distin-
guished names, would, in effect, render ours
a consolidated, if not an unlimited government. For
there is scarcely any power within the range of le-
gislation, for the exercise of which some precedent
may not be found. Relief has been extended by
Congress to the sufferers by the insurrection in St.
Domingo, and a present of flour has been voted to
the suffering inhabitants of Carraccas. To take
precedent and authority of distinguished names for
our guide, would be to sanction error, and. adopt,
in effect, the broad, latitudinous, and consolidating
creed of our opponents. Precedents set by them
when in power, or indeed by them in a minority,
united with a few of the unsound of our own friends,
would become points from which new and farther
departures from the constitution would be made,
until our political veering would become so great,
that in a process of time, what at first were deemed
landmarks to the true meaning of the constitution,
would only serve to bewilder the mind, and beget con-
fusion and doubt. Let us then—under that wise in-
junction of the bill of rights of my own State, of a
frequent recurrence to fundamental principles, and
which is more emphatically enjoined and enforced
in the constitution under which we are now assem-
bled, by that provision which requires each member
to take an oath to support the constitution of the
United States before he enters upon the duties of
legislation—turn our attention from precedent, and
the authority of names, to the provisions of the con-
stitution, from which the power in question has been
attempted to be derived, and examine for our-
selves.
But before I advert to the several provisions of
the constitution, from which the power in question
has been supposed to be derived, and examine the
deductional arguments which have been submit-
ted in the progress of the debate, I must refer to
some of the distinguished members of the republi-
can party, who have been mentioned, to show to
what extent they may justly be considered as au-
thorities for the doctrine contended for. Among
them, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and Jack-
son, have been cited, and chiefly relied upon.
That Mr. Jefferson sanctioned the bill for the con-
struction of the Cumfeerlmd road, placing that meas-
ure on the ground of compact between the United
Stales and the people of the northwestern territory,
i admit. But to cite him as authority for the gen-
eral doctrine contended for, is to do great injustice
to his memory. In his ^messages, whenever he
touched upon the subject of internal improvements,
it was in such a way as to indicate his opinion that
the power had not been conferred by the States,
and generally coupled with a recommendation to
amend the constitution so as to confer it. In his
sixth annual message, speaking of a probable sur-
plus of the public revenue, he says:
"To what other objects shall these surpluses be appro-
priated, and the whole surplus ol imports, alter the entire
discharge of the public debt, and during those intervals
when the purpose* of war shall not call for them > Shall u e
suppress the impost and give that advantage to foreign over
domestic manufactures ' On a few articles of more general
and neoessaij u=e, the suppression, in due season, will
doubtless be right, but the great mass of the articles on
which impost is paid are foreign luxuries, purchased by
those only who are rich enough to allbid themseh es the
use of them. Thur patriotism would certainly jrefer its
continuance and application to the great purposes ol edu-
cation, roads, rivers, canals, and such other objects of pub-
lic improvement as may be thought proper^ to add to the
constitutional enumeration of fedeial powers."
And further on he adds:
'•1 suppose an amendment to the constitution, by consent
of the States, necessary; because the objects now recom-
mended are not among those enumerated in the constitu-
tion, and to which it permits the public moneys to be ap-
plied.''
In his eighth annual message he again adverts to
this subject, in connection with a surplus revenue,
in the following language:
"Shall it lie unproductive in the public vaults? Shall the
the revenue be leduced' Or shall it not rathei be appro-
priated to the improvements of roads, canals, rners, edu-
cation and other great foundations of prosperity and
union, under powers which Congress may already possess
or such amendment of the constitution as may be approved
bv the States? While uncertain of the course of things, the
time may be advantageously employed m obtaining the
powers necessary lor a system ol improvement, should that
be thought best."
In a letter addressed to Mr. Madison, dated Mon-
ticello, December 24, 1825, and to be found m the
fourth volume of the Memoirs of Jefferson, page
414, he enclosed a paper, drawn up with a view to
its being submitted to the legislature of Virginia,
which embodies his opinions more clearly and fully,
and at a period when the public discussions in and
out of Congress had thrown all the light upon the
subject which could be brought to bear upon it. In
it he f
""We, the general assembly of Virginia, on behalf, and in
the name of the people thereof, do declare as follews:
"The States in North America which confederated to es-
tablish their independence of the government of Great Brit-
ain, of which Virginia was one, became, on that acquisition,
free "knd independent States; and, as such, authorized to con-
stitute governments, each for itself, in such form as it
thought best.
"They entered into a compact, (which is called the con-
stitution of the United States of America,) by which they
agreed to unite in a single government as to their relations
with each other and with foreign nations, and as to certain
other articles particularly specified. They retained, at the
same time, each to itself, the other rights of independent
governments, comprehending mainly -their domestic inter-
ests. - ^ .
"For the administration, of their federal branch they
agreed to appoint, m conjunction, a distinct set of function-
aries, legislative, executive, aiid judiciary, in the manner
settled in the compact; while to each,, severally and of
course, remained its original right of appointing, each for
itself, a separate set of functionaries, legislative, executive,
and judiciary, also, for administering the domestic bianch
of their respective governments.
"These two sets of officers, each independent ofthe other,
constitute thus a whole of government for each State sepa-
rately; the powers ascribed to the one^as specifically made
federal, exercised over the whole—the residuary powers
retained to each other, exercisable exclusively over its par-
ticular State, foreign herein, each to the others, as they
were before the original compact.
"To this construction of government and distribution of
its powers, the Commonwealth ot Virginia does religiously
and affectionately adhere, opposing, with equal fidelity and
firmness, the usurpation of either set of functionaries on the
rightful powers of the other.
"But the federal branch has assumed, in some cases, and
claimed in others, a right of enlarging its own powers by
constructions, inferences, and indefinite deductions from
those directly given, which this assembly does declare to
be usurpations of the powers retained to the independent
bfanches, mere interpolations into the compact, and diiect
infractions of it.
"They claim, for example, and ha\e commenced the ex-
ercise ol a right to construct roads, open canals, and effect
othei internal improvements within the territories and juris-
dictions exclusively belonging to the several States, which
this assembly does declare has not been given to that
branch of the concti'utiuiirfl compact, but remains to each
State among its domestic and unalienated powers, exercisa-
ble within itself and by its domestic authorities alone.
"This assembly does iurther disavow, and declare to be
false and unfounded, the doctrinc that the compact, in au-
thorizing it§ federal branch to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the
common defence and general welfaie of the Lmted States,
has given them thereby a power to do whatever they may
tinnk or pretend would promote the general v eltare, w hich -
construction would make that of itsell a complete govern-
ment, without limitation of pou ers; but that th 3 plain <=ense
and obvious meaning were, that they might levy the taxes
necessary to provide for the geneial welfare b\ %arious acts
of power therein specified and delegated to them, and by no
"Xor is it admitted, as has been said, that the people of
liese States, by not investing their fec'eral branch with all
the means of bettering their condition, have denied to them-
selves any which may effect that purpose, since, in the dis-
tribution of these means, they have given to that branch
those which belong to its department, and to the Slates
have reserved separately the residue which belong to them
separately , and thus, by the organization oi the two
branches taken together, have completeh secured the first
obiect oi human association, the full improvement ol their
condition, and reserved to themselves a)l the faculties of
multiplying their own blessings."
And in a letter to William B. Giles, bearing date
December 26, 1825, and to be found m the 421st
page of the volume before quoted, he says:
<•! see, as you do, and with the deepest affliction, the rapid
stride with which the federal branch of our governmunt is ad-
vaucimt towards the usurpation of all the rights reserved to
the States, and the consolidation m itself of all poweis, for-
eign and domestic: and that, too, by constructions "h'ch' "
legitimate, have no limits to their
the decisions of the federal court, the doctrines of the Pres-
ident, and the misconstructions of the constitutional com-
pact, acted on by the legislature of the feaeral branch, and
it is but too evident, that the three ruling branches of that
department are in combination to strip their colleagues, the
State authorities, of the poweis reserved by them, ana .o
exercise themselves all functions, foreign and domestic.
Under the power to regulate commerce, they assume niael-
• imtelv that Also over .giiculture and manutactures, and call
it regulation to take the earnings of one of these branches ol
industry, and that too the most depressed, and put tnem into
the pockets ofthe other, the most flourishing ol all. 1• naer
the authority to establish post roads, the} claim that of cut-
ting down mountaiiihTortlie construction ol roads, oi digging
canals, and, aided by a little sophistry on the words 'general
welfare ' a light to do, not only the acts to eflect that, which
are specifically enumerated and permitted, but whatsoever
they shall think, or pretend, will be tor the general wel-
fa re *'
Such are the recorded opinions of Mr. Jefferson
on this subject; and I will here add, on the author-
ity of the late judge Smith of Alabama, formerly of
South Carolina, that Mr. Jefferson lived to deplore
his sanction of the Cumberland road bill, with more
bitterness than any political act of his life.
The opinion of Mr. Madison 'against the power
contended for, is equally clear and decided; His spe-
cial message of December 23,1811, communicating
to Congress copies of an act of the legislature of
New York relating to the canal from the Lakes to
the Hudson River, is the only thing relied upon by
those who have represented him as favorable to the
power in question* In that message he took ,occa~
sion to say: % , "
"The particular undertaking contemplated ^ the State
of New York, which marks an honorable spirit ol,enter-
prise, and comprises objects of national, as well as more lim-
ited importance, will recall the attention of Congress to the
signal advantages to be derived to the United States from a
svstem of internal communication and conveyance, an<l
suggest-to their consideration whatever steps may be proper
on tneir part towards its introduction and accomplishment.
As some of those advantages have an intimate connection
with arrangements and • exertions for the general security,
it is at a period calling for these that the merits of such a
system will be seen in the strongest lights.''
What were the steps proper to be token on the
part of Congress towards the introduction of a gen-
eral system of internal communication, in the (pin-
ion of Mr. Madison, are not clearly indicated, m
this message; but when taken in connection with
what he says in his seventh and eighth annual mes-
sages, and the fact that he- refused his assent to the
bill setting aside the bonus and dividends ofthestocK
owned by tKe government in the Bank of the United
States,, on the ground that Congress did not possess
the power .to carry on a system of internal improve-
ments, he must be taken to have meant the proper
steps to procure an amendment of the constitution
to confer the necessary power, according to the pre-
scribed mode.
Mr. Jefferson and Mr. Madison both, therefore,
so far from countenancing the doctrine contended
for, are direct and weighty authorities against it.
Nor is there anything in either of the administra-
tions, preceding that of Mr. Jefferson, which goes
to sanction the right of the general government to
carry on a system of internal improvements; but
on the contrary, Alexander Hamilton, in his report
on manufactures, to be found in Executive Papers^
2d session, 11th Congress, page 77, expresses his
regret at the want of power. In speaking^ of the
symptoms of improvement of inland navigation,
which had lately appeared in some quarters, he
"There can ccrtainl-y be no object more worthy of the
cares of the local administrations; and it were to be wished
that there was no doubt of the power of the national govern-
ment to lend its direct aid on a comprehensive plan."
And on the next page, quoting an extract to show
that some of the counties in the neighborhood of
London, not more than fifty years before, petitioned
Parliament against an extension of the turnpike
roads into the remoter counties, because those
counties, they insisted, would be able from the
cheapness of labor, to sell their e;rass and corn in
the London market cheaper than they could, he
says:
"Specimens of ?. spirit similar to that which governs the
counties here spoken of, present themselves too frequently
to the eye of an impartial observer, and render it a wish ot
patriotism that the body in this country, m *.hose councils
a local or partial spirit is least likely to -predominate, w ere
at liberty to pursue and promote the general interest iu
those in which" there might be danger of the interference of
such a spirit."
When such a man as Hamilton, whose principles
of construction were such as to give to Congress
the greatest possible scope and ^ range of powt r,
takes such decided ground against the position,
the professed friends of a strict construction ought
to pause, and ponder long, before they transcend
the limits which-he set to the powers of the govern-
ment in this particular.
Until the American system was. broached, after
the close of the last war, nothing can be found in
the practice of the government, or on the part ot
the distinguished statesmen" of the republican party,
that I am aware of, to sanction the right of the
general government to carry on a system of inter-
nal improvements, either directly or indirectly, by
appropriating money to such works as had been un-
dertaken by "State authority. But when that sys-
tem came to be agitated, the privations occasioned
by the interruptions to our commerce during the
war and the difficulties in transporting military
stores and supplies, caused the public mind to seize
with avidity a system of policy, the professed ob-
ject of which was to obviate similar privations and
difficulties, by rendering us independent of foreign
powers, and by facilitating internal communication,
without scrutinizing, with sufficient closeness, tl.e
principles which it involved, or the probable
