CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the. action of the other House upon several
individual claims belonging to the classes which
this hill was intended to cover. The committee of
that House had made adverse reports on them upon
evidence before th< m on several cases. He doubted,
therefore, whether it would be proper for the Senate
to pass the bill without further examination.
The claim of Hernandez, particularly, had been
reported strongly against in the other House.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and on
motion of Mr. WRIGHT, was ordered to lie on the
table until further investigation could be had into
the subject.
Tin bill for the relief of Henry Gardner and oth-
ers, directors of an association called the New Eng-
land Mississippi Land Company, was taken up as
in committee of the whole.
Mr. BERRIEN explained the character of the
bill, and said it had parsed the Senate heretofore.
The bill was then repoited to the Senate, and the
question being, Shall the bill be engrossed for a
third reading?
Mr. TAPPAN made some remarks against the
bill, and called for the yeas and nays on the ques-
tion of engrossment; which were ordered.
Mr. BERIUEN showed that the bill had fre-
quently passed before.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, some years ago, he paid
attention to this subject; that he had examined all
the documents, and once or twice defeated the bill
as reported. The Committee on the Judiciary came,
finally, to his way of thinking, and imposed the re-
strictions in it which he desired; and for that reason,
the last year or two, he had voted for the bill, be*
lieving it to be a just one.
Messrs. BENTON and COLQ,UITT pointed out
the fraud upon which the transaction was originally
founded between certain members of the Georgia
legislature and the Georgia Mississippi Land Com-
pany—the land scrip of which company was pur-
chased by the New England Mississippi Land
Company.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that there was no di-
versity of opinion as to the original fraud; but that
the New England Mississippi Land Company, who
purchased the scrip of the Georgia company, had r.o
participation in the original transaction, and were
not a party to the fraud—were totally unconnected
with it. They purchased the scrip before the
legislature of Georgia revoked the contract of the
Preceding legislature with the Georgia Mississippi
,and Company.
Messrs. TAPPAN and HAYWOOD made some
further remarks against the bill, and Messrs. BER-
RIEN and CHOATE in its favor.
The question was then taken on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading, and passed in
the affirmative—yeas 21, nays 14, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard, Berrien Buchan-
an, Choate, Clajton, Evans, Francis, Huger, Huntington.
Jarnagin, Miller, Morehead, Pearco, 1'heJps, Porter, Sim-
mons, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbridge—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Colquitt, Fairfield, Fulton, Haywood, Lewis, Sevier,
Sturgeon, Tappan, and Woodbury—14.
The following Senate bills were then taken up
and considered as in committee of the whole, repor-
ed to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, viz:
The bill relating to the bonds to be given by cus-
tom-house officers; [This bill requires that these
officers shall give bond immediately on entering
on the duties of the office. The present law per-
mits them to be in office three months before bond
isrequired of them ]
The bill for the relief of Gideon Batcheldor and
others;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Bryan, Harrison
Young, and Benjamin YouRg;
The bill to authorize the payment of equitable
commissions to the agents or attorneys of persons
in whose favor awards have been made under three
several treaties between the United States and cer-
tain foreign powers, which awards have been re-
turned into the treasury in payment of debts due
the United States;
The joint resolution authorizing the transmission
and presentation of books to the minister of justice
of France, in exchange for books received from him;
[This was amended, on the motion of Mr. Ciioate,
to the effect that Mr. Alexander Vattemare should
be the agent through which the exchange is to be
made.]
The joint resolution authorizing an allowance to
purser D. M. F. Thornton in the settlement of his
accounts; j
The bill for the relief of Reynall Coates, Wjlter
R. Johnson, and William B. McMurtrie; [This
bill indemnifies these individuals for losses sustained
in consequence of the revocation of their appoint-
ments as members of the scientific corps of the
South sea exploring expedition, after they had made
every preparation, by the purchase of clothing ai.d
scientific instruments for the expedition.] And
The bill granting a pension to George Whittier.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday by
Mr. Simmons, was taken up and adopted, viz:
Resolved That 1,500 copies be ordered to be printed, for
the use of the Senate, of the report containing an account
of the changes and modmeations of the commercial system
of other nations, communicated to Congress in December
last, by the Secretary of State, in compliance with the act
of Congress of August 16, 1342.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William Walker was taken up, as in committee
of the whole, on an adverse report of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. PHELPS remaiked that, since that report
had been made, new evidence in support of the
claim had been submitted to him. He had not had
time to examine it yet; and, believing that it was
due to the claimants that there should be a further
examination, he moved to lay the bill on the table,
with that view: agreed to.
The bill for the relief of Charles E. Sherman was
taken up, as in committee of the whole, on an ad-
verse report of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed.
Mr. BAYARD moved to lay it on the table;
which motion was agreed to.
The bill to repeal part of the act entitled "An act
to annex a part of the State of New Jersey to the
collection district of New York; to remove the of-
fice of collector of Niagara to Lewistown; to make
Cape St. Vincent, in the district of Sackett's Har-
bor, a port of delivery; and out of the districts of
Miami and Mississippi to make two new districts,
to be called the districts of Sandusky and Teche;
and for other purposes," approved March 3,1811,was
taken up, as in committee of the whole, but was,with-
out being considered, laid on the table on the mo-
tion of Mr. Hitntitgton, who remarked that there
was another bill providing for the same object in
connexion with a change of other districts, which he
preferred should be passed instead of this bill.
The Senate then took up for consideration, as in
committee of the whole, the bill authorizing per-
sons to whom reservations of land have been or shall
be made, under Indian treaties, to alienate the same
in fee.
The bill provides—
Sec. 1. That any person or person1; to whom any reserva-
tion of land has been or shall be made, by treaty between
the United States and any Indian tribe, shall be permitted to
alienate the same in ft--; by deed ofeonveyance, executed in
the usual manner, \vh< ther Indian or other person, in whose
favor such reservation is or shall be made, and such deed of
conveyance shall be deemed to divest the United States of
their reversionary interest in the lands so reserved,and to ve:>t
in the purchaser or purchasers thereof an estate in fee sim-
ple: Provided. That, by the treaty reserving any tract of land,
the person to whom the reservation is made shall possess
such an estate m the londs  proposed to be alienated as gives
him, her, orthem, a light to their perpetual use, or a great-
er estate therein: ,1nd provided, fin ther, That such deed of
conveyancc shall not be valid for such purpose until the
same shall have been approved by the President of the.
United States, or by such other officer, or in such other
manner, as may have been provided by the treaty under
which the reservation was made.
Sec. 2. *.'lnd bt it jurther evaded, That an}' reservation of
land, such as is referred to m the preceding section of this
act, heretofore sold 1)\ the pi rson or persons to whom the
same was made, and for which a deed of conveyance shall
be executed m conformity with the provisions of the said
section, such deed shall be deemed to divest the United
States of their reversionary interest in the said lands, and
vest m the purchaser or purchasers thereof an estate in fee
simnle.
Mr, WHITE explained that this was a bill which
would not have been found necessary had the trea-
ties with Indians been made by lawyers, or had
they been revised by lawyers. A distinction with-
out a difference had been made between individual
reservations and grants. The bill provides that
such individual grants or leservatioas shall be in
fee simple, without reversion to the United States.
It will have the effect of giving the right of aliena-
tion to the grantees or reservees, with the approba-
tion of the President.
Mr. EVANS asked if this bill did not dispense
with the approval of the President.
Mr. WHITE said it did not; that it contained an
express provision requiring his assent.
Mr. SEVIER moved an amendment, the neces-
sity of which he. explained. Its effect would be to
confine the provisions of the bill to cas?s in Indiana
and Illinois, (very limited in number,) where grants
and reserves have been made to indiviJual Indians
by name.
Mr. WHITE could not oppose the amendment,
particularly as the number of cases calling for the
law was confined to those Slates.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE explained the policy of the
government towards the Indians in relation to indi-
vidual grants. Formerly, patents used to be issued
for these grants; but about ten years ago it was
discovered that there was no necessity for these
patents, the treaties themselves conveying the lands
with sufficient warranty of title. He hoped the
senator from Arkansas would modify his amend-
ment, by including Michigan, where a few cases yet
remained.
Mr. SEVIER proposed a modification of his
amendment to come in at another place, exempt-
ingcases arising under the treaty of Dancing Rab-
Mr. JARNAGIN was in favor of the bill, if
amended as at first proposed by the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. SEVIER was satisfied to let his first amend-
ment prevail, including merely the States of Indiana,
Illinois, and Michigan.
Mr. HENDERSON suggested the propriety of
adding a provision that it should not extend to
cases of grants or reservations to tribes of Indians
in their character of tribes.
Mr. WHITE approved of the suggestion.
Mr. SEVIER had no objection to it. He further
explained the circumstances which had grown up
to require this legislation.
Mr. PHELPS stated that there were two kinds
of reservations; one being a grant, and the other on-
ly a reservation of occupancy, the reversionary in-
terest lying with the United States. He was in favor
of the amendment.
The amendment was adopted, confining the ope-
ration of the bill to cases within the States of Indi-
ana, Illinois and Michigan.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend the bill by adding
a proviso, that the bill shall not extend to grants or
reserves to tribes, in their character of tribes.
The amendment was adopted.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, an amend-
ment was also adopted, designating the form of
ratification.
The bill, as amended, was reported back to the
Senate.
The question being on the engrossment,
Mr. HAYWOOD objected to the additional pa-
tronage given by the bill to the President of the Uni-
ted States—the last proviso of the first section being
calculated to shut the doors of the courts of law
against the Indian claimants in cases of transfer ap-
proved by the President. He protested against the
cupidity of legislation ill cases where Indian rights
are concerned. He thought, without a material
change, the bill ought not to pass.
Mr. MOREHEAD understood the power of the
President to confirm the alienation, a power granted
for the protection of the Indians. The laws of the
United States relating to Indian interests always
make the President of the United States the arbiter
between the Indians and the general government, or
its citizens. So far from shutting the doors of the
courts, the bill throws an additional security round
the interests of the Indians.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE explained that in all Indian
treaties,, the President of the United States is made,
the guardian of the Indians. The principle of the pro-
viso alluded to is, that the Indian shall not, heedless-
ly, and to his own injury, alienate his right without
the approbation of his adopted guardian, the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. CHOATE made an inquiry, not distinctly
heard.
Mr. WHITE replied, explaining the point in-
quired about. All the bill proposed was, to equal-
ize cases of individual grants, and individual reserva-
tions. He moved a slight amendment to the second
section, by inserting the words has been, so as to
read shall be or has been executed, so as to include
cases already deeded.
Mr. HAYWOOD thought the senator from
Kentucky mistook his ground of opposition. Enher
the United States have a reversionary interest in
these reservas, or they have not. If they have not
the bill is unnecessary, and worse than useless. If
they have, the power to individuals is given o'"
cheating the Indians; and, if cheated, provided the
approbation of the President ran be procured for tha
