CONGRESSIONAL GLORl.
fraudulent alienation, the Indian is excluded from
all redress by appeal to courts of justice. _ It will
swarm the palace with putchases of Indian land
titles, seeking the approbation of the President to
their speculations. .
Mr. PHELPS was induced to think the precise
nature of the bill, was not' yet fully understood'.
"Where cases of grants to Indians occurred, there
could be no necessity for the bill at all. Where
the reserves are only those of occupancy, the bill
wnuld convert them into grants. By the amend-
ment of the senator from Arkansas, the operation of
the bill was confined to three States only—Indiana,
Illinois, and Michigan. In fact it put the few
cases remaining in those States on the same footing
which Congress has already placed a majority of
such cases upon heretofore. This being the whole
effect, he would give it his sanction.
Mr. PORTER referred to the practice of the
government in relation to individual grants to In-
dians.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved to lay the bill on the
table.
The vote on this motion was —yeas 11, nays 16.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to amend the bill by
including the Territory of Wisconsin, to come in af-
ter the word Michigan.
Mr. PHELPS trusted the amendment would not
prevail. Some senators who supported the bill, did
so because the cases remaining in the three States of
Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan, were so limited that
it was not worth while to let them remain upon a
footing different from that on which other cases had
heretofore been placed. This would be an enlarge-
ment of the principle quite beyond what was con-
templated.
Mr. TALLMADGE withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BREESE moved to amend the bill in the first
section and third line, and second section to cor-
respond, by inserting the words "or their heirs,"
(those of the grantees.)
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was reported back to the Senate, and the
amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TALLMADGE renewed his amendment to
insert, after the word "Michigan," the word "or
Territory of Wisconsin."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BREESE moved to amend the bill in the
first and second sections, by inserting the words
"and in case of the death of such person or persons,
then their heirs."
This amendment was adopted.
Mr. JARNAG1N moved to strike out the words
"or shall be" in the 4th line of the 1st section, on the
ground that in all future treaties no reservations will
be made. The bill was not intended to apply to fu-
ture eases; it referred to existing cases only.
The amendment was adopted.
On the question of engrossment, Mr. HAYWOOD
called for the yeas and nays—and they were order-
ed.
Mr. BREESE, who had introduced the bill, ex-
plained the difficulties which had rendered it neces-
sary.
The question was then taken on ordering the bill
to be engrossed; and resulted—yeas 19, nays 10, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Iia\ard,
Breese, Choate, Francis, Henderson, linger, Jama^in, john-
son, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Tallmadge, White, VV'ood-
biul^e, am! WoOfUiuo—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Benton, fLiyton, K.vnrn, Hay-
wood, Huntington, Lewis, Pearce, Sturgeon, and Tap]>an—
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate bill 140,
granting §300 to Peter Von SUimidt for his transla-
tion of the Russian hemp document, was taken up,
considered, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Senate
went into executive session, and after some hours
spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Nay 15, 1844.
Mr. DELLET, by leave, presented proceedings
of a meeting of citizens of Mobile, Alabama, in fa-
vor of the annexation of Texas to the Union; which
were laid upon the table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced the order of business
for the morning hour to be the call upon standing
committees for reports; and the following were pre-
sented:
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate, entitled
"An act for the relief of George Harrison and his
sureties," reported the same without amendment:
committed to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. VANCE, from the same committee, made a
report upon the case of Margaret Dougherty, accom-
panied by a bill for her relief; which bill was read a
first and second time, and committed to a Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on
Commerce, made a report upon the memorial of the
commissioners of internal improvement of the State
of Michigan, accompanied by an amendment to the
bill for the relief of the New Orleans and the Qarrol-
ton railroad company; which amendment was com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. HALE,
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
from the petition of Eseck Gift'ard, of Rhode Island; and that
it be laid upon the table.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the Committee on Com-
merce, made a report upon the case of Amos Proc-
ter, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read twice, and referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate entitled
"An act for the relief of Hiram Murch," reported
the same without amendment: committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, to which was referred the memo-
rial of Thomas Green, commissioner on behalf of
Virginia, reported a bill amendatory of the act en-
titled "An act to provide for liquidating and paying
certain claims of the State of Virginia," approved
5th July, 1832; which was read twice, and commit-
ted to a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate to grant a certain quantity of land to aid in
the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers,
and to connect the same by a canal in the Territory
of Wisconsin, reported the same without amend-
ment: committed to a Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made a report in relation to
the condition of the Post Office Department; which
was committed to the Committee of the Whole
'House on the state of the Union.
Mr. DANA submitted a report containing the
views of a minority of said committee, in relation to
the abolition of the franking privilege, and a reduc-
duction of the rates of postage; which was commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. KIRKPATRICK,
Oideied, That the Committee for the Distiut of Columbia
be discharged from the consideration of the memorial of tho
corporation of Georgetown, for an appropriation to test an
invention for removing sand-bars, and that it be relerred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. KIRKPATRICK, from the same committee,
reported a bill to establish a uniform standard of
weights and measures in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate entitled "An act concerning the Supreme
Court of the United States," reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mr. FRENCH, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill from the Senate entitled
"An act for the relief of John Atchison," reported
the same without amendment: committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
On motion by Mr. D. P. KING,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from the consideration of the petition of sun-
dry widows in the State of New Jeisey, pra\ing for a con-
tinuance of their pensions for life, and that it'be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. WM. J. BROWN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to which was referred the bill
from the Senate entitled an att to repeal an act enti-
tled an act directing the survey of the northern line
of the reservation for the half-breeds of the Sac and
Fox tribes of Indians, by the treaty of August,
1824, approved March 3, 1843, reported the same,
without amendment.
On motion of Mr. CROSS,
Ordered, That the Committee on Private Land Claims be
discharged from the consideration of the report and letters
from the Secretary of the Treasury and Commissioner of-
the General Land Office in relation to the claim of the heirs
of the late Jean Baptiste Macarty; and also from the pe-
tition of Edward W. Duvallj and that they lie upon the
table.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to which were referred sundry resolutions and
petitions in relation to the Military Academy at
West Point, made a report thereon, accompanied
by a bill to reduce the expenses of the Military
Academy at West Point, and for other purposes;
which bill was read a first and second time, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. STEWART,
Oidtred, That the Committee on the Militia be discharged
from the consideration of the resolution of the House of the
3d of January last, in relation to modif3ring the militia laws
of the Lmted States, and that it lie upon the table.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which was referred the bill from
the Senate entitled an act supplementary to the act
entitled "an act to regulate the pay of the navy of
the United States," reported the same without
amendment; which was committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. PARMENTER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of Joseph K.
Boyd; the petition of citi7ens of Pennsylvania for a dry dock
at Philadelphia; the petition of citizens o( Maine for a reduc-
tion of pay in the navy; the memorial of Richard A. Gilpin;
the petition of Wm P McConnell, and the petition of Madi-
son Whoeden; and that they be laid upon the table
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which were referred communications
from the Secretaries of War and Navy in relation to
large wrought iron guns, and the bursting of a large
wrought iron gun on board of the Princeton, made a
report thereon; which was laid upon the table.
Mr. THOMAS H. SEYMOUR, from the same
committee, made a report upon the petition of Sarah
P. Mather, accompanied by a bill to test the utility
of the submarine telescope; which was read a first
and second time, and committed to a Committee of
the Whole House.
On motion of Mr. BARRINGER,
Ordtred, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the resolution of
the House of the 29th of January last, in relation to a marine
hospital at the junction of the Mississippi and Ohio rivers,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, made a report in relation to certain
reciprocity treaties, accompanied by the following
resolution:
Rrwlved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, as soon as it can be done amicably and without just
cause of complaint, to rescind the reciprocity treaties
subsisting between the Hanse Towns, Denmark, and
Sweden, and to procme such a modification oftfiat with
Great Britain as will open the trade between her colonies
and the United States as with Great Britain.
Committed to the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee-on Invalid
Pensions, made a report upon the petition of Han-
nah Dubois, accompanied by a bill for her relief;
which was read a first and second time, and com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. CARROLL, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred the bill from the
Senate entitled "An act to apply certain alternate
sections of the public domain towards the comple-
tion of works of internal improvement in the State
of Michigan, and for other purposes, reported the
same without amendment; which was committed to
the Committee of the^Whole House on the state of
the Union.
On motion of Mr. OWEN,
Ordered, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be
discharged from the farther consideration of the petitions
loracahal to connect the navigation of Lakes Kuion ami
Superior.|lor the completion of the ZanesviUe and May v
ville turnpike road; for the improvement of the North
rive; for the improvement of certain western ri\ers;fora
road near the Cumberland road near Laurel Hill, to the
harbor ot Erie, from a resolutionto the legislature of Mich-
iganjfor the improvement of Gi and river, a resolution and
petitions for 8 ship canal around Sault St Mane- and from
