CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COBB moved that those members who were
in the gallery be permitted to enter.
The motion was objected to, and ruled by the
Speaker to be out of order.
Mr. A. H. READ moved that all farther proceed-
ings in the call be dispensed with: rejected.
Mr. ADAMS rose and inquired whether it would
be in order to direct the serjeant-at-arms to bring in
the members who were waiting outside the doors.
The SPEAKER remarked that had already been
done.
The sergeant-at-arms returned, having in his cus-
tody several members.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that the House proceed
in reference to those members who had been brought
in, without waiting for the others to be brought in.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he understood that these
gentlemen hud been waiting outside the door for ad-
mission, and he moved that they be discharged, or, if
it would operate as a discharge, he would move that
all further proceedings be suspended.
Mr. TUCKER inquired whether those gentle-
men who had been brought in by the serjeant-at-
arms would be entitled to vote on this question.
It was the opinion of the Chair, that they could
not be excluded from voting.
A division was called for.
Mr. WELLER asked for tellers: not seconded.
Mr. BARNARD called for the yeas and nays:
not ordered.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House adjourn:
negatived.
Mr. ELMER moved that all further proceedings
in the call be suspended.
Mr. BARNARD demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted thus:
yeas 122, nays 49.
So the H )use resolved to dispense with all further
proceedings in the call.
Mr. SCHENCIC raised the question of order
whether the gentlemen who were taken into custody
by the sergeant-at-arms had a right to vote.
The CHAIR snid that they had the right to vote.
Mr. SCHENCK asked if the question of order
was debatable. If so, he sould show clearly that
they were not entitled to vote. The question was
to suspend all further proceedings under the call,
which was, in effect, to discharge these gentlemen;
and they were, therefore, interested, and would be
voting in their own cases.
The CHAIR said that there could be no point of
order entertained at tins stage of the proceedings.
Mr. WELLER asked if the gentleman had a
right to debate this question.
The CHAIR said that there was no point of or-
der entertained to debate.
Mr. WELLER said, if it was debatable, he
could show, from the journals, that some of the
gentlemen who so earnestly opposed suspending
proceedings under the call had been absent from the
House, on an average, three days in the week, du-
ring the session. He had one gentleman particu-
larly in his eye.
Mr. SCHENCIC, who voted with the majority,
moved a reconsideration of the vote just taken, and
raised the question of order whether the gentlemen
who hod been in custody of the sergeant-at-arms
could vote on it.
Some conversation on a point of order ensued;
pending winch,
Mr. HARDIN moved that the House adjourn.
And, the yeas and nays having been ordered, the
question was taken, and decided in the negative—
yeas 84, nays 90.
After a tew words of conversation, the pending
motions were withdrawn, and the question recurred
on seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion on the election btll. Tellers were called for,
and Messrs. McCi.ervwd and Gaixnteli, were ap-
pointed; and they reported 92 in the affirmative,
which was deemed sufficient, and the negative was
not taken. The main question was also ordered to
be now put, and the question recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Elmer.
Mr. ELMER called for the yeas and nays, ob-
serving that the difference was this: the bill, as it
now stood, would apply to the next succeeding elec-
tion; whereas the amendment would exclude its ope-
ration at the next, but make it applicable to all sub-
sequent elections.
The yeas and nays were denied; but tellers were
ordered, and Messrs. Grinnell and C. Johnson
were appointed; and they reported 66 in the affirma-
tive, and 86 in the negative. |
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and it was read a third time accord-
ingly-
The yeas and nays were ordered on the question
of its passage, arid resulted thus: yeas 141, nays 34.,
YEAS—.Messrs. Adams.-Arrington, Atkinson, Barringer,
Belser, Benton, Bidlack, Edward j. Black, James Black,
Blackwell, Bower, Boyd, Brmkcrhoff, MiltonBrown, Burke.
Caldwell, Jeremiah R. Car}', Cheperd Cary, Carroll, Catlin,
Causin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chap-
poll, Clinton,- Cobb, Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana. Dan cl,
Oarrett Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dickinson,
Dillingham, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dmilap, Lllis, Elmer,
Ficklm, Fish, Florence, Foster, French, Goggin, Byram
Green, Gridcr, Hale, Hamlin, I-Iammet, Haralson, HariLn,
Harper, Hays, Henley, Berrxck, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston,
Hubard, llubbell, Hungerford, James B Hunt, Charles J.
Jngersoll, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George IV. Jones, Preston King, Kirkpatrick,
Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCanslen,
Maclay, McClernand, McDonnell. .McDowcll, I^cKay.JVa-
thews, Joseph iYioirn, Murphy, Norus, Owen. Parmenter,
Patterson. Payne, Teyton, Phoenix, Pollock, Emery D Potter,
Pratt, Rathbun, Reding, Reifu, Hitter, Robinson, Roger*.
Russell, St John, Saunders, Schenek, Senter, Severance,
Thomas II Seymour, David L Seymour, Simons, SlidelJ,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenroti,
Stetson, Andrew Stewart John Stewart, Stiles, Stone,
Strong. Sunnncis, Sjkes, Taylor, Thomas.son, 7hompson,
Tibbatts, Tilden Tucker, Vance. Vanmeter, "W'eller, "Went-
worth, Wethered, VUieaton, While, 'Williams, Joseph A.
Wright, and iost—141.
NAVS—Messrs, Abbot, Barnard, James A. Black, Bien-
gle, Buflington, Burt, Clinch, CLngman, Darragh, Richard
D. Davis, Foot. Holmes, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, John
P. Kennedv, Daniel P King, McClelland, .Vtersh. Edward
J. Morris, AJoseley, Newton, Eheha R. Potter. Ramsey,
Charles M. Reed, David S Reid, Rockwell. Sample, Simp-
son, Stephens. Tyler, Vinton, Winthrop, Woodward, and
William Wright—34.
So the bill was passed, as follows:
A BILL to ameud an act entitled "An act relative to the
election of a Presidunt and Vice Fiv-idont of the United
States, and declaring the officer who shall act as President
and Vice President of the United Slates, and declaring the
officer who shall act as President incase of vacancies m
the offices both of President and Vice President,'" approved
Varch first, one thousand s.-ven hundred and ninety-two.
Br it enacted by the Senate and House oj Rfprcicvtatit t * of the
ZTvited States of America in Congress assembled, Thct the
time of choosing the electors of President and Vice President
ol the United States, m each State, shall be the Tuesday
next after the fiist .Vonday of November next, a*11 after
wards, except when a special election chall be hel-1 >n pur-
suance oi the tenth section of the act to which this is an
amendment, the time ot choosing said electors shall be the
Tuesday nevt after tin fast Monday of No\ ember in every
fomth year succeeding the last election of said electors;
and when such special election shall be held, the time there-
for shall be the Tuesday next after the fir .t Monday of No-
vember in the year when the same shall be held pursuant
to the section aforesaid.
Mr. DUNCAN rose, and said that bills some-
times passed that House, and did not stay passed.
He moved, therefore, to reconsider the vote just
taken, and called for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK said he wished to inquire
whether it would be in order for any member from
Ohio (the previous question being withdrawn for
that purpose) to say something: in reply to what had
been said in reference to the Ohio election.
Mr. DUNCAN refused to withdraw his demand
for the previous question.
The demand was seconded; and the main ques-
tion was ordered to be now put; the main question
bein , Shall the vote be reconsidered?
The question was put, and decided in the nega-
tive.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By the SPEAKER: A remonstrance of the citizens of the
cit) of Richmond. State of Virginia, a&ainst any change m
the existing ta nil'lav.: referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means
By A. A. CTiAPVAX: The petition of William Smith, of
the count; of Mercer Vijgim.i, pnj ing lor a pension: refei-
red fo the GomniiUee on Invalid Pensions
By ?'r TYLER: the petition ot Stephen Cook and ICO
others, inhabitants of the county of Chautauque. New Yo"k
praying ior a reduction of the rates of postage and the nbo-
litjon of the frank.n£ pn\ ilege, also for the reduction of
the pa} of members oi Congiess and the pay oi public offi-
cers generally, so that offices will not be sought on account
of the pay.
By i\.r THOMA5SON: The petition of Elizabeth Taylor,
widow of Major Wm Taylor, dect a'-ed. leferred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
13y Mr. COBB: The petition of W. B. Bullock and others,
attorneys of the circuit court of the United states, for the
district of Georgia, asking Congress to mcica^e the compen-
sation for the maishal for the district: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
By Mr. CULLOM. The petition of Lucy Hsrdcastle
praying Congress to pass a law allowing her o pension for
services performed by her husband in the revolutionary
war. '
By JVIr. St. JOHN: The memorial of Joseph Chaffee and
others, asking an appropriation to pay the balance of claims
due the petitioners from the "Wyandot Indians, as guar&ri.
tied by the treaty with said tribe ofindians: referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
By Mr DAWSON: rJ he petitions of numerous citizens of
the parishes of Avoyelles, f-oint Coupee,Concordia,Catehou*
la, Madison, Carroll, lensas, isachitoehes,, Caddo, St , ary,
.berville, East and West Baton b ouge, Last and w est Feli-
ciana, et a; also, the parishes composing the 6th judicial dis-
trict; ail of the State of Louisiana, remonstrating against
the icmoval of the ofiice of the surveyor general from Ba«
ton Rouge, and urging its permanent location and estab-
lishment at that place: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 16. 3844.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from citizens
of Monongalia county, Virginia, remonstrating
against any change of the tariff at the present ses-
sion of Congress" referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Also presented a remonstrance, numerously sign*
ed by citizens of Bangor, Maine, without distinction
of party, against the annexation of Texas to the
United States: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Washington county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against the annexation of Texas to the United
States.
Mr. BATES presented a similar memorial from
citizens of New Bedford, Massachusetts, signed by
an equal jiumber of all parties; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented- -a memorial from
Daniel Nason, jr., and 64 others, of Kermebunk?
Maine, in favor of the annexation of Texas to the
United States: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from a num-
ber of citizens of the county of Albemarle, Virginia,
and the proceedings of a large meeting held in Pe-
tersburg, Virginia, in favor of the annexation of
Texas to thelJmted States: ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WOODBURY presented the proceedings o*"
a meeting held in Worcester, Massachusetts, pray
ing for the ratification of the treaty for the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States: ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. BREESE, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of William Elliott, jr., of Fulton county, State
of Illinois; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lauds.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files the company pay-
roll of the 1st infantry and the regiment of dragoons,
which were before the committee who reported
against the army retrenchment bill.
HON. JOHN M. NILES.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the select committee, to
which was referred the credentials of the Hon. John
M. Niles to be a senator of the United States from
the State of Connecticut, with instructions to in-
quire into the election, leturn, and qualifications of
the said John M. Niles, and into his capacity, at
this time, to take the oath prescribed by the consti-
tution, performed the duty assigned them; and re-
ported that they were satisfied his election, return,
and qualification were legal and sufficient. As tn
his capacity at this time to take the oath prescribed
by the constitution, they say that, after full, free,
and frank conversations, Mr. Niles gave so satisfac-
tory an account of his afflictions and present condi-
tion as to render a resort to other evidence unneces-
sary. The committee, after going into a detail of
the nature of the affliction, conclude as follows:
"The committee are satisfied that Mr. Niles is at
this time laboring under mental and physical debili-
ty," but is not of "unsound mind,"'' in the technical
sense of that phrase; that the faculties of his mind
are subject to the control of his will; and there is no
sufficient reason why he be not qualified, and per-
mitted to take his scat as a member of the Senate;
and they most cordially unite with Dr. Brigham
[whose letter constitutes a part of the report of the
committee] in the hope that such a course (that is,
taking his seat in the Senate, and participating at
least two hours a day actively in its business) will
be the means of usefulness, and a resource against
disease. Therefore,
Reso/ie-i, T3iat the Hon JohvM. Xilhs be permitted to
take the oath of a senator in the Congress of the United
States, and to take his seat as a member 01 the Senate.
The question was taken upon the resolution, and
it -was adopted; and the Hon. Mr. Niles came for-
ward, qualified, and took his seat.
Mr, BENTON presented a petition from a great
