CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
600
number of the inhabitants of the town of Commerce,
Mississippi, praying that an appropriation may be
made for the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion by Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands waa discharged from the
further consideration of certain memorials on the
subject of appropriating lands for the improvement
of the Wabash and Erie canal—the committee hav-
ing reported upon the subject.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked, that some time since
the Senate passed a joint resolution from the House
authorizing the printing of an additional number of
copies of the journals and public documents. On an
examination of the matter, he was sure that if the
resolution should take effect from and after its pas-
sage, a great and unnecessary expense would be in-
curred. He therefore gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a joint resolution
providing that that resolution shall not take effect
until the commencement of the next session of Con-
gress.
Air. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred an act supplementary
to an act entitled an Act in relation to the lands sold
m the Greensburg (late St. Helena) land district, in
the State of Louisiana, and authorizing the resurvey
of certain lands in the said district, approved August
29, 1842, reported an entire substitute for the bill;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
The following engrossed bills were then read the
third time, and passed, viz:
The bill so to amend the act reorganizing the Gen-
eral I and Office, as to abolish the office of the Soli-
citor of the General Land Office;
The bill for the relief of Peter Von Schmidt;
The bill relating to the bonds to be given by cus-
tom-house officeis. [This bill requires that these
ofnccrs shall give bond immediately on entering
on the duties of the office. The present law per-
mits them to be in office three months before bond
is required of them.
The bill for the relief of Gideon Baicheldor and
others.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Byram, Harrison
Young, and Benjamin Young.
The biil to authorize the payment of equitable
commissions to the a^nts or attorneys of persons
in whose favor awards have been made under three
several treaties between the Unifed States and cer-
tain foreign powers, which awards have been re-
turned into the treasury in payment of debts due
the United States.
The joint resolution authorizing the transmission
and presentation of books to the minister of justice
of France, in exchange for books received from him.
The joint resolution, authorizing an allowance to
purser D. M. F. Thornton, in the settlement of his
accounts.
The bill for the relief of Reynall Coates, Walter
R. Johnson, and William B. McMurtrie. [This
bill imdemnifies these individuals for losses sustained
in consequence of the revocation of their appoint-
ments as members of the scientific corps of the
South sea exploring expedition, after they had made
every preparation, by the purchase, of clothing and
scientific instruments for the expedition.]
The bill granting a pension to George Whitten.
The bill authorizing persons to whom reserva-
tions of land have been or shall be made, under In-
dian treaties, to alienate the some in fee.
The bill for the relief of Henry Gardner and
others, directors of an association called the JNew
England Mississippi Land Company, was then read
the**third time; and the question being, Shall the
bill pass?
Mr. WALKER said he had strong impressions
against the bill, but would not detain the Senate by
making any remarks against if, but merely call for
the yeas and nays. They weie ordered.
The, question 'was then nut: and the bill was pass-
ed by—yeas 18, nays 11, as follows:
YF. IS—Archer. Batos. Bnjard, Berrien, Bncha.
nan, Choate, ton. < ntVnden, levant, Frcncis, Hunting-
tor, Jarnn^m, M'lller, Phelps, Porter. Rives. White, and
Vv'oo Ibrid^c—IS
NAYS-^vfessr?. Allrn, ^therfo.i Benton, Colquitt. Hpv-
 vr>od, Sturgeon. Tampan, Walker, Woodburv, and Vv r'qiit
—11.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said there was a joint res-
olution on the calendar, providing for the receivabili-
ty of receipts issued by the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States for money paid into the treasury—
that is, so prot iding that those receipts may be
received at the land offices in payment for lands.
He moved that the previous orders of the day
be postponed, and that thrt bill betaken up for
consideration. The motion was agreed to, and the
joint resolution respecting the receipts issued by
the Treasurer of the United States in payment of the
public lands, was taken up, considered as in com-
mittee of the whole, reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the bill for the re-
lief of (that is, by allowing them to remove certain
negroes into the United States from Texas) certain
persons residing within the reputed limits of the
United States, of Arkansas and Louisiana, and be-
yond the boundary line between the United States
and the republic of Texas as established by the
commissioners appointed to ascertain the same, was
taken up as in committee of the whole; but without
being considered, was again laid on the table, n
the motion of Mr. WALKER, who said the hour
had arrived for proceeding to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SEVIER gave notice that he would ask for
the consideration of the bill to-morrow.
The Senate then, according to order, at 1 o'clock,
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and spent some hours therein.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 16, 1844.
The journal having been read, several gentlemen
rising and addressing the Chair,
The SPEAKER assigned the floor to the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Dawson.]
Mr. ELMER rose to a privileged question. The
report of the select committee in the case of the ren-
contre which took pla-e between Messrs. White
and Ratkbu.v, on which there was a motion to re-
commit pending, had been postponed to and nic.de
the special order of the day; and he thercf-ie
moved that it be now taken up.
Mr. ADAMS asked the gentleman from New
Jersey to yield him the floor, to enable him to pre-
sent a memorial fiom a statistical society, complain-
ing of some errors in the census.
Mr. DEAN claimed the floor to move to go into
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEaKER said he had assigned the floor to
the gentleman from Louisian, [Mr. Dawson;] but
the gentleman from New Jersey rising to a privi-
leged question, he was entitled to the floor.
Air. DAWSON remarked, that it was with diffi-
dence he was about to ask, if not a favor, at least an
indulgence of the House. The members would
bear him out in the fact, that he was not in the habit
of importuning the House on trivial occasions, and
he was resolved never to trifle with the public time
by captious or unimportant demands. He had a
resolution to submit, which he was unwilling to
hazard, without, in some degree, preparing mem-
bra for a correct decision on its merits. He was
not disposed to tax the House with a speech, or
even a tedious explanation of irs merits. They
were few, and ccnld.be compressed in a mU-shefl.
He was prepared to call up the Senate bill, No. 29,
regulating land claims in Louisiana, and other
States, and to move that the same be taken from the
Committee of the Whole on the slate of the Union,
and, in the House, be made the order of the day at
some future time. He was not willing to take
members by surprise, but simply to place this bill
in a position not to be overlooked, as had been its
fate for the three last sessions of Congress. It had
its origin in the Senate, and he was confident that it
was lost here simply in consequence of other busi-
ness being thus long allowed a preference and pre-
cedence over it. A majority have always been in
favor of it, and, he entertained no doubt, are so at
this moment. His only apprehension was that two-
thirds might not conscnr to take up the bill.
Air. D. contended that there was no bill that could
be selected of more importance than the Senate bill
No. 20. Upon its passage greatly depended the
untrammelled prosperity and advancement of sev-
eral States. He would confine himself to bis own
State. The large land clauns that have, for more
than thirty years, hung over his beloved State, like
a hideous excrescence, weighing down her energies
like a mill-stone, and impeding the rapid settlement
of her fertile lands, wdl at once lose all their terror,
upon the passage of this bill. Louisiana mi°ht then
be compared to a boat that had been sunk, which,
after being bailed out and thoroughly repaired, was
wont to move onward, in the gales of agricultural
and commercial prosperity, "like a thing of life."
A rumor, he was informed, had spread among
some of the members, that this bill was designed
for the benefit of the large claimants and the rich
speculators—that it was the rich man^s, and not the
poor man's bill. Now, he challenged the strictest
scrutiny in his past life, and proudly asked when it
was, and where it was, he was ever found on the
side of the rich against the poor, the strong against
the weak, or the oppressor against the oppressed.
No; he was not personally acquainted with any
large land claimants, and he had never exchanged
words^ with any one of them in his life. He was
the friend of thousands, who weie cultivating, in
good faith, and, as he believed, with good, valid,
and le^al titles, the valuable and productive lands
covered by those large claims.
This,he contended, was a great drawback on the
■wealth and prosperity of Louisiana. The timid
were afraid to lay out large sums in embellishing
and rendering comfortable their homes; and others
were deterred from settling the richest lands on the
face of the earth. Those large claims have been re*
jected by Congress for the last thirty years, at an im-
mense annual expense, and still they live; and the
claimants ore now as sanguine of success as they
were thirty ijearsago' They seem to him as possess
ed of the ancver ending, never dying" principle;
and, if we are to draw conclusions of the future by
the lessons of the past, those claims will be sus-
pended over their heads when this proud Capitol
shall'have sunk on a level with the sea.
This billpropcses to vest the adjudication of those
claims with the federal courts within the respective
States. Thus each citizen can employ counsel at
home, selecting his favorite lawyer. He can hear
the testimony, argument, and decree, for or against
him. Should he be dissatisfied with the judgment
of the court below, he can follow his case to the Su-
preme Court of the United States with a positive
certainty as to time and expense to be incurred. As
it now stands, he is utterly dependent upon this
House, \\ here he can nevu* expect to be seen or
heard.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order to de-
bate the subject befoie it was taken up by the House.
Air. ELMER insisted on his right u the floor.
Mr. WHITE observed that he wished the report
of the select committee to be taken up; but he
would observe to the House, that the bill referred to
by the gentleman from Louisiana would not take
five minntes, and he would suggest the propriety of
taking it up, and disposing of it at once.
Air. HAMMET asked the gentleman from New
Jersey to yield the floor, for the purpose of taking
up that bill.
Mr. ELMER said he would do so with pleasure,
provided he did not lose his right to the floor.
Mr. DEAN moved that the further consideration
of the report of the select committee be postponed
till to-morrow.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in or-
der, as the gentleman from New Jersey had the
floor.
Mr. ELMER said he had risen and insisted on
his right to the floor, because he had been placed m
a wrong position before the public, and he wished
to have an opportunity of placing himself in a cor-
rect position before the House and the country.
Air. HARDIN rose to a question of order, and
submitted whether it was in order to debate the
subject-matter of he report of the select committee.
The SPEAKER said that the report of the com-
mittee was before the House, on a motion of re-
committal, and it was therefore in order to debate it.
Mi*. ELMER continued. When the subject was
up j.^t, he made some observations which were not
reported; but the next day there appeared m one of
thr morning papers a leport of the remarks of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Dickinson,] in
which there was a reply to remarks purporting to
come from him, which he did not make. Pie was
replied to as if he had approved of and supported
the resolutions of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. when in fact he stated express-
ly he did not approve of them.
Some conversation took place between Messrs.
DICKINSON and ELMER,
Mr. ELMEIl saying that he did not approve of
the resolutions of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, though he did approve of the first one. He
was opposed to the recommitment of the report, and
was for the House acting on the subject at once. At
a proper time, he would submit a resolution, which
