606
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• Mr. Wentworth here interrupted, and asked
Mr. Thompson if- he would vote for the bill if his
amendment prevailed.
Mr. Thompson said he would answer that inter-
rogatory in a few minutes. He had introduced the
foregoing table to show the reliance to be placed on
the estimates of your topographical bureau. He
would much sooner rely upon the views and calcu-
lations of practical men. But the gentleman from
Illinois desired to know what course he would pur-
sue in relation to this bill, should this amendment
prevail. He would scorn himself, did he consider
himself capable of changing his vote on this bill by
the adoption of this amendment. He envied not the
man his principles or his conscience who could con-
sent to be moved about by such considerations. He
believed the system wrong; and the paltry sum of
ten thousand dollars could not induce him to sanc-
tion this svstem. And he said he should vote
against the bill, even should the amendment prevail.
This might defeat his proposition; for he well re-
membered, when the bill for the improvement of the
"western harbors was up for consideration, the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Chapman] advocated an
appropriation for the Tennessee river, for which es-
timates had been made, and he was categorically
asked, if his wishes prevailed, would he vote for
the bill; and because his answer was unsatisfactory,
the appropriation was denied. This is the way m
■which bills of this character are carried through this
House. You are to interest men, and to divide the
spoil. A single appropriation, for a single work,
would receive no favor; but, by combination and
mutual understanding, bills are passed. Let the
people of the country know this, and he envied not
the laurels of any man so dearly bought.
But the importance of this paltry appropriatijn
no man will deny. And shall no feeling of the gen-
eral good lead men to give any individual a share
who is not ready to put himself in the market?
The aggregate of the bills for the improvement of
harbors and rivers is $1,152,000. Of this amount,
excepting the sums appropriated for the Mississippi
river and its tributaries, §145,000 alone is to be ex-
pended south of Mason and Dixon's line; and of
this sum, only $15,000 goes to the Gulf of Mexico.
The value of the annual products of the western
and southwestern States, accoiding to the census of
1840, is as follows:
Alabama ...... {.•>8,961,326
Mississippi - . £0,73d 1*3 *
Louisiana - - , . 3o!c44^9
Arkansas ...... 6,368,395
Tennessee 37,673,360
Missouri 10,830,-144
Kentucky .... . 3^,6-24,191
Ohio .... . 53,900,678
Indiana ... . 23,63-2,931
Illinois ... . irt,981,ftH3
"Wisconsin ... . l^Oo.GOO
' - 1,13>,100
$30:>,S70,'H3
These western and southern and southwestern
States are the £reat feeders of your commerce. Of
the whole foreign commerce of this country, near
two-thirds of yonr cxportations go from and through
the Gulf of Mexico; yet to the improvement of that
gulf the pitiful sum of $15,000 is allotted.
Gentlemen should look seriously to this matter.
One portion of this Union views vour tax bills as
blessings; the other as burdens. The manufactur-
ing States advocate tariffs because they fee] that they
are more than reimbursed, in the shape of bounties
on their products, for the money they pay m the
shape of taxes; while the planting States feel that
the tax paid government is so much abstracted from
the profits of their labor; and besides, the bounties
paid the manufacturers are also directly or indirect-
ly drawn from them. Under the plundering
operation of your protective tariff system,
every man of a fair and liberal mind muse feel
that it is idle and ridiculous to call this a govern-
ment of equal laws; a tax is prayed for, and the im-
position of a tax is hailed as a positive good. The
very expression convinces one that there is rotten-
ness arid corruption somewhere. But let us one
stepfar.her. Your tax, thus imquitously collected,
is disbursed in such a manner that those who re-
garded your tax bills as blessings, divide eight-
tenths of it among themselves. Can any one be as-
tonished that the exclamation should proceed from
that section to which he belonged? that in verity " c
only know and feel this government by its op-
pressions. Your taxes are unjustly collected, and
!feu$ imquitoysly disbursed.
Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. T.) how insulting, and
how absurd it is, in view of all these facts, to be
asked to sanction an unholy system of expenditure,
in order to obtain a paltry expenditure for a neces-
sary improvement in the great highway of com-
merce.
He said he offered his amendment in good faith,
and hoped it would be inserted in the bill.
Mr. - HAMMET advocated the amendment.
The channel to which* it had reference was import-
ant as a great mail-route, and also as the way by
which much important commerce was transmitted to
market.
Mr, TIBBATTS moved the previous-question.
Mr. E. J. BLACK, having obtained the with-
drawal of the previous question, on a pledge to re-
new it, proceeded to make some observations on the
amendment, and on expenditures for internal im-
provements generally. This bill came from the
Committee on Commerce, and was designed to af-
ford facilities to commerce; and hence he had not
• even a momentary doubt respecting the vote which
he should give. He opposed these expenditures for
any such purposes. He would vote for appropria-
tions for light-houses, for the purpose of guiding
our navy into port, or for military roads, for the
conveyance of our army; but he would not vote for
this amendment.
He considered the appropriation for the Savan-
nah river to be perfectly safe. It was an appropria-
tion which must pess. The obstructions had been
placed there by order of the general government,
for the benefit of the whole United States; and, now
that its purpose had been accomplished, and the in-
terests of commerce required their removal, this
government was bound to remove them.
If the gentleman from Kentucky insisted upon
his renewing the demand for the previous question,
he was, of course, bound to renew it, though he
was himself averse to it.
Mr. TIBBATTS insisted on the previous ques-
tion; and
Mr. BLACK accordingly renewed the demand.
Mr. .T. P. KENNEDY appealed to the gentleman
to withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. BELSER moved a call of the House; and,
on this motion,
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays.
On seconding the call for the yeas and nays, the
votes were taken bv tellers, who reported 39 in the
affirmative—a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, and, being ta-
ken, were: yeas 49, nays 117.
So the call of the House was not ordered.
Mr. TIBBATTS then withdrew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. KENNEDY sent to the Chair an amend-
ment which he proposed to offer, but it was ruled
by the Chair not to be in order at this time, as the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia
was still pending.
Mr. K. explained the object of the amendment
which he proposed to offer, which was an appropri-
tion for the preservation of the harbor at Baltimore.
Mr. K. concluded by renewing the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. VINTON inquired if the effect of the pre-
vious question would be to cut off the gentleman's
amendment.
The SPEAKER said that it would.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said he so understood it;
out he moved the previous question in accordance
with the promise he made when he obtained the
floor.
The previous question was then seconded—ayes
91, noes 42—and the main question was ordered.
When the mam question was first put on the
amendment to the amendments of the committee
appropriating 4,10,000 for the removal of the bar at
the mouth of Pass Christian, Louisiana. This
question being decided in the negative—ayes 54
nays 72, '
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendments made in Committee of the Whole, and
was taken fu*sr on the amendment appropriating
$15,000 for the improvement of the harbor at Bridge-
port, Connecticut.
This amendment was also rejected—ayes 39,
noes not counted. '
The question was then put on the amendment
appropriating $5,000 for the improvement of the har-
bor at White Hall, New York.
Mr. BELSER called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and the question being taken, decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 87, a?: follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnard,
Brengle,- Brodhead, Milton Brown, Buflington, Jeremiah e!
Gary, Shepherd Gary, Carroll, Causin, Chilton, Clinch,
Clinton, Collamer, Cranston, Darragh, Garrett Davis,
Richard D. Davis, Dean, Delict, Dickey, Dunlap. Ellis,
Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddings, Giinnell. Grider,
Hardin, Harper-, Hays, Hubbell, Hudson, Washington HuntJ
Charles J. Jnger^oll, Joseph R fngersoll, Jenks, Perlev B.
Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel P. King,
Kirkpatriclc, McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvainc, Marsh,
Mathews, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Patterson, Pejton,
Phcenix, Pollock. Elisha R. Potter, Pratt, Preston, Ram-
sey, Charles M Reed, Robinson, Rockwell, Rogers, Rus-
sell, Sample, Schenek, Senter, Severance, David L. Sey-
mour. Simons, Albert Smith. JohnT. Smith, Caleb B. Smith,
Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Stiong, Summers,
Tibbatts, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Went-
worth, Wethered, White, Winthrop, William Wright, and
Joseph A. Wright— 92
NAYS—Messrs. Arrington, Atkinson, Barringer Bayley,
Belser, Benton, Edward J. Black, James Black, James A.
Black, Blackweli, Bower, Bowlm, Boyd, Brinkerhott',
William J. Blown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Reuben Chap-
man, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell, Clmgman, Cobb,
Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, John W. Davis, De-
berry, Dillingham, Dromgoole, Duncan, Ficklin, French,
Gogffin, Willis Green, By ram Green, Hamlin, Hammet,
Harrison, Henley, Herrick, Holmes, Houston, Hubard,
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kenned},
Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, McCauslen, Maclay, McCler-
nand, McConnell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Newton, Morris,
Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Emery D. Potter, Rathbun,
David S. Reid, Relfe, Hitter, Roberts, St John, Saunders,
Thomas H. Seymour, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart, Stone, Sykes, Tay-
lor, Thompson, Tucker, Weller, Williams, Wooaward, and
Yost—&7.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The other amendments were concurred in; and
the question recuned on the engrossment of the
bill.
Mr. HOLMES moved that when this House ad-
journ, it adjourn to meet again on Monday next.
(The object was to ventilate the House and change
the carpets.)
Mr. HOUSTON moved to amend so as to provide
that when this House adjourn "on Friday" it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
The amendment was negatived.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion of
the gentleman from South Carolina, and resulted
thus: yeas 71, nays 110.
So the motion was negatived.
Mr. Gr. W. JONES moved to lay the harbor and
and river bill on the table; and called for the yeas
and nays thereon; hut they were not ordered. The
motion to lay on the table was also negatived.
On the question of engrossment for a third read-
ing, the yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted—
yeas 96, nays 83, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnard,
Brinkerhoft', Brodhead, Milton Biown, Bufiington, Jere-
miah E. Cary, shepherd Carey, Carroll, Causin. Chiltor,
Clinch, Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Dcrragh. G Davis, R.
D Davis. Dellet, Dickey, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, }• lmer,
lush, Florence, Foot, Giddings, Byram Green, Gnnneli,
Grider, Ilaidin, Harper, Hay?., Huub^ll, Hudson, Va li-
ington Hunt, Charles J Ingersoil, Joseph R Inger.-oll,
Irvin, Jenks, Perley B Johnson, Jolm P. Kennedy, Tics-
ton King, Daniel P. King, Ljon, McClelland, Me^Ivainc,
Marsh, Aiathews, E. J. Morris, Morse, Patter-on, Pejton,
Phcenix, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Lmevy D Potter, Pratt,
Pieston, Charles M. Reed, Robinton, Rockwell, Rogers,
Russell, St John, Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance,
David L. Seymour, Simons, Albert Smith, John T. Smith,
Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewait,
Stiong, Summeis, Sykes, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden,
fl\ler, Vance, Vanuietei, Vinton, Wentv ouh, Wethered,
White, Winthiop, and William Wright.—06
MAYS—Messrs, Arrington, Atkinson, Ban-merer, Ba\ley,
Belser, Denton, Bidlack, Edwaid J. Black, James Elach,
James A. Black, Llackwell. Bower, Cow im, Boyd, I3re:>
gle, Buike, Burt, Caldwell, Reuben Chapman, Augustus
A Chapman, Chappell, Clmgman, Cobb, Coles, Cross,
Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Deben} , Dickinson, Dil*
Imgliam. Dromgoole, Ficklin, French, Goggln, Willis
Gieen, Hamlin, Hammet, Haralson, Derrick, Holmes,
Hoge, Houston, Hubard, Andrew Johnson, George V/.
Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Labranche, Luc^s, Lumpkin,
McCauslen, Maclay, McClernond, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, Joseph Morris, Newton, Noiris, Owen, Parmenter,
Pa\ne, Rathbun, David S. Ren!, Reding, Ritter, Boberts,
Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour, Simp* on, Slidell, Thom-
as Smith, Robert Smith, John Stewart, f.tiles, Stone.
Taylor, Thompson, Tucker, Weller, Williams, Woodwaid.
and Joseph A \V right-
Air. HAMLIN, after the roll had been called
thro-jgh, and bofoie the vote was announced, asked
if it would be in ordei to move to be excuscd from
voting.
The SPEAKER said it would not.
Mr. HAMLIN then voted No.
The question coming up on the passage of the bill,
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. TIBBATTS called for the yeaa and nays;
but they were not ordered.
The question was put on the motion to adjourn;
and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. SEYMOUR moved the previous question op
