June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•621
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Mc demand.
H. of Reps.
charge. But with what justice or truth is this
charge made? Prom a careful examination of the
whole subject, and all that was said or done by Mr.
Polk on the occasion, I am prepared to say that it is
utterly without foundation. So far from its being
true, the evidence is directly to the reverse. The
facts are these: A bill was pending before the House'
of Representatives "to establish a territorial gov-
ernment over the whole country between-the Rocky
mountains and the Pacific ocean, to occupy it with
a military force, to erect a port of entry, and to-
grant donations of lands to emigrants.1' I quote
Mr. Polk's own language. In discussing the provi-
sions of this bill, he said: ' ' '
'•The thir'd article of the convention of the $0th of October,
1819, contains this agreement between the two countries,
(the United States and Great Britain) 'It is urged that any
country that may be claimed by either party on the north-
west coast of America, westward of the Stony mountains,
shall, together with its harbors, bays, and creeks, and the
navigation of all rivers within the same, be free and open
for the term of ten years, from the date of the signature of
the present convention, to the vessels, citizens, and subjects
of the two powers.' The question is not now. whether it
was wise to make this treaty; but, having made it, what is
its spirit and meaning?
"The convention of August 6th, 1827; extends and con
tinues in force, for an indefinite period of time, after the'
28th of October, 1S18, the provisions of the third article of
the convention of 1818; but contains this additional article:
'it shall be competent, however, for either of the contract-
ing parties, in case either should think fit, at any time after
the 20th.of October, 1828, on giving due notice of twelve
months to the other contracting party, to annul and abrogate
this convention: and it shall, in such case, be entirely an-
nulled and abrogated, after the expiration of the said term
of notice.' •'
He continues:
"These are the stipulations of the existing tiuaties be-
tween this go\ ernment and that oi Great _£ritain. Whilst
they continue in force, they are declared by the constitution
to be the supreme Jaw of the land. Now, we have not
given the notice of the twelve months to annul or abrogate
them, and' until we do. or receive such notice from them,
they are in full force, and are obligatory upon us/'
Again, he says:
"If it shall at any time be deemed expedient by the Amer-
ican Congress to pass this bill, or one of its import, the
course is a plain one First give the twelve months
notice, that these tieaties are annulled and abrogated, and
then adopt the'measure. Ps'o national treaty would then be
violated, because none would exist. The national power
is pledged not to violate the national engagements. In the
mean time, he would not permit Great Britain, ©r any power
on earth, to take exclusive possession of any portion of the
country. No foreign power should be permitted to col-
onize there, fie would protect the rights of American cit-
izens there "
Again, he says:
'•He would, however, avail himself of the occasion to
say that, after a careful examination of the claims of the two
governments, as advanced and relied on by their respective
ministers, he entertained no tort of doubt but that the United
States possessed the better title."  *****-*•<
"The United States rest their title on several grounds: 1st,
the purchase of Louisiana from France, in 1803; 2d, the ces-
sion from Spam by the Florida treaty; 3d, the fact that an
American citizen, (reptom Gray, of Boston,) m an Ameri-
can merchant vessel, in 1792, first discovered and entered
the immense river called "by the natives the Oregon, and
gave to it the national name of Columbia river; 4th, the ex-
ploration of Lewis and Clarke, m the years 1S24,-V>,  nrt "fi,
under the authority of the government of the Uns'ted States,
of the Columbia river from its sources in the Bocky moun-
tains to the Pacific Ocean, and the establishing of trading
posts by an American citizen, in 1811, on the Columbia riv-
er, in the region of tide water."
What now do we learn from these copious ex-
tracts? 1st, that Mr. Polk thought it would be a
violation of the constitution to pass the bill then pend-
ing before the House, in the then existing circum-
stances; 2d, that he considered our title to the terri-
tory in dispute between the two governments valid;
3d, that he would not permit Great Britain, or any
other power on earth, to occupy it to our exclusion,
nor to colonize it; 4th, that he would, at all hazards,
protect our citizens there; and, lastly, after rescind-
ing" the treaty for the joint occupation of the country,
he would be willing to take measures to assert
the right of the United States to its exclusive occu-
pancy. His opinions, therefore, cover the whole
question at issue, and leave no room for doubt as
to his uniform consistency and soundness in regard
to it. How, then, can it be said that he was ever
opposed to the occupation of Oregon? It cannot be
otherwise than in an ignorance or disregard of the
truth of the case. But this is not all: we have
further and additional proof of what are his senti-
ments on this subject. In his letter, in answer to a
call made by a meeting of the citizens of Cincinna-
ti, for his opinions , on the question of the annexa-
tion of the republic of Texas to the United States,
dated April 23, 1844, he holds this emphatic lan-
guage:
"Let Texas be reannexed, and the authoiity and laws of
the United States be established and maintained within her
limits,- as falso in the Oregon Territoi^y; .and let the fixed
policy of our government be, not to permit Great Britain,
or any other foreign power, to plant a colony, or hold do-
minion, over any portion of the people or territory of
either." " v
These are the sentiments of Governor Polk on
the Oregon question; and they are the sentiments of
the American"people. The charge, therefore, here,
for the first time, hatched against him, is base
coin. . It bears upon its face the impress of un-
truth; and will be repudiated by an honest and intel-
ligent people.
But how stands the case with the great political
idol of my colleague—Mr. Clay? - . "
Is he sound? .is he American in his sentiments on
the subject5 or-does he hold to the British side of
the question, and consort with alien enemies? Again
I will let facts speak for themselves, for I go on
facts. By recujring to the history of Mr. Clay's
connection with the Oregon question, it will be seen
that he is for dismembering that rich and valuable
territory to satisfy the arrogant and insolent preten-
sions of Great Britain. In his correspondence as
Secretary of State with Mr. Gallatin, minister of the
United States at the court of St. James, under date
of June 19, 1826, after alluding to the claim set up
by Great Britain to the northwest territory, he says:
"Nor is it conceived that Great Britain has, or can make
out, even a colorable title to any portion of the northwest
coast."
Again, he says, in his instructions to Mr. Galla-
tin:
"Fou are authorized to propose the annulment of the
third article of the convention of 1818, and the extension of
the line on the parallel of forty-nine degrees, from th'e east-
ern side of the Bocky mountains, where it now terminates,
to the Pacific ocean, as the permanent boundary between
the territories of the two powers i;i that quaiter. This is
our i'!tiinatu*i. and > ou may <so announce it We can con-
sent to no other line more favorable to Great Britain " '
Here it is seen Mr. Clay considers our title to
Oregon valid; that Great Britain has not "even a
colorable title to any portion of it;" yet, in the same
connection, it is seen he is willing to surrender the
territory from 54° 40' to 49° to Great Britain. How
can this inconsistency be reconciled' It cannot be.
It can only be regarded as an offer to sacrifice both
land and national honor as the price of British
peace. Independent of the disparagement of
national character, the . effect of his proposition
would be to despoil the United States of on
extent of country equal to or more than 150,000
square miles, including two-thirds of the greatisland
of Vancouver, with its fine harbor and stately and
valuable timber. In fact, an amount of territory that
would make two or three States as large as Missou-
ri or Illinois. It would also surrender to the juris-
diction of a foreign government—a monarchy—all
of the citizens of the United States now inhabiting
the country between 49° and 54° 40' north latitude,
which would include thousands, perhaps, of our most
hardy and enterprising citizens. Are the people of
this country prepared to buy peace on such terms?
Are they prepared to surrender tfeeir lands and then-
citizens, whom they are bound to protect, to British
dominion for the sake of peace? It would be a reflec-
tion upon their patriotism to say so; yet such is the
policy of the whig candidate for the presidency.
At a later day, during the present session of Con-
gress, we find a whig Senate taking ground against
the rescission of the treaty of 1827, authorizing the
joint occupation of the territory—a measure advo-
cated by Mr. Polk fourteen years ago, showing
thereby that they occupy, as a party, the same
position now they did in 1827. I refer to the vote
of the whig members of the. Senate on the resolu-
tion of Mr. Semple, of Illinois, on that subject, m
these words:
"Jtesoh-ed, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to give notice to the British Government that it is
the desire of the government of the United States to annul
and abrogate the provisions of the third article of the con-
vention concluded between the government of the United
States of America and his Britannic Majesty the King of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on the -20th of
October, IMS, and indefinitely continued by the convention
between the same parties signed at i.undon. the Gth of Au-
gust, 1837."
A vote upon this resolution was taken, and re-
sulted as follows:
YRAS- Messrs. Allen. Atchison, Atherton, Bagby, Ben-
ton, Breese, Buehanaij, Colquitt, Fairfield, Fulton, Hanne-
gan, King, Semple, Sevier, Sturgeon, Walker, Woodbury,
and Wnght—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Foster, Htty-
tvtwd, Huf>tr, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, McDuffie,
Mangnm, Merrick. Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Rives. Sim-
mons, Tallmadge, Upliam, White, and Woodbridge—28.
The resolution was rejected—every democratic
senator voting for'it, except threej arid every wHig
senator voting against it. . - , - . • -
No, other conclusion, therefore, can be drawn
from the facts stated, but that the whig- party are-
now where they were in 1827; that they are against'
the exclusion of British authority fromtheterritory,
and the assertion of our national rights in regar-dto
it by any legislative enactment. 'This is their posi-
tion. That of the democratic party is exactly the
reverse: they would enforce them in every prqper
way.
In this connection, the question ofihe ^annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States has- been intro-
duced. My colleague [Mr. Hardin] • in particular
has made it the subject of lengthy discussion and an-
imadversion; and-, as I differ "from him in the views
he has presented, I feel myself called on to say
something in reply.
He has denounced it as a political humbug; as
an electioneering hobby; and seems to regard the
ratification of the treaty, now before the Senate, de-
signed for that object, as one of the greatest national
calamities. I do not- I consider it a great ques-
tion, vital to the welfare of this country and its re-
publican institutions; and such I believe I shall be
able to show it. Going back to the early history of
Texas with a view to make myself intelligible, it is
to be observed that originally it was a province of
France.
In 1683, La Salle, a Frenchman, discovered the
Mississippi, and navigated it from Canada to its
mouth; by virtue of which discovery, and the taking
possession of the country washed by the river^and
its tributaries, extending westwardly to the Rio Del
Noite, in the name of his sovereign, France derived
her title. In 1803, it was alienated by France, as a
part of Louisiana, to the United States.
This was under the administration of Mr. Jeffer-
son, and was considered one of the most brilliant
achievements of his administration. One of the
stipulations of the treaty by which the United States
acquired Louisiana guarantied to the inhabitants of
that territory all the rights and privileges enjoyed in
common by the United States. It was in these
words: J
"The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incorpo-
rated into the Union of the United States, and admitted as
soon as possible, accordidg to the principles of the federal
constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages,
and immunities of citizens of-the United States; and in the
moan time they shall be protected in the free enjojment of,
their liberty, property, and the religion which they profess.'.
Subsequently, by the treaty of 11319 with Spain,
known as the Florida treaty, notwitstanding this
solemn stipulation for the incorporation of Texas as
a part of Louisiana, and its inhabitants into the
Union on the same footing of the other States of
the Union, the United States alienated it to Spain.
At the time this was done, considerable dissatisfac-
tion prevailed throughout the "country. Many of
our most distinguished public men expressed their
disapprobation of the act. Mr. Clay , notwithstand-
ing his present inconsistent position, expressed
himself openly against it. In fact, he took the
strongest and most ultra ground on the subject. He
denied the authority of the executive to alienate by
treaty any portion of the national territory; and sub-
mitted the following resolutions to that effect in the
House of Representatives, which he advocated with
great zeal and eloquence:
"Resolved, That the constitution of the United States
vests in Congress the power to dispose of the territory be-
longing to them; and that no treaty, purporting to alienate
any portion thereof, k valid without the concurrence of
Congress.
' Resolved, That the equivalent proposed to be given by
Spain to the United States, in the treaty concluded between
them on the 2-2A day of February, 1819, for that part of Lou-
isiana lying west of the Sabine, was inadequate—and that it
would be inexpedient to make a tiansfcr thereof to any
foreign power, or to renew the aforesaid treaty."''
Texas, however, was lost to us; and as, by the
loss of it, the country was fully awakened to its im-
portance, it now become a favorite object with
the several succeeding administrations to regain it;
and accordingly, in 1895, a negotiation was opened
by Mr. Adams with Mexico for its repurchase, and
afterwards, in 1829, by General Jackson. Mr.
Adams was willing to give a million, General Jack-
son five millions, of money to regain it. Mexico,
however, refused to alienate it, and it continued in
her possession until the revolt of Texas in 1835,
and the subsequent battle of San Jacinto, by which
the people of Texas established their complete and
perfect independence of Mexican authority. This
battle was fought in April, 1836, and forms aprom-
inent event in the history of Texas. TheTexian
