CONGRESSIONAL GliOB®.
mr
the passage of the bill; which was seconded by the
House, and the main question ordered.
Mr. McCONNELL demanded the yeas and uays;
which were ordered.
Mr. G. W. JONES inquired if the bill had been
engrossed; .and being answered m the affirmative,
called for the reading of it. It was read according-
l7-
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
96, nays 80, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnard,
Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Buftington, Jeremiah E. Cary,
Shepherd Cary, Carroll, Causm, Chilton, Clinch, Clinton,
Collamer, Cranston, Dana, Dariah, Ganett Davis, Richard
D. Davis, Dellet, Dickey, Duncan, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer,
Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddmgs, B>ram Green, Grlnneil,
Grider, Hardin, Harper, Hays, Hubbell, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph II. Ingersoll,
Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston
King, Daniel?. King, Lyon, McClelland, Mcllvaine, Marsh,
Mathews, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Patterson, Pejton,
Phoenix, Pollock, Ellsha R Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt,
Preston, Purdy, Kamsey, Charles M.Eeed, Robinson, Rock-
well, Rogers, Russell, St. John, Sample,Schenck, Senter,
Severance, David L. Seymour, Albert Smith, John T.
Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stew-
art, Strong, Summers, Sykes, Thomasson, Tibbatts, Tilden,
Tjler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wentworth, Wethered,
White Winthrop, and William Wright—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barringer, Bayley, Belser,
denton, Edward J. Black. James Black, James A. Black,
Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Brengle, Burke, Burt, Caldwell,
Reuben Chapman, Chappell, Clingman, Cobb, Coles, Cross,
Cullom, Daniel, John W. Davis, Deberry, Dickinson,
Dillingham, Dromgoole, Fickhn, French, Goggm, Willis
Green, Hamlin, Hammet, Haralson, Herrick, Hoge,
Houston, Hubard, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Andrew Kennedy, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lucas, Lump-
kin, McCausleii, Maclay, McClernand, McConnell, Mc-
Dowell, McKay, Joseph Morris, Newton, Norris, Owen,
Parmenter, Pavne, Rathbun, D. S Reid, Reding, Ritter, llob-
eits, Saunders, Thomas H. Sejmour, Simons, Simpson,
Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone,
Taylor, Tucker, Weller, Williams, Woodward, and Joseph
A. Wright—80.
Mr. CARROLL moved a reconsideration of the
vote just taken.
Mr. WELLER moved that the House adjourn:
rejected.
The question was then put on Mr. Carroll's
motion to reconsider; and it was rejected.
Mr. DUNCAK gave notice that he would, on
Monday, call up the Oregon bill, and would con-
tinue to call it up every day till acted on.
Mr. WELLER and Mr. HOUSTON moved that
the House adjourn.
Mr. HOLMES moved to amend the motion by
making the adjournment over to Monday next.
Mr/WELLER withdrew his motion.
Mr. HOUSTON said that he made the motion to
adjourn, and did not withdraw it.
Mr. ELMER called for the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
The question was then put on the adjournment,
and the motion was rejected.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House adjourn to
meet again on Monday next.
Mr. ELMER called for the yeas and nays, which
being ordered, the question wan put, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 73, nays 76.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. HERRICK: The petition of Daniel NVon.jr . and
64 othersv citizens of Kenncbunk and Kennebunkpurt, in
the State of Maine, for the annexation of Texas to the
United States without delay.
By Mr. W. HUNT: The remonstrance of 80 citizens of
Niagara county. New York, against the repeal of the tariff
act of 184-2.
By Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin: The petition of J. andL.
Wan1, ofMilwaukie, Temtoiy of Wisconsin, to Congress,
<i«kin<* compensation lor the subsistence of certain Potto-
wa:tornee Indians, under 8 contract made by Lieutenant
Sprague ol the J mted States ^rmy in j SSr>: refer led to the
Committee of Indnn .Afbirs.
Petition of John \. Sir-'b, ol Dn5e county, Territory of
Wisconsin, asking Congress to moke him compensation
for services rendered the"said territory, as librarian and su-
perintendent oi U'iritoiril nropeity, amounting to $4^:
referred to the Committee oft loimo
By Mr HA>S: 1 h 'petition of Fenjatrmi Perham, a ""!•
dicrof the late w ar, proving < ongreM to "rant him h:s
bounty land, arid pay for his services, w Inch he avers lie ha<
never received; reteircd to the Committee on Claims.
IN SENATE.
FaiDAf, May 17, 1844.
Mr JARNAGIN presented a memosial, signed by 80 citi-
zens of Springfield, Illinois, remonstrating against the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States, on the ground that
such a step would be disastrous to the interests of the States,
and be conducive to a dissolution of the Union: ordered to
on the table
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution for the relief of
Seth M. Leavenworth, by authorizing indemnity for a trans-
fer of his contract for carrying the United States mail;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr. TAPPAN, on leave, introduced ajoint resolution to
suspend the joint resolution providing for the printing of
additional copies of the journals and public documents un-
til the commencement of the next session of Congress;
which was read twice, and referred to the Joint Committee
on the Library.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the resolution reported by
the Committee on Printing in favor of printing eight dia-
grams of surveys of the falls of the Ohio, connected with
certain contemplated improvements around the falls on the
Indinno side of the river, was taken tip for consideration,
and being so amended by Messrs. WHITE and HENDER-
SON 9s to include twelve other diagrams of surveys of the
bed ofthe river Ohio at the falls, was finally adopted.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial signed by citizens of
the county oi Chesterfield, Virginia, in favor of the immedi-
ate annexation of Texas to the United States; and another
memorial from citizens of Prince George county, Virginia,
of the same import; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BAGBY presented lesolutions adopted at a public
meeting of citizens of Lawrence county. Alabama, in favor
of the immediate annexation of Texas to the United States:
ordered to lie on the table.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
On motion of Mr EVANS, the Senate took up for consid-
eration the resolution for the adjournment of Congress sine
die This resolution, as passed by the Senate, fixed the 27th
of May for the day of adjournment. The House struck out
that, and inserted the 17th June.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the amendment of the
House, by substituting the 4th day of June.
Mr. E. remarked that he did not intend to say anything
upon this matter. It was a subject upon which every sena-
tor could judge. He proposed, therefore, to have the vote
taken upon the proposition which he had made.
Mr. MOREHEAD did not see the necessity of acting up-
on the subject now, or ol committing themselves to the day
of adjournment, in the situation in which they now were.
It could be done at any time: and it seemed to him that it
could have no effect upon the legislation of this House,
whether the resolution be adopted now or not. He rose for
the purpose of submitting a motion, supposing there would
be no debate, with a view of testing the sen<=e of the Senate
upon the propriety of adopting the lesolution at this time.
He moved that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. EVANS called for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
The ouestion was then taken, and resulted—yeas 21, nays
20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bagbv, Benton, Berrien, Breeze,
Clayton, Colquitt, Crittenden. Haywood. Jarnagin Lewis,
Mangum, Morehead, Phelps. Porter, Sevier. Simmons, Stur-
geon. Tdppan. Woodbridge, and Woodburv—21
NAYS—Messrs Atchison, Atherton 'Barrow. Bate*?, Bay-
ard, Buchanan, Choate, Evans. Fairfield Francis, H.mne-
gan. Henderson, Uusrer. Huntington, Miller, Nilcs, Pearce,
Rives, White, and Wright—20.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
The bill from the House making appropriations forcer-
tain eastern harbors, was read twice, and relejred to the
Committee on Commerce, and
The bill from the Hou^e fixing the day for the election of
electors of President and Vice President was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Several adverse reports ol the standing committees, on
private claims, were taken up and concurred in.
The joint resolution respecting the ieceipts issued by the
Treasure* ofthe United States, m pajmeut of public lands,
was read the thml time and passed.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the previous orders of the
day were postp'oned, ami the Senate took up for considera-
tion, as m committee of the whole, the bill for the relief of
(that is. by aHow ing them to remove ceuain negroes into
the United States from Texas.) certain peisons rending with-
in the leputed limits of the United States, o! Aikari'-as and
Louisiana, and hevond the boundary line heHve«-n the Uni-
ted States and the* n public ©f Texas* as established by the
commissioners appointed to ascertain the same.
Mr S rcmfirk^d that it was The sjn'e as th<H bill last year
for the relief of United Stales ciders, heretofore living
within the repi'ted boundary lme of the United States m
Louisiana and Arkansas; but thrown into the terntoiy of
Texas by the line fixed upon by the commissionets.
Mr SIMMONS inquired if the persons w ere named in the
bill He thought it would be prudent to have such specifi-
cation.
Mr BERRIEN said they weie not named: but the bill
provided against any abu^-e of its objects and intent, by
requiring the claimants to its benefit0, to go before the dis-
trict iudge and give him satisfdctoiy eiinenee of their being
entitled.
Mr SIMMONS remarked that hi1? inquin arose from
observing that v, he" the bill was introduced, it was stated
to be for the bene fit of ind: v nitidis special lun'td
Mr. I'ERRIEN observed that the committee thought a |
gentral bill, propein guarded, to confine its opei ntiou to
cXtnal sufierers, would be better than a ^pecral bill And
although'it this teflon onh a suyle memorial had been
presented on the subject, the committee thought it mere ex-
pedient to ienew the gene:al bill of w^t year, tnan to act
upon a.i isolated cn^e
Mi. &EVILP kaid there could be no objection to the b,]l3
U was one which had passed the Senate ^eiore, and was
just and proper in principle.
1 he bill was ordered to be engrossed for a thml reading.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the Senate bill for the relief
of Pierre Menard. Josiah T. Betts, Jacob Feaman. and Ed-
mund Roberts, of the State of Illinois, securities for Felix
St. Vrain, late Indian agent, deceased, was taken up, con-
sidered, and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
0« motion by Mr, EVANS, the Senate bill relating to *
port of entry forthe district of Passamaquoddy, in the State
of Maine, was also taken up, considered, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the same disposition
was ir.ade of the Senate bill for certain repairs of the cus-
tom-house and post office buildings of Charleston, South
Carolina.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the Senate went info exec-
utive session; and after some hours spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 17, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. COBB asked permission to offer a resolution.
Mr. SAUNDERS rose to a privileged question. Some re-
marks which wer© made by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr White] yesterday, he considered to be such a direct
reflection upon the report made by the committee, that he
felt constrained to ask for an explanation.
The SPEAKER remarked that it was not a privileged
question.
Mr SAUNDERS said he would ask the indulgence of the
House, to enable him to ask the gentleman for an explana-
tion.
Mr. COBB said he believed he was entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER so decided.
Mr. COBB then asked permission to offer his resolution.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr COBB moved a suspension of the rules.
The resolution having been read, as follows:
Resolved, That the petition and papers of J. W. Nye, as-
signee of Peter Bargy, jr , and Hugh Stewart, now on file,
asking further remuneration for losses sustained in macad-
amizing a large portion of Pennsylvania avenue m 1832, bo
referred to a select committee of nine members, with in-
structions to examine all the papeis, both for and against
said claim; and that they report to the House by bill or oth-
erwise.
Mr. DEAN withdrew his objection; and the resolution
was agreed to.
Several gentlemen endeavored to obtain the floor. It was
awarded to
Mr. SIMONS, who rose, he said, to a privileged question,
as that was the most approved method of obtaining posses-
sion ofthe iloor. He had a resolution to offer; which, after
a lew words of explanation, was adopted. The resolution
is as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to assign the reason why the report of the commissioners
appointed by him, in pursuance of an act passed March 3,
1843, and which was promised to be furnished this House
early in the present session. ha« not been furnished; and
that lie be requested to furnish the same without further
delay.
Mr SIMONS also offered the following resolution, which
was adopted:
Jie6olved, That the Committee on Engraving recommend
that the requisite number of diagrams be procured to illus-
trate the report of the Committee on Naval .-s ffairs in rela-
tion to th« wi ought iron guns on board the steamship ol war
Princeton,
Mr DEAN moved to take up House bill 278
'1 he SPEAKER suggested that the proper motion would
be lor a suspension ol the rules that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the V\ hole.
At the request of w DkOMGOOLE.
Mr. DEAN yielded him the lioor for the purpose of pre-
senting ceitdin memorials.
^r. lmOMGOOLu pre<ented the proceedings oi a meet-
ing of citizens of Prince George county, m the itate of "Vir-
ginia, and also the proceedings of a meeting of CiU?ens of
1 etersburg, m the State of Vngima, in lavor of the imme-
diate annexation of Texas to this I mon; which were sev-
erallj laid upon the table, and ordeied to be printed
Mr SEY.ViOLR next obtained the floor, and asked per-
mission to otter the following resolution:
Jiaohed, lhat the Committee cf the Whole Houre bo
discharged fiom the consideration of House bill > o 7, pro-
viding ior the extension oi the provisions of the law grant-
ing pensions to certain widows of revolutionary colcucrs,
£nd that said bill be referred to the Committee ol the "Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. 1>LAN objected.
Mr SEYMOUR moved a suspension of the rules.
Tellers were demanded and appointed, who reported 103
votes m the affirmative, considered to be two-thirds, and the
rules were suspended
1 he resolution was th*n adopted.
A message was received from the Senate, bj Mr. Dicrins,
their secretarv, announcing that the Senate had passed
House bill No* 36, entitled an act for the relief of the wid-
ows and orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines of
the United States schooner Grampus, with amendment*,,
and had tended the title by ad,ting thereto the w ords "and
fo: other purposes.''
That the Senate had passed bills and resolutions of tnc
follow big titles:
\r, act 'or the relief of Hemy Garcner and others, di-
rectors of an association called the New England Mississij*
pi Land Company
An oct to authorize the pa^ ment of equitable commis-
sions to the agents or atiornejs of persons m w hose iavor
a.vards have been made under the seveial tieaties between
e-e United States 'ind cf nam foreign pow ers. w hich aw ards
have been retained m the treasury in payment of debts due
to the United States.
An act relating to bond.-* to be given by custom-house of-
C\n act for the rehef of Gideon Batchelc'er and others.
An act for the relief of Joseph Bryan, Harrison ioung,
and Benjamin \ oung.
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to reorganize the
General Land Office."
An act granting a pension to George Whittier.
An act for the relief of Reynall Costes, William R, John-
sen. and William B. MeMurtrio.
