608
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
An act for the relief of Peter Von Schmidt.
A resolution to authorize the transmission and presenta-
tion of books to the minister of justice of France, in ex-
change for books received from him.
A resolution authorizing an allowance to Purser D. M. F
Thornton in the' settlement of his accounts.
Mr. DEAN, having again obtained the floor, moved a sus-
pension^ the rules, in order to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, lor the purpose of taking
up the bill he had reference to, viz: the bill for regulating
the pay of the officers of the navy.
Mr. VANCE rose and remarked that they had not had a.
day for the consideration of the business upon the private
calendar for many weeks.
The SPEAKER remarked that the subject was not de-
batable.
Mr. VANCE then called for the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion.
Mr BRINKERHOFF said he believed it was not distinct-
ly understood what the bill was.
The SPEAKER remarked that the subject was not deba-
table.
Mr. J.A.WRIGHT inquired whether it would not be
competent for the committee to take up any other bill.
The SPEAKER replied that the committee could take up
any bill they chose.
Mr. VANCE withdrew his call for the yeas and nays; and
the question being put, was negatived.
Mr. ADAMS said he hoped the orders of the day would
be proceeded with.
Mr. R SMITII asked permission to introduce the follow-
ing joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, directed to appoint
a cadet to the Military Academy at West Point from the first
congressional district in the State of Illinois, who shall be
be placed upon an equal footing, in all respects, with the ca-
dets appointed for the year 1844.
Mr. VANCE objected.
On motion by Mr. VANCE, the House resolved itself into
a committee of the Whole—Mr. Cw. Johnson in the chair
—and considered the following private bills:
The bill for the relief of Seth Sweetzer: laid on the table
to be reported.
The bill to provide for the payment of the passage of
General Lafajette from Fiance to the United Sta'es, in 1824.
Mr. SEYMOUR opposed the bill.
Mr CATL1N spoke in favor of it.
Mr. BIDLACK opposed the bill; and in the course of his
remarks, yielded the floor to Mr. Giddinws, to make some
explanations in favor of the claim, and Mr. Rfding in op-
position
Mr. PARMENTER spoke in opposition to the ball, and
was followed in some remarks by Messrs GIDDINGS,
SEYMOUR of New York, STETSON, and VANCE
The question being put on the adoption of the bill, tellers
were demanded; and Messrs. Guinnrll. and Hale were ap-
pointed, who, having counted the votes, reported 62 in the
affirmative, and 4o in the negative
No quoium voting, Mr VVELLER moved that the com-
mittee rise, and report that fact to the House.
Mr. CATLIN said he was willing tint tins bill should be
laid aside for the present.
Mr HALE reiterated the motion made by Mi, Wklli.e,
that the committee rise, and report that there was no quo-
rum.
The committee accordingly rose, and reported that they
had found themselves without a quorum.
Mr. HALE moved a call of the House: refused.
Mr SL1DELL moved that the House again resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SUMMERS also made the same motion
The SPEAKER (Mr Wlller occupying the chair tem-
poi&rily) said that no motion could be entertained, there
being no quorum present, except a motion for a call of the
House, or a motiou to adjourn.
Mr COBB moved that the House adjourn.
Mi. BIDLACK asked for tellers on that motion.
The >eas and nays were demanded, and ordered.
Mr WKLLER (the Speaker having resumed the clian)
asked the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] to withdiaw
his motion for adjournment, to en.ilil; him to move that
when the House adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday
ne\t.
Mr. COBB acquiesced, and
Mr. WELLFJ? then made that motion; and the j and
nays weie demanded and ordered, and being taken, were—
73 ) e.is, and Tl nays
So the motion was adopted.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, weie handed to
the reporters by the membeis piesentmg them:
By Mr. PHCENIX: The memorial of John Erickson, of the
city of New York, civil engineer, praying for compensation
of his services as engineer, in planning and superintending
the construction of the steam machinery and propeller of
the United States steamer Princeton, and for other services
therein specified.
By Mr LUMPKIN: The memorial of Joseph Thompson,
ol Decatur. DeKalb counU. Georgia, praying the appropria-
tion of money to pay him for exti.i service in carrying the
mail from Madison to Marietta, m Georgia: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 18, 1844.
_ On motion of Mr. WHITE, it was ordered that the peti-
tion of Nancy Mounts be taken from the files, and with a
petition from Thomas Mounts he then presented, heir of
Col. William Crawford, praying compensation for the ser-
vices of that officer during the revolutionary war, be refer-
red to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from a large num-
ber of citizens of Chambersburg. Franklin county, Pennsyl-
vania, in favor of the reannexation of Texas to the United
htates; ordered to lje on the table.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, to
which was referred the communication of the Secre.teiy of
War upon the subject, reported a joint resolution for the
continuation of two clerks in the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing; which was read, and ordered to a second reading;
and,
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the previous orders of the day
were postponed, and the above resolution was considered
as in committee of the whole, reported to the Senate, and
finally passed. -
On motion of Mr. BAYARD,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct-
ed to communicate to the Senate the result of an experiment
made at the Christiana light-house, for the purpose of ascer-
taining the expediency of using gas instead of oil m the
light-rrouse establishment; showing the relative cost of the
same, and the opinion of the department upon the same.
NAVAL PENSIONS.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the previous orders of the
day were postponed, and the Senate took up for considera-
tion, as in committee of the whole, the bill to consolidate
and amend the acts m relation to the pensions of the widows
and orphans of certain naval officers.
Mr. BAYARD moved to amend the bill by striking out,
in the 10th line of the 1st section, the word "was,'' and insert
"would have been," so as to make it read "would have been
entitled at the time of his death," instead of "was," &c. He
moved the same amendment in the 11th line; and after the
word "death," to insert "according to the pay of the navy
existing on the 1st of January, 1835."
Mr. JARNAGIN inquired of the honorable chairman
[Mr. Bayard] what class of cases, provided for in former
pension laws, were not provided for in this. He made the
inquiry, because he had received several communications
lately on the subject.
Mr. BAYARD stated that it was the object of this bill to
correct a class of abuses embraced in former laws, such b.s
officers or seamen dying of disease contracted in the naval
service. This had been found to produce a great deal of
difficulty and uncertainty. It was true, there were some
cases of the disease being contracted in the service; but
there were a great many other cases m which the disease
was previously lurking in the system, and developed only
in the service. After due consideration, it was thought
better that this class of cases should be stricken out alto-
gether, as introducing great room for abuse. A circum-
stance of this kind came to his knowledge not long since.
An individual, who was a carpenterm his ordinary capacity,
was too feeble to conduct his business on shore; and, in
order to re-establish his health, he obtained an appointment
as carpenter on board of one of our vessels of-war. After
making his voyage, this individual's disease became exas-
cerated, instead of being relieved, and he died m conse-
quence. His widow was now actually receiving a pension
under the provision ol the law which provides a pension in
ease of disease contracted in the service. It w ould be seen
at once how open this clause was to abuse. To correct
that class of abuses, the committee omitted them, after be-
stowing due consideration upon the subject.
Mr JARNAGIN observed that his inquiry was occasioned
by the phraseology of the sixth line of the second section—
"should be killed, or die of a wound received while m the
line of his duty, or by diownmg, or otherwise, oi ofinjunes
received while m the line of his duty " &.c He was persua-
ded that there were still some very hard cases to be covered,
where men, after a long voyage of three or four years, died
on shore m consequence of disease contracted in the ser-
vice. He was not able to sec why the widows of such un-
fortunate individuals should not be provided for, as well as
those of seamen and ofiiceis who died on board the vessels.
Ho would therefore move to amend the bill, by inserting af-
ter the words •'diowning, or otherwise or of injuries re-
ceived," m the 6th line, the words, "or of disease contracted
while m the servicc of the United States."
Mr. HENDERSON remarked that, believing, as he did,
that although the bill wa~ a coirection of some abuses, it
still permitted an extension of the pension system, without
the additional amendment now proposed He was opposed
to pensions generally. The whole system was a tax upon
all classes of the people—poor as well as rich He hoped
that its extension beyond what proposed in the bill would
not be sustained by the Senate.
The question was then taken, and the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BENTON observed that this was a bill of great mo-
ment, being one to consolidate the pension system.
Mr. B A YARD said there were but two laws that it effected:
the act of 1813, and the act of 1834. One provided for that
class of cases where the death occurred by reason of a
wound—the other for disease contracted and injuries re-
ceived in the service. The latter class—"for disease con-
tracted in the service"—was left out in this bill.
Mr. BENTON thought there was some anonudv in the
pension system With a view to look more deeply into the
matter, he would be glad to have the bill postponed until
Tuesday next He had now an important subicct upon
which his mind was engaged, and he could not devote his
attention to this matter It was sufficiently important,
when an alteration of a single word in a pension act. here-
tofore passed, made a difference of several millions-—some
four or five millions having been withdrawn fiom the trea-
sury m consequence.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested to the chairman that a slight
alteration was necessary in the 11th line of the 2d section
He moved to strike out the last five words, as tliej made it
inconsistent.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill was then re-
ported to the Senate
Mr TAPPAN moved that it be laid on the table for the
present.
Mr. BAYARD preferred having it postponed, and on
motion of Mr. TAPPAN, it was postponed until Tuesday
next J
On motion by Mr BATES, the previous orders of the day
were postponed, with the view of taking up several pension
bills from the House
The following bills from the House were then taken up,
considered as in committee of the whole, and finally passed'
viz: r '
The bill for the relief of Isaac Justice of Tennessee;
The bill for the relief of Sarah Blackmore; and
The bill granting a pension to Bartholomew Maguire.
The following House bills were taken up as in committee
of the whole, amended at the suggestion of the Committee
on Pensions, reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, as amended, viz:
The bill for the relief of William Glover; and
The bill for the relief of Abigail Gibson.
The following bills from the Hou e were taken up as in
committee of the whole, on adverse reports of the Commit-
tee of Pensions, and indefinitely postponed, viz:
The bill for the relief of John P. Schuyler;
The bill for the rcdief of John Farnham;
The bill for the relief of Simeon Caswell;
The bill for the relief of Henry Freeman; and
The bill granting a pension to Richard Elliott.
The hour of 1 o'clock having arrived—
The Senate, on motion of Mr BENTON, proceeded to the
consideration of executive business, and, after some time
spent therein,
Adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 20, 1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate a com-
munication from Samuel Colt, asking Congress to give him
some consideration for his invention of a submarine battery,
and for the time employed and expenses incurred in testing
the practicability of the same: referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from sundry
citizens of Fredericksburg and vicinity, in Wayne county,
Ohio, remonstrating against the annexation of Texas to the
United States: referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mi. WRIGHT presented a memorial from a number of in-
habitants of the county of Ontario, N. Y., remonstrating
against the annexation of Texas to the United States: re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. McDUFFIE presented a petition from the heirs of
Robert M. Handy, praying to be paid for certain losses pro-
vided for by the treaty for the purchase of Florida: referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Also presented the proceedings and resolutions of a meet-
ing held in Darlington district, S. C , in favor of the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States: referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Also presented a memorial from the South Carolina Rail-
road Company, praying the re-enactment of the law remit-
ting the duty on railroad iron. Ordered to lie on the table,
a bill having been reported for the purpose.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions, reported a
joint resolution explanatory of the act for the relief ofMa-
ly Williams, the widow of Jacob Williams, deceased: which
was read twice, considered as in committee of the whole,
reported to the Senate, and finally passed.
On motion by Mr JARNAGIN, the Committee on Pen-
sions was discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of Sabra Shepherd for the renew al of a pension.
Mr JARNAGIN, lrrom the Committee on Pensions, to
which was recommitted the bill from the House for the re-
lief of Joseph Watson, made an adverse report thcron.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial of JohnShav,,
setting forth that he was the inventor of the percussion cap
locks used by ihc go-\ ernment for cannon and small arms,
and praj ing Congress to giant him some compensation
therefor, he not having been paid for the invention: re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, presented a memorial fiom a laige number of citi-
zens of the United States, residing in Pennsylvania, strong-
ly urging the immediate annexation of Texas to the United
States: ordered to he on the table
On motion by Mi ATHERTON, the Committee on Pen-
sions was discharged from the farther con?ideiation of the
House bill for the relief of Hugh Wallace Wormly, the
petition of William Brown for a pension o*id the documents
of James Duffy for a pension, and they were icfenud to the
Committee on Naval Allans.
Also, from the same committee, reported back, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that they do pass,
the bills from the Route for the benefit of Simon Dennsion
and Lathrop Foster.
Mi. SEVIER. from the Committee on Pensions, reported
back, without a'nendment.and with a recommendation that
it pass, the bill from the Kou^e for the relief of Violet (. al-
houn, the widow of John Calhoun Subsequently, on the
motion of Mr S , the above bill was considered as in com-
mittee of the whole, and finally passed.
Mr. S , from the same committee, made an adverse repoit
upon, and recommended that it be indefinitely postponed,
the bill from the House for the relief of Dr John Rose.
Mr WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with certain amendments, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, the bill from the House to
amend the act to piovide for the armed occupation and set-
tlement of the unsettled p«jrt of the peninsula of Florida
The joint resolution and bills, heretofore ordered to be
engrossed, were read the third time, and passed, as follows:
Joint resolution fiom the House to continue two clerks in
the War Department, on the business of reservations and
grants under Indian treaties.
The Senate bill making appropriation for the repair of the
custom-house and po«t office building at Charleston, South
Carolina, and providing furniture and book cases for the
same.
The Senate bill for the lelief of Pierre Menard. Jo«?iah T.
Betts, Jacob Feaman, and Edmund Roberts, of the State of
Illinois, sureties of Felix St. Vrain, late Indian agent, de-
ceased
The Senate bill relating to the port of entry in the district
of Passamaquoddv, in the State of Maine.
The Senate bill for the relief of (that is, by allowing them
to remove certain negroes into the United States from Texas)
certain persons residing within the reputed limits of the
United States, of Arkansas and Louisiana, and beyond the
boundary line between the United States and the republic
of Texas, as established by the commissioners appointed to
ascertain tfee same. ~ '
