622
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. McClernnnd.
June, 1844.
armjr, some five hundred men strong, overthrew a
Mexican force of double their numbers, killing one
half, and capturing the rest, together with the Mex-
ican chicf, Santa Anna. This brought the war to a
close; and since that time Texas has exercised and
enjoyed all the rights and prerogatives of a sove-
reign and independent State. Soon after this event,
Texas applied to the United States for incorporation
into the Union, upon the principles contained in the
stipulation of the treaty of 1805, before mentioned,
but without success. Again, a treaty is now before
the Senate for the same object. The same treaty
we hear denounced as a humbug and political hobby;
and the grave and important question now presents
itself, whether it shall be ratified or rejected. For
one, I am for its ratification.
I am for extending the shield of the American
Union over our kindred of Texas; they are bone of
our bone, and flesh of our flesh. They are of the
same glorious Anglo-Saxon race, whose high desti-
ny-is to civilize and christianize the world; who have
planted the tree of liberty in every clime, and invite
the oppressed and persecuted of every country to
repose under its umbrageous shelter. I would say
to them, Come into the Union; our arms are extend-
ed to receive you: give to us your loyalty, and
we will give you our protection.
The objections which are taken to the treaty I
conceive to be untenable. They are specious rath-
er than sound. Among the most prominent, is the
argument that the annexation would be to adopt
the war between Texas and Mexico—at the most, a
mere nominal and constructive war. JBut how
stands the matter? General Jackson, in his message
of December, 1836, considered the war at an end,
and recognised the legal ability of Texas to do eve-
rything pertaining to national sovereignty. He
says:
"The title of Texas to the territory she claim's i\ identified
with hei independence. She asks us to acknowledge that'htle
to the tenitory, with an avowed design to heat immediately of
its transfer to the United States.""
Again, Mr. Clay, as chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations in the Senate, on the 18th of
June, 1836, reported as follows:
"The recent signal and splendid victory in which that
portion ofthe Mexican army which was commanded by
General Santa Anna, the President of the Mexican govern-
ment, m person, was entirely overthrown, with unexam-
pled slaughter compared with the inconsiderable loss on the
other side, put to flight and captured, including among the
prisoners the President himself and his start', may be consid-
ered as decisive of the independence of Texas."
Again, on the 2d of March, 1337, the following
resolution was offered in the Senate, and was adopt-
ed by Congress:
"Resolved, That the State of Texas having established
and maintained an independent government, capable of per-
forming those duties, foreign and domestic, which appertain
to independent governments, and it appearing that there is
no longer any reasonable prospect ofthe prosecution of the
war by Mexico against said State, it is expedient and proper,
and in conformity with the law of nations and the practice
of this government in like cases, that the independent po-
litical existence of said State be acknowledged by the gov-
ernment of the United States "
From all of which, it appears there never was
any doubt in this country as to the fact of the ter-
mination of the war between Mexico and Texas,
and of her perfect ability to cede her territory to the
United States, since the battle of San Jacinto, until
now. But there is other authority in favor of this
position, based upon the laws of nations and the
recognition of the United States and Mexico both.
In 1821, Mexico—a Spanish province—revolted
against Spain; and the war commenced, was con-
tinued, either actively or constructively, until after
the battle of San Jacinto, and the establishment of
Texian independence in 1836; yet in 1825 and 1829,
during the most bloody scenes of the Mexican revo-
lution, efforts were made by Mr. Adams and Gen-
eral Jackson to reacquire Texas from Mexico.
Now, if the acquisition of Texas at either of those
periods would have been the adoption ofthe Mexi-
can war with Spain, then the United States would
have been involved in war; but the government, and
the country, and the civilized world, thought of no
such thing. The modem metaphysical refinements
upon the relations of war and peace were unknown;
or if they were known, they were repudiated. Why
now is it not legally competent for the United States to
reacquire Texas? There is no actual war between
Texas and Mexico, as there was between Mexico
and Spain in the ease referred to. There is no valid
reason against it—there can be none. Let us, there-
fore, reannex Texas without delay. Let us fulfil
cmr solemn treaty stipulation of 1803 for its incorpo-
H. of Reps.
ration with the Union, which was so wrongfully vi-
olated by the alienation of-Texas.
I have said, Mr. Chairman, that I consider this
and the occupation of Oregon as great national ques-
tions, vital to the country and its institutions. I re-
gard them both in the same light. They address
themselves to the honor and interest ofthe country.
The -possession of both is essential to the exclusion
of foreign influence from this continent and to the
extension of republican liberty over its broad limits.
The boundary of Texas, as defined by herself in
1836, commencing at the mouth of the Sabine, ex-
tends along the Gulf of Mexico, westwardly to the
nlouth of the Del Norte; thence up that stream
to its source; thence due north to the 42d
degree of north latitude; and thence along the south-
ern boundary of the United States to the place of
beginning. It includes an area of 240,000 square
miles. It exhibits the shape of an immense trian-
gle, whose base is the general course of the Rio del
Norte, and whose perpendicular would be a line
drawn from the mouth of that river to the northwest
ansle of Louisiana, extending from latitude 26° to
42°. Cotton and sugar are its great staples. It pro-
duces in great abundance many of the finest tropical
fruits: the olive, the grape, indigo, and cocoa. In a
commercial point of view it is of immense advan-
tage to us. It will furnish to the East and the West
a good market for their manufacturing and agricul-
tural products; and will supply them on reduced
terms with the great articles, cotton and sugar. In
a naval and military point of view it is still more im-
portant. It will give to us all the valuable harbors
on the Texas coast; fortify New Orleans and the
mouth of the Mississippi, and thereby secure the
growing commerce of the West against foreign ag-
gression.
It will surrender to the jurisdiction of the United
States the Nucces, St. Marc, and Guadaloiijse; the
Colorado, Brazos, Trinity, and Sabine—noble riv-
ers, stretching from the gulf far away into the inte-
rior. Also the Red and Arkansas rivers, which,
with their tributaries, obtrude far beyond our juris-
diction. Our only natural and safe boundary on
the south and southwest is the Rio del Norte. It is
thus described with that reference:
"This grand and solitarj river, without any important
tributaries to di\ule its honors south of the Ptiereo, with its
steril mountain barriers to the south and west, presents the
only strong natural boundaries between the United States
and Mexico."
Again:
''The liio del Norte, and the mountainous deperts which
skirt it, make bold and prominent territorial divisions."
"In connection with the mountainous desert, it forms the
first class of military obstacles."—(See Reports of Topo-
graphical Bureau in Itii'i and IBIS 19.
It approaches, according to the recent survey of
Lieutenant Fremont, within twenty miles of the
pass of the Rocky mountains, which secures the
entrance to Oregon, and thus becomes as important
in respect to Oregon as Texas in a military point of
view. In these general views, I am fully sustained
by the highest authority. General Jackson, writing
on the subject, in a letter dated the 13th of last
May, says:
"It may now be stated os a fact, on which u e may re)y
with the greatest confidence, th.it i( Texas be not speedily
admitted into ourconfoderacy. Oie must and will bt; inevita-
bly driven to Alliances and commercial regulations with
Kuropean powers, of a charactorhj<xhIv injurious and proba-
bly hostile to this countiy. What would then lie our con-
dition' iNew Orleans and the whole valley of the Mi^is*.
sippi would be endanger* d. The numerous tribes of sa\-
ages within the limits of Tevts, and on her borders, w ould
be easily excited to make war upon our defenceless liontier.
I do not deem it necessary to be more explicit hero, in the
enumeration of the reasons which }U->til} to mj mind the
speedy annexation of T«xas to the United State* My aim
is to give to this country the strength to resist foreign in-
terference W ithoutTexas w e sh^ll not ha\ e this strength.
She i-> the key to our safety in the Southwest and the West.
She otters this key to us on fair honorable terms Let
us take it, and lock the door against future danger. We
can do it without giving just otiente to Mexico. Indeed, we
may say that the measure is called lor by the interests of
Mexico, no less than our own; for without it, she can have
no reliable guaranty against future imasion.
"As to the form of annexation, I do not think it mnterial
whether it be by treaty or upon application of Texas, by an
act or joint resolution of Congress.-'
Mr. Polk thus writes upon the same subject, by
letter under date April 23, 1844, in answer to a
call made upon him by a meeting in Cincinnati,
opposed to the annexation. He says:
"Yourequesttrom mean explicit expression of opinion
upon this question of annexation Ha\mg at no time enter-
tained opinions upon public subjects which I was unwilling
to avow, it gives me pleasure to comply with your request.
I have no hesitation in declaring- that I am in favor of the
immediate reannexation of Texas to the territory and govern-
ment of the United States. i entertain no doubts as to the
power orexpediency of the reannexation * * *
"It is a part of the great valley of the Mississippi,
directly connected by its navigable waters with the Missis-
sippi river; and having once been a part of our Union, it
should never have been dismembered from it. The govern-
ment and people of Texas, it is understoood, not onlyeive
their consent, but are anxiously desirous to be reunited to
the United States. If the application of Texas for a re-union
and admission into our confederacy shall be rejected by the
United States, there is imminent danger that she will become
a dependency, if riot a colony of Great Britain—an event
winch no American patriot, anxious for the safety and pros-
perity of this" country, could permit to occur without the
most strenuous resistance. Let Texas be reannexed, and
the authority and laws, of the United States be established
and maintained within her limits, and also in the Oregon
Territory, and let the fixed policy of our government be,
not to permit Great Britain, or any other foreign power, to
plant a colony or hold dominion over any portion of the peo-
ple or territory of either "
These are the opinions of "Old Hickory" and
"Young Hickory"—of Hickory I and Hickory
II —as our political opponents snceringly call
them. The present opinions of Mr. Clay are di-
rectly the reverse. Since 1820, '25, and '36, they
have undergone a radical and fundamental change.
Whether it is owing to his present position as a can-
didate for the presidency, and his desire to concili-
ate the support of the abolitionists, I am unable to
say; but this much I can say, as I have already
shown it to be true: that, at the periods mentioned,
he was first for annulling the treaty alienating Tex-
as; next for recovering it by purchase; and, lastly,
he considered the battle of San Jacinto as decisive of
Texian independence of Mexico. In a letter dated
May 9, 1844, addressed to and published by the Na-
tional Intelligencer, he says:
"In the future progress of events, it is probable that there
will be a voluntary or forcible separation of the British
North Amoiican possessions from the parent eountrv. I
am strongly inclined to think it will be best for the happi-
ness of all parties that, in that event, they should be erect-
ed into a separate ancV independent republic. With the Ca-
nadian republic on one side, that of Texas on the other, and
the United States, the friend of both, between them, each
could advance its own happiness by such constitutions,
laws, and measures as were best adapted to its peculiar con-
dition "
$
"In conclusion, they [his objections to annexation] may
be stated in a lew words to be, that I consider the annexa-
tion of Texas, at this time, without the assent of Mexico,
as a measure compromising the national character, in-
volving us certainly m a war with Mexico, probably with
other foreign powers, dangerous to the integrity of the
Union, inexpedient in the present financial condition of the
country, and not called for by any general expression of
public opinion.''
This is Henry Clay of 1844, the presidential
aspirant, with his dangerous and startling project of
girting us on the northeast with a line of inde-
pendent Canadian republics, and on the south with
as many more ns Texas can be made into, and on
the northwest by Great Britain for near four hundred
miles, in the part of Oregon offered as a gift by him
to Great Britain. This is the great moral and po-
litical programme which Mr. Clay holds forth to the
country and the world as a bond for the peace, pros-
perity, and freedom of mankind. But is it not rather
calculated, if carried into effect, to produce war, ad-
versity, and slavery? Does not all experience teach
us that such a competition and diversity of feelings
and interests as would be embodied within the limits
of his system, would bring its different parts into
oft-recurring strife and bloodshed' Such would be
the inevitable consequence.
Having briefly spoken of the value of Texas, I
will now add a few words upon the same point in re-
gard to Oregon. The whig party seek to depreciate
its importance in order to justify their course in re-
lation to it. But it will be in vain; the people of this
country, and particularly of the western States, will
mark the men who would dismember our territory,
and make it an article of traffic to buy peace with
other nations. Oregon stretches along the Pacific
coast from north to south for twelve "degrees and
forty minutes, or about 850 miles, and east and west
from the Rocky mountains to the Pacific ocean. It
is estimated to contain half a million of square
miles, which would make it larger by one-foui th
than the territory of the original thirteen States. As
Texas is as large as Prance, Oregon is greatly
larger than England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales,
all put together. The climate is generally mild and
salubrious. The valleys of the Columbia river and
its tributaries alone are estimated to contain 350 000
square miles. The soil is fruitful, and the moun-
tains by which they are bounded on the east are
filled with mineral wealth. Mr. Slacum, well known,
in the descriptive memoirs of Oregon, says "that the
valleys ofthe rivers within this territory, exclusive
