June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Mc demand.
H. of Keps.
of the Wallamette and Columbia, contain 14,000,000
of acres of land of first quality, equal to the best
lands of Missouri and Illinois.1'
Mr. Baylies says:
"The great but undeveloped capacities of this region on
the northwest coast lor trade, must be obvious,to every one
who inspects the map.
"A vast river, with its tributaries and branches, waters
its whole extent through seven degrees of latitude, and
even penetrates beyond, into the territories of other na-
t.ons. It abounds in excellent timber, and in spars equal to
those of New Zealand, unsurpassed by any in the world.
Its wateis are navigable for vessels through half its extent,
and for boats (saving a few short portages) through half the
remainder.
"'i lie water power for moving-manufacturing machinery
is unequalled, and commences where the navigation termi-
nates. It is bounded on the south by a country which
abounds in cattle and wheat—the two great sources of sub-
sistence for a new colony, and which can be reached by sea
in less than ten days; in the vicinity, too, of other coun-
tries, whose interior is filled with the precious metals and
with the richest articles of commerce, and whose shores
abound in the pearl-producing oyster. It is within twenty
or thirty days' sail of the coasts of Peru and Chili, which
stretch in a long, narrow line along the ocean, indented
with fine bays and harbors, which countries would neces-
sarily become commercial, were they not destitute of all
the materials for ship building. Of course, they must de-
pend on the country which can supply those materials at
the cheapest,rate It is within seventy or eighty days' sail
of China and the East Indies, and within thirty of the
Sandwich Islands, (the West Indies of the Pacific,) abound-
ing in sandal wood, in the sugar cane, in tropical fruits, and
perfectly adapted to the culture of coit'ee and cotton.
"On one side it approaches a country where coal, in pro-
digious quantities, has already been discovered, and on the
other the borders of a sea which, for a space of seventy-six
degrees, is seldom ruffled by a storm, and which, in oil
probabiitiy, can be traversed in every direction by steam-
boats."
The mouth of the Columbia river is one of the
finest sites in the known world for a commercial
city. Since the introduction of steam on the ocean,
it is brought within six days' steamboat navigation
of the Sandwich Islands, and within thirty days,
over an unruffled ocean, of Canton. It is capable
of being made an admirable outlet for a portion of
the surplus productions of the West, and would en-
able us in that quarter to make a direct exchange of
them, and the boundless produce of the lead mines
of Illinois, Missouri, Wisconsin, and Iowa, for the
teas and silks of China.
Our title to all this country is irrefragable. It is a
great heritage; and, if properly husbanded, will, in
the course of time, add millions to the wealth and
population of our beloved Union.
Great Britain is awaie of this; and she is striving,
by every means at her command to despoil us of the
richest half of it. Jealous of our growing greatness
in every department of national enterprise, and of the
influence of our free institutions upon her corrupt,
systems and down-trodden masses, we see her pros-
ecuting a deliberate and systematic policy to thwart
us at every point. And it is in this view I consider
the Texas and Oregon questions as identical—as es-
sentially questions between the United States and
Great Britain. What one gains by them, the other
loses.
England seeks an alliance, and ultimately, per-
haps, the acquisition of Texas, for many objects.
First, the monopoly of the Texas markets; ulti-
mately, that she may be enabled to command the
Gulf of Mexico and the mouth of the Mississippi.
Reject Texas, and she falls into the arms of Eng-
land; and- then the cherished scheme of extending
British power from her possessions in the West In-
dies—from the Atlantic, overland, along our south-
erd frontier—to the Pacific ocean, is at length con-
summated; our southern frontier is opened at all
t'mes to aggression; and the slave institutions of the
South must sooner or later fall under British machi-
nations. In a word, our southern frontier will be
girt, as our northern frontier is already, with a cor-
don of military posts; and, thus encompassed, on
the Atlantic by her swarming fleets, on the North by
the Canadas, on the West by what she claims of
Oregon, and on the South by Texas,—she will have
us at her discretion, and may, at any time, erush us
in her coil.
Are the people of the United States prepared for
this' Which will they elect—to take Texas and
Oregon, and have safety; or yield them to England,
and run the risk of the fearful consequences?
The tariff question has also been introduced into
this very discursive debate. My colleague [Mr.
Harijik] has pressed it as an important issue to be
decided in the next presidential election. He says,
in substance, if Mr. Polk should be elected, the pro-
tective policy will be overthrown; and if Mr. Clay,
it will be sustained. Now I am willing to make
this issue with him—Mr. Polk and a revenue tariff
on one side, arid Mr. Clay and a tariff for protection
on the other; and to *go before the country for trial
upon it.
The democratic party, as I understand their views,
arein favor of limiting the exercise of the taxing pow-
er to the necessities of the government, economically
and efficiently administered. They concede it to this
extent,, but deny that it-may be extended indefi-
nitely in the discretion of Congress to any object.
This is the ground they occupy, and it is the ground
of strict construction of the constitution, of State
rtghts, and of the restraint of federal patronage and
power. The whig patty hold the opposite position:
they are in favor of indefinite taxation, both for
the purposes of domestic protection and government.
And what now does this doctrine imply? It im-
plies a latitudinous construction of the constitution,
and the alarming power of unlimited taxation with-
out reference to objects. Its inevitable tendency,
practically enforced, is federal centralization and'con-
solidation—the overthrow of our whole system of
government, as devised and planned by our ances-
tors. By excluding or tending to exclude foreign
imports, its operation is to make one section of the
Union dependent upon the other—to enrich the
manufacturing States at the expense of the agricul-
tural. But, sir, let us inquire a little more minutely
into this favorite system'of our political opponents.
The southern and western are agricultural—the
eastern manufacturing States; the first sell agricul-
tural productions, the latter manufactured produc-
tions. Now, if you lay such a duty upon the ex-
changes received m foreign markets, for the agricul-
tural surplus of one section as to prohibit their im-
portation, the consequence is to deprive that
section of a foreign market for its surplus, and
to leave whatever surplus may exist, after, fur-
nishing the home market, to rot on the hands
of its producers, or otherwise to drive them
from agricultural pursuits. This is the effect on
one hand. On the other, by excluding foreign im-
ports, you give the control of the home market to
the domestic manufacturers of the other section,
and thus increase the price of manufactures to
the coiasumers of the country, to the amounts of the
duties laid for protection. There are counteracting
causes which modify this proposition, and, to some
extent, mitigate its practical operation; yet,as a gen-
eral proposition, it is true. If the agricultural and
manufactured products of the country were equal,
there would, perhaps, be no great injustice in this
system; but as the former greatly exceed the latter,
and as the principal market for the first is in foreign
countries, and of the latter at home, its operation be-
comes unjust and iniquitous. It is said that the
proportions of foreign and domestic manufactures
of the same^ kind, are as forty to four hundred mil-
lions. If this be true, the consequence is, that the
price of the whole is increased to consumers, ac-
cording to the rates of the duties laid for protection;
subject, as before said, to the slight abatement of par-
ticular causes.
Are the people of the West and South willing to
submit to such enormous exactions, that the manu-
facturers of the East may obtain the ascendency in
the home market? The whole burden of this sys-
tem falls upon agricultural labor. It taxes the agri-
culturist for the benefit of the manufacturer. To
illustrate: Suppose, sir, you were to undertake to
tax the agricultural exports of this country, upon
leaving the ports of the United States, to the amount
of your present protective duties upon their ex-
changes, for the benefit of domestic manufacturers:
what would be the outcry? Could you find the
power, in this government and the manufacturers
combined, to enforce such injustice? No; it would
be resisted by-force. Yet you do the same thing in
effect, when you deduct from the value of these ex-
changes, when brought into our ports, the amount
of the duties laid for protection. Again, sir—to
bring the matter still closer home—suppose you
were to undertake to impose a direct tax upon the
people of the West and South, to be given as a
bounty to the manufacturers of the East: do you
suppose they would tolerate it? Certainly not. Yet
you do it indirectly, when you require of them,
under yorr protective policy, to pay to these man-
ufacturers an increased price for their manufactures.
The whole system, when analyzed, is nothing
more than a legalized system of fraud and plunder.
Look for example to the tariff of J842, passed hy
the late whig Congress, and commonly known as
the black tariff. It is nothing more than an act of
piracy upon the laborious multitude. I here sub-
mit a table furnished by my friend from Alabama,
[Mr. Payne,] which exhibits the beauties of this
favorite bantling of modern whigery, in a nfuch
more striking light than I otherwise could do it.
It shows that the prime necessaries of life, such as
are used by the poorer classes, are taxed doubfe
and treble as much as the luxuries ,of the rich. The
ad valorem rate of duty imposed by government
id in the right hand column:
upon each item is placed
dtsgo
5 o ir* -r
* Si 2
°3 ©  £ « <
5 o
6 2^ 5*2 *
p 3 2 3
, 03 p _CK}
n> o
jdooyog >-3os*«>Ht**5
£ S's « 2.2 % 5>- =rs-s
3J!   I 3 2,2 5"g !"
a> Om S*c ^ 3
*-£■0
ssg-b-spi
r s- • *§! 2,5
Is 1 "SS
_ 5*S
3
  g £
{£
as
Per cent.
TJjis, sir, is a brief outline of the practical virtues
of protection, as advocated by the whig party;
wheh, according to the opinion of my colleague^
constitutes the chief political, virtue of his candidate
for the.presidency.
My colleague, however, arraigns Mr. Polk on the
score of consistency. How stands this matter with
Mr. Clay? I will undertake to show. In 1811,
Mr. Clay held these sentiments, in the Sepate.of the
United States, upon the power of Congress to es-
tablish a bank.
"This vagrant power to erect a hank, after having wan.
dered throughout the whole constitution inquest ofsome
congenial spot whereon to fasten, has been at length lo-
cated, by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] on
that provision which authorizes Congress to lay and collect
taxes, &c. In 1791, the power is referred to one part of the
instrument; in 1811, to another. Sometimes it is alleged to
be deducible from the power to regulate commerce. Hard
pressed, here, it disappears, and shows itself under tlie
grant to comjj-monev.'"
* *" # *
■'I conceive, then, sir, that wc are not- empowered by the
constitution, nor bound by any practice under it, tore-
new the charter of this bank: and I might here rest the argu-
ment.'"
* _ # * if fc
"Here no rule exists but the constitution; and to legislate
upon the ground merely that our predecessors thought
themselves authorized, undersimilar circumstances, to leg-
islate, is to sanctify error and perpetuate usurpation "
"The power of a nation, it is said, consists in the sword
and the purse. Perhaps, at last, ail power is resolveable in-
to thdtof the purse, lor, with it, you may command almost
everything else."
J * * * * *
"May not the time arrive when the concentration of such
a vast portion of the circulating medium of the country in
the hands of any corporation, will be dangerous to our lib-
erties? By whom is this immense power wielded? By a
body, who, in derogation of the great principle of all our
institutions—responsibility to the people—is amenable only
to a few stockholders, and they principally foreigners "
In his Hanover speech in 1840, see National In-
telligencer, July 13, 1840, he says:
'•1 think the power to establish such a bank (a United
States bank) is a settled question: settled by Washington
and by Madison, by the people, by forty years acquiescence,
by the judiciary, and by both of the great parties which so
long held sway in this country. I know and respect the
contrary opinion, which is entertained in this State. But in
my deliberate view of the matter, the power to establish
such a bank being settled, and being a necessary and proper
power, the only question is as to the expediency of its
exercise.'5
During the, session of Congress of 1815-16, Mr.
