610
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their choice for the presidency, and to secure the re-election
to the presidency of the present incumbent.
Sir, this course is not only unpatriotic, but ridiculous; and
it is quite time that the interests of the country should re-
ceive some small part of the attention of Congress, and that
its interest should no longer be sacrificed upon the sole
ground that Mr. Tyler's prospects for re-election to the pres-
idency will brighten, if this measure is adopted or that
treaty is approyed.
This course is the more ridiculous and contemptible be-
cause it is pursued by persons who; in some instances, long
ago, years passed, were foremost in the advocacy of those
measures.
But it is not now the time to adopt those measures, nor
are the reasons assignedfor the adoption of them satisfacto-
ry; although we are all for the adoption of them at the
proper time and upon the proper reasons.
Now, sir, why is it not the proper time? Because Mr.
Tyler made the treaty, and his popularity may be increased
if it be ratified. And, moreover, the reasons assigned by
the Secretary of State for making the treaty will add to his
popularity, if the treaty is concluded; therefore it must be
rejected at this time.
Sir, will a course of this kind satisfy the people? Will
they be satisfied that great national measures involving
the interest of the whole country, shall be postponed or
lost forever, because the time of settling them or the rea-
sons assigned by the Secretary of State for doing so, are not
. satisfactory to tne ambitious aspirants to the presidency in
expectancy? I think not, sir. And it may be the people
will observe an ambitious selfishness in this course which
will not meet their approbation or merit their confidence
when the parties interested will most need it.
.Sir, I will say, in conclusion, to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Rathrun] and Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson]
if any portion of their constituents can be bribed into a be
trayal of their principles, and to perform political service
to Mr. Tyler, for ine contemptible office of a petty post
  master, they would be a very unsafe depository of political
power, and vast injury might be done to the cause of civil
liberty by an ofter to them of $7 per month and rations.
But, sir . I believe the gentlemen do their constituents in-
justice. I trust there is no part of the American people
who can be thus bribed. Believing this, I cannot consent
to vote for the amendment, even if those agents did inter-
fere in the politics of the country—knowing the necessity
of the service. But, with every reason to believe that they
do not so interfere, I trust the amtyidment will be rejected.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he was not quite satisfied that
these officers were so essentially necessary as some gentle-
men seemed to suppose; at least so great a numberas were
now employed. And ne would inquire how it happened
that they always agreed in politics with the existing ad-
■ministration. They had it in their power to do a great deal
of mischief, traversing the Union from one end to another,
 nd acting as the medium of application, from the people of
various sections, for the establishment of post offices at par-
ticular points.
The question was taken upon the amendment; and upon
a division, there were 59 in the affirmative, and 28 in the
negative—-no quorum voting.
Tellers were then demanded, and Messrs. Burke and
Brengle ware appointed, who reported 77 ayes and 62
noes. So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the House.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the committee took up the
bill making appropriations for the support of the navy.
Mr. PARMENTER moved the following amendment:
After the word "dollars" in the eleventh line, insert, Pro-
vided, That the whole number of petty officers, seamen,
ordinary seamen, landsmen, and boys in the naval service
shall not exceed 7,600 at any one time during the fiscal
year for which this appropriation is made.
Mr. SLIDELL moved the following as an amendment to
the amendment:
Provided, That no portion of the said sum be applied to
the pay of any officers of any grade beyond the number in
the respective grades that were in the service on the first
day of January, 1842; and Provided farther, That all persons
who may have been appointed as master's mates since the
fourth day of August, 1842, and who were not, at the time of
their appointment, able seamen of the first class, shall be
forthwith disrated.
Mr. C. JOHNSON expressed himself gratified to see the
limitation proposed by the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs; that he had long believed that we should
have a peace establishment for the navy, as well as the ar-
my; and that the number of officers and men in each bhould
be limited to the necessities of the public service. Hereto
fore the navy had been left to the discretion of the Secreta-
ry, only limited by the appropriation bills. He urged upon
the chairman of the Naval Committee the propriety of redn-
cing still further. Jfhedid not misunderstand the amend-
ment, it proposed to man the number of vessels requiied for
the next year in the same way that we would do in time of
war, as we have heretofore done. He thought there should
be a d'^erence in the complement cf men required for each
ship in war and in peace. He read a table, showing that in
the Bntish service, first class men-of-war of 120 guns, m
time ofpeace had on board (officers, men, and marines) 886
men, whilst the same class in our service had onboard 1,300,
officers, men, and marines—near one-third more officers and
men in the American service than were employed in the
British The table showed about the same difference in ves-
8inferior size He thought the number of men and
?Tf-euS be regulated for a peaee, and not a war es-
tablishment. He expressed the hope that the chairman of
tne Naval Committee would so shape his amendment at to
nx tne number of officers and men for a peac.* establish-
was desirous of having a peace establishment,
and the expenditures properly regulated. This branch of
tne service, together with the army, were the great sources
oi expenditure. He read a table, showing the expenditures
0 J branches of the public service from 1821 to 1S42, as
For the army .... $137,810,030
For the navy .... 97,766,696
$230,577,626
Annual average - . - . $10,708,074
He said the country would be astonished to see the im-
mense sums expended on the army and navy; and, as he
thought, without any adequate return to the country. He
could see no advantage to the country from this immense
expenditure—no adequate return.
He was aware of the excuse made for it—the protection
of our commerce. This was a mere pretext—an excuse for
throwing upen the public treasury an immense number of
men, who might be much more profitably to the country
employed in other occupations. He alluded to the Medi-
terranean squadron and tne expenditures lor the protection
of our commerce on that sea; and expressed the opinion
that our expenditures at that station equalled the whole of
the commerce east of the straits of Gibraltar—that it
would be better for the country to pay for the commerce
than protect it; that there was no more need to protect our
commerce in the Mediterranean than there was in the
Chesapeake bay. Such a thing as pirates in that sea had
been scarcely heard of in the last twenty years. He ex-
pressed his determination to vote for the amendment, but
hoped the cliaiiman would so shape it as to make a regular
peace establishment.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the reading of the amendment
submitted by him, and, it having been read, Mr. S. said that
he would say a word or two in explanation, in order that its
object might not be misunderstood. By the act of 2d March,
1842, it was provided that the number of officers in the ser-
vice should not be increased beyond what it was in 1841;
nor should the number of midshipmen be increased beyond
the number in service in that year. The object of the
amendment was to correct an abuse that had been prac-
tised, not by the present Secretary of the Navy, but by his
firedecessor, Mr. Hen'shaw. Tliis gentleman evadea the
aw by appointing a number of young gentlemen acting mas-
ter's mates, and made so many of these appointments as to
prevent the reductions contemplated by the law. All these
appointments (some fifty or sixty) were made of residents
north and east of the District of Columbia—not one of them
was appointed south of the Potomac and west of the Allegha-
nies.
When he first heard of Mr. Henshaw's rejection by the
Senate, he was under the impression that he had been treat-
ed harshly—that there was nothing in the character he had
previously sustained, that would justifv it; but when he
came to learn the facts connected with these appointments
of master's mates, he was satisfied that the Senate had acted
correctly, and that their rejection of Mr. Henshaw had been
caused by this course of conduct on his part.
Now, he thought that every friend of the navy should
join in correcting abuses such as this He did not intend to
make any charge of the kind against the present Secretaiy
of the Navy; on the contrary, that officer had told him that
he disapproved of Mr. Henshaw's conduct in this particular
instance. All he wanted was to provide by law against
the recurrence of such an abuse. He fully agreed with the
chairman of the. Naval Committee, that the number of men
should be limited, though he was not prepared to say that
the reduction should be as low as 7,'jOO.
Mr. HOLMES observed that the amendment of the chair-
man of the Naval Committee [Mr. Parmentkr] restricted
the Navy Department in manning the vessels of the navy,
and he was therefore opposed to it. The observations of
the gentleman from Tennessee induced the belief that he
looked upon the navy as a perfectly useless incumbrance on
the government, and that it cost more to keep it up than our
commerce was worth He was opposed distinctly to any
limitation as to the number of the men. There had been
already a limitation on the number of officers, and he ven-
tured to asseit that the limitation of the number of men
would be productive of the greatest difficulties. The per-
sonnel of the navy could not be obtained at any time. Na-
poleon, in the height of his power, commanding, as he did,
the southern ports of the Mediterranean, built and
equipped two large fleets, superior in strength, so
far as ships were concerned, to those of the British;
but what was the result? Why, in the height of his
power, he was unable to meet the fleets of Great Britain,
because he discovered, after having incurred an enormous
expense, that he could not get the personnel. The wisest
monarch on the continent of Eui'ope was now availing
himself of Napoleon's dear-bought experience, and taking
tho best means of accomplishing what Napoleon failed in—
that is, in time of peace, raising up seamen for his navy, by
encouraging his commercial and military marine. What
was this government now doing? Why, giving bounties
to our fishermen, and giving them also indirect bounties
in the way of a drawback on salt. No that fish was want-
ed, or that salt was wanted; but it was thought wise, in
this way, to carry out the policy of our forefathers, and en-
courage the growth of seamen to be ready in the event of
a war. Mr H. denied that there would be any true econo-
my in the adoption of the amendment. The expense would
not be reduced; for if the number of men on board a line of
battle ship should be reduccd to seven or eight hundred
men, as contemplated by the gentleman from Tennessee,
the department might send out a sloop of w ar with the ship
of the line, carrying three or four hundred moie. The de-
partment had only to keep more vessels afloat, and the ob-
ject of the amendment would be thus defeated, tinder these
circumstances he thought the matter had better be left to
the discretion of the department. But again: suppose there
were eight thousand men in the navy: had the government
the power to dismiss them when it pleased? No; it was
bound by the contract entered into with the men when
they enlisted. These men must be kept in employment, or
be paid in idleness; and he supposed the gentleman from
Massachusetts would not agree to that.
But he took higher ground. He would not say that he
was astonished to hear his friend from Tennessee speak of
the navy as he had done, but he thought he should be much
astonished if the gentleman from Tennessee proved his tile-
gationn. The gentleman had said there were no benefits re-
sulting to our commerce from our navy; but had that gentle-
man taken the trouble to look as much to the benefits as to
the expenses of the navy? "Where were thev now develop-
ing new sourees of commerce? In the China seas. He
then proceeded to notice to exposed condition of our com-
merce, and the danger to be apprehended from pirates, with-
out the defence of our navy, and the effect produced by the
existence of a naval force capable of punishing piracies.
Not to speak of national honor, but simply as a matter of
dollars and cents, he advocated the maintenance of an effi-
cient navy as a wise economy. One gentleman had called
upon them«to reduce the navy to a peace establishment; but
he wished that gentleman to define what he meant by a
peace establishment? Was it the system of gun-boats,
which the gentleman from Tennessee was old enough to re-
member? He spoke at some length on the inutility of such
a force, and the necessity and economy of a naval force
worthy of the country, which was so rapidly increasing in
population, and property, and enterprise. This country
ought never to be found in the predicament of being with-
out an armed force both by sea and land. He spoke of the
naval force of France and England, in the Gulf of Mexico;
the importance of our commerce which found a market
by that outlet from the valley of the Mississippi;* of
the treaty of Texan annexation; and of the facts dis-
closed by the published correspondence in relation
to the designs upon Texas as a foreign power. He
discussed at large the policy pursued by Great Britain
towards Afghanistan, in illustration of his argument, adding
that Texas stood to us in the relation that Afghanistan
stood to Great Britain. He did not look upon the move-
ments of Great Britain in India, as barely for territorial ag-
grandizement, and he intimated that her designs on Texas
were in contemplation of the smuggling of her fabrics from
Texas into the United States. After speaking at great
length on the commercial aspect of the case, he spoke of the
domestic institution of slavery as involved in the great
struggle now going on, and said he held slavery to be ne-
cessary to the cultivation of southern products. He con-
cluded with a warning to gentlemen not to reduce the army
and navy so far as to leave the country defenceless; and
contended that, by keeping the naval force on a respectable
footing, peace would be secured as long as the gentleman
from Tennessee could desire.
Mr. PARMENTER made some explanations in reply to
the remarks of the gentleman from Tennessee. He said
this was not a proposition to diminish the force, but to com-
pel the department to confine itself within the limits of its
own estimates, and to conform to the laws.
Mr. HAMLIN said, in the few suggestions which he in-
tended to offer, he would confine himself strictly to the mer-
its of the question He trusted he was the very last person
who would detract'from the well-merited fame of the navy;
but he had another iule of action: he would endeavor so to
vote in relation to this subject as to check, if possible, what
he believed the gross and extravagant expenditure of pub-
lic money; and he referred gentlemen, in corroboration of
this assertion that there was extravagance in the expendi-
tures, to the report of the Committee on Naval Affairs. The
facts which staiedthem in the face from every quarter jus-
tified him in the assertion that there was gross extrava-
gance. Mr. H. refened to various items of expenditure, in
proof of the existence of extravagance.
It was not correct economy, he would admit, to dole out
the expenditures of the government with parsimony; but it
was equally improper to spend the means of the govern-
ment extravagantly, and to allow the navy to drink up the
public treasure, as the sand drinks up the gushing rain-
drops. The proper course lay between the two extremes.
His chief object in addressing the committee was to in-
voke their attention to the propriety of making this bill con-
formable to the naval retrenchment bill, which he trusted
was soon to come up for consideration; indeed, he did hope
it would have preceded this bill.
Mr. H. next adverted to the enormous increase of the
number of officers in the navy, and that in a time of peace,
when the number ought to be lessened. He produced ta-
bles, taken from official returns, to show that the greater
number of these officers were necessarily unemployed, and
were spending their time at home in idleness. He had noth-
ing to urge against any officex of the navy, they could not
be blamed for receiving the allowance which the law gave,
them, whether employed or not;—but he asked gentlemen
to examine the great disparity between the number ot naval
officers, as regulated by statute, and the number now in ex-
istence.
Mr. H. went into a detailed statement showing gross ex-
travagance in expenditures appertaining to the naval ser-
vice.
Mr. H. concluded by summing up the statement, showing,
as the result, that $2,142 97 was expended in liquor for the
sick, and $10,288 53 for provisions. The amount expended
within a period of one year on the coast of Florida by the
commander of this little squadron, was five hundred and four
thousand five hundred and eighty dollars; and yet the gen-
tleman from South Carolina foend in this nothing to induce
the House the House to restrict the appropriations. Mr. H.
said he would go for the amendment. He would go for any-
thing to stop the drafts these leeches were making on the
treasury. His principal object, however, in rising, was to
call on the members to redeem the pledges of economy that
they made at the beginning of the session, and he trusted
that now that they had the opportunity they would redeem
them. He was from a commercial State and would be the
last man to do afty act that would be injurious to commerce:
but he did not understand how commerce could be benefited
or protected by suffering this enormous and profligate waste
of public money to be continued. By introducing a proper
system of economy and accountability, the navy would be
more efficient, and the government would be able to employ
move ships and more guns to protect commerce than they
now did.
Mr. HALE offered the following amendment:
"That so much of the fixst section of the act entitled 'An
act to regulate the pay of the navy,' approved the 3d of
March, 1835; * and the twelfth section of an act, entitled 'An
act to regulate the pay of pursers and other officers of the
navy,' passed August 25,1842, as provides that officers tem-
porarily employed performing the duties belonging to those
of a higher grade snail receive the compensation al'ow^l
