CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
612
to such higher grade while actually so employed, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed."
Mr. HALE addressed the committee in favor of the amend-
ment, and commented on the abuses practised in the navy,
and the necessity forretienchment in that branch of the ser-
vice. It was sagaciously remarked to him by a young
mend, the other day, that the army retrenchment bill might
pass both Houses oi Congress, because there the retrench-
ment was principally from the pay oi* the junior officers—
the major-generals, with their salaries ot six or seven thou-
sand dollars a year, being scarcely touched: but that the na-
vy retrenchment bill could not be passed, lor the post-cap-
tams were to be considerably reduced by*it; and they
would have sufficient mfiucnce to defeat it. There was an
old maxim in the navy, that there was no law for a post
captain, and really the adage seemed now to be verified. The
navy (said Mr H ) is utterly without law, and the document
just read by the gentleman irom Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,]
showiug the expenditures of the Florida squadron, proved
it. Such conduct as w as described in that document ought
to make every American blush; but what was the result of
it! Why, the officer came iorward and demanded of the
Secretary of the Navy (Mr. Henshaw) extra compensation
as commander of a foreign squadron, and the Secretary paid
him from live to seven thousand dollars more. It was to cor-
rect a thousand such abuses as this, that had crept into the
navy, that he would offer the amendment which had been
read for the information of the committee. Mr. H. went on
to comment on the large amount of money unnecessarily
expended foi the navy. We have, said he, twice as many
officers as there is any use for, and they receive higher pay
than the officers of any navy in the world.
In answer to the gentleman from South Carolina. [Mr.
Holmes,] who called the attention of the committee to the
danger ot acollision with a foreign power, he would say
that the danger was not to be met on the ocean, but in this
House, and that if they were now in the better days of the
republic, the chief magistrate would not ha\e ventured on
the bold experiment 01 endangering the peace of the coun-
try, and making a warlike demonstration on a friendly
power, without asking the advice and consent ol Congress,
ihe danger was in a cowardly spirit, that would submit to
executive encroachments.
He was asked to vote liberal appropriations of the public
money—ho supposed to enable the executive to show our
navy at Vera Ciuz, and send an aimy to the Sabine; but he
would tell the executive that he had yet to get the first dol-
lar by his vote while this course of conduct was pursued.
As for this Texas matter, he would say, for one, that he had
little sympathy with that spirit which was so courageous
to Mcxico, and yet sat tamely still and listened to the roar
of the British lion in Oregon If any bravery was to be
shown, let us have a foeman worthy of our steel. Let us
not (said he) act so bravely towards Mexico, and so cow-
ardly towards England, which now holds possession of our
territory, to which we have an undisputed light.
Mr. H. again returned to the abuses and extravagances of :
the navy ; and, among others, referred to the Portsmouth
navy-yard, where were stationed twenty-six officers, at an
expense of $30,000 a year, and all to command six seamen
and twelve ordinary seamen. This yard was commanded
by a post captain; and what duties had he to perform? Why,
just nothing. What had the eommeruler to do? Why, to
help the captain, and as for the lieutenants, they had noth-
ing to do but to give orders to the midshipmen.
He hoped the committee would look at this matter se*
riously. He, for one, could not go home and look his hard-
working, tax-paying constituents in the face, if he should
record his vote in favor of such extravagant appropriations.
Ihey had here gut rid of primogeniture, one of the worst
leaturss of the English system; but they were creating a
still worse feature by appropriating money to create these
class aristocracies. Since the subject had been under the
consideration of the standing committee, an officer of the
navy came to one of its members and remonstrated against
the reduction of his salary; alleging that, if the reduction
was effected, he should be compelled to take his sons from
college. The reply of the member was, "then let them go
to the plough, as mine do." He (Mr. Hale) hoped the com-
mittee would take up the subject and retrench effectually.
The amendment to the amendment was then agreed to;
and after a few words from Mr. PARMENTER and Mr. Mc-
KA Y. the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. PARMENTER proposed an amendment as a substi-
tute for a very large part ol the bill 111 detail, to eflect reduc-
tions in various salaries, and the abolition ofseveral officts.
Mr. P. briefly explained the retrenchments which his
amendment would effect, and the changes which it would
occasion.
Mr. McICAY advocated the amendment.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to amend the amendment by
striking out all the appropriations in relation to the navy-
yard at Washington, wlncn he deemed entirely useless, es-
pecial!} as there was a navy-yard al Gosport. He hoped
the amendment which he now proposed would be adopted,
and that, before the end of the session, the House would
agree to transfer the navy-yard from Washington to some
point on the Mississippi n\ er, where it could be established
with more advantage to the imprests ol the country.
Mr. PARMENTER opposed this amendment.
Mr. J. W. I>A\ IS said lie wa« not prepared to asseit that
the amendment should be carried to the extent suggested
by the gentleman lrom Tennessee; but he was opinion that
it would bo more advantageous this government to dis-
continue the building of \ essels at this navy-yard, lor the
reason that materials ol all kinds were more expensive here
than at almost any other point that could be named.
The amendment \va« opposed by Messrs. HOLMES and
McKAY, and the question was further debated by Messrs.
SCHENCK, E. J. BLACK, C.JOHNSON, DICKINSON, and
others.
:vir. DICKINSON said : 1 represent a constituency re-
moved a thousand miies from the seaboard. .Yet, sir, with
us there is no prejudice against the navy. We take pride m
its character. The achievements of Perry, Decatur, and
others of our gallant officers during the late war, made the
navy dear to the heart ot the American people. I, for one,
would not impair its strength by mutilating or cutting off'
any of its important members; for economy or true reform
does not consist in impairing any of the essential functions
the government, but in making them more efficient, by
simpluying them, and introducing responsibility in their
management.
Wewho are the advocatesof the establishment of a naval
depot m the West do not desire to destroy your navy yards
on the seaboaad. But we invite gentlemen of the sea-
board, who are so deeply interested, to introduce a thorough
and searching inquiry into the abuses and extravagance
which are alleged to exist in this branch of the service; for
the impression is widespread that both .exist to an alarming
extent. And those who will point out the abuses and re-
form the navy, by cutting off the unnecessary and "rotten
branches of the service, will entitle themselves to be called
the friends of the navy in deed and truth,
I hope my colleague, flVir. Johnson,] who desires with
myself the establishment of a naval depot in the West, and
in our own State, will withdraw his proposition, that we
may show our friends in the East that we are not urging
the establishment of a navy yard at Memphis as a State
or a sectional question, but one in which the whole coun-
try, and the entire West especially, has a deep and vital in-
terest.
I should not have made any remarks upon the establish-
ment of a depot at Memphis at this time, as we have a biil
now on the Speaker's table, which has passed the Senate
by a vote of nearly 3 to 1, but for the direction this debate
lias taken in the remarks of the gentleman who preceded
ine.
We desire that rigid economy may be introduced in the
appropiiations, tiiat a portion of the money which is spent
upon the navy may be given to the building a naval depot
and yard in the valley of the Mississippi. We deem this a
measure of essential importance to protect our commerce,
which finds its way out of the Gulf of Mexico, and as a
means of defending the southwest from invasion.
The government has already had a survey made of Mem-
phis, the most eligible point on the Mississippi lor this pur-
pose—where timber, equal in quality to any in world, in-
exhaustible in quantity, of eveij variety, can be had at a
very low price; a point at which the Mississippi river is
never frozen over, and to wrhich vessels come from the
Gulf at every season of the year. It is in the heart of the
garner of the Union, where supplies of provisions can be
ad-at less than half of the New York and Philadelphia
prices; and convenient to Kentucky and Missouri, where the
supply of cordage is so abundant. Tennessee iron is the
hest in the Union The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Black] shakes his head. 1 can tell the gentleman that
i understand Tennessee iron is shipped to Pittsburgh and
Cincinnati for the purpose of building boilers, See. Iron,
lead, and copper can be obtained without limit as to extent
and quality. Here ships can at all times be built and repair-
ed entirely out of the reach of foreign vessels in time of
war; and steamships can be built at Memphis for one-half
the cost it would Require to build them at Philadelphia or
New York.
Sir, it may be supposed that an objection to establishing
a naval depot at Memphis may be found in the difficulty of
supplying these steamships with seamen If so, all fears on
that point may be dismissed; the Tennessee, Cumberland,
and Ohio rivers alone can supply, from their steamboats,
keelboats and flatboats, seamen that will hold the mouth
of the mouth of the Mississippi secure against the entire
British navv, in case of another invasion in that quarter.
We Uiall then, sir, not have need to send for seammen to
Marblehead, Philadelphia, or New York, to defend our com-
merce or our country; and, great as were the exploits of
these gallant men in the late war, our boatmen from the
Tennessee, Ohio, and Cumberland will rival them for dar-
ing and enterprise in the next war. The "West will then be
prepared to defend her commerce and the homes ol her peo-
ple by her own hardy sons.
I would call the attention of the House to the extent of
that commerce and its rapid increase. In 1803 it was only
34,000 bales of cotton, 4,000 hogsheads sugar, and 2,000 hogs-
heads tobacco. Now, in forty \ ears, more than 1,400,000
are shipped from the Gulf of Mexico. And, in the defcnce
ofthe Gulf of Mexico, we may be told that our eastern
friends will send us ships from New Yoik, Philadelphia, or
Boston Sir, these ships may not be able to reach us in
our hour of peril; and when they shall come to our relief,
on the first damage received from the fire of an enemy, or
from the rough coast or weather, by ripping off'a plank,
they will have to return two thousand miles to refit and
repair.
Establish, then, a naval depot and v aid at Memphis, and
fortify the entrance to the Gulf of Mexico at Key West, or
some other point wheie ships of the largest class can ride
safely at all times, and the Gulf of Mexico—the Mediter-
ranean of the ne.v world—and its commercc can always be
easily and fully protected, and if the British government,
with all her pride and strength, shall dare to possess herself
of Cuba orTexas, to contiol the policy of this nation or our
domestic institutions, take rny word for it that these western
seamen will teach her effectually again, as they once did at
New Orleans, that she can, like other nations, prosper most
by attending to her own affairs.
The committee rose and reported progress on the navy
bill, and action on the post office bill.
After some discussion 011 a point of order,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tfesdav, May 21st, 1844.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from citizens of
Yates county, New York, and a memorial from Newbury-
port, Massachusetts, recommending the creation of some
power for the settlement ol international disputes w ithout a
resort to war: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial very numerously
signed, from citizens of Baltimore, urging upon Congress
the passage of a law fixing one day throughout the United
States, for the election of President and Vice President ofthe
United States. Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
having charge ofthe bill lrom the House for that purpose.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial from J. P. Curran
and others of the State of Illinois, in favor of the annexation
of Texas to the Union, and urging the ratification of th 1
treaty for that object. Ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a remonstrance of citi-
zens of Ontario county, New York, against the annexation
of Texas to the Union. Ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Committee on
Military Aflairs was discharged from the further considera-
tion ot the memorial of Samuel Colt, asking Congic-s to
give him some consideration for his invention of a subma-
rine battery, and for the time employed and expends incur-
red in testing the practicability of the same: and it re-
ferred to the Coirimittee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro. tem. laid.before the Senate a com-
munication from the Navy Department upon the above sub-
ject; and it was referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from Hartford,
Connecticut, praying for the annexation of Texas to the
United States; which was read, and ordered to lie 011 the
table.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a remonstrance from the
citizens ofthe township of Blissiield, Michigan, ugainvt the
annexation of Texas to the United States; which was reltr-
led to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. RIVES presenied a petition from the widow of Wil-
liam^ White, deceased, a lieutenant in the army ofthe res-
olution, asking for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. HUGER presented a preamble and resolution adopted
at a public meeting of the citizens of Charleston, South Car-
ohna, in favor of the annexation of Texas to the United
Slates: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported back, without amendment, and with a recommen-
dation that it do pass, the bill from the House making ap-
propriation for the improvement of eastern rivers and has-
bors.
Also, from the same committee, to which the subject had
been referred by resolution of the Senate, reported a bill to
allow the salt iinpoited from foieign countries to be landed
on the right bank of the Mississippi nver, opposite the city
of New Orleans; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading; read the second time, consideied as 111 committee
of the whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported back, without amendment, and with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill from the House of Representa-
tives making appropriations for Sie improvement of the
western rivers and harbors.
Mr. BAGiJy, from the Committee on Territories, report'
ed back, with amcndments, and with a recommendation that
they do pass, the bills from^the House of the following ti-
tles, vu:
The bill making appropriations'for certain ^improvements
in the Territory of Morida;
The bill gi anting a section of land for the improvement of
Grant river, at the town of Potosi, 111 Wisconsin Territory;
and
The bill making appropriations for certain improvements
in the Territory of Iowa.
Mr. JARNAGIN, from the Committee on Pensions, made
adverse reports in the cases of Fanny Massey, the widow of
Henry Massey, for a pension, and Bela "i oung of New
Hampshire, for an increase of pension: ordered to lie onlhe
table, and he printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committer on Naval Affairs, re-
ported a bill providing for the establishment of nav&l
schools; which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. TALLMADGE, the report of the Cc.i
mittee on Naval Affairs, asking to be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Julia L. Weed, was
taken from the table, where it had been laid some days
since, in consequence of the absence of the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. T. moved to' amend the resolution reported by the
committee, by adding "and that said petition be referred to
the Commissioner ot Pensions."
Mr. PEARCE explained that the committee, conceiving
the 1 ule of the Senate prohibitory in regard to this petition,
had simply asked to be dischaiged from its consideration;
but it. was not to be implied that there was anything in this
adverse to the merits of the claim. The case was this: the
petitioner was the widow oi a quartermaster, whose pay
was $60 a month. By law, she was entitled to a pension of
half her husband's pay; but this being the first instance of
the application of a quartermaster's widow, the Commis-
sioner of Pensions found no precedent for rating the pen-
sion higher than that of a captain of marines, and had ac-
cordingly allowed her but $20 a month, instead of $30,
which, by law, she was entitled to. Her application was
for payment of the difference. The reference to the Com-
missioner of Pensions was with a new of enabling hhn to
make the necessary correction, lire matter had been re-
ferred to the Attorney General; who, in a very able and
elaborate report expressed a decided opinion m favor of the
claimant.
Mr. HAYWOOD strongly objected to the resolution, on
the ground of its being a iiagrant violation of the standing
rules ofthe Senate. The matter had been already refened
to the Commissioner of Pensions, who had made his de-
cision; and the Senate subsequently confirmed that decisiou.
The Senate's own rule stood opposed to the action of the
committee a second time upon the subject; and it had ac-
cordingly requested to be discharge'' fiom its consideration.
But to attach to the resolutio'n ol di&charge a proviso that
the matter should be referred to the Commissioner of Ten-
sions, would be to invoke that officer's reversal of his ow n
decision.
Mr. TALLMADGE would remove any objection, by a
modification of his amendment, by adding to the wcids,
"and that said petition be referred to the Coinmi'-tioner of
Pensions,the words, "for such action as he may deem
right and proper according to law on the subject"
Mr. PEARCE hoped the rules of the Senate were not like
the laws of the Medes and Persian?, which "altereth not.''
but, when opposed to the correction of error, were them-
selves subject to suspension or .revision. In a case of such
plain and palpable justice as this, it was proper that any ob-
stacle to the correction required should be removed.
W>.B*YARD contended that the course suggested by
Ue conntitse itself was the.only proper one. The com
