March, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Principles of Mr. Van Buren—Mr. Hardin.
H.ofi Regs.
it is there, Mr. Chairman, whence you and I come—
iu the great valley of' the West, stretching far away
from the Alleghany to the Rocky mountains, upon
its sunny slopes- and green vales—the teeming mil-
lions will be found, ere long, who are to guide and
govern the destinies of this great republic. Yes; it
is there that empire, in her westward march, will
take up her permanent and final abode, and .crown
the great experiment of a world-admired, republic
with success and glory. Yet these enterprising and
daring people, the pioneers and settlers of the great
"West, have been denounced and' pursued by Mr.
Clay in a spirit of rancorous persecution. 1 will
furnish some facts to make good this statement.
In December, 1837, Mr. Van Buren, in his annual
message to Congress, recommended the reduction
and graduation of the price of the public lands. "A
bill to grant pre-emption rights" was accordingly
brought forward. On the 27th of January, 1838,
Mr. Merrick, a whig senator from Maryland, pro-
posed to amend the bilt by excluding aliens and for-
eigners not naturalised from-the benefits of its pro-
visions. The amendment was rejected—yeas 15,
Clay voting for it—nays 28. See Senate Jour-
nal, .1837 and 1838, page 181. Same page, Mr. Clay
offered the following amendment:
"Sec. 2. Jind be'it further enacted, That all settlements on
the public lands, subsequent to the first day of December,
1337, shall "be, and the same are, strictly prohibited; and the
President shall be, and hereby is, authorized and required
to cause all persons -who may settle on the public lands
subsequent to the day aforesaid, to be removed."
This amendment was rejected-—yeas 21, nays 23;
Mr. Clay voting for it. On page 183, Mr. Prentiss
pioved to increase the price of the public lands above
§1 25 to settlers under this act; it was rejected by a
vote of 27 to 10—Mr. Clay voting for it. The bill
granting pre-emptions finally passed the Senate—Mr.
Clay voting against it.
At the session of 1829, a bill to extend the pre-
emptive provisions of the act of 1838 was brought
forward. It passed by a vote of 26 to 9—Mr. Clay
voting against it. At th,e session of 1840-1, a bill
"was brought forward "to establish a permanent
prospective pre-emption system in favor of all set-
tlers on the public lands who shall inhabit and cul-
tivate the same, and raise a log cabin thereon."
Mr. Clay, after having voted to exclude unnatu-
ralized foreigners from the benefit of its provisions,
in which he failed, finally voted against the bill on
its final passage.—(See p. 78 and 156, Senate jour-
nal, -1840-1.) These are his votes on the question
of granting pre-emptions to settlers on the public
lands. What now are his sentiments on the sub-
ject5 "VVithout undertaking to recount all of his
angry denunciations of-this large and worthy class
of American citizens, I will quote one extract from
a speech made by him on the subject, reported in
the National Intelligencer of the 5th of February,
1838:
"Mr. Tipton. I will repeat, as nearly as I can, what was
said yesterday; and if I go wrong, he [Mr. Clay] can cor-
rect me I understand that he denounced the settlers* on
the lands as a lawless banditti of land robbers, unjustly
grasping at the public treasure.
'•Here Mr. Clay rose and said that he would repeat what
he did say on the occasion referred to by the honorable
senator from Indiana. (o^He did say that the SQUAT-
TERS on the public lands were a LAWLESS KABBLK;
that thev might a& well SliIZE UPON OUR FORTS, OUK
ARSENALS, OR ON THE PUBLIC TREASURE, as to
rush out and seize on the public lands/'
These are a few of the evidences of the love of
Mr. Clay for settlers. Is it to be supposed now,
that any free and chivalrous people would aid in
elevating such a man to the highest office in the gift
of the nation? Surely not. It would imply an in-
sult to their self-respect to suppose so.
If I possessed the skill of my colleague in the fine
arts—if I could rival him in his expertness in the
honorable and dignified art of hitting off the delin-
quencies of statesmen by wooden cuts and steel en-
gravings—I might be tempted to give Mr. Clay's
aberrations on this subject, by such means, the form
and tangibility of life. They would furnish an ad-
mirable and striking design for a picture; and if my
colleague should again undertake to exercise his
transcendent genius m this line, 1 would recommend
that he adopt it. There would be Mr. Clay and
the settler in front view—Mr. Clay dressed in the
costume of senatorial dignity, with powdered wig
and flowing robes, with flashing eye and frowning
front, armed with club in hand, giving utterance to
his indignation, by anathematizing the lawless in-
truder—the land pirate; and there would be the
doomed settler, standing at his plough-handles, be-
tween two corn-rows iis his little field, surrounded
c
by the towering forest, looking back in surprise and
terror; and in the back ground there would be "my
man Charles," "fat and comfortable, dressed in gor-
geous livery, looking on with complacency; and in
the distance there would be the squatter's humble
cabin, and the good wife sheltered by its homely
roof, plying the shuttle of.W loom.
All together it would be a grand conception—for
unity, hannony, and fidelity of purpose, it would be
unsurpassed. I therefore recommend it-to my col-
league as furnishing a sublime subject for the dis-
play of his peculiar genius.
This, sir, is a brief and hasty review of the polit-
ical' career of Mr. Clay.' He is now an aspirant for
the presidency, and it remains to be, seen what will
be the judgment of the country upon his preten-
sions. In 1824 and 1832, he was a candidate for
the same office, and was defeated. In 1840, he so-
licited the nomination of his own party for the same"
office, and it was refused him. Twice he has been
rejected by the nation, and once by his own friends;
and now, without having cast off the slough of twen-
ty years' transgression—with the leprosy of his po-
litical heresies still adhering to him—he presents him-
self again for his final condemnation.
- SPEECH OF MR. HARDIN,
OF ILLINOIS.
In the House of Representatives, March. 21, 1844—Review-
ing the public life and political principles of Mr. Van Bu«
ren.
Mr. Speaker: The precedent which was set on yesterday
by the honorable gentleman from New York, [Mr. Stet-
son,] in confining his Temarks to a defence of Mr. Van Bu-
ren, and not alluding to the question before the House, I
consider worthy of all imitation; and as the same course
was pursued a few days since by a member from Ohio, [Dr.
Duncan,] I shall "follow in the footsteps of my illustrious
predecessors," without once referring to the mock Dorr
trial which some warm-blooded and light-headed gentlemen
are endeavoring to get up in this House, further than to
say, that the illustrious hero of Chepatchet, who is equally
celebrated for his mighty feats in issuing grandiloquent
proclamations and swift running, is now on trial in Rhode
island for oft'encos alleged to have been committed against
that State,'! am not willing to grant him a change of venue
to this House, as I know we have enough other business be-
fore us, without sending for Governor Dorr and trying to
discover whether he is more hero than racer.
With this summary disposition of the Dorrite question, I
will read the following rebolution, which will be found in
a recent number of the Albany Argus, (Mr. Van Buren's
New York organ,) which was recently passed at- a meeting
of "The Young Men's Van Buren's Association of Troy,"
New York.
"Resolved, That in Martin Van Buren we recognise a
faithful manifestation of democracy, and an exemplar of
our principles, in and through whom there has been a mu-
tuality of benefits. Democracy has made him what he is,
and he in turn hasreflected an added lustre upon democra-
cy."
Taking this as my text, I shall proceed to examine the
public life of this "manifestation of democracy," and shall
illustrate the invaluable public services of this "exemplar
of democratic principles" by a reference to facts and to au-
thenticated and indisputable documents, which will per-
fectly daz'/le his friends aud the nation with the "added lus-
tre he has reflected \ipon democracy "
CONGRESSIONAL CAUCUS OF 1824-
I shall begin by culling attention to the course pursued
by Mr. Van Buren in the congressional caucus of 18-i4,
which nominated Mr. Crawford lor President.
It is well known that the congressional caucus of IBIrt
had created mitch heart-bunmig in the republican iauks,
although there was a very general concurrence in the par-
ty in supporting Mr. Monroe. In 1«24, this feeling had
gained strength very genetalij* in the republican party, and
throughout the Union; and some ol the State Legislatures,
as in Tennessee, had passed resolutions condemning it.
Several most distinguished men wcie then presented by
theii lriends. for the presidential chair, amongst whom weie
Mr. Adams, Mr. Crawlord, General Jackson, and Mr. Clay.
It was generally know n and admitted at Washington, that
two-thirds of thcmembeis of Congress of the republican
party were opposed to any congressional caucus. Not-
withstanding this diversity of opinion a porj^rn ofthe mem-
bers of Congress friendly to Mr. Crawford determined to
hold a caucus, and this caused a remonstrance against their
proceedings by other members. The result of this state of
things was, that two noticcs were published on the same
day in the National Intelligencer, (which will be found in
Niles's Register of Februaiy 14. 1824.)—one calling a meet-
ing of the members of Congress to nominate a candidate for
President, and the other being a lemonstrance against any
such meeting. This last paper, which is signed by twenty-
four members, amongst whom aie R. M. Johnson. J. H. Ea-
ton, R. Y. Hayne, S. D. Ingham, Thomas Metcalfe, and J. R.
Poinsett, after stating that they had been requested to ascer-
tain the wishes of their fellow-members of Congress on this
subject, concludes as follows:
"Jn compliance with this request, they have obtained
from gentlemen representing the several States satisfacto-
ry inlormation, that of two hundred and sixty-one, the
whole number of members composing the present Congress,
there are one hundred and eighty-one who deem it inexpedi
ent, under existing circumstance, to meet m caucus for the
purpose of nominating candidates for President and Vice
President of the United States, and they have good reason to
believe that a portion of the remainder will be found unwil-
ling to attend such a meeting."
Aecording.tothe National-Intelligencer and Niles'sSegis-
ter, February' 21st,JS24/-there wefre aMhis"time_twob$rfc fc
•dred and sixteen republican members'in Congress-. ..Not-
withstanding this remonstrance, the.friends of Mr..Cra\vford
met in solemn caucus on the 14th of "February, 1834;- -and*
after being organized, werefound. to number "only sixty-six.
Mr. Markley, of Pennsylvania, offered a preamble andt reso-
lution to adjourn'the meeting to a subsequent day,, en'ac-
c'Gu nt of the absence of so many republican member^; and
he. further stated, that there was shortly to be a ctfn relation
in Pennsylvania, from which he desired ""-to hear,: before
itfakjng any nomination. This course would appear^hofch
just and democratic, inasmuch, as' there were ie.ss than a
third of the republican members of Congress present; and
less than a fourth of the wliole nufober. But, sir. this fair
proposition was opposed and voted down; and who sixouid
take the lead in this course, but that "exemplar-of demo-
cratic principles," Mr. Van Buren- He made a- speech
against the resolution, (which will be found in'Niles' Re-
gister, February 21st, 1824,) from which i will read a few
extracts:
"But believing- that the adoption of the resolution would
be injurious, he was constrained to oppose it.*'
* , * * * * * *
"Nothing certainly could be more desirable or important
than the approving voice of the great patriotic State of
Pennsylvania; but their approbation could be expressed, as
well and as efficiently after as before the meeting here. *
* * * He could not think that the judgment on the
question they were about submitting to the, people would
or ought to be influenced materially by the number of
which this meeting was composed."
Now, sir, thege sentiments of Mr. Van Buren may be a
"faithful manifestation of democracy,"' as the Troy demo-
crats understand it; but if they are, it must be of the modern
patent Van Buren school, Mr, Van Buren earnestly con-
tends that the number of the meeting would not and ought
not to make any material difference, and in effect asserts
that less than a third of the republican members of Congress
had a right to make a nomination-of President, which would
be binding on the party, and, as a salvo, adds, that if the peo-
ple were not represented by their members-then, "tneir
approbation could be expressed as well and as efficiently
aftei as befoie the meeting."
This, sir, would be considered a most arrogant assump-
tion of the right to dictate to the people in any other man>
but as they are the avowed sentiments ofthe "exemplar
of democratic principles," it is fair, to presume that this is
one of his acts which, m the opinion ofhis friends, has '^re-
flected and added lustre upon, democracy." < ,
^ The caucus proceeded, under the lead of Mr. Van Buren.
w*ho took the most active part in its proceedings, to nomi-
nate Mr. Crawford; and the result was, feat instead of the
people expressing their approbation after "the nomination,
Mr. Crawlord received less than a fourth of the electoral
votes, and his utter defeat was partly owing ;to this attempt
at dictation by Mr. Van Buren and his other-friends.
The excuse which is made for Mr. Van Buren for his
course in 1824, in support ofMr. Crawford, is, thatit.was
the usage of the republican party thus to bring out their
candidates, and that he was too good a democrat ever to
break through the established usages of the party. Sup*
posing this to be as his friends insist, yet what excuse will
they give for his voting in the.caucus for Mr. Crawford,
instead of voting for General Jackson? There is none
whatever, except that he> in common with other friends of
Mr. Crawford, thought this to be a good opportunity of
stifling General Jackson's pretensions, and of putting "the
General under the ban of part) proscription.
But as the excuse is the usage of the party, it may be
well to inquire whether Mr. Van Buren has always bowed
implicitly to the dictation of Congressional caucuses. I
will briefly refresh the recollection of some gentlemen on
this point.
OPPOSITION TO MADISON.
When Mr. Madison's hrst term of service was about expir-
ing, and our difficulties with Great Britain were evidently
approaching a crisis, the large majority of the republican
members ofCongress met in caucus at Washington, on the
18th day of Ma), 1812, (see Niles's Register, May 23, iei2,)
and unanimously nominated James Madison for re-election.
Among those who participated in the 'proceedings of that
meeting, will be found the names of K. 'M. Johnson, Craw-
ford, Calhoun, Clay, Trofip, and Grundy. The nomination
being thus fairly made, the question as to the candidate of
the republican party was .settled authoritatively, according
to the usages of the party. Did Mr. Van Buren support Mr.
Madison then? Ifhywasa republican, and acknowledged
the efficacy of the caucus nominations, and the party usages,
he was bound to do so. We will see. On the 29th day of May,
after a sufficient time had elapsed for the congressional cau-
cus to be known throughout the East, a caucus was held fey
some ofthe members ofthe legislatuie of New York, and De
Witt Clinton was nominated for President. Mi. Van Bin-en
was not then in the legislature; of New York. He was th^i a
candidate for the Senate, and a few days afterwards was
elected over that sterling republican, Edward F. Livingston.
Mr. Van Buren did not take his seat until the legislature
was convened in November, 1812, to elect presidential elect-
ors. In the mean time, events of the utmost impoxtance
had transpired. War had been declared against Great Brit
ian on the 13th day of June, 1S12, and parties had organiz-
ed themselves with reference to being for the war, and
against the war—the federalists generally taking sides
against the war, and the republicans for it. The republi-
cans rallied around Mr. Madison, and the whole energy of
the party was necessary for his support; in that trying hour
when th'e disasters of the commencement of that campaign
were lowering over, the horizon, and were u?ed as-bitter
subjects of reproach to Mr. Madison and his friends. "The
federalists and the peace party united to a man in support
of De Witt Clinton, hoping to draw off some "disaffected
republicans," Just at this crisis, Mr. Van Buren first took
his seat as a senator in New York, and one of the first acts
he was called on to periorm, was to vote ,for presidential
electors. Remember, sir, Mr. Van .Buren had not partici-
pated in the caucus nomination of Mr. Clinton, and was not
bound by the action of the caucus which nominated him,
but was at hherty to follow his own prepossessions Bp.
