CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
itB
fprrieaving to him, as to other Presidents, the power of dis-
bursing the public money for the public service on his own
responsibility. Mr. A., in conclusion, passed a very warm
eulogism on the officers of the navy.
Mr. OWEN next obtained the floor, and said he desired
to say a few w ords on the subject which had been brought
into this debate—the annexation of Texas; which has cer-
tainly a bearing on the bill now before the committee.
Upon that subject they had a great variety ofopinions. From
the quiet Hermitage, they heard the voice of'patriotism
proclaiming this to be the golden moment for the reannexa-
tion of Texas to this Union, which he read as a letter receiv-
ed recently from General Jackson. He also quoted opinions
formerly pronounced by Mr. Clay in favor of annexation,
and edituiiul articles published m the National Intelligencer
on the same subject He also read the third article of the
treaty by which Texas, as a part of Louisiana, became an-
nexed to this Union, ami recommended it to the attention of
gentlemen who occasionally spoke so loudly of the solemn
obligation of treaty contracts.
Mr. MORSE said it was not his design to follow the ex-
ample of the gentleman from Indiana, m discussing the
(Question of the' annexation of Texas. His only object m
rising was to bring back the House to the single point
presented by the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Hers'i;] that amendment did not seem to him to
be so very extraordinary as it did to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Aikixso.w] That gentleman avowed his as-
tonishment that such an amendment should have been offer-
ed, and expressed his indignation at it m the strongest terms.
Now it had struck him with surprise, and he felt no little
indignation that such remarks as had fallen from the gentle-
man from Virginia should have been suffered to pass with-
out rebuke. The President had taken it upon himself to
send a part of the navy of the United States on a foreign
service, not to protect our commerce, but to watch the
movements of Mexico—to see what she proposes to do m
regard to her revolted colony of Texas The President
has sent a portion of the army, too, when the sickly season
was coming on, to consult with the President of Texas. He
asked if this was to be sanctioned by the nation. "What was
it for'7 Was it for the good of the nation? And yet we, said
he, are to sit tamely here and witness this executh e usur-
pation w ithout rebuking it, or else having the rebuke
trowned down by the gentleman from Virginia He heard
with great pleasure the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hale] express his indignation at this executive en-
croachment, and his only regret was that the gentleman
had not spoken out more boldly.
Mexico had told us openly, that if we annexed Texas to
the UnitedJStates, she would consider the act as cause of
war, yet, with a full knowledge of this fact, the executive
had not only made a treaty for the annexation of Texas, but
had sent an armed force to support it. If, said Mr. M., we
are arc to sit quiet under this executive usurpation, the time
will come when the executh e u ill be all 111 all, and Con-
gress will only have to say yea to all he does The gentle-
man from Virginia said that the executive was only carry-
ing out the principles he had often supported on this floor.
He did not know what he had declared on this floor, but if
he had ever advocated such doctrines as he was now carry-
ing out, he was astonished that any many could raise his
voice in his favor.
We have been told, said Mr, M , that the President has
never tampered with members of that House, but what was
he doing all over the country but sending out his agents,
getting up conventions to make himself President. Mr M.
concluded with come comments on the message and docu-
ments in relation to the annexation of Texas.
Mr. BELSER observed that he rose on this occasion to :
discuss the merits of the question; for he was satisfied, upon
reading the amendment, that its object was to strike at
whatever appropriation might be necessary to carry into
execution the treaty of Texas. He would read it for the in-
formation of the House. Mr B. then read it, as follows.
Provided, That no more than one half of the moneys ap-
propriated by this act shall be expended m the naval ser-
vice, or drawn from the treasury previous to the 1st day of
January, 184.1, excepiing the'sums appropriated for im-
provements and necessary repairs of navy yards.
Now, he was ns much opposed to an improper discussion
on that floor as any member within the hearing of his
voice; but he had no doubt that the gentleman, in this
amendment, intended to strike at the treaty, and therefore
he felt himself called on to make some remarks on the sub-
ject. Though the President of the United States had been
introduced into the debate, and though the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Mors*.] might have been astonished at any gen-
tleman's defending him, yet he would rell the gentleman
that when the history of the Fresident ,came to be written
out, and his acts calmly and impaitially icvised by posleii-
ty, judgment would bo pronounced in his favor In re-
gard to the Secretary of State, whom the gentleman spoke
of as the President's Secretary, he would tell the gentle-
man that the Secretary was above his censure. His coun-
try had fixed his character, and the world could not deprive
him of it. The public services of the Secretary of Stnto
had entitled him to a place m the temple of fame; and he
would tell the gentleman from Maine that his denunciitions
could not reach him. Tie had stated that the direct object
of the amendment was to defeat the appropriation by which
this treaty was x<robably to be sustained; and though the}
had been referred, by the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
the able speech of an honorable senator which appeared in
this morning's Globe, yet acknowledging the ability of that
sprcch, he was fully satisfied that the country would not
sustain the positions assumed in it. because there was no
authority m the laws of nations to support them.
Pie cared not whether the territory embraced in the treaty
of annexation was greater now than -when Texas was ceded
to Spam or not The question w had Mexico been able
to support and maintain it by her arms' Had Texas the
right to ffive it awav, and had this government the rieht to
receive it7
After recapitulating the various parties on this question
of annexation, be gave a rapid historical sketch of Ttxas,
her connexion with Mexico, her settlement, and the induce-
ments which led to it, and the subsequent treacheries and
butcheries, which resulted m Texan independence, and its
recognition by the United States and several European
powers.
He next examined the doctrines of government de facto
and. de jure, and contended that Texas was independent
both de facto and de jute, and that, by the law of nations,
she had the right to make the treaty of annexation to the
United States.
He next examined the question of title by right of con-
quest; and, in this view, he cared not whether additional
territory had been added to Texas, since her cession to
Spain by these United States. He sustained his position by
quotations from Vattel; and maintained that, by conquest,
Texas was entitled to all the territory she proposed to bring
within this Union. Hfe likewise quoted the doctrines of
Vattel on the rights ot nations, based on the principle of
self-preservation, and then proceeded to give some reasons
why this government should immediately annex Texas to
the United States, referring to the Edinburgh Review, to the
correspondence of Lord Aberdeen, &c., to show the designs
®f England on the institution of slavery.
His time did not permit him to examine all the advantages
which would arise to this country from annexation. He did
not mean to assert that it would advantage the South. On the
contrary, if they rested this question upon a sordid calcula-
tion of self-interest, they could never consent to the meas-
ure; but they took a wider or more extended view, and re-
garded the question as one of national honor and independ-
ence when arrayed against British aggression. He held the
doctrine that there was no honest man in the Union who
would be unwilling to protect each and every portion of the
Union in the enjoyment of its rights. And if it be necessa-
ry to acquire Texas to prevent a non-slaveholding country
from being erected upon our borders, each and every indi-
vidual was bound by the guaranty given by the frainers of
the constitution to aid and assist.
Mr. GIDDINGS asked the gentleman to permit him to iA
quire whence he derived that doctrine, or where he found
the guaranty he spoke of.
Mr. BELSER said it was to be found in common sense,
common justice, and in the constitution itself. £
It was the interest of all classes—commercial, agricul-
tural, and manufacturing, that Texas should be annexed to
this country; and they are beginning to understand their
true interest; and it would be set forth in tones of thunder
before the question was finally disposed of. Politicians
might try to stifle that voice; but it would be like tossing
straws against the wind.
We claim a proud distinction over other countries, be-
cause we claim to be a go^rnment offreedom—a govern-
ment under which every man may enjoy his own opinion.
Ought they, under such circumstances, to admit Texas jmto
this Union, or not7 He thought the answer was too plain
and palpable to require argument. Suppose Mexico should
choose to go to war: the responsibility would rest with her.
He looked fonvard to the day when he should see the stars
and stripes under which our forefathers marched forward to
victor}, waving over California, Oregon, and Texas.
Mr. GIDDINGS obtained the floor, and moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was negatived on a division—yeas 52, nays
60.
Mr. GIDDINGS then proceeded to address the committee.
His object was to place the question upon its true footing,
to recall the attention of gentlemen to the true issue in ref-
erence to tlus question of annexation. The issue was offi-
cially recorded in the archi\ es of this country, and would
go down to posterity, it was now too late to change that
issue. The true issue was between the continuation of
slavery and perpetuation of that abominable traffic, the
slave trade, and the restoration of freedom. Gentlemen
might attempt to make the issue as they would, they could
not escape from it; and he called on gentlemen to stand up
to the question on its true merits.
The increase of population in the North was giving the
North a preponderance over the South. The balance of
power was about being changed; and he appealed to gentle-
men of the northern and eastern States to say whethpr they
were prepared to surrender up those interests for which
they had so long contended. Were they prepared to place
upon their constituents the burden of the payment of Texan
debts'7 Would gentlemen return to their constituents and
say, Gi\e us the funds to pay the debts of fugitive criminals
in Texas. [A laugh.]
He did not believe that his democratic friends w ould dare
to return to their constituents and ask thorn for the money
to pay the debts of the fugitives m Texas. If they did, the
whigs would beat them m every election. 1-Ie did not be-
lieve, however, that they would One object of the annex-
ation was to fight the battles of Texas. Let his democratic
friends say to their constituents, "It is your duty to march
up and fight the battles of Texas for the purpose of per-
petuating slavery, as Mr. Calhoun avows/' and what will
be their answer7 Another object of the annexation w os to
give a political preponderance to the siaveholding States
over the free States of the North by which they would ride
triumphant over all the prominent interests of the North.
There was another subject he would call to the notice of
his northern friends, and that was, the annexation of Texas
would give to the slaveholders, of that country an interest
in the election of President commensurate with their dent-
ation of human rights—that is, each man that has ihe
slaves w ill have as man} \ oiccs in the election of President
as four northern freemen He would, therefore, say that
any northern freeman who would vote for the annexa-
tion ot Texas would place himself on a level with the
slaves of that country Mr. G contended that the con-
stitution gave no power to the government to annex
a foreign territory to the Union Those who framed
the constitution never gave to any body the power to trans-
fer the freemen of New England to the control of Texan
slaveholders The people of New England were not to he
sold like slaves m the market. Mr. G said he found in the
lemarks of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr Eflsfr] an
assertion that there was a guarantj in the constitution to
protect the sla'te property of the South. This he denied;
and he called on the gentleman to point it out to him. He
would yield him the floor for that purpose. The gentleman
did not answer; and he therefore asserted that there was no
such guaranty. If any other gentleman from the South
could point out such a guaranty, he would be glad if he
would do it.
Mr. CAUS1N said he would answer the gentleman. He
maintained that there was such a guaranty In the constitu-
tion. Property in slaves was recognised in the constitution*
and also by the laws of the several States; and the general
government was bound to protect all the citizens of the
United States in the right to their property.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he would ask the gentleman to tell
him where this was to be found.
Mr. CAUSIN said the. guaranty was to be found in the
clause of the constitution providing for the recapture of fu~
gitive slaves.
Mr. GIDDINGS denied that the clause referred to by the
gentleman from Maryland gave any such guaranty. He
contended that the constitution nowhere spoke of slaves as
property; but that it carefully refrained from speaking of
them as such, and only spoke of them as "persons."
Mr. BELSER said he would ask the gentleman if he in-
tended to vote for a slaveholder as President.
Mr. GIDDINGS replied that he would, if the gentleman
carried out the constitution in its fullest extent, as he be-
lieved he would. He never would make the question of a
man's being a slaveholder a test of his qualifications for the
presidency. If the gentleman from Alabama supposed he
would, he had mistaken his man.
• This government, and he rejoiced that it was so, was
placed in an attitude in which it was divested of all connec-
tion with slavery. They could not abolish slavery in Vir-
ginia without giving just ground of complaint to the citi-
zens of that State, nor could they exercise their power to
perpetuate it in Texas. He regretted that he had not had
more time for preparation on the subject that he might have
arguedit more cogently: but said he had felt called upon to
set some gentlemen right on this subject, as they appeared
to be dodging the question and avoiding the true issue. Hav-
ing made some further remarks,
Mr. PAYNE rose to ask the gentleman from Ohio a ques-
tion; and he said he wished the reporters to take it down.
About two years ago, or perhaps within a less period, there
was a man named Torrey, who brought a wagon and team
to this District, and who was deemed a negro stealer. He
did steal some negroes, and was stealing others: but they
were arrested, Torrey making his escape, with tne loss of
his wagon and team. Subsequently, it was said, a member
on that floor claimed that wagon and team on behalf of Tor-
rey, and he (Mr. Payne) now asked the gentleman from Ohio
wnat interest he had in the property of that negro stealer?
Mr. GIDDINGS (after a pause) said he could not re-
ceive anything on that floor in the nature of an insult.
Mr. PAYNE called upon the gentleman from Ohio to an-
swer his question; and remarked, that if he would not, a
committee ought to be appointed to inquire into the facts.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he had been too much accustomed
to this '-overseerism."
Mr. PAYNE said a man that would deceive his own party,
could not be made ashamed anywhere.
The CHAIRMAN called the gentleman to order.
Mr. GIDDINGS then declared, in unequivocal terms, be-
fore God, that this was the first time he had heard of the
circumstance mentioned by the gentleman from Alabama,
or that any member on that floor had any connexion with
any such transaction. He said he made this explanation,
not for the gentleman from Alabama, but for the House,
and for manv gentleman there whom he respected.
He then went on to speak of the correspondence of the
Secretary of State in i elation to the annexation of Texas,
in which he said the free people of this Union were repre-
sented as being solicitous for annexation, for the purpose of
maintaining the infamous traffic in human flesh and blood.
Such a representation was a base slander on the people of
the free States, and even in the South there were those—
and with one he had very recently conversed—who looked
with horror on the exension of the inhuman traffic.
Mr. BURT desired to know if the member from Ohio
meant to say that the Secretary of State had done, or was
capable of doing, anything base.
Mr. GIDDINGS expressed some astonishment at the
question.
Mr. BURT, (with much warmth.) That was your lan-
guage, sir.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (somewhat embarrassed.) This south'
ern dialect I don't understand.
Mr. BURT. Do you understand your own language,
sir7
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and called the gentlemen to
order.
Mr. GIDDINGS replied that he had said that, to repre-
sent the people of the free States as being desirous to main-
tain the traffic in human flesh and blood—a traffic which
they had denounced as piracy—was slander. That
was what he said, and he knew well w h&rlH*$ajd. He still
said it. He said it, m the name of all the StT& >*wiyth of
Mason and Dixon's line, that such a representation w as *
slander—a base slander; before the whole civilized world
he denied that any such feeling existed there.
He then proceeded to notice a refutation of an error
in the sixth census, by a negro man named Smith, on
which error the Secretary of State had relied in his corres-
pondence, to show that slavery was better than freedom for
the negro race. He said that one of the errors in the census
was the return of «ixty-three insane negroes m certain dis-
tiietv of Ohio, where no such number of negroes of all
rlnc«e?; could be found. He was continuing to speak on
this subject, when the falling of the Chairman's mallet
announced the expiration of his hour.
Mr. CAUSIN briefly addressed the committee on thts
growing dispssition manifested in the northern and eastern
States to disregard their constitutional obligations to th<i
south in relation to futfiti\e slaves.
The committee then rose and reported progress
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved a reconsideration of the vote-
by which the House had postponed to Monday next the mo-
tion to print the report of the Committee of Elections, with
the view of calling it up to-morrow.
After some conversation, the motion to reconsider was
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr McKAY moved that all debate in the Committee oi*
the Whole House on the state of the Union on House bifl
No 6-2 shall cease at 2 o'clock on Wednesday, the 25th iiv
