614
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
etant, (if the committee shall not sooner come to a conclu-
sion. upon the same;) and.the committee shall then proceed
to vote on such amendments as may be pending, or offered
to the same, and shall then report it to the House, with such
amendments as may have been agreed to by the committee;
and called the previous question.
yir. MORRIS moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was lost.
lhe demand for the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered to be now put, being on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The demand for the yeas and nays was seconded by 28
votes in the affirmative, and 89 in the negative—taken by
tellers.
'ihe yeas and nays were ordered, and being-taken, result-
ed in yeas 90, nays 44, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Atkinson. Bayley,
Benton, Bi-Uack, James Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bow-
hn. Brinkerhoff, Brodhead, Milton Brown. William J.
Brown, BurKe, Burt, Caldwell, Jeremiah E. Cary,
Shepherd Cary, Augustus A. Chapman, Cobb, Cullom,
Darnel, Richard D. Davis, John \V\ Davis, Dillingham,
Douglas3, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dunlap, Elmer, tarlee,
ibickiin, By ram Green, Hamlin, Hammet, Herrick, Hoge,
Houston, riubard, Hughes, James B. Hunt, Cave John-
son, Preston King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard, Lu-
cas Lumpkin, .\icCauslen, Maclay, McClernand, McCon-
nell, .McKay, Mathews, Joseph Morris, Murphy, Norris,
Parmenter, Payne, Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, David S.
Reid, Reding. Reife, Roberts, Robinson, Russell, St. John,
Thos. H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons, John T.
Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stetson; John Stewart,
Stiles, Stone, Strong, Sykes, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker,
Weller, Wentworth, Williams, Woodward, and Yost—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Baker, Barringer, Belser,
Edward J. Black, Brengle, Jeremiah Brown, Carroll, Cat-
lin, Causin, Clir.gman, Cranston, Deberry, Dickey, Fish,
Foot, Giddmgs, Ooggin, Hardin, Holmes, Hudson, Wash-
ington Hunt, Joseph li. Ingcrsoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B.
Jounson, Andrew Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P.
King, Mcllvaine, Edward J. Morns, Morse, Patterson, Rod-
ney, Rogers, Schenck, Severance, Caleb B. Smith, Andrew
Stewart, Summers, Tilden, andWhite—44.
Mr. C. JOHNSON desired to move to take up a bill that it
might stand first on the order.
Air, PAYNE inquired if it would be in order for him to
make a statement to the House touching its order and dig-
nity
ihc SPEAKER said it would not be in order.
^r, PAYNE said he questioned whether it had much of
rr'ier.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were handed
to the reporters by the members presenting them:
Py Mr. HOGE: The petition and papers of Loring Snow:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. The petition of
Ot s G Welch, A. O Pearce, and (59 others, citizens of the
State of Illinois, asking the establishment of a mail route
from Monmouth. Warren county, Illinois, via Berwick,
Greenbush. Woodville, Ellisville, and Centervilie, to Illus-
ion, Fulton county, in said State of Illinois: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. HARPER: The memorial of H.J. Cox and 27
others, of /anesville, Ohio, remonstrating against an
international copyright law.
By Mr. LABRANt'UE: The petition of George Laidsner,
of Louisiana, praying that his tract of land he confirmed, or
hr- improvements paid for: referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
By \ r. TIBBATTS: The memorial of the heirs of Cap-
tain John Mountjoy, deceased, of the State of Kentucky,
paying thru the commutation for tlve years'full pay of a
capU.u 1m- paid to them with lawful interest thereon: refer-
red to the < ommittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Py Mr. MA< LAY* The petition of Harriet McAlixter and
Emily Jloyt ioi a pension: relerrcd to the Committee on
Ticvolut)0''fi) j Pcn-jjoar..
By \ii. <" U-.Y. of \?uine: The petition of Alfred J Stone
and others, chkens of Maine, in knox of the annexation of
Zy Mr HATS' The petition of Dm id Carlyle, praying
r< moderation foi the service^ of his fuller, Ebene/er Car-
lyle, a soldier of the levolution. 1 lie petition of Polly
Thomas, widow of Cah,b Thomas, a re\ oiutionary soldier,
pri} in'" fnr .•o?'t;m!atioii of pension. The petition of En-
ema Paniels, widow of Da-vid Daniels, piaymg for a pen-
sion in eonr.iiViatJOii of the sen ice-; ol her husband m the
revolutionary war. The petition nnd documents of Lucy
Xoore, w:dow of James Moore, a revolutionary soldier,
pr.iv.ng compensation for the services of her husband in
tiif iev i)]i! fjois <r\ w.ir. The petition of Abigail Taylor,
v,idnw oi (J'^d T?>j lor, a soldier of (ar> revolution, prajmg
for a pension: referred to the Committee on Revolutionax J"
iv.vuons.
By Mr CALDWELL. The petition of James Farris, of
Casey coiury. Kenluckv, asking an allowance for services
in the revolutionary w ar, and nn Indian spy: referred to
the Committee nn Revolutionary Pension*.
I.N SENATE.
VrFDNKiAV, May 22 1844
^Mr HTTNTINGT'^N7 presented sundrj resolutions adopt,
ed at a meeting of the citi/ens of Hartford, Connecticut, re-
-uiomtratmg nnd decidedly protesting against the annexa-
t.o'i oi To\: n k, tho United M-nos: ordered to lie on the
table.
_.vh-n presented a communication from citizens of Buffalo,
New a nrk, having relation to one of the items in the hill
makiug appropriations to certain harbors of the United
States: ordered to lie on the table, the bill now being before
the Senate.
_ Iv BERRIEN presented the proceedings and the resolu-
tions adopted by & meeting of the citizens of Chatham coun-
ty, ueorgia, without distinction of party, favorable to the
annexation of Texas to the United States: ordered to lie on
2t.e table.
Mr. HIVES presented the proceedings of a public meeting
of the county of Wythe, Virginia, in favor of the annexa-
tion of Texas to the United States: ordered to lie on the
table.
Also a memorial from a large number of the citizens of
Kenawha county, Virginia, remonstrating against any
change in the existing tariff: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented a petition from Moses Spring-
er and others, of Maine, praying indemnity for trench
spoliations prior to 1SOO: referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.'
CANCELLED TREASURY NOTES.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the previou 5 orders of the day-
were postponed, and the Senate took up for consideration as
in committee of the whole the bill to provide for the pay-
ment of evidences of public debt in certain cases.
Mr. E. remarked that the bill provided for the re-
demption of those treasury notes which were stolen and
put in circulation, after being ordered for cancellation. He
did not think any further explanation of n was necessary,
as the bill sufficiently explained itself. Its provisions had
been examined with great care by the Committee on Fi-
nance: and they had met with the concurrence of the Treas-
ury Department.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs was discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of Richard A. Gilpin, concerning his plan for the
construction of a dry-dock; the memorial of John H. Roe-
bling, asking an appropriation to test the efficiency of wire
rope, invented by him. Also from two memorials of Peter
"Wan Schmidt, praying an appropriation to enable him to
make certain experiments for the preservation of timber,
and relating to his plan for a pneumatic dry-dock.
Mr. BAGBY submitted the following resolution, which
lies one day on the table under the rule, viz:
RetoHtd. That after this week, the Senate will meet daily
at 11 o'clock, a. m.
ARMY RETRENCHMENT BILL.
On motion by Mr BARROW, the previous orders of the
day were postponed, and the Senate took up for considera-
tion, as in committee of the whole, the bill regulating the
pay of the army of the United States, and forotherpurposes:
the question pending being on the report of the Committee
on Mili.ary Affairs, recommending the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
Mr. BARROW said it was very necessary that the Senate
should act upon this bill promptly, because the bill was now
before the Committee oil Finance, making appropriations
for the pay of the army, and some amendments would be
wanted if the action of'the Senate upon this bill should be
such as the Committee on Military Aftairs recommended.
The bill providing for the support of the army, as it came
from the House of Representatives, appropriated a sum of
money for that purpose, contemplating the passage of this
bill, and it would be necessary for the Senate, if it sustained
the Committee on Military Affairs in their recommenda-
tion for the indefinite postponement of this bill, to increase
that appropriation in the army appropriation bill The
chairman of the Committee on Finance informed him this
morning that it was very necessary that that bill should be
speedily acted upon.
Mr. ATHEliTON called for the yeas and nays on the
motion to postpone indefinitely, and they were ordered.
Mr. BAGBY desired to have the bill read.
Mr. BARROW presumed it was hardly necessary to have
the bill read. It was a bill passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, reducing the pay of officers of the army. The
Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate saw no reason
for its passage; and after the most caieinl examination of
the subject, they objected to the bill itself, to its principles,
and to its provisions m detail. It was not designed that a
discussion should take place, he believed, upon this bill,
unless some gentlemen who was anxious for its passage,
should advocate it, and make discussion necessary, lhe
committee had it under consideration for a long time, and
gave it full and deliberate investigation. They had come
to the conclusion that such a bill ought not at this time to
be passed, and therefore recommended its indefinite post-
ponement.
The bill wos read through by the secretary of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. TAPP\X was of opinion that, this being a bill of
great importance, upon which the House of Representa-
tives had bestowed much attention and labor, ii v as due to
it that some consideration of its merits should precede a
motion of indr fin«te postponement. He had not had time
himseh io look into it, and he was sure other scnatois
w ould say the same. It was a question of retrenchment,
and certainly ought to have been referred to the Committee
on Retrenchment It was desirable to hear the opinion of
the chairman of that committee on the subject. With a
view of having time to consider the host disposition of the
matter, he should move to lay the bill on the table for the
present.
Mr. McPUFFIE susj'zested to the senator from Ohio the
propriety of referring the bill at once to the Committee on
Retrenchment.
Mr. TAPPAN said he would adopt the suggestion of the
senator from South Carolina, and alter his motion from that
of laying the bill on the table to that of referring it to the
Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr WHITE (.occupying the chair temporarily) observed
that the motion w as not in order, the question of indefinite
postponement having precedence.
Mr. ATHERTON contended that if the practice of the
Seintle was similar to that of the House of Representatives,
the motion wa«< in order.
Mr WHITE (in the chair; decided that, according to the
rules of the Senate, the motion ol indefinite postponement,
unless withdrawn, would have precedence.
Mr. HUNTINGTON did not think there was occasion
for discussion oropposition. the object which the committee
had in view having been explained by the senator from
Louisiana, which was simply to obtain a test vote of the
Senate, that the Committee on Finance might be enabled to
estimate the amendments necessary to make to the general
army appropriation bill. The necessity for some immediate
disposition of that bill had been pointed out; but none could
now be made till the sense of the Senate was known in re-
gard to the retrenchment bill. It had been reported to the
Senate long since by the Committee on Military Affairs ad-
versely and gentlemen had had ample time for examining
into its merits, and making up their minds as to supporting
it or not. If, however, any senator wanted more time for
consideration, he should not object to a short delay—for in-
stance, a postponement till to-morrow. He hoped, how-
ever, the test question would now be allowed to be put
Mr BREESE understood the question before the Senate
was on concurring in the report of the Committee on Mill*
tary Affairs for the indefinite postponement of the bill. If
so. it certainly appeared to him to be in order to move to
lay that report on the table, or refer it to the Committee on
Retrenchment.
Mr. ARCHER did not understand either of the motions
offered by the senator Irom Ohio as evincing any dispose
tion to postpone the subject. Ihc vote would be a tesfrvote
on the motion to refer the bill to the Committee on Re*
trenchmet. If that motion failed, the vote would recur on
the motion of indefinite postponement. He hoped the sen-
ator from Ohio would persist in his motion, and let the dis«
position of the Senate be ascertained on it.
Mr. WHITE (in the chair) decided that the motion was
not in order.
Mr. BAGBY hoped the motion of indefinite postponement
would not prevail. The question of retrenchment was not
the only question for consideration of the bill. It contained
a principle of great importance, in one of ite provisions—the
abolition of corporal punishment in the army. This was a
matter of grave consideration. He hoped the motion for
mdejiimte postponement would not prevail.
Mr. McDUFFIE was sure the Senate was not prepared to
reject, on such a summary matter, so important a measure
as this, without even momentary consideration. The peo-
ple of the United States, during the presidential canvass of
1S40, had been encouraged to believe that, in the great
contest between the two rival parties, was involved
the issue of this very question of retrenchment—each
party denouncing the other for extravagance, and each par-
ty promising reform in case of success That issue was now
to be tested, and the very first measure of retrenchment
proposed—in a bill introduced in another branch of Con-
gress after grave and mature deliberation, and to his
knowledge sanctioned by a large portion of the officers of
the army themselves—is to be rejected, like an unconstitu-
tional petition, without a moment's consideration. I'e de-
sired to know—it was due to the people that they should
know—who was opposed to retrenchment when put to the
test; and. therefore, he should call for the yeas and nays.
The CHAIR stated that the yeas and nays had been before
called for and ordered.
Mr. BARROW would not detain the Senate, on this oc-
casion, by presenting to it the considerations which in-
fluenced him and, he believed, influenced the Committee on
Military Affairs in making an adverse report upon this bill.
If it was intimated, however, on the other side of the House,
or on any side, that it was the wish or desire of the Senate
to discuss the principles of the bill, or its details, he thought
that the Committee on Military Affairs would be found
ready to answer every argument that might be advanced by
gentlemen on this floor in favor of it. The reason why he
made the motion to postpone it indefinitely, and why he
deprecated discussion, was this: He was perfectly satisfied
that a large majority of the Senate were prepared to sustain
his motion. That being his conviction, and knowing that
every senator had made up his mind upon this subject, (be-
cause it was not a new one, having been in the other
branch of Congress for a long time, and the atten-
tion of every senator having been directed to it,) he had
submitted the motion to postpone it indefinitely. It had
been before the Senate for sometime. It had been before
the Committee on Military A trairs, and was there examined
with impartiality and deliberation; and it was the delibe-
rate judgment ol the committee that it ought not to pass. As
to this question of retrenchment, aBout which there had
been so much public discussion, and which v:as the sub-
ject of mutual crimination and recrimination between the
two great political parties—one party ever accusing the
oiher of extravagance, and making promises of retrench-
ment—it did not. in the opinion of the committee, come be-
fore them in considei ing this bill.
What did the lull propose to do? What, according to the
report emanating from the Committee on Military Aftairs of
the other House, did that committee profess to have in
uewJ They professed that it was nectssaryto change
the mode of paying officers of the army, to give them a
fixed salary, instead of perquisites as well as a salary.
They professed also to equalize the pay of the officers of
the army. They professed further to reduce their pay.
One of these objects, it was true., they had accomplished by
the passage of this bill They had reduced the pay; but
they had entirely foiled in accomplishing the other two ob-
jects. The simple reduction of the pay of officers of the ar-
my was of \ er\ doubtful policy. This bill neither equal-
ized the pay, nor was it a salary bill merely. - He was pre-
pared to demonstrate these tw o propositions, bv a reference
to the provisions of the bill, a:id there was, therefore, but
one point to contest—the retrenchment part. The honora-
ble Senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDcFriEj was the
last person he expected to hear advocate, at this particular
time, a proposition of retienehment in that branch of the
public service. This was not a time to be tampering with
the army—neither was it a tune to reduce^either its num-
bers, or the compensation of its officers. From the eviden-
ces around us. it would not surprise the American people,
that we should be called upon to increase the army;^and,
in a time of war, it was usual to increase the pay of officers
as w ell as soldiers.
He did not intend, at this time, unless it was forced upon
him, to detain the Senate, by going into an elaborate dis-
cussion ot the principles invoh ed in this bill and its details.
It was peculiarly objectionable upon both grounds—the
principles and details. He was perfectly satisfied that it
was the decided sense of a majority ol this Senate that the
bill should be indefinitely postponed. That being his con-
viction, and as the session was about to terminate, he hoped
