March, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJB.
28tji Gong 1st Sess.
Principles of Mr: Van Bur en—Mr. Hardin.
H. of Reps.
" In making a speech against the Dismal Swamp Canal, on
the 16th May, 1825, Mr. Van Buren said:
"life would riot vote for the bill, forhe did not believe that
this government possessed the constitutional power to make
these canals, or to grant money to make them." * * * *
" "As to tjbe question (of constitutionality) being settled,
he should protest against the admission of such a doctrine;
andrhe should resist, to all intents and purposes, the idea '
that the acts of this Congress were to bind him and his con-
stituents hereafter."—Holland's Life of Van Buren,p. 264.
- Mr. Holland,- in his life of his friend, Mr. Van Buren, page
268, after giving the above extracts, and also Mr. Van Bu-
ren's letter to the Shocco 'Springs Committee, closes the
chapter with these remarks:
"These extracts, it will be noticed, go further than the
veto message on the Maysville road, and assumes the
ground afterwards adopted by the Pesident, that, even for
purposes which might be deemed of a national character, no
aperopriation ought to be made without a previous amend-
meat of the constitution."
We have thus seen that Mr. Van Buren, in his theory, is
a strict constructiQnist, and assumes to belong to the
"straight-jacket school." let, true to his chameleon char-
acter, he cannot act this out even in the Senate. On 3d May,
1822, on- the passage of a bill to authorize the government
to put up toll-gates on the national road, without the assent
ofthe States through which it parsed, he voted for it. This
has always been considered one of the boldest assumptions
of power by Congress, and it was considered so ultra by
President Monroe, that he vetoed it.
The work of Mr. Holland, from which I have quoted the
constitutional objections of Mr. Van Buren to all internal
improvements, was published by his particular personal
anu political friend, far the purpose of aiding his election,
by giving a history of his life, and its truth and accuracy
were endorsed by" the Globe, Albany Argus, Baltimore
Republican, Pennsylvanian, and other leading locofoco pa-
pers.
"When Mr. Van Buren came into power, there was a ma-
jority of his friends in both branches of Congress, and of
course we -might expect to see this s> stem of internal im-
provements pjit down. But this was far from taking place
immediately. The system had too stronghold on public
confidence "to be attacked boldly and manfully. Accord-
ingly, we find the first Congress under Mr. Van Buren, in
1838, making the large appropriation of $2,099,618, for works
of internal improvement, all which were sanctioned by
Mr. Van Buren. . (See Doc. 31, 1st session 27th Congress.)
Here is a list of some of the appropriations, and it is not a
little curious to see how they compare with others which
he and his friends had so bitterly opposed on grounds of
both unconstitutionality and expediency. (See Laws U. S.,
1838.) -
For the continuation of the Cumberland, road in
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois -- - - $450,000
For the improvement of the Hudson river, above
and below Albany ----- 100,000
For the Cumberland river .... 20,000
For the Ohio, Mississippi, and Missouri rivers • 140,000
For the improvement of Arkansas river, (Arkan-
sas then being a State) ... - 40,000
' For improving the natural channels at the north-
ern and southern entrances of the Dismal
Swamp canal - .. - . - 10,000
It is beyond the ingenuity of man to reconcile Mr, Van
Buren's approval of these appropriations, with his previous
constitutional objections. . There is one way of accounting
,for 'it satisfactory, and those who have studied Mr. Van
Buren's political history,will be at*no loss to appreciate the
" suggestion, that his constitutional scruples were never
known to interfere with his action, when policy forbade it.
The truth is, there is no reason to believe that Mr. Van
Buren ever was friendly to any of these improvements,
upon which his partisans were then bestowing so much
money. But he was already looking iorward to a re-elec-
tion, and to veto these appropriations would have injured
his political prospects in the West. He the info rc quieted
his-constitution qualmishnnecs, by consideringThat "the end
to be effected justified the means." As an evidence that
Mr. Van Buren was actuated by no friendly feelings for
these works, we find that subsequently, during his admin-
istration, all further appropriations for these purposes were
stopped; and what gave evidence of a hostility to the whole
system, and an intention to abandon it, altogethei, were the
■ orders which were issued by the departments, under which
the dredging machines in the harbors and rivers, and the
carts, spades, and other implements ot the government, on
the Cumberland road, were sold by the officers ofthe gov-
ernment for a mere trifle. Such is a specimen of Mr. Van
Buren's love for the West. And such has been his course
upon the subject of internal improvement, that, were hr
again elected, no man can tell whether his constitutional
scruples, or policy, would have the ascendency in his ac-
tion. Would it not be well for his friends, who call him "a
northern man with southern principles," to add the addi-
tional soubriquet, that "he is a strict constructionist with
latitudinarian practices?''
PUBLIC LANDS.
In his letter to Sherrod Williams, Mr. Van Buren repeats
what he had written to some of his friends in New Vork, a
yearhefore:
"In respect to the public lands I need only observe, that I
regard the public domain as a trust fund belonging to all
the States, to be disposed ofior their common benefit Am-
ple authority is for that purpose conferred onCongics*, by
on express provision of the^pnstilution "
- After thus admitting, in the broadest terms, that the pub-
lic lands are a trust fand held by Congress, as a trustee, to
be disposed offer the benefit of all the States, it would be
considered surprising and inconsistent m any body eke. to
hear him expressing the following opinions m the same let-
ter: ,
"The disposition ofthe public lands proposed by the b'll
to which GeneralJackson refused his assent, (the land bill
to "distribute the proceeds amongst the States,) was. m my
opinion, highly objectionable."
* * * * * *
"I am of opinion that the avails of the public lands will
be more faithfully and equitably applied to the common ben-
efit of the United States, by their continued application to
the general wants of the treasury, than by any other'mode
that has yet been suggested; and that such an appropriation
is, in every respect, preferable, to the distribution thereof
amongthe States, in the manner your question proposes.
Entertaining these views, J cannot give you any encourage-
ment that I will, in the eventofmy election to the presiden-
cy, favor that policy.''
This hostility to the distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands, is reiterated-by Mr. Van Buren, in his letter of
Februarv, 1843, to the Indiana committee. And his views
evince the gross injustice, not to say the absurdity, of per-
mitting a trustee, after the payment of the trust debt, (the
revolutionary debt.) for the liquidation of which the fund
had been placed in the trustee's hands, to use the trust funds
for his own peculiar benefit, instead of distributing it
amongst those to whom it is admitted it rightfully belongs
PRE-EMPTION LAWS.
This is a subject of some interest to us in the West. Mr.
Van Buren, in speaking upon this subject, in his message of
December 5th, 1S37, says:
"If the public lands are to be considered as open to be oc-
cupied by any, they should, by law. be thrown open to all.
That which is intended, in all instances, to be legalized,
should at once be made legal, that those who are disposed to
conform to the laws may enjoy at least equal privileges with
those who are not. But it is not believed to be the dispo-
sition of Congress to open the public lands to occupancy,
without regular entries and payment of the government
price; as such a course must tend to worse evils than the
credit system, which it was found necessary to abolish. It
would seem, therefore, to be the part of wisdom and sound
policy to remove, as far as practicable, the causes which
produce intrusions upon the public lands, and then take ef-
ficient steps to prevent them in future." *** *•+
"Entertaining these views, 1 recommend the passage of a
pre-emption law for their benefit, in connectionwith the pre-
paratory steps toward the graduation ofthe price of the pub-
lic lands, and further and more eft'ectual provisions to pre-
vent intrusion hereafter."
Now, if this language has any meaning, it is that, as
the settlers on the public lands, at that time, had reason to
believe they would be permitted to have pre-en?ptions,
Congress should pass a law for their benefit; but as the en-
try upon the public lands was illegal, and could not be in-
tended to be-countenanced by Congress, further provision
should be made to prevent settlers from "intrusions" there-
after. The recommendation was not intended for the gen-
eral benefit of settlers, who might settle on the public lands
thereafter, but it was intended to keep them oft the public
lands, whilst a single law was to be passed for those then
residing on them.
It is nothing paore than justice to the last whig Congress
to say, that the first prospective pre-emption law (as it is be-
lieved) which ever was enacted, was passed by that body;
which, whilst it regards the interests of the government, at
the same time protects and does justice to the hardy pioneer
ofthe West.
MR. VAN BUREN'S FRIENDSHIP FOR THE WEST.
It is claimed for Mr. Van Buren that he is peculiarly friend-
ly to the people of the West. If it had not been said so,
every man would conclude, from his letters and writings,
that he is filled with most bitter hostility to the West. Here
are some of his votes, while Mr. Van Buren was a senator,
taken from the journals of the Senate:
"April 22, 1829. On the third reading of the bill 'to grad-
uate the price of the public lands, to make donations there-
of to actual settlers, and to cede the refuse thereof to the
States in which they lie,' the vote stood—ayes 21, nays 25—
Mr. Van Buren voting in the negative.
"May 24, 1829 On the third reading of a bill, entitled
(An act to aid the State of Ohio in extending the Miami ca-
nal from Dayton to Lake Erie"—yeas 25, nays 13— Mr. Van
Buren voted in the negative.
"May 10,1826. On the third reading of a bill 'to grant a
certain quantity of land to the State of Illinois, for the pur-
pose of aiding in opening a canal to connect the waters of
the Illinois river with those of Lake Michigan'—yeas 17,
nays 17—Mr. Van Buren voted in the negative, and the bill
was rejected by the casting vote oi the Vice President, John
C. Calhoun
"May 19. On the third reading of 'An act to improve the
navigation of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers'—yeas 25. nays
20—Mr. Van Buren voted in the negative
"Makch 20, ls26 On motion of Mr Cobb to strike out
the appropriation of $>0,000, 'lor delraymg the expenses in-
cidental to making examination*, surveys, 8cc , preparatory,
and in aid of the formation of roads and canals'—ayes 13,
nays 19—Mr. Van Buren voted in the affirmative.
"April 22, 1S26 On the passage of the 'bill to authorize
a subscription for stock, on the part of the United States, in
the Louisville and Portland Canal Company'—ayes 20, naj s
15—Mr. Van Buren voted m the negative.
"May 15, 1826. Mr. Van Burr-n made a spoech against the
hill to authorize the United States to subscribe stock in the
Dismal Swamp Canal Company —Holland's Life of Van
Buren, 263
12, ls-2G. On the postponement, beyond the ^e<;-
sion. of a hill 'to establish collection districts in the States
ot Kentucky, Ohio, Illinois:, and Mi^iiouri,' (which bill
v ould have had the effect o) making ports of entrj hi^h up
on navigable stieams ) - es 21, na\sli—Vir Van Buren
voted m the n?gati\ e.
"Jn.y SO, 1827. On the third reading of 'a bill to author-
i'/e the President of the United ^fates to cause a ror>d to be
opened from Fort South, in Arkansas (then a Territory,) to
Natchitoches, m Louisiana'—yeas 17, na; s m0—Mr V<m Bu-
ren voted m the negative.
"March 1, 182/. On laying on the table the bill !to au-
thorize the laj ing out and opening of certain roads m the
Territory of Michigan'—yea-, 23, nays 14—Mr. Van Buren
voted in th« afiirmative.
'• July 17. 1827. On the third reading of a bill 'to author-
ize a subscription of stock, on the part of the United States,
m the Columbus ond Sendusky Turnpike Companjyeas
27 na5rs 1?—Mr. Van Buren voted in the negative.
"March 1, 1*25. At the close of the session, on the mo-
tion to lay on the table (which was the test vote) the bill
'to authorize the occupation ofthe Oregon Territory'—yeas
25, nays 14—Mr. Van Buren voted in the affirmative. This
bill was the same, in substance, as the bill now before Con-
gress, and directed the taking possession of the territory of
Oregon, and building fort.s therein.
/'February 21,1824," and March 20,1826; also <>n 23d Janu-
ary, 1628; also on 22d April, 1828, Mr. Van Buren.voted
against bills 'for the'continuation of the Cumberland road.5
"May 18,1826, and March 1,18*7, Mr. Van Btirfen v&ted
against bills'making appropriations 'for the preservation of
the Cumberland road.'
'•March 1,1827, being at the close of the session, Mr.-Van
Buren voted to lay on the table a resolution submitted by-
Mr. Benton, directing the survey and examination of th&
route ofthe national road to the seat of government of Mis-
souri."
In these, and it might be added, in almost every other vote
affecting western interests peculiarly, whilst Mr. Van fiuren
was in the Senate, it will be found that he voted against the
West. With truth and earnestness may the people of the
West exclaim, "Save me from such a friend!"
EXPENDITURES DURING MR. VAN BURETS ADMINIS-
TRATION.
The administration ofthe finances of the government has
always properly been a subject of deep interest to the
American people. As it is proposed to run Mr. Van Buren
again, we will turn our attention to his financial manage-
ment. To avoid any question as to the correctness of the
statements which will be presented, all the facts and figures
below are taken from the official statements of officers of
the Treasury Department. To enable every one to under-
stand the beauty of the financiering of Mr. Van Buren's ad-
ministration, I will ask attention to the following statement,
made out by T. L. Smith, Register of the Treasury, dated,
May 25,1841, and appended to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, maae the 1st session 27th Congress:
"Receipts and expenditures of the government, exclusive
of trust funds, and funds arising from loans and Treasury
notes, from 1st January, 1816, to 31st December, 1836, inclu?
sive."
After giving all the figures, it concludes thus:
"Average annual receipts - • • $26,734,273
"Average annual expenditures for-current ex-
penses, as above .... -15,270,046
"Excess of average annual receipts over ex-
penditures for current expenses • $11,464,226
It will be thus seen, that during the period of twenty years,
embracing the administrations of Monroe, Adams, and Jack-
son, there was an annual surplus of $11,464,046. This was
expended in paying the public debt, as long as any existed,
and after it was extinguished formed the surplus revenue
which was deposited with the States.
General Jackson, in his farewell address, said: "I leave
this great people prosperous and happy."
Mr. Van Buren came into office, promising to "follow in
his footsteps." The balance in the treasury on the 1st of
January, 1837, (see report of the Secretary of the Treasury
3d June, 1841,) was '$17,109,573.' Mr. Van Buren had this
amount to begin on.
There were other funds, also, not arising from the ordinary
sources of revenue, which Mr. Van Buren ttj^propriated to
the payment ofthe debts of his most extravagant administra-
tion. Here is a statement (marked D) appended to the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, from which it will be
seen that the balance in the treasury, the amount of stock
held by the government in the United States Bank, and the
amount due irom other banks, were all eaten up by thia
spendthrift administration.
"Outstanding, and falling due to the treasury, arising
from other sources than that of ordinary revenue, which
were paid between the 1st of January, 1837, and the 4th of
March, 1841.—
"Bonds of the Banks of the United State - $8,211,630
"Interest on public depositea - - - 632,967
"Debt due from banks - 380,146
- '$9,124,745''
"Total •
Nor was this all. A report was made by the Register of
the Treasury, dated December 28, 1841, which contains a
"statement of the public debt on the 3d of March, 1841,"
which is there stated te be $8,379,059 88. This official state-
ment does not include the large appropriations which were
then outstanding, to meet which there were no funds in the
treasury. Nor does it include the large amount of liabili-
ties of the government, for which no appropriations had
been made, and which had to be provided for by subsequent
legislation. It is not my purpose to go into a calculation to
show what this sum was, as it would take up more time and
room than I have at command It could easily be shown
that many millions more would have to be added to the pub-
lic debt. The amount admitted, however, is sufficient tu
piu\e the cxtraAagance and improvidence of that adminis-
tration. ,
We v. ill now examine the expenditures and appropria-
tions during Mr. Van Buren's reign, whose frugality and
financial management "reflected added lustre upon democra-
cy " The following tables are taken from a statement made
and 25.5 of the printed report which has been submitted to
the present Congress:
"expenditures."
J337 .... - $37,265,037
1338
1839
1840
1337
1S33
1339
1S40
* 'appropriations.
39,455,433
- 37 ,b 14,936
- 28,226,033
?39,75o,G98
• 40,905,431
• 30.075,051
• 26j449j'V.&
