APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Match, 1844-4
28tU Cong 1st Sess.
Principles of Mr. Vun Buren—Mr. Hardin.
H. of Reps.
. Althoughfhe Bostonian locos appear to have been de-
lighted witlji this sOng, it is not surprising if they should be-
come disgusted with hearing such miserable doggerel re*
peat&d/ Mor&especially as it" seems they have to get a
'•nigger" to lead the tune; while they "join in the chorus."
It is to be presumed, however, that as this was a very
gent'eel'collection of the choicest spirits of Bostonian de-
mocracy, that the "gemman of color," who figured on that
occasion, belonged-'to that class, of colored gentlemen of
"eiegant leisure and refined accomplishments," to whom
Mr. Van Buren extended the right oi. voting in Niew York.
J would respectfully suggest to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Dr. Duncan,] whether this scene- in Faneuil Hall, would
not make another excellent picture for the third edition of
his speech. ^
This reminds me of the fascinating picture exhibited by
the gentlemen from Ohio, [Dr Dcncan,] of what he termed
a dissected coon, which threw into convulsive ecstasies so
many of his loco foco mends. I am surprised that he tried
to puss that dead animal oft' for a coon. Calling it a coon
don't make it so. If you were to call its tail a leg, it would
not make it have five legs. No, sir, that dead animal was
the "ied fox of Kinderhook," it could not have been "that
same old coon;" for he is alive and playing his pranks as
briskly as ever. , We have already ascertained, that since
the commencement of this Congress, he stretched our thir-
teen loco foco roosters, who were endeavoting to fly up in-
to this Hall. And from the continued cackling and squawk-
ing we hear from these fowls all over the country, it is very
evident that''the same old coon" is the living terror of all
loco foco dunghill chickens.
The learned doctor spoke of the "disordered state of the
variops organs,' exhibited on dissection ol the dead animal.
i had supposed the gentleman was backwoodsman enough
to know?that symptom is always exhibited in animals that
are smoked to death. And it is proof positive, that the ani-
mal he exhibited w as the ied fox which was smoked out of
his hole in the White House in 1840 by the smoke from the
'log cabins of the country.
I he gentleman and oilier learned doctors are trying to
"restore" their patient. The very character of their pre-
scriptions exhibits the desperate nature of the disease.
They are giving local applications of "Garbled accounts of
duelling;" "Kendall's Henbane, being the distilled essence
Of locofoco malignity;" '-The Compound and Corrupt Ex-
tract of Providential Dispensations." These violent poisons
may produce both action and motion, yet the clenched list,
the distorted countenance, and spasmodic struggles of the
patient, give conclusive proof that it is not the easy and
natural effort of returning life, but a vain attempt to resus-
c itate "a gahanued cojpse."
THE LAST SKETCH.
Every man, by the time he reaches years of maturity, has
a'opted a character which he acts out m after life The
one which Mr. Van Buren has assumed is that "of being con-
sistent in inconsistencies. 'ihe labulous character of an-
cient history arc invested with various attributes to *how
their power or their versatility. Briarius is said to have
had a hundred arms, Argus a hundred eyes, Janus two
facc3, and Pioteus to ha\e assumed every imaginable shape
at Will. It was reserved to Mr. Van Buren to excel thenv
sll, for, having but a single face, and one pair of arms, he
can so control the expression ot his countenance, and so
manage his pen, that he looks and writes all ways at once,
shakes hands with a hundred men at the same time, on dif-
ferent sides of him; and his countenance seems to smile, at
the same instant, sentiments of approbation on men of
every shade of cha racter and opinion He can glide through
a crowd, and shake hands with every man m it, and "leave
less sign" and more doubt in the minds of the people
whether they have actually taken him by the hand, than
any other man in the world. Though studiously polite, no
one ever knows whether he is in earnest, or what are his
opinions, from his ordinary coirversation. All other promi-
nent political men of our country have pursued such a sys-
tem of policy during their political career, that when a new
question was broached, it was generally easy to foresee on
which side they would be found. Not so with Mr. Van Bu-
ren. Should he be le-elected, and any new question ol im-
portance should arise, neither lnendnorfoe could more
than guess what course he would pursue. Even now, up-
on the subjects which are agitating the country, no man can
ibel authorized to say what are his opinions upon the ta-
riff—-what kind of a currency he is lor—or w hat should be
done with the reception and reJerence of abolition peti-
tions.
II there is any thing of which Mr. Van Buren can be
strictly said to be the authoi, it ih of the system of party
drill which was begun in New York and which has been
adopted by his party throughout the Union. It is as perfect
a system of organization as our armv, extending its influ-
ence from presidential conventions "to the smallest town
meting. By it. ordeis ibsued from the higher committees
are convey ed to, and carried out in, the county and town
conventions, and lor this implicit obedience to orders, the
"Old Hunkers,1'as the drill .sergeants of the party are stal-
ed, expect to be, and are, rewarded with appointments to
office It is by this system that Mi. Van JJuien expects to
be re-elected Itis well known that a large majority of Ins
own party are opposed to his renommation. But what will
that avail J It has already been decreed that he must be
nominated. And although the mass of the party are against
him, the leaders and managers are for him. The reason is
pbvious. They know that if he is re-elected, appoint-
ments will be made after the old order of succession The
''Old Hunkers" will be first provided for, and the powci will
De given to these managers andleaders to fill all the offi-
ces in their districts. And the "young democracy" which
is seeking to participate in public life, is to be put down or
thrust out of the party.
u manoeuvring and party drill avail
to effect its purpose' Answer me first, whether the people
have forgotten the profligate waste ot public money which
took place during his administration? Have they forrotten
the thousands and tens of thousands of dollars whic*h were
stolen by his defaulting sub-treasurers? Can they forget
the systematic efforts which were persisted in, to concen-
trate all power over the pnrse and word of the nation, in
fAe nanus ot the President and his subordinate executiy^
officers? Have they forgotten, nay, can they ever forget,
the universal dismay and ruin, resulting from the disastrous
experiments of Mr. Van Buren and his party, which swept
away the fortunes and hopes of the people, as the growing
grain is destroyed .by the blight and mildew of heaven?
Have they yet forgotten how he mocked them in the midst
of their calamities, and tauntingly told them, "That all
communities are apt to look to the government for too
much.'" Nay, sir, can the American people ever forget
that he has since added insult to injuiy, by telling them that,
in displacing him from power in 1840, their "reason was
dethroned," and they were led astray by a "whirlwind of
passion, fully, and madness;" because, in the exercise of one
of their invaluable rights, they dared to remove him irom
office, and exalt in his stead an honest and warworn soldier?
Are the people ready to revoke the verdict they gave in
1840, and are they now prepared to write down in thp poll
books the evidence of their own stultification? When all
these questions are .answered in the affirmative, then, and
not until then, will -Martin Van Buren be restored to
power.
APPENDIX.
THE FIRST UNITED STATES BANK.
The following statement shows how many, and who, of
the framers of the constitution participated in the establish-
ment of the first United States bank—and the manner of
their participation:
For it—GconftK Washinotov, President; Alexander Ham-
ilton, Secretary of the Treasury; John Langdon, John
Dickinson, Rulus King, Robert Morris, Richard Bassett,
Wm. Sml. Johnson, senatots; George Clymer, Nicholas
Oilman, Roger Sherman, Tiomas Fit/simons, representa-
tives —12.
•Against it—Fierce Butler, William Few, senators; Abra-
ham Baldwin, Daniel Carroll, Hugh Williamson, James
Madison, Representatives—0.
This bill passed the House of Representatives—yeas 30,
nays 20; do. the Senate—yeas 18, naj s 5.
Thus it will be seen, that, of the thirty-nine persons who
framed the constitution of the United States, eighteen par-
ticipated in oflicial capacities in the establishment of the
first United States bank. And James Madison, who was
against the first bank, aftei wards sanctioned the second
United States bank, which makes thirteen of the framers of
the constitution for the constitutionality and expediency of
a United States bank, and only five against it, on either con-
stitutional or other grounds
THE SECOND UNITED STATES BANK, CHARTERED IN
1816.
The following statement shows the number and name* at
all the senators and representatives who have \oted/«/- and
against the second United States Bank, in 1816— the names
oi the federalists being in )tlaa:
SENATE.—Avks.—.Messrs. -"'Barbour, Barry, Brown,
Campbell, Chaee, Condict, Da°gett, Fromentme, Harper,
Horsey, Howell, Hunter, Lacocke, Mason, Virginia;
row, Roberts, Talbot, Tait, Taylor, Turner,. Varnum, Wil-
liams.—22.
Nay*.—Messrs. Dana, Galliard, Goldiborough, Gore, King,
Macon, Mason, New Hampshire; lluggles, Sanfoid, Tiche-
nor, Wells, Wilson—12.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.—Those who \oted
in the attirmative, are—
Messrs. Ad^ate, of New York; Alexander, Ohio; Jllher-
ton, New Hampshire, Bacr, Maiyland; Betts, New V ork;
Bo js, Rhode island; Bi adbi'ry, Massachusetts; Hi own,
Massachusetts, Calhoun, South Carolirri; Cannon, Tennes-
see; Champion, Connecticut; Chappell, South Carolina;
Clark, Noith Carolina; Claik, Kentucky; Glendemn, Ohio;
Comstock, New Jersey, Condict, New Jersey; Conner,
Massachusetts; Creighton, Ohio; Crocheron, New }ork;
Cuthbert, Georgia, Edwards, Noith Carolina; Forney,
Noilh Carolina; Forsy th, Georgia; Gholson, Virginia; Gril-
fin, Pennsylvania; Grosrtnor, New York, Hawes, Virginia;
Henderson, Tennessee; Hugcr, South Carolina; Hulhert,
Massachusetts; Hungerford/virgima, Ingham, Pennsylva-
nia; Irving, Now \ ork; Jackson, Virginia; Jcwett, Ver-
mont; Kerr, Virginia; King, North Carolina; Love, North
Carolina; Lowndes, South Carolina; Lumpkin, Georgia;
Maclay, Pennsylvania, Mason, Rhode Island, McCoy, Vir-
ginia; McKee, Kentucky; Middleton, South Carolina;
Moore, Mosehxj, Connecticut; Murfree, North Carolina; Nel-
son, Massachusetts; Pairis, Ma^achusetts; Pickens, North
Carolina; Pmkney, Maryland, Piper, Pennsylvama; Robert-
son, Louisiana; Sharpe, Kentucky ; Smith, Maryland; Smith.
Virginia; Southard, New Jersey; Taul, Kentucky; Taylor,
New Yoik, Tay lor, South Caiolma, Telfair, Georgia; Thom-
as, Tennessee; Throop, New York; Townsend, New York;
Tucker, Virginia; Ward, New Jersey; Wendo^er, New
Yotk; Wheaion, Massachusetts, Wilde, Georgia; Wilkin,
New York; Wiihams, North Caiolina, Willoughhy, New
York; Thos. Wilson, Pennsylvania, William Wilson, Penn-
sylvania; Woodward, South Carolina; Wright, Maiyland.
"V anrey, North Carolina, !tdtes, New V'ork—«0
Those who \oted in the neguti\e, are—
Messrs. Baker, Now Jersey, Baibour, Virginia; Bassett,
Virginia; Bennett, New Jersey; Budsall, New Voik; Blount,
Tennessee, Brackenridge, Virginia, Burn^ide, Pennsylvania;
Burwell, Virginia. Cady, New York, Caldwell, Ohio; al-
ley, New Hampshire; Clayton, Delaware, Clopton, Virginia:
Coopei, Del«iA\ aie, Cxavv foid, Pennsj lvama; Culpeper, North
Carolina; Darlington, Pennsyl\ania; Davenpoit, Connecti-
cat; Desha, Kentucky; Crayon, North Carolina, Gold, New
^ ork; Galdsborough, Mai) land; Goodwin, Virginia; Hahn,
Pennsylvania. Hale. New Hampshire; Hall, Georgia; Han-
son, Maryland; Hardin, Kentucky ; Ileibert, Maryland; Hop-
kinson, Pennsylvania; Johnson, Virginia, Kent, New York;
Langdon, Vermont; I.aw, Connecticut; Lewis, Virginia;
Lovttt, New York; Lyle, Pennsylvania, Lyon, Vermont;
Marsh, Vermont; Mayrant, South Carolina; McLean, Ken-
tucky; McLean, Ohio; Milnor, Pennsylvania; Newton, Vir-
ginia; Noyes, Vermont; Ormsby, Kentucky; Pickering;, Mas-
sachusetts; Pitkin, Connecticut; Randolph, Virginia"; Reed,
Massachusetts; Root, New York; Ross. Pennsylvania; Rus-
gles, Massachusetts;Savage, New York; Sergeant, Pennsyl-
vania; Shejfey, Virginia; Smith, Pennsylvania; Stanford,
North Carolina; Steams, Massachusetts; Strong, Massachu-
setts; Sturges, Connecticut; Taggart; Massachusetts; Tall*
madge, Connecticut; Vase, New Hampshire; Wallace, Penn-
sylvania; Ward, Massachusetts;. Ward, New York; Webster,
New Hampshire; Whiteside, Pennsylvania; Wilcox, New
Hampshire—71. ' '
The foregoing designation of the politics of the members
of the Congress s>f 1616, is taken from a table in Niles's
Register, tkken while that Congress was in session, and is
believed to be correct.
It will thus be seen that 19 senators and 67 representa-
tives, making 86 of the republican party, voted for the bank;1
and b senators and 30 representatives, making 35 of the re-
publican party*, voted against it; while only 3 senators and
13 representatives, making 16 federalists, voted for the bank;
and 7 senators and 41 representatives, making 48 federalists,
voted against'it.
The above compilation has been carefully prepared by a
friend and constituent of Mr. Hardin, and corresponds sub-
stantially with the classification of the same vote made out
by the editors of the National Intelligencer, in their paper
of August 8th. 1840.
In 1832, the bill to recharter the United States Bank passed
the Senate by a vote of 28 to 14, and^the House by a vote of
107 to So. This bill was vetoed by President Jackson.
TARIFF OF MAT 22, 1824-
April 16, 18-24, passed the House*of Representatives—yeas
107, nays 102. (See journal 18th Congress, first session,
page 428.)
\ kas: Maine—David Kidder; New Hampshire—Aaron Mat-
son; Massachusetts—Henry W. Dwight; Rhode Island—Job
Durfee, Samuel Eddy; Connecticut— Noy'es Barber, Ansel
Sterling, Ebene?er Stoddard, Gideon Tomlinsoni L'emuel
Whitman; Vermont—William C. Bradley, Daniel A. A.
Buck, Samuel C, Crafts, Rollin C. Mallary, Charles Rich;
Niw Voik—i'armenio Adams, JohnW. Cady, Lot Clark,
Ela Collins, Hector Craig. Lewis Eaton, John Herkimer,
Moses llaydert, Lemuel Jenkins, Samuel Lawrence, Dudley
Marvin, Henry C. Martindale, John Richards, Robert R.
Rose. Peter Sharpe. Henry It. Storrs, James Strong, John
W. Taylor, Egbert Ten Eyck, Albert H. Tracy, Jacob Ty-
son, William Van Wyek, Stephen Vun Rensselaer, Silas
Wood, William Woods, John 1. Morgan; New Jersey—Geo.
Cas«edy, Lewis Condict, Daniel Garrison, George Hoi-
combe, James Mathick, Samuel owan; Pennsylvania—James
Allison, John Brown, James Buchanan, Samuel Edwards,
William Cox Ellis, Patrick Farrelly, John Fmdlay, Walter
Forward, Robert Harris, George Kremer, Joseph Hemphill,
Philip S. Markeley, Samuel MeKean, Daniel H. Miller,
James S. Mitchell, Thomas Patterson, George Plumer,
Thomas J. Rogers, Andrew Stewart, John Tod, Daniel*
Udrce, Isaac Way ne, Jaines Wilson, Henry Wilson; Dela-
ware—Louis Mr Lane; Maryland—Peter Little, Isaac McKim,
George E. Mitchell; Virginia—Joseph Johnson; Kentucky—
Richard A Buckner, Robert P. Henry, Francis Johnson,
John T. Johnson, Robert P. Letcher," Thomas P. Moore,
Thomas Metcalfe, Philip Thompson, David Trimble, David
White, Charles A. Wicklifie; Tennessee—Adam R. Alexan-
der, Samuel Houston-, Ohio—Moideeai Bartley, Philemon
Beecher, John W. Campbell, James W. GazJay, Duncan
McArthur, William McLean, John Patterson., John Sloane,
Thomas R. Ro?s, Joseph Vance, Samuel F. Vinton, E.
Whittlesey, William Wilson. John C. "Wright; Indiana—
William Prince. John Test; Illinois—Daniel P. Cook; Mis-
souri— John Scott—107.
Nays: Maine—William Burleigh, Joshua Cushman, Ebe-
ne/er Herrick, Enoch Lincoln, Stephen Longfellow, Jere-
miah O'Brien; New Hampshire—Ichabod Bartiett, Matthew
Harvey, Arthur Livermoie, William Plumer, Thomas
Whipple, jr ; Massachusetts—Samuel C. Allen, Francis Bay-
lies, Timothy Fuller, Aaron Hobart,' Samuel Lathrop, Jno.
Locke, Jeremiah Nelson, John Reed, Jonas Sibley, Daniel
Webster, Benjamin W. Crownmshield; Connecticut—Sam-
uel A. Foot; New York—C. C. Carnbreleng, Row land Day,
Justin Dwinell. Charles A. Foot, Joel "Frost, James L. Hoge-
boom, Elislia Litchfield, Isaac Williams; Pennsylvania—Sam-
uel Brockjj£ai•yland—William Haywood, jr, Joseph Kent,
John Lee Jfc.phael Neale, Jno. S. Spcnce, Henry R. Waifield;
F?r^tWrt--Mark Alexander, William S. Archer, P. P. Bar-
bour, Jno S. Barbour, Burwell Bassett, Jno. Floyd, Robert
G Gornett, Jabez Leitwich, William McCoy, Charles F.
Mercer, Thomas Newton, Jno Randolph, William C. Rives,
Arthur Smith, William Smith, Alexander Smythe, Andrew
Stevenson, J. SU-phenson, Jr.o. Taliaferro, George Tucker,
Jared Williams; Noith Carolina—Hutchins G. Burton, Hen-
ry W. Connor, Jno. Culpeper, W.N. Edwaids, Alfred M.
Gatlin, Thomas II Hall, Jno Long, W. P. Mangum, R. M.
Saunders, Richard D. Spaight, Robert B. Vance, Charles
Hooks, Lewis Williams; South Carolina—Jno. Carter, Rob-
ert Campbell, Joseph Gist, A. R Govan, James Hamilton,
Geoige McDufKe, J. R. Poinsett, Sterling Tucker, Jno Wil-
son, Joel Abbot, George Cary, Thomas W. Cobb, Alfred
Cuthbeit, Jno. Forsyth, Ed. F. Tattnall, Wiley Thomp-
son; Tennessee— Robert Allen, Jno. Blair, Jno. Cocke,
Jacob C. Isacks, James B Reynolds, I. T Stanford, James
Standefer, .Lo/imffnc—William L. Brent, Henry H. Gurley ,
Edward Livingston, J2labama—Jno. McKee. Gabriel Moore,
Gt orge W. Owen, Mississiwpi—Christoper Rankin —102.
May 13, 1824, passed the Senate: yeas 2r>, navs 21, (Seo
Journal of Senate, 1st session 18th C ongress, page 401.
Ykas>: Af,une—Jno. Chandler, Jno. Holmes, New Hamp-
shire—Samuel Bell; Rhode Island—James D'Wolf, Nehe-
miah R. Knight; Connecticut— Henry W. Edwards, James
Lanman; Vermont—William A Palmer, Horatio Sevmour;
2\ew \oik—Ma>tin% an Hureu; Neu- Jersey—Muhlun Dick-
erson. Joseph Mcllvaine; Pennsylvania—William Findlay,
Walter Lowrie; Kentucky-QjjLuhard M. Johnson. Isham
Talbot, Tennessee—John H. Eaton. Andrew Jackson; Ohio—•
Ethan Allen Brown, Benjamin Ruggles; Indiana Jome's
Noble, Waller Taylor; Illinois—Jesse B. Thomas; Jfis-
souri— David Barton. Thomas li Benton—26.
Nays -New Hampshire—John F. Parrott; Massachusetts 
James Lloyd, Elijah Mills; A"e^ Yoik—Rufus King; Dela-
u.are-~Thomas Clayton, Nicholas Van Dvke; Maryland—
Samuel Smith, Virginia—James Baibour, Jno. Taylor;
North Caiolina—Jno Branch, Nathaniel Macon; South'Car^
olina—John Gaillard, Robert Y. Hayne; Georgia—John El-
liott, Nicholas Ware; Louisiana—Henry Johnson, JosiahS.
Johnston; Alabama—William Kelley, William R. King;
Mississippi—Dwid Holmes, Thomas H, Williams—21.
