CONGRESSIONAL GLOfifi.
61f
these agents can be obtained for that purpose, an order
goes forth from the Post Office Department to abolish one
postoltice, and establish another, though any memorial of
the people, no matter how numerously signed, would fail to
attain the object. It was a legitimate mode of discussion
at this time when an appropriation was asked for to con-
tinue the patronage of the executive in a certain channel,
to inquire in what manner it has been heretofore used. At
this txme, when the executive had become a sort of politi-
cal auctioneer, with the offices of the country.it was prop-
er for the representatives of the people to inquire whether
it was not tneir duty to curtail the amount of patronage
thus unworthily deposed of
He knew the design of the executive was to build up a
party to elect him to the presidency, though he had no
strength before the country, if any one doubted this,, let
them inquire of what materials the coining convention was
to be composed. 11 they looked at the public papers, they
would find that this convention was composed of office hold-
ers or expectants of oflicc; and offices were held out as the
reward for those who w ouId carry out the designs of their
leader. It is said that, at one time of the Roman Republic,
corruption had grown to such a frightful extent that offices
were set up to sale; but he would venture to assert that the
scencs that were then enacted, were not half so startling as
those tht*} oiilj witnessed He was opposed to this appro-
priation, because he would not have any agents to stand
Between him, as the representative of the people, and the
government.
He was told that the Postmaster General listened to these
agents, and took their advice in the appointment of post-
masters; and that this practice was become so common as
for him to make them responsible for appointments so made.
Was the House prepared to sanction such an influence ar,
this? Whit responsibility was there in there in these
agents to the people or the people's representatives? 1 here
could be none w hatever, and yet they were told that nu-
merous appointment* were made on the recommendation of
agents ol whom the people knew nothing—of whom Con-
gress knew nothing, and who were only responsible to the
appointing pow or.
After a few more remarks from Mr. McC.—
Mr. SIMONS offered an amendment to make the amend-
ment more intelligible, as he thought it was not understood
by the committee. He moved to amend the amendment, so
us to make it read as follows:
Strike out the words "for mail depredations and special
agents, £2o,()00," and insert, "for mail depredations, $10,000,
provided that the ollice of special agent be hereby abol-
ished."
Mr. RATHBUN observed that the amendment was to
abolish the ofhee of special agent, and provide a sum that
would be sufficient to detect mail depredations; and he
thought $5,000 amply sufficient for that yurpose.
Mr. SIMONS thought the sum of $5,000 too small, and
$-2-3,000 too Urge. He would be satisfied, however, with an
appropriation of $10,000
Air. McKAV explained that there was no law by which
these special agents were appointed, and that the with-
drawal of the appropriation would efh-ctually abolish the
office. He stated that there were now ten such officers, at
salaries of $1,200 per annum, the number having been in-
creased from seven, and their salaries reduced from $1,6C0;
and he then read an e-ctract from a communication of the
head of the Post Office Department, stating the duties of
these spccial agents, and showing that their services were
laborious and valuable. Thus there would be one of these
agents to about three States or Teiritones, in the discharge
of important duties; and it was ridiculous to suppose that
these special agents employed at annual salaries of $1,200
each, could corrupt the people of these United Siates. He
concluded by moving the previous question.
Some conversation then ensued, and the previous ques-
tion was not seconded, the vote, taken by tellers, being 59
in the affirmative, and 62 m tke negative.
Mr. SCHENCK spoke at some length on the duties and
remunerations of these several agents, observing that
$1,200 per annum and $2 per diem was not all, for they were
franked from one end of the country to the other. He con-
tended that they could be dispensed with, and spoke in favor
of the creation of a fund to defray the expenses of discov-
ering mail defalcations; and said he should vote for the
amendment of the gentleman from C onnecticut, though he
believed half the sum mentioned in the amendment would
be sufficient
Mr. RATllBUN demanded the previous question.
The demand was seconded, and the main question ordered
to be now put.
The mam question being upon the amendment to the
amendment, it was agreed to.
The question then being upon the adoption of the ori-
ginal amendment, as amended, the yeas and nays were do
manded, and ordered; and. being taken, resulted—yeas 72,
nays SI, as follow s:
7EAS—Messis. Abbot, Adams, Benton. James Black,
Bower, Brengle, Jciemidh Brown, Burke, Carroll,
Catlin, Causm, Clinch, Clingmm, Dann, Unrrett Pr-vis,
Dean, Deberry, Dickey, Dickinson. Duncan, Kickhn,
Fish, Florence, Foot, Willis (Jieeu Under, Hale, Hamlin,
Harp.'i, Hudson, Ilungerford, Porky B Johnson, Frcston
King, Daniel P King/Leonard, McClernand. McConncll,
Mcilvame. Edward J. Morris, Joseph Morris, Morse. Mose-
iey, Newton, Patterson, Peyton. Phcenix, Pollock, Eli^ha 11.
Potter, Purdy, Eathbun, Kedmg, Bitter, Rockwell, Rod-
nev. Rogers, Sample, Schenck", Senter, Severance, John
T." Smith, Robert Smith, Stetson, John Stewart Thomas-
son, Tiluen, Tucker. Tyler. Vmton, Wentworth, White,
Williams, am! Wmthiop—72
NWS—Messrs Amngton, Bayley, Bidlack, Edward J.
Black, James A. Black," Bowlin' Brinkeihoff. Brodhead,
William J Brown, Burt, Jeremiah E Cary, Shepherd C sry,
Reuben Chapman. Augustus A. Chapman, Cobb, Coles,
Cross, Daniel. Pamgh, Richard D. Davis, John W.Davis,
Dromgoole Dunlap, KUis, Elmer, Farlee, Foster, Grin,
nell, Hom.nett, Henley. Htrrick, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell.
James B. Hunt. Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R Ingersoll,
Irvin, Jameson, Jenks, Andrew Johnson, George V/.
Jones, Andre* Kennedy. John P. Kennedy, Kirkpatnck,
Labnmche, Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon, McCauslen, Maclay,
McClelland, McKay, N orris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne,
Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Ramsey, Charles M. Reed, David
S. Reid, Relfe, Roberts, Russell, Saunders, David L. Sey-
mour, Simpson, Shdeli, Steenrod, Stiles, Stone Strong
Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Vance, Weller, Woodward
Joseph A. Wright, and \ost—8i.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the engrossment of the bill, and
ordering it for a third reading; which was carried. '
The bill being read a third time—
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the bill be recommitted, with
instructions to amend the bill by inserting an an appropri-
ation of $10,000 for the prevention of fraucts upon the Po^t
Office Department.
Mr. SEYMOUR demanded the previous question on the
passage of the bill. *
Mr. SCHENCK moved that there be a call of the House.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK then moved that the House adjourn; which
motion was not agreed to.
The demand for the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered to be now put, being upon the
passage ol the bill.
The question being put, was dedided in the affirmative.
Mr. HALE moved a reconsideration of the vote by which
the bill was passed, and called the previous question.
The pievious question was seconded; and the question
being put, was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Onmotion of Mr. McKAY. the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, and took up for consideration the
amendments made by the Senate to the bill making appro-
priations for certain fortfications.
The amendments of the Senate were concurred in, and
the bill was laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. WELLER moved that the bill from the Senate, No.
20, to provide for the legal adjudication of land titles in
Louisiana and Arkansas, and in some parts of Mississippi,
and Missouri, be taken up.
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee rise; which mo-
tion was rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wellfics motion,
and it was carried—ayes 8ft, noes 28.
The bill having been read through,
Mr. BRENGLE moved that it be laid aside, and that the
Committee take up bill No 14: rejected.
Mr SLIDELL said he had no disposition to press the dis-
cussion of the bill at present; but as he was at a loss to
know what objection could be urged to it, he w j«hed to
hear the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. C. Johnson.] w ho
he understood was opposed to the bill.
Mr. C. JOHNSON proceeded to state the ground of some
ojections which he should urge against the passage of this
bill to-morrow, or whenever else it should be discussed.
He regarded the bill as one of very great importance and
as involving more property than any bill which had been
before Congress for many years past. It was a bill whi'%h
would authori'/e suits to be brought against the govern-
ment of these United States for from 10 to 1ft, or perhaps 20
millions of acrcs of land; which, besides its importance as
respects the amount of properly involved, was a direct viola-
tion of that principle which had heretofore prevailed to the
prevention of suits against the government. If this bill
should pass, they would not be able to collect taxes suffi-
cient to pay the expenses to which the go\ ernment would
be put. And again: if this bill should bccome a law, why
should not 'the" claimants under the French spoliations be
allowed to sue the government0
He went on to enumerate many other objections to the
bill, and to the forms of proceedings which it would insti-
tute, and intimated that he should enter more elaborately
into an argument against it when it should again come up."
On the motion of Mr. PARMENTER, the committee then
rose and reported the fortification bill to the House, and
progress on the land bill.
The fortification bill ivas taken up in the House, and the
amendment of the committee concurred in.
Mr. McKAY then moved the printing of a communication
from the Secretary of the Navy, asking for appropriations
to supply previous deficiencies." The motion w as agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
The following petition was presented to-day under the
rule:
By Mr. STILES: The proceedings and resolutions of a
meeting of the citi7ens of Chatham count), Georgia, irre-
spective of party, favorable to the reannexation of Tex a* to
the American Union: referred to the Committee on Foieign
Afiairs.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 24, 1844.
The President pro km. laid before the Senate a
communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting a report, in compliance with the resolution
of the Senate of the 2d ult., on the practicability arid
probable expense of improving the navigation of the
Mississippi river at the Little Chain
Also, a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
on the subject of experiments made in the light-house
establishment, as to the practicability of using gas
instead of oil, and the relative expenses of the same:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial from Wil-
liam L. D. Erving, and 122 others, citizens of Illi-
nois, in favor of annexing Texas to the United
States: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JARNAGIN remarked that last evening he
received a communication addressed to his colleague
and himself, containing the proceeding of a meeting
of whigs and democrats, held in the county of Hard?
man, Tennessee, in favor of the annexation of Texas
to the United States, and they resolve that the Presi-
dent of the United States, the Senate and the House
of Representatives, be requested to use all proper
means to accomplish that end. They say nothing
upon the subject of the treaty now pending before
the Senate; but on the abstract proposition of annex-
ation, leaving the President and Congress to use
such means to accomplich the annexation as are
proper: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Boston, Massachusetts, in
favor of the annexation of Texas: ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition fr <m 200
citizens of the State of Indiana, in favor of the rati-
fication of the treaty for the annexation: ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. BAYARD submitted the following resolu-
tion, (prefacing it with some remarks showing the
importance of its passage:) which was read, and
adopted, viz:
Reeolvd, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the Senate a copy of a contract entered into
by the Secretary of the Navy in 1833, with Fitch. Brother?
& Co , for the supply of money to the Mediterranean squad*
ron, together with any change or modification of the same
which may have been subsequently made; and that he in-
form the Senate whether said contract has been terminated
by the order of the Navy Department; and, if so, the rea-
sons for such order, and that he inform the Senate whether,
during the existence of such contract, any other mode was
adopted to remit money to said squadron; and, if so, the
reasons therefor, and the expense of such attempt. Also,
that he communicate to tile Senate a copy of any contract
entered into for the same purpose since the termination of
the said first-named contract, together with all tke papers,
correspondence, reports, and examinations of the accounts
of said Fitch, Brothers & Co , relating to their said contract,
connected with or growing out of the termination of the
same by the said department, which have been made under
its order, together with copies of all letters from said House
to the President, in possession of this department, having
reference to said contract. «
ARMY RETRENCHMENT BILL.
On motion by Mr. HANNEGfAN, the Senate
took up for consideration the order submitted by
him yesterday:
"That a message be sent to the House requesting that
the bill regulating the pay of the army, and for other purpo-
ses, may be ieturned to the Senate for its further action
thereon."
Mr. H. called for the yeas and nays on its adop-
tion; which were ordered and taken, and the ques-
tion was decided in the negative by yeas 16, nays
91, as follows;
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Atchison,Atherton, Bagby, Breese,
Buchanan, Fairfield, Fulton, Hannegan, Haywood, Huger,
Lewis, Sevier, Sturgeon. Tappan, and Woodbury—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Benton,
Berrien, Choate, Clayton, Dayton, Evans, Francis, Hender-
son, Huntington, Jarnagin, Johnson, Phelps, Porter, Tall-
madge, Upfiam, White, and Woodbridge—21.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to remove the obstructions to the navigation of the rivey
La Fcurche, at its mouth, placed there by order of General
Jackson, during the invasion of Louisiana by the army of
Great Britain in the j ear 1814.
Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of authorizing the employment, under the
direction ol the President of'the United States, of an engi-
neer of the United States corps, in examining and surveying
the Bayou Blue, in the State of Louisiana.
Also presented a petition from John P.' Watson on
the same subject; which was referred to the same
committee.
Mr. BREESE submitted the followingresolution,
which, under the rule, lies one day on the table:
Resoh-cd. That the President be requested, if not detri-
mental to the public seivice, to order the United States
steamship Michigan, now at Erie, Pennsylvania, when rea-
dy for service, to vi^it, during the ensuing summer, the
prmclpal ports of the northern lakes, including the port of
Chicago, m the State of Illinois.
Mr. ATCHISON" presented a memorial from cit-
izens of Grand River Territory, Missouri, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from the mouth
of Refuge river, in Clinton county, to Grand river:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE submitted the following
resolution, which, under the rule, lies one day on
the table, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to report
to the Senate what progress has been made in the surrey ot
the straits connecting Lakes Huron and Erie; that he cause
the survey thereof, so far as made, to be reported, on a re-
duced scale, to the Senate, for its use. That he report to
the Senate the opinion of the department as to the practice
