April, 1844
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
633
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. C. B. Smith.
H.: of Ee^)s„
TARIFF OF MAY 19, 1828.
April 22,1828, passed the House of Representatives—yeas
105, nays 94. (See Sournal 1st session 20th. Congress, page
607 )
Yeas: New Hampshire—Titus Brown, Jonathan Harvey,
Joseph Healy, Thomas "Whipple,- jr., Massachusetts—Benja-
min W. Crowninsfield, Henry W. Dwight; Rhode Island—
Tristam Surges; Connecticut—John Baldwin, Noyes Bar-
ber, Orange Merwin, Elish Phelps; Vermont—Daniel A. A.
Buck, Jonathan Hunt, Rollin C. ivlallary, Benjamin Swift,
George E Wales; Niv) York—Daniel I). Bernard, George
O. BeMen, Rudolph Bunner, Samuel Chase, ^John C. Clark,
John J. De^Uratr, Jonas Earl, jr., Daniel U-. Garnsey, Na-
thaniel Garrow, S _I1. Hobbie, Michael Hofiman, Richard
Keese, John IVlageer Henry Markell, Henry C. Martindale,
Dudley Marvin, Henry R. Storrs, John G. Stower, James-
Strong, John W. Taylor. Phineas L. Tracy, Stephen Van
Rensselaer, John J. Wood. Silas Wood, John D. Dickinson,
David Woodcock, Silas Wrigh, jiNtw . Jersey—Lewis
Condict, Isaac Piersou, Samuel Swan, Hedge Thompson,
Ebenu/.er Tucker; Pennsyhania—Scimuel Anderson, Ste-
phen Barlow, James Buchanan, Richard Coulter, Chauneey
Forward, Joseph Fry, Innis Green, Adam King, Joseph
Lawrence, S. McKean, Daniel PH. Miller, Charles Miner,
John Mitchell, Robert Orr, jr., William Ramsey, John Ser-
geant. James S. Stevenson. John B. Sterigere, Andrew
Stewart, JoelB. Sutherland, Epsy Van Horn, James Wilson,
George Wolf; Delaware—Kensey Johns, jr ; Maryland—
Peter Little; VifLinia—William Armstrong, Isaac Leffler,
Lewis Maxwell; ^Kentucky—Richard A. Buckner, Thomas
Chilton, James Claik, Henry Daniel, Joseph Lecompte,
Robert P. Letcher, Chittenden Lyon, Robert M. Hatton,
Thomas Metcalfe, Thomas P. Moore. Charles A._Wickhfte.
Joel Yancey; Ohio—Philemon Beechcr, William Creigh-
ton, jr„ John Davenport, James Kindlay, William McLean,
William Russell, John Sloane, William Stanherry, Joseph
Vance, Samuel F. Vinton, Elisha Whittlesey, John Woods,
John C. Wright; Indiana—Thomas, H. Blake, Jonathan
Jennings, Oliver H. Snath; Illinois—Joseph. Duncan—105.
NiT.«: Maine—John Anderson, Samuel Butman, Paifus
McTntire, Jeremiah O'Brien, James V/. Ripley, Peleg
Sprague, Josejih F. "Wmgate; New Hampshire—David Bar-
ker, jr., Ichafcod Bartlctt; Massachusetts—Samuel C. Allen,
John Bailej , Isaac C. Bates, John Davis, Edward Fverett,
Benjamin Gorham, James L. Hodges, John Locke, John
Reed, Joseph Richardson, John Varnum; Rhode Island—
Dutee J. Plaice, Connecticut—R. I. Ingersoll, David Plant;
New York—C C. Cambreleng, John Halloek,jr, Jeiomus
Johnson, Thomas J. Oakely, G. C. Verplanck, Aaron Ward;
QIaryland - Clement Dorsey, Levm Gale, John Leeds Kerr,
George C Washington, John C. Weerns; I'irgii.ia—Mark
Alexander. Robeit Allen, William S. Archer, P. P. Barbour,
NT. H. Claiborne, Thomas Davenport. William McCoy, Chas.
F.Mercer, Thomas Newton, John Randolph, William C.
Rivep, John Roane, Alexander Smythe, John Taliaferro,
James Ticvvant, North Carolina—Willis Alston, Daniel L.
Barriger, John H. Bryan, Samuel P. Carson, Henry VV. Con-
ner. John Cr.lpeper, Thomas H Hall, Gabnel Holmes, John
Long, Lemuel Sawyer, Augustine H. Shepperd, Daniel
Turner, Lewis Williams; South Carolina—John Carter,
Warren It. Davis, William Drayton, James Hamilton, jr,
William D. Martin, George McDufl'c. William T. Nuckolls,
Starling- Tucker; Gcoicia—John floyd, Tomlinson Fort,
Charles E. Kanes, Wilson Lumpkm, Wiley Thompson,
Richard II. Wilde, George R Gilmer, Tennessee—John Bell,
John Blair, David Crockett, Robert Desha, Jacob C. Isacks,
Pry or Lea, John H. Marable, James C. Mitchell, James K.
Polk; Louisiana—William L. Brent, Henry H Gurley, J£d-
ward Livington; Jilahccnia—John McKeo, Gabriel ftioore,
George W. Owen; Missouri—Edward Bates; Mississippi—
William Haile—94.
Maj 13, 1858, passed the Senate by the following vote,
yeas 26, nays 21. (See Journal of the Senate, 1st session
20th Congress, page 410)
Yeas: Massachusetts—Daniel Webster; Rhode Is'and—Ne-
hemiah R. Kmght; Connecticut—Samuel A. Foot, Calvin
Willey; Vermont—Dudley Chase, Horatio Seymour; New
Nathan Sandford, Martin Van Barer; New Jet sdj —
Mahlon Virkerion, Ephraim Bateman; Pennsyh avia— Tsaac
D. Barnard, Vv'm. Morks; Delawoi e—T.o;us Mc Ione. Henry
IVI. Ridglcy; Kentucky—Richard M. Johnson, John Rowan;
'Tennessee—John II. Eaton; Ohio—Wdham H. Ham son.
Bemamin Ru^gleSj Louisiana—Dominique Bouiigny; In-
diayui V. illiam Hendricks, James Noble, Ilhnois—Elios K.
Kane, Jesse B. Mhomax; Missouri—David Barton, Thomas
H. Benson—26.
Na\.«.: Maine—John Chandler, Albion K. Parric; New
Hampshire— Levi Woodbmj , Massachusetts—NathanielSils-
bWyRhodp Island— Asher Robbing Maryland—Eyekiel F.
Chambers, Samuel smith; Virginia—Littleton W. Tazcw ell,
John Tyler, North Cat ohva—'John Branch, Nathaniel Ma-
con; South Carolina—Robert Y. Haync, William Snuth:
Geoisia—John M. Berrien, Thomas W. Cobb; Tennessee—
Hugh L White, Loniciuno—Josiah S. Johnston; Alabama-
Wulirim R. King, John McKinley; Mississippi—Pow hatan
Ellis, Thomas H. Williams—21.
SPEECH OF MR. CALEB B. SMITH,
OF INDIANA,
In Hie House of Represintatives, April 29th, 1844—
On the subject of the tariff.
The bill to modify the tariff of 1842, reporter] by
the Committee of Ways and Means, being under
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. SMITH addressed the committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I will not consume any portion
of the time allotted to me under the rules of the
House, in a discussion of the constitutional power
of Congress to impose duties upon foreign importa-
tions, with a view to the protection of the industry
and mechanical skill of our own citizens. If any
question of constitutional power can be regarded as
settled, beyond all cavil or dispute, it is this. The
constitutionality Of a protective tariff was asserted
by the first Congress which convened under the con-
stitution, and a bill exercising the power received an
ardent support from many of the most distinguished
members of the convention which framed that in-
strument. The right of Congress to adopt such a
measure was-notat that time called in question.
From that period to the present time, although our
tariff laws have undergone frequent changes, in ref-
erence to the amount of duties imposed, yet' the
principle of protection - has been recognised in all.
The doctrine that the right to impose duties, with a
view to protection, is not within the constitutional
power of Congress, is one of modern growth; but,
like many other modern political abstractions, it has
but a slender foundation to rest upon.
In regard to the expediency of a protective tariff,
differences of opinion have always existed, and prob-
ably always will exist. That all should entertain
similar views upon a great national question like
this, is not to be expected; its effects upon the various
interests of the community are not at all times sus-
ceptible of demonstration, and, as a necessary con-
sequence, views widely dissimilar in reference to its
policy will be entertained.
It'will be my purpose, in the. remarks which I
shall submit, to examine the question principally
with reference to its effects upon the agricultural in-
terests of the community. My constituents, as well
as the great mass of the people of Indiana, are
essentially an agricultural people; they have no con- |
ncction with the extensive manufacturing establish-
ments which have been the theme of so much vitu-
perative denunciation during this discussion. They
are practical farmers, engaged in tilling the earth,
and look alone to its rich fruits, produced by their
toil, for the means of subsistence. They indulge in
no visionary anticipations of rapidly accumulating
wealth from large investments of capital in machine-
ry and manufacturing pursuits. They have an in-
terest, however, in common with every other class
of citizens, in the general welfare of the country,
and in the promotion of every branch of honest in-
dustry. The success of manufactures can result in
no advantage to them, except so far as it may pro-
mote the general prosperity.
My colleague upon the other side of the House,
[Mr. Owen,] who opened the discussion upon this
bill, presented us a very graphic picture of the pov-
erty and suffering of a portion of the population of
England. This poverty and wretchedness he as-
sumes to be the result of the protective policy adopt-
ed by the government of Great Britain, and urges
that, a protective tariff must produce similar resulls in
this country. That there is much suffering among
the laboring population of that country I am willing
to admit; and the picture presented by my colleague,
although highly colored, may be but a faithful rep-
resentation "of their condition. The source of their
poverty, however, is to be found in other causes
than the protective system. It may be found in the
redundancy of their population—in iheir unjust and
iniquitous church establishment—in the onerous and
oppressive taxes imposed by the government to pay
the interest upon their immense national debt—to sup-
port their splendid navy and extensive army—and to
keep up the splendid pageantry and gilded trappings
of a royal establishment—in the numerous and op-
pressive exactions of a luxurious and pampered aris-
tocracy. These causes furnish ample reason for the
misery and suffering which exist. They are
causes, however, which have no application to this
counti y. and no connection with the protective sys-
tem. There is no analogy between the protective
system of Great Britain and that of this country.
England has not adopted a protective system for the
benefit of her manufacturing interests. Her manu-
facturers require no protective duties to enable them
to sustain themselves in their own market against
foreign competition. The low prices of labor, and
the advantages resulting from large accumulations
of capital, enable them to command their own mar-
ket, and to engage in successful competition for a
large share of the foreign market. The object of
the protective policy of Great Britain is to protect
her agricultural interest against the effects of foreign
competition. By her corn laws she prohibits the
introduction of foreign grains, except at exorbitant
rates of duty, unless unusually short crops render
their admission at lower rates of duty indispensable,
to save a portion of her population from starvation
It is the high price of grains—produced in some
measure by the corn laws—which is there the sub-
ject of so much complaint. It is the manufacturers
there who complain most loudly of protective duties.
and advocate hiost zealously the principles of free
trade. The object most desired by the.advocafces of
free trade there, is a reduction in the price of bread-
stuffs. In this country we have n surplus of bread-
stuffs; and an extended market amLenhanced.prices
are what we most desire. The suffering^ of the la*
boring population of • England, then, furnish noi^ar 
gument against the policy, of a protective tariff.in
this country. Because a protective duty upon hread-
sttiffs there increases the cost of living to the.labor-;
ers, it by no means follows that protective duties
upon manufactured goods will be productive of in-
jury here. - -
The principles of unrestricted free trade, however
plausible they may be in theory, can never be pro-
ductive of beneficial results, and are not likely to be
carried into practical operation between airy portions
of the commercial world. The experience of all
ages conclusively proves this position. That, com-
mercial intercourse between civilized nations, which
will be productive of the greatest amount of mutual
benefit,, is that which is based upon the principle
that each shall purchase from the other what it needs
and cannot produce.' No sane man would contend
that the people of the United States should purchase
their breadstuff's from foreign nations. We possess a~
capacity, for their production equal to that of any other
country. The idea that, we should neglect ourowft
fertile fields, and purchase our grains and provisions
from abroad, would meet with universal condemna-
tion. Yet this position is not more absurd than that
so frequently advocated, that we should neglect the
vast resources of mineral wealth, and the extensive'
facilities which we possess for the production of
those articles necessary to clothe our population—to
furnish them with the implements of husbandry and
the mechanical,arts, and depend upon foreign labor
and foreign commerce to supply us with' these ne-
cessary articles.
An unrestricted free trade, if persevered in be-
tween all the nations ofthe earth, would result in the
entire destruction of the manufactures of the younger
nations, while it would prove equally fatal to theag-
ncultural interests of the older, in which wealthand
capital are concentrated, and civilization and* refine-
ment are most extended. Take off all restrictive du-
ties, and Great Britain would become the manufactu-
rer of the world. Her already extended manufactories
would be still farther increased, until competition
would be destroyed.and her manufacturers would con-
trol every market. Her Manchester and Glasgow
would become the only source of supply for cotton
goods; her Birmingham and Sheffield the sole produ-
cers of cutlery and hardware. The manufacturing in-
terest of tlie United States would gradually, but
steadily decline, until we should reach that degrad-
ing point of dependence and vassalage to which
Lord Chatham wished to reduce us, when he said
"he would not have the Americans make even a hob
nail." There is a prominent and marked distinction
between the influence of wealth and the concentra-
tion of capital on the production of the fruits of the
soil, and on the labor employed in manufacturing.
In the production of manufactured fabrics the appli-
cation of wealth, aided by the discoveries of science,
and the great variety of machinery which the inven-
tive genius of modern times has produced, increases
the facility of production, and enables a community
possessing these advantages to break down and de-
stroy the competition of those possessing them in a
less degree. The power of machinery, and the in-
fluence of capital, cannot be brought to bear so pow-
erfully in aid of agriculture. The younger and less
wealthy nation cannot be injured by the rivalry of
the older in the pursuits of husbandly. Poland and
Russia can raise grain for less than one-half the
price for which it can be raised in England, in this
country, the extreme fertility of our soil, the small
amount of labor necessary for its cultivation, and
the general advantages we possess for agricultural
pursuits, more than counterbalance the lower prices
of labor in Great Britain, and enable us to produce
grains and provisions cheaper than they can be pro-
duced there, if our products were admitted with-
out duties or restrictions of any kind, we should be
able to undersell the British farmer in his own mar-
ket, and ultimately to destroy his business. A free
and unrestricted admission of British manufactured,
goods into our ports would produce an equally dis-.
astrous effect upon our manufacturing and mechan-
ical interests. Under the influence of this compe-
tition, the facilities which we possess for manufac-
turing would be rendered useless; our manufactur-
ing interest would gradually decline, until we should
be compelled to rely upon foreign supplies for every
