636
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
2.8th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. C. B. Smith.
H. of Reps.
our manufacturers by duties upon foreign fabrics, is
not by enabling them to sell their goods at higher
prices, but by extending their market and increasing
their sales. In proportion as a manufacturer can
extend his sales, can he red uce the prices of his com-
modities, and still render his business more profita-
ble, A man engaged in the manufacture of calicoes,
if he can find a market for one hundred thousand
dollars' worth of his goods in a year, can sell them
at a much lower price . than he could afford to sell
them if he had a market for but fifty thousand dol-
lars' worth. The same remark will apply to every
other species ofmanufactures. The effect of a protect-
ive tariff, is to lessen the foreign competition, and
thus enable the domestic manufacturer to extend his
sales, by reason of which he can cheapen his com-
Hjodities. It is not contended that an increase of du-
ties will always be followed by a reduction of price.
Upon such articles as are not produced in this coun-
try—as tea, coffee, and spices—the duty may in-
crease the cost to the consumer. Such may
also be the effect of an increase of duty upon
articles produced here, but not in sufficient quan-
tities to supply the demand. But even in regard
to those articles, the increase of price will rarely, if
eyer,, equal the amount of the duty. The compe-
tition-between the foreign producers for our market
will always have a tendency to bring down the
prices to the lowest point. From an examination of
the tariff of 1842, it will be seen that the duties
which are imposed with a view to protection, are
laid principally upon those articles which can be
produced here to an extent sufficient to meet the
wants of the country. Tea and coffee are _ admitted
duty free.' Many other articles of necessity which
cannot be produced here are admitted without duty.
The duty is highest upon those articles which we
can and should manufacture for ourselves, and the
cost of which to the consumers is not increased.
A comparison of the prices of those articles upon
which protective duties are imposed by the existing
tariff, before and since its passage, will convince
any person that, instead of being increased, they
have been largely reduced. Every species of man-
ufactured goods, cotton, woollen, ana iron, are now
sold at lower priccs to the consumers than they
w.ere before the tariff of 1842 was adopted. There
has recently been a small advance in the price of
domestic goods. This rise has been occasioned
principally by an advance in the raw material, and
an increased demand for labor. This furnishes no
argument against the tariff, but rather one in its fa-
vor. The agriculturist finds an advantage from the
increased price of wool and cotton. It should not
be the policy of our government to adopt any sys-
tem which will have the effect of depressing the
price of labor. The honest laboring portion of the
community, who toil for a subsistence, are as much
entitled to the fostering care of the government as
any portion of our citizens. One of the strongest
arguments in favor of a protective tariff is, that it gives
additional encouragement and more active employ-
ment to the class of our fellow-citizens. And yet
the prices of those articles which the western agri-
culturist are compelled to purchase, are lower than
they were under the lowest duties of the compromise
act.
I would ask you, then, Mr. Chairman, how are
the people of the West taxed by the operation of
this tariff? If it has imposed burdens upon my con-
stituents, I am satisfied they are unconscious of it.
It has been repeatedly admitted during this discus-
sion, by those who oppose the existing tariff, that
the prices of the protected goods are now lower than
they were before the passage of the act; but they
endeavor to account for the reduction of prices upon
other grounds than the true ones. We have been
told that this reduction is occasioned by improve-
ments which have been made in manufacturing
machinery. What vast improvements which have
been made in machinery since 1842, which are at
all competent to such results? I have heard of none,
nor do I believe any can be specified.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Steenrod]
stated that it was evident that the tariff had not re-
duced the price of goods, because the goods which
are admitted duty free have fallen in the same pro-
portion as those upon which the duties are imposed.
If this position be true, that the prices both of goods
imported free of duty and those upon which protect-
ive duties are imposed have fallen in the same ratio,
it furnishes a conclusive answer to the- position that
the duties have increased the prices.
It is idle, sir, worse than idle, to talk of a protect-
ive tariff operating injuriously to the agricultural
portion of the coummnity. No class of our citizens
derives more advantage from it—none are more
deeply interested in its preservation than they. We
have heard much declamation about the impropriety
of protecting the wealthy and aristocratic manufac-
turers of England. It has been repeatedly assumed
that the object of a protective tariff is to benefit them
at the expense of the balance of the community.
Without wishing to join in the Quixotic warfare of
the demagogue, so common in these popularity-seek-
ing times, against an imaginary aristocracy, I will
say, that If the effect of -a protective tariff was
to confer .exclusive privileges upon the manufac-
turers, I should be the last to give it my support.
I desire to promote no legislation which shall
confer exclusive privileges upon the capitalists of
New England, or any other portion of the country.
It is not the capitalists alone who are to be ben-
efited by this measure. The thousands of Ifumble
laborers and operatives who depend upon their
daily toil for their snbsistence, have as deep an in-
terest in the success of our domestic manufactures
as those whose capital is invested in their operations.
Break down smd destroy our manufacturing estab-
lishments, and where will these laborers find the
means of subsistence? Let the principle be estab-
lished that our workshops shall be in Europe, and
what will become of the numerous mechanics now
scattered through every part of the country? If we
are to buy and wear boots, hats, and clothing made
in Europe, how will our shoemakers, hatters, and
tailors, now found in every village profitably em-
ployed, be able to prosecute their business and find
the means of subsistence? If, in carrying out the
principles of free trade, we shall look to England to
supply us with iron and all the various implements
of husbandry, what is to be the condition of our
miners, forgers, blacksmiths, anu others engaged in
the various pursuits connected with the making of
this valuable metal? If, from the fear that some of
our people may become too wealthy by prosecut-
ing the business of manufacturing, we shall pros-
trate our manufacturing interests, we may find, like
Sampson, that in pulling down the pillars of the
temple we are crushed beneath its ruins.
The view which I have taken of this question is
sustained by facts, and the constant experience of
the country. Instead of the farmers of the West
being oppressed and injured by the operation of a
protective tariff, they are benefited m an eminent
degree. The advocates of low duties may still
insist upon their speculative theories—they may
still urge upon the people that protective du-
ties act as a -drain upon their resources and
a tax upon their industry; but the experience
ot every man of observation will convince him that
their theories are false and unfounded. Not only
does the experience of this country, but that of
every other in which the system has been tried,
lead to this result. Look at its effects in Germany.
For many years the people of that country were
subjected to a ruinous unrestricted competition with
the manufacturers of Great Britain. The country
was flooded with British goods, while German
grains were carefully excluded from British ports.
The result was, that the manufacturing interest of
Germany was destroyed; her agricultural interest
was depressed; she could find no market, either at
home or abroad, for her surplus. The prices of the
goods which her people were compelled to purchase
were regulated by a foreign monopoly, until she
was reduced to a condition of degrading vassalage.
As a necessary means of self-protection, several of
the Germanic States formed a commercial union, de-
nominated the "Zoll Vercin," by which they im-
posed duties upon the importation of foreign goods,
for the put pose of protecting their own domestic
industry; in other words, they adopted a protec-
tive tariff. The effects of that tariff may be seen
from the following extracts from the ''Augsburg
Gazette," the leading journal of Germany:
"What a great nation, in the pr<j«cnt age. is withovt m
efficient system of commercial policj, and what it ma> re-
come by such a system, Germany Jus learne'l by i-elf-expe-
rierice withm thes>e ldM twenty years. This country had
long been what Dr. Franklin once described New Jersey to
be—a tun tapped and drawn oft by its? neighbors one"\ery
side. Lngland, not content with having rumed the greater
part uf the German manufactures, and with ba\ing o\er-
whelmed us with immense quantities of woollen and cotton
goods, and colonial produce, repelled from her shores our
corn and timber, and occasionally even our wool. There
was a period when the consumption of English man-
ufactures was in Germany four times greater than in. her
much-boasted Indian empire; and yet the monopolizing
islandexs wvuld not allow us poor Germans the advantages
they concede tQ their subject Hindoos, of paying for the
manufactures we need in agricultural produce. In vain
did the Germans debase themselves, until they became
hewers of wood and drawers of water for the preud Britons.
Nations, like individuals, if they once allow themselves to
be ill-treated, will soon be despised by everybody, and be-
come the sport even of children. France, not content with
laying Germany under contribution for excessive quantities-
of wine, oil, silk, and fashionable trinkets, also obstructs
the disposal of our cattle, corn, and linen.''1
% # * *> # \ * '
"To crown the mockery, it was at the same time con-
stantly inculcated from ,, the chairs of a hundred professors,
that nations could only be made rich and powerful by uni-
vei-sal commercial freedom. Thus it \yas then with us.
How is it now?
"Withm these ten years Germany has made the advance
of a century in welfare and industry, in the feeling of self-
indepcndcnce, and in national energy. And why? That
those revenue barricades which separated Germans from
Germans should be levelled, was well and good-, but poor
would have been the consolation thus afforded .to the na-
tion, had her industry still been left exposed to competition.
It was mainly the protection which the system of the Zoll
Verem sccxiied to the manufacturers of articles of general
consumption, that worked the wonder.
"In respect to articles of general consumption, the Zoll
Vcrein secures protecting duties of from 20 to GO per cent.
But how have these duties operated'' Do-the consumers
pay from 20 to 60 per cent, more for German manufactures
than they formerly did for .foreign, as, according to the
theory, they should? Or arc the German goods worse than
the foreign/ By no means. Dr. Bowring himself bears tes-
timony to the fact that the German manufactures, which
are protected by the high tarifl duty, are better, and sold on
more reasonable terms, than the like foreign articles. The
internal competition, with security against the distressing
effects of foreign competition, has worked this miracle, of
which the economical (free trade) school knows nothing,
and nothing wills to know. The proposition which that
school maintains is, therefore, not true—namely, that a pro-
tecting duty enhances, to the amount of such duty, the
price of the home manufacture thereby protected "
"Well, then, has our agriculture suffered any'detriment
from the high tariff Quite the contrary. It has gained—a
ten-fold gain—during the last ten years The demand for
agricultural produce has increased, and the prices have
everywhere risen. It is notorious, too, that m consequence
of the prosperity of our home manufactures, the value of
landed property has everywhere experienced an increase of
from 50 to 1()0 "per cent; daily labor is every where better
paid, and on all hands improved means of com e} ance arc in
progress to completion, or projected "
Such has been the effects of a protective tariff in
Germany, where it has been fully tested. A re-
• lease from a servile dependence upon foreign sup-
plies of articles of general and necessary consump-
tion; an improvement in the quality of jhose arti-
cles, and a cheapening of the price to the consumer;
an increase in the value of landed property; a more
active demand and enhanced prices for every species
of agricultural produce; an increase of the wages of
the day laborer and the mechanic; and a general
diffusion of enterprise and prosperity throughout
the land. What more could be asked for? What
national measure could be adopted, bringing in its
train consequences so beneficent? What act could
any government perform, which would dispense so
large an amount of benefit upon every class of its
citizens?
What a protective tariff has done for Germany, it
has done for the United States, so far as it has been
tried; and if the act of 1842 can be suffered to re-
mam undisturbed, its rich fruits will be felt and ap-
preciated in the universal prosperity of the coun-
try.
There is another consideration in favor of a pro-
tective tariff, higher and more national in its charac-
ter than any which have been presented. It-is the
necessity of rendering ourselves independent of all
foreign nations in time of war. During the revolu-
tionary struggle of our fathers, one of the greatest
difficulties they had to contend with, was the ex-
treme scarcity of such manufactured goods as were
necessary for the wants of the army. The same
difficulty was experienced, although to a more limit-
ed extent, during the late war with Great Britain.
Our supplies from England were stopped—we had
not the means of supplying ourselves, and articles
of the greatest necessity rose to exorbitant prices.
We cannot flatter ourselves that the halcyon days of
peace will forever continue. The rude blasts of war
may ere long startle us from our state of fancied se-
curity, and compel us to buckle on our armor to
fight for our homes and our firesides. Ought we
not, in view of the possibility of such a contingen-
cy, to pursue such a policy as would render us en-
tirely independent of every foreign nation for all the
necessaries of life? Surely wisdom would dictate
this course.
A glance at the commercial history of this coun-
try will be sufficient to convince every man that we
have erred, greatly erred, by an excessive import-
