638
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
April, 1844.
The Tariff—Mr. Marsh.
H. of Reps.
reflection, that the still small voice of the press.will
penetrate to nooks and corners where the tones of
the speaker are never heard.
- I shall, then, make no effort to compass an impos-
sibility, by essaying a full discussion of-the tariff
question within the space of a single hour, and I
shall limit myself to some remarks of a general char-
acter. I beg, however, not to be understood as un-
dervaluing the importance of minute examination
and precise detail. None couldhave listened to the
instructive speech of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Wethered,] so replete with sound sense and
practical knowledge, without being convinced of the
value of such accurate statistics. But, sir, it has
been my fortune to have had even a better instructor.
I have been schooled in this matter by dear-bought
•xperience. Myself unhappily a manufacturer, I
know too well the indispensable necessity of the
most rigorous exactness in the calculation of the nu-
merous elements of profit and loss. I have learned
how disastrously an apparently insignificant changc
in the'arrangement of duties may affect a large es-
tablishment, and that a trivial modification of tiie
tariff, which shall not perceptibly vary the amount of
revenue, and shall scarcely save a penny to any indi-
vidual consumer, may work utter ruin to the manu-
facturing capitalist, and the hundreds who depend
upon him. But, after all, this experimental knowl-
edge makes me suspicious of the accuracy of statis-
tical detail, and the reasonings founded on it, and I
know not whether I have been more strongly moved
to ridicule or to contempt, by the ignorant assump-
tions and the puerile calculations to which I have
listened on this floor.
Figures, it is said, cannot lie; but this aphorism (a
mere truism in its proper sense) is ill its popular use
a mischievous -falsehood. In the rage for what are
called facts in this calculating age, it is astonishing
how eagerly supposed facts and half truths are
caught at, to the neglect of the most obvious princi-
ples; and how readily these facts, by a Procrustean
process, are forced into accordance with preconceived
theories. So far has this gone that it is time for re-
action. Men are in danger of running into the con-
trary extreme of despising all statistical knowledge;
and, in all probability, "to lie like the multiplication
table" will soon pass into a proverb.
In fact, the uncertainty of speculative estimates in
matters of political economy is such, that we are
authorized only to form general conclusions from a
priori reasoning. We may infer, in general, that
the protection of domestic industry is, or is not, ad-
vantageous to the interests of a nation; but it is im-
possible to determine, even approximately, the ef-
fect of a given duty upon either revenue or home
production, otherwise than by experiment. But the
interests involved in these questions are of such vast
magnitude, that experiments are always in the high-
est degree dangerous; and when you have a tariff
which satisfies at once the demands of the revenue,
the producer, and the consumer, it is the very acme
of madness to adventure upon extensive changes,
except upon such cogent evidence as, in the nature
of things, is hardly attainable. An alteration of the
tariff, which shall add but a few thousands to the
revenue, may not improbably destroy a branch of
business in which millions are invested. You may
safely amend your tariff by the gradual and cautious
change of the duties on single items, or narrow class-
es, but the sudden subversion of a complete system
—'-a passage per solium from protection to warfare—
is an act of absolute political revolution.
Sir, as I have said, there is in the speculations of
political economists a most remarkable uncertainty.
The calculations of the keenest and most sagacious
publicists have been more frequently disappointed
than verified; and there is no branch of human
knowledge in which the results of experience have
so frequently and so flatly contradicted the theories
of the closet. The causes which affect trade and
manufactures are numerous, and oftentimes obscure;
and the reciprocal action of these causes upon each
other, and upon commerce and industry, complica-
ted as it is by unknown and ever-changing influ-
ences, constitutes a problem harders of solution than
that of the perturbations of the planets.
Were we without the light of experience, it would
seem to be a very obvious truth, that you must in-
crease the cost to the consumer of every imported
article by the amount ofboth the duty and profit and
commissions on the capital required to be advanced
for the payment of the duty. But experience is to
the contrary; and you can scarcely cite an instance
in the history of any country whose in-
dustry is ^unshackled and unrestricted by gov- j
ernment, where a protective duty has not been
speedily following by an improvement in the qual-
ity, and a reduction in the price, of the articles pro-
tected; and of this you have had numerous illustra-
tions in the rouise of this debate. The immediate
effect of such duties seems in general to be a reduc-
tion in the price of the manufactured article at the
place of production, the foreign manufacturer sub-
mitting to a diminution of his profits, for the sake of
retaining the market. At the same, moment domes-
tic establishments are growing up; and by the dou-
ble competition of these with each other and the
foreign producer, a further reduction of prices, ac-
companied by an improvement in quality, soon
follows. Various causes concur to produce this
improvement in the qualify of American manufac-
tures, besides the competition to which I have just
alluded—the scrutinizing habits of the consumer,
great mechanical ingenuity in the aitisan, his better
knowledge of the tastes and wants of his country-
men, and above all, the readiness with which he
seizes upon and appropriates every improvement in
his art. In Europe all changes are slow. New ma-
chines or mechanical combinations are for a long
time used only in new establishments, and the fixed
habits of the people, whether laborers or employers,
render tile introduction of new processes difficult and
tardy. The American loves change for its own
sake, and is keen in the appreciation of improve-
ments; and a new machine is no sooner patented
and tested, than the old process is abandoned,
thrown aside, and supplanted by the new. The con-
sequence is, that every manufactory is, at all times,
near the highest attained point of excellence, and
there is an incessant struggle for precedence in the
march of improvement.
It is extremely hazardous to argue from Europe-
an precedents; and perhaps there is no country from
whose condition it is mere unsafe to draw conclu-
sions than from that one which is, unhappily, al-
most the only one ever referred to in our debates,
for the obvious reason that community of language,
frequency and facility of intercourse, and the extent
of our commercial relations with England make us
more familiar with that country than with others,
from which we might draw quite as valuable les-
sons of practical wisdom. The apparent analogies
between our national character and institutions and
those of England, are so numerous and striking as
quite to conceal from the view of the superficial ob-
server those less obvious but more deeply rooted
and most importaut features in which they differ.
Sir, in genius, habits, and condition, the American
people—and I thank Heaven for it—are as diverse
from the people of England as they are from any
Christian nation. Our most cherished and valued
institutions are based on principles fundamentally
opposite to those of the civil and political systems
of Eneland; and apart from community of speech
and historical recollections, and those habits of
thought which a similarity in the forms of language
necessarily implies, wc are a radically distinct peo-
ple. We sir, are the genuine representatives of
that glorious race who overthrew the Stuart dynas-
ty in the middle of the seventeenth century, and the
principles of Cromwell and Milton, which have
now become extinct in their native soil, and no
longer mark the English character, flourish herein
their full vigor. For these reasons, arguments from
English practice are as inapplicable as if diawn
from the policy of the Celestial Empire. There is,
therefore, no force in that argument which would
dissuade us from protecting our own industry, be-
cause England, which protects hers, exhibits so
fearful an amount of ignorance, pauperism, and
crime. There is no parallel between the cases.
You find the same abandoned vice, the same unen-
lightened ignorance, and the same abject poverty,
in every European country curscd with a heredita-
ry aristocracy, a law of primogeniture, an estab-
lished church, ond, to crown all, a national debt of
such magnitude as to weigh like a millstone about
the necks of the people.
So vast is the public debt of England, that, for the
payment of its interest alone, a population but once
and a half as large as our own is taxed annually a
sum equal to the total amount of the debt of all the
American States; and in order that the burden may
not fall too heavily on the rich, the entire body of
lands, in which the poor have no direct interest, is
taxed but five millions of dollars, while the other
taxes, which press most heavily on the poor, amount
to no less than fifty times that sum, or two hundred
and fifty millions of dollars per annum. This is in-
dependent of tithes and church rates, parish charges,
and the thousand other government exactions, which
crush the operative to the very dust. The British
laborer is followed by the tax-gatherer from the
cradle to the grave. His food, his physic, his fuel,
his clothing, the implements of his trade, the hum-
ble furniture of his cottage, his windows, his chim-
neys, the very air and light, and even his shroud,—all
these are subject to direct taxation. His bread he
divides with his temporal and spiritual lords; and
the ruler takes the lion's share. His children are
pinched and starved, that the younger sons of the
aristocracy may be pensioned; and he toils, and
shivers, and suffers, that the self-styled successors
of the apostles may roll m gilded chariots, and dwell
in sumptuous palaces.
It is not, then, the protective system of England
that oppresses her people. No, sir; oil the contrary,
it is that system, and that alone, which enables her
laboring classcs to bear up staggering under such a
load as was never elsewhere laid upon the shoulders
of humanity. Her protective system is not the bur-
den; but it is the elastic spring which alone renders
that burden supportable. Let England abandon
that system, and adopt the insane doctrine of free
trade: would her humble classes gam by the ex-
change3 Admit that their breadstuff's might cost
them less: would their taxes be' lightened by the
loss of a hundred millions in duties? Would their
wages be raised, or their opportunities of employ-
ment be multiplied, by the destruction of her indus-
trial establishments? Would other nations supply
them with manufactured goods at cheaper rates
than they obtain them now? Sir, it needs no CEdipus
to answer such questions as these; and the mail
must be mad who traces the wretchedness of Eng-
land's enslaved laborers to the protection of her .in-
dustry, or supposes that their miseries would be re-
lieved by its sacrifice.
Again, sir, the British statesman may confidently
calculate, where the American can but hazard a
guess. The extent and lelative capacities of the
agricultural and manufacturing interests are known
with great exactness of detail; and the sudden ex-
tension or essential modification of either is difficult,
if not impracticable. Changes are slow. New man-
ufactories will not spring up, like Jonah's gourd, in
a single night; and capital is so abundant, that those
already established will not be ruined of suspended
on account of a trifling fluctuation in the demand for
goods, or in the cost of the raw material. It is quite
safe to assume that my lord will not give up to culti-
vation so much of his forest as is required to breed a
covey of partridges, barely to save from starvation
some half a dozen families who pine for the bread
which those few acres wou'd yield. This would
both curtail his lawful and laudable sports, and
moreover injure the grain-growing interest, by in-
creasing the supply. Such destructive policy is not
to be apprehended from the prudent and patriotic
landholder; and the extension or modification of ru-
ral husbandry is very slowly and cautiously per-
mitted.
It is, then, known what quantity of land will be
cultivated, what grain, or pulse, or roots, will be
grown from year to year, and theamount of prod-
uce is subject to no uncertainty but that of the
seasons. So the manufacturing establishments arc
precisely gauged, and, though these are progressive
m themselves, yet they may be regarded as sta-
tionary and constant when contrasted with our own
ever-changing industry. Unwearied pains are ta-
ken to ascertain the extent of demand for British
goods abroad, and the quantity and probable cost
of the supply of the raw material. With all these
elements an approximate calculation may be made.
The effects of a given policy may be to some extent
foreseen; and the causcs being known, it is safe to
argue that like causes will produce like effects.
With us the picture is reversed. Ofir statistical
details are loose, slovenly, and unreliable, not to
say faithless, to the very extreme of inaccuracy.
The modes and objects of our husbandry, and all
our industrial employments, are incessantly fluc-
tuating. New sources of production are opening
every hour. The amount of any given article pro-
duced in one year scarcely furnishes ground for a
plausible conjecture as to the quantity to be expected
the next; and the most sagacious statesman must
throw down his pen in despair, whenever he at-
tempts to reduce his anticipations of the. future to
even approximate calculation.
I repeat, then, sir, with us all experiment is but
a leap in the dark. Let us be content with present
prosperity, and suffer not ourselves t.o be bewildered
