COJGRESSIONA1 GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RITES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
TUESDAY, JUNE 4, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 40.
[ Continued frmn <Nv. 39.]
A bill to- test the utility of the sub-marine teles-
cope.
A -bill for the relief of John Atchison.
A bill for the relief of William Henson.
A joint resolution for the relief of Saltmarsh &
Fuller.
A bill for the relief of Captain Charles W. Mor-
gan.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy.
Mr. ADAMS rose, and objected to Senate bill 58,
for the relief of Henry DePeyster.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the objection out of or-
der, as the bill had been passed by in its order, and
was laid aside, to be reported to the House.
Mr. ADAMS appealed from the decision.
The question being put on sustaining the deci-
sion, tellers were appointed, who reported 80 in the
affirmative.
Mr. ADAMS withdrew the appeal.
On motion of Mr. STEWART of Connecticut,
the committee rose and reported the bills which had
been agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. WELLER moved that when the House ad-
journ, it adjourn to meet on Wednesday next, at 11
o'clock.
Mr. REDING called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. RATHBUN moved a call of the House: re-
fused.
The yeas and nays \Vere taken on agreeing to
Mr. Weller's motion, and resulted in yeas 39,
nays 74.
The motion to adjourn was negatived.
Mr. SAMPLE moved that when the House ad-
journ it adjourn to meet at 11 o'clock on Tuesday
next.
Mr. REDING called for the yeas and nays; but
they were not ordered.
The question being taken on adjourning over to
Tuesday, the vote was ayes 70, noes 32.
No quorum voting.
Tellers were called for and ordered; and the vote
being taken by tellers, resulted m ayes 70, noes 35.
No quorum voting.
Mr. STEENROD said that several members had
sat still without voting; there was a quorum in the
House, and he called for another count.
After some conversation, the votes was taken
over again, and resulted in ayes 67, noes 35.
Mr. McDOWELL moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. HUNT rose to a question of order. He
asked the Speaker if it was in order to move an ad-
journment when the House was dividing and before
the result was declared.
The SPEAKER replied that a motion to adjourn
would not be in order while the House was divid-
ing and before the lesult was declared. But, in this
case, the question had been taken and the result was
declared. A motion to adjourn was therefore in
order.
The question was the.) put on the motion to ad-
journ, and it was negatived.
Mr. SAMPLE moved that when this House ad-
journs it adjourn to Tuesday next at 12 o'clock.
Mr. HAMMET suggested Wednesday at 12
o'clock*
Mr. SAMPLE did not assent to the modification.
The yeas and nays were called on the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana, (Mr. Sample;) and
being taken, resulted thus—yeas 52, nays 71.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HAMMET moved that when this House
adjourn, it adjourn to meet again at 12 o'clock on
Wednesday; but as it did not meet with the ap-
proval of the House, he withdrew it.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporter by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. JAMES BLACK: The petition of Jonathan Shafer
of Wachington county, Maryland, asking payment for a lost
final-settlement certilicate issued to Chmtian Orendorti.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of John R. Reece, and
IPSpthpjritizens of Knox. Franklin, and Licking counties.
Ohio, of L. O, Granger, and 3d other citizens of soid coun-
ties, of Cullis Runnels, and 3-2 other citizens of said coun*
ties, oJJVbraham Steeman. and 78 oth^rcitizens of &aid coun-
ties, of E. Wheaton, and 50 other citizens of said counties;
praying a reduction of the rates of postage, and that the
irahking privilege be abolished or restricted"
By Mr STEWART of Pennsylvania: The petition of a
number of the citizens of Western Virginia, for an increased
duty on foreign salt: referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 27, 1844.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
free colored citizens of the city and county of New
York, in the State of New York, praying for the cor-
rection of certain errors in the last census, upon
which the Secretary of State, in his letter to Mr.
Pakenham, had found statements which the me-
morialists deny: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. T. also presented eight memorials, from dif-
ferent sections of the State of New York, remon-
strating against any change in the present tariff:
laid on the table. '
Also, a memorial from certain citizens of the same
State against the annexation of Texas to the United
States: laid on the table.
Mr. BARROW presented the memorial of Thos.
L. Adams, praying for the discontinuance of spirit
rations in the navy of the United States: referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial from the
mayor of Baltimore, praying for an appropriation
for the improvement of the harbor of that city. Mr.
P. remarked that, as the harbor bill had been refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce, and would
shortly come before the Senate, he would ask the
memorial to be laid on the table till that bill came up,
when he should move an amendment in accordance
with its prayer: laid on the table accordingly.
Mr. JARNAGIN presented the memorial of
Preston Harret, and other Cherokee claimants,
praying the passage of an act declaring the decision
of the Committee on Claims, under the 17th article of
the Cherokee treaty in 1835, to be final, and provi-
ding for payment of certificates issued in accordance
with their decision: referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. McDUFFIE presented the memorial and
proceedings of a meeting of the citizens of Kershaw,
in the district of South Carolina, in favor of the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States: laid on
the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved that the Committee
on Military Affairs be discharged from the further
consideration of certain resolutions of the general
assembly of North Carolina, touching the erection
in that State of an arsenal of construction and bu-
reau of equipment; and the committee were accord-
ingly discharged from the consideration of the same.
Mr. C. said the Committee on Military Affairs
had also had under consideration the subject of ex-
changes of small portions of property belonging to
the government at Harper's Ferry and Spring-
field, which were desired for the convenience both
of the government and individuals in those neighbor-
hoods holding property contiguous; and, in compli-
ance with the mutual wishes of the parties, the com-
mittee reported two joint resolutions.
Mr. BATES explained, that these exchanges
would be a convenience both to the government and
to the individuals; and as there were some improve-
ments in Springfield awaiting action in this matter,
he hoped the resolutions would now be read and
advanced.
The lesolutions weie accordingly lead a first and
second time, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr." HUNTINGTON remarked that he under-
stood the senator from Illinois {"Mr. Breekr] had
no objection to the reference of his resolution (rela 
tive to the steam vessel Michigan, now construct-
ing at Erie, Pennsylvania, visiting the upper lakes)
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; and he hoped,
therefore, it would be taken up and so referred.
The resolution, on motion to that effect, was ac-
cordingly taken up and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr* PEARCE moved to suspend the previous
orders, with a view of taking up the Senate, bill No.
143, being a bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert
Fulton.
Messrs.* BAGBY and TAPPAN urged the pro-
priety of proceeding regularly with the calendar.
Mr. BAYARD remaked that it was a case of
very great interest to the claimants. It would be rec-
ollected that some years ago the adjustment of it had
been referred by Congress to the Secretary of the
Navy, and upon his report, he believed a bill was
framed; but whether it passed the House he did not-
recollect. It had been since brought forward, but not
acted upon. He hoped it would now be taken uj 
for final disposition.
Mr. BAGBY did not wish to be understood as*
unfriendly to the bill; but he thought it would be
much- more conducive to the public advantage to
proceed regularly with the calendar, than to continue
this practice of calling up bills out of their order.
The bill was then, on Mr. PEARCE'S motion,
taken up as in committee of the whole, its title being
"A bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton,
deceased." It appropriates $76,300, as a balance
coming to the representatives of Mr. Fulton, after
deducting $45,000 advanced to him by the govern-
ment; this balance of $76,300 being in full of all
claims on account of his steamer Vessuvius, and the
use of his inventions and services in the construction
of the steam frigate Fulton.
Mr. TAPPAN inquired what report accompanied
the bill.
Mr. PEARCE explained that the Committee on
Naval Affairs had made no special report, but adopt-
ed that made by the Committee of the House. The
report of the Secretary of the Navy, at the time the
matter was referred to him, would show the grounds
of the claim.
Mr. BAYARD remarked that the report of the
Secretary of the Navy might be read, which would
afford full information on the subject.
Mr. TAPPAN said there was a report made by
the Committee on Claims, of the 26th Congress,
which he wished to have read.
Mr. "WRIGHT observed that, if the senator
from Ohio [Mr. Tappajj] would permit him, he
should like to have a short report read upon this
subject, which was made during the last session of
the last Congress, by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Claims, then a colleague of the honorable
senator in the chair, [Mr. Mangum,] but who was
no longer a member of this body. The reading
of this report, he thought, would be more satisfac-
tory to the Senate than the reading of the report re-
ferred to by the senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bay-
ard.] It was much shorter, and much clearer.
Perhaps it could not, at present, be found among the
papers of the Senate, but it could easily be obtained
by a reference to the public documents.
This claim, during the last session of Congress,
was referred to the Committee on Claims. During
this session it got to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. He remembered very well, (but could not say
whether during the preceding or last session of Con-
gress,) that the chairman of the Committee on Claims
[Mr. Graham of North Carolina] made a very clear
report of the transactions between Mr. Fnltnn and
the government of the United States; and, if his
memory did not fail him, one which met the concur-
rence of a large majority of the committee. If it was
not at present among the papers of the Senate, he
hoped it would be obtained. Before taking the
question upon the engrossment of the bill, he wished
to have this set at lest. He did not desire to con-
sume the time of the Senate; and he certainly pei-
formcd an unpleasant duty to him, when he said
that, although he had not given a very full and careful
examination to this Fulton claim, as it was called,
he could not see that it was a claim at all. At the
first session of his entrance into Congress, in 1827,
the Committee on Claims, if his memory served
him, (and he spoke purely from memory,) reported
a bill—the senator from South Carolina [Mr. Mc-
Duffie] would correct him, if he was wrong—to
pay to Robert Fulton the sum of fifteen thousand
dollars.
Mr. McDUFFIE said there was a bill reported
during that session to pay him $100,000.
Mr. WRIGHT spoke of the Select Committee of
