April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
641
The Tariff—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
tensive possessions in the West Indies and on the
continent; and she occupies, to say the least, an
equivocal .position on the west. But this is not all.
Her ships are traversing every sea, and seizing upon
every advantageous position -which is either unoccu-
pied, or whose possessors are too feeble to resist her
encroachments; and an American whaler can scarcely
bring off a keg of water, or a boatload of cocoanuts,
from a coral reef in the wide Pacific, without pay-
ing tribute to the outposts of England. I know,
indeed, that she has disclaimed that atrocious out-
rage, the forcible seizure of the sovereignty of the
Sandwich islands; but I have not yet heard, that
she has hung, at the yard-arm of his own ship, the
piratical lordling who perpetrated it. Sir, I charge
not Great Britain with cherishing dreams of wide-
spread conquest, or aiming at universal empire; but
he-must be blind, who does not see that she is striv-
ing for no less a prize than the control of the com-
merce of the world. America, too, is ambitious. She
disputes with England the sovereignty of the north-
eastern shore of the Pacific; we are rivals in the
same branches of trade, and the red cross and the
stars and stripes float side by side in every harbor
of every sea. With all these points of contact, dare
we hope that we shall always escape collision; and
is it wise to doff our armor while our adversary is
lacing his helmet'
Sir, on this subject let me not be misunderstood.
No man can more cordially detest the practice, or
deplore the necessity, of a resort to arms; none can
more deeply abhor the hellish passions, the awfut
crimes,- that constitute the very being of war, than
myself; and 1 am not prepared to say, that any, or
even all, of the pending or adjourned questions be-
tween us and Great Britain are worth a war. But,
sir, I know that England is regarded with angry
and inflammable jealousy along the whole frontier,
and a small spark may at any moment kindle that
tinder to an appalling flame. Thus situated, I hold
it to be the part of wisdom to foster and strengthen
our own domestic resources, rather than' to cherish
and rewaid the industry of the alien and the stran-
ger. But I am wandering from the subject, and I
will only pause to express my surprise that gentle-
men of the South, who dread the interference of
England with Texian slavery, and fear the conta-
gion ef her example in her West India possessions,
should yet advocate a policy which necessarily im-
plies much more intimate relations with that formi-
dable rival, and probable enemy. Destroy our
manufactures, and subvert that revenue system
which has, from our national infancy, been the soul
of our finance, and we are at once practically re-
duced to a state of colonial dependence upon our
ancient oppressor. Sir, it was not for this that our
fathers fell at Bunker Hill, at Bennington, and at
Saratoga, and that yours bit the dust in the hundred
partisan conflicts which, at a later period of the war
of independence, dyed your sands with the best
blood of the South.
There is another point of far deeper, though less
obvious, interest than the mere question of revenue,
or the present pecuniary gain or loss to the con-
sumer, and which is most worthy the profound con-
sideration of the philosophical statesman. I refer to
the influence of such manufactures as are carried on
by machinery, upon the progress of mechanical im-
provement, and the consequent multiplication and
diffusion of both the physical comforts and elegan-
cies, and the higher refinements of life The en-
couragement which inventive genius has received at
the hands of the manufacturer, is the principal source
of the astounding advances that half a century has
witnessed in practical mechanics and manipulations,
in the application of science to the arts, and even in
the progress and dissemination of the physical sci-
ences themselves.
The wants of the dyer, the bleacher, the sugar-
refiner, have led to curious investigations and most
important results in scientific analysis; the necessities
of the machinist have prompted improvements in
smelting, refining, casting, and forging metals, and
to a better knowledge of their ores, constitution, and
properties; the demands of British manufactures are
the parent of improvements in mining, mineralogical
research and geological scienee; to them we owe the
invention of the reciprocating steam-engine, and the
introduction of railroads, by means of all Which, not
only are all the operations of government immense-
ly facilitated, but the conveniences of life are so mul-
tiplied and cheapened, that, as has been well said,
the humble cottager enjoys more comforts than an
emperor of Rome in the days of her greatest splen-
dor. Knowledge, too, literally runs down the streets
141)
like a river. The power press sends forth its sheets by
thousands in the hour, and books now cost less
than did the paper on which they are printed within
the memory of members of this House. These arts
are emphatically the arts of peace; these are the true
philosopher's stone, that turns all to gold; these are
the means through whose aid alone the philanthro-
pist can hope to level up suffering, depressed, and
debased humanity. Machinery must supply the
physical wants of the indigent; the power press
must furnish the popular instructor with his text-
books—the missionary with his bibles.
To the improvements in the mechanic arts we
have contributed our full share. We have, then, a
proprietary, a paternal interest in their prosperity.
To them we, of all the nations of the earth, are
most deeply indebted; and from them we have most
to hope. Shall we lay the axe to the root of the
tree which has borne such noble fruits, and which
is still rich with the blossoms of future promise?
What does not the South owe to the cotton gin and
the power loom? arid what would now be the con-
dition of that mighty West, to which we have so of-
ten appealed, without canals, railroads, and steam-
boats, which derive both the motive and the means
of their creation from the progress of manufactures?
Sir, she would still remain a howling wilderness, in-
habited only by savages and wolves, and the game
on which they prey.
Sir, let us have no more idle speculation upon the
future consequences of the existing tariff. Let it be
judged by its fruits; show what evil it hath done;
prove that it has augmented-the current price, or di-
minished the supply of any foreign article of necessi-
ty or extensive use; show that it has reduced the
price or curtailed the sale of any important article of
domestic production; but terrify us not with prophe-
cies of future evil from the operation of that cause
which has crowned the past and the present with
abundant blessings.
SPEECH OF MR. CHOATE,
OP MASSACHUSETTS,
In Senate, April and 15th, 1844—On the subject of pro*
tecting American labor by duties on imports.
[The Senator from South Carolina (Mr. McDuffik) had
introduced, on leave, the following bill:,
_A bill to revive the act of the second of March, one thou-
sand eight hundred and thirty-three, usually called the
"compromise act,''1 and to modify the existing duties upon
foreign imports in conformity to its provisions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jimeiic.a in Congress assembled, That
so much of the existing law imposing duties upon foreign
imposts as provides that duties ad valorem on certain com-
modities shall be assessed upon an assumed minimum value
be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and that said du-
ties be hereafter assessed on the true value of such com-
modities.
v Sec. 2. And be it, further enacted, That in all cases in
which the existing duty upon any imported commodity ex-
ceeds 30 per centum on the value thereoi, such duty shall
be hereafter reduced to 30 per centum ad valorem.
Sec. 3 Andbt it further enacted, That irom and after the
thirty-first day of .December next, all duties xipon foreign
imports shall be reduced to twenty-five per centum; and
from and after the thirty-first of December, one thousand
eight hundred and forty-four, to twenty per centum ad va-
lorem.
And the Committee on Finance of the Senate had reported
resolutions recommending its indefinite postponement, 'ihe
debate arose upon those resolutions.]
Mr. President: It is not my puipose, and never has been,
to engage in a general discussion of this subject. In the
actual circumstances, no consideration could induce me to
do so. Good taste, il nothing el«e, ought to prevent it. in
my hands, such a ducussion could letam neither interest
nor usefulness There is literally nothing at ail left to be
said or to be refuted. Truths, threadbare and "worn to tat-
ters, or novelties, empty, false, sounding, and mischievous,
are at least all that is left. It has come to be pre-eminently
that case in which-"true things are not new things, and
new things are not true things "
Besides, sii, for the maintenance of the doctrines to which
I am devoted, and with the steady and constant practice of
which the comfort, the prosperity, and the greatness oi the
American people, are inseparably intertwined, more gen-
eral discussion is needless. Tho defence of the system of
protection is made, it has been made before and elsewhere
by ten thousand tongues and pens, and by that which is
more eloquent and more persuasive than any tongue or pen
—the teachings of experience—the lapse ol time—the rev-
elations of events—the past and present of our own country,
and ot all countries. It has been made, here and now, by
the senators from Maine, Connecticut. Vermont, Rhode Is-
land, and Georgia, and by my friend and colleague, [Messrs
Evans, Huntington*. Phelps. Simmons, Berrien, and
Bates,] with a fullness and ability that leaves nothing to be
desired and nothing to be added. If this Troy of ours can
be defended; if these daily and indispensable employments
of our people can be preserved to them, if these fields and
shops of useful, honest, and respectable labor—labor which
at once elevates and blesses the individual operative, by
hundreds of thousands, and, in its larger results, contributes
to fill the measure of the nation's glory,—if these can be de-
fended, their hands will have been sufficient to' make the
defence. If theirs are not, my feeble efforts can avail noth-
ing.
There is another reason, Mr. President, on which I decline
that larger and more elementary discussion that has occu-
pied so much of this debate, on which, without the least dis-
respect to any one, I desire to say a word: and that-is, that,
for myself, I cannot consent to regard this matter of pro-
tection as at ail that open question which it. might-seem to
have been regarded by senators on all sides. Sir, I pre-
sume to prescribe no rule of debate to others; npr to crit-
icise, or even to observe upon their course; byt 1 shall not
allow myself to treat this question as open to the extent,
and for the objects that have been, assumed and contended
for. No doubt.there is a sense and an extent in which* it
may, under proper limitations, be said to be always open.
Details may be said to be so. Having due regard to the
great considerations ol stability and constancy—of giving
all things, when once adopted, a fair and full trial, and of
changing nothing from lightness and caprice and the pur-
suit of abstractions,—details may be admitted to be always
open. „ When the lights of a full and fair experience pre-
scribe the change of a duty, it is to be changed. It is open
to inquiry, whether a given or a proposed duty is needed
for protection, or is enpugh to* it. It is an open question
whether the rates of 1789 are sufficient to-day, and whether
those of 1828 are required to-day. . In such a sense 'as this,
this subject, like all law, like all policy, like the steadfast
nature of the constitution itself, is open to the gentle and
lefoiming hand of the great innovator, time '
But whether there ought to be in onr industrial code such
a thing as a policy of adequate protection of the universal
labor of the country—such a thing as a system designed
and sufficient to develop and sustain our whole capacity
and all our forms of domestic employment—on the land, on
the sea, in the arts, everywhere, and m everything, by the
imposition, among other means, of duties on imports—a sys-
tem designed and sufficient to guard the American work-
man, on whatever field, against the-irregular irruptions of
the redundant capital, low rates of interest money, low
wages, under-fed labor and contingent surpluses of foreign
States: this is a question which 1 do not mean, by my ex-
ample, to acknowledge an open one. To the dispute
whether protection shall always be treated as incidental to
revenue, or may be made a principal object itselfj to the
dispute as to when it is an incident and when a principal
object; whether there is such a thing, and what it is, as a
revenue maximum; to disputes about forms of duties, spe-
cific, ad valorem, minimums, and the like, I attach no gieat
importance. I mean, by protecting duties, duties whicli pro-
tect: and whether these duties should or should not be
blended with, and form part of our impost system, I repeat,
I do not mean to discuss as an open question.
And why not open? Because, sir, I find such a system of
protection in operation, de jure and defacto, to-day; because^
I know perfectly well, or all our annals are a dream and a
lie. that the American people established the constitution
and the Union, very much to insure the maintenance of such
a system; because it has been slowly maturing for years;
because so large a concnrrence of patriotism, intelligence,
and experience, has helped to build it up; because,, whether
it was wise or unwise to introduce such a system, by direct
legislation, at first, it would be supreme madness now—now
when the first stages are passed; when the evil, if any. theie
ever was, is all done, and the compensations of good are
just fairly commencing, when capital has taken this direc-
tion,. when prices are brought down, skill learned, habits
formed, machinery accumulated, the whole scheme of
things accommodated to it; when its propitious influence is
feJt palpahly upon agriculture, upon the comfort and the
standing of labor, upon domestic and foreign trade, upon de-
fence, upon independence;—it would be supreme madness,
worthy only of a government nodding to its fall, now to ov er-
turn it; because, finally, it is the daily labor, and the daily
bread of men, women, and children, our countrymen and
countrywomen, v. hom we reckon by millions.
It is for these reasons, sir, that I cannot regard it as a de-
batable question, whether it is lawful, under the constitu-
tion, or expedient m point of political economy, that this
sy«tem should exist.
While, therefore, I appreciate, as highly as any one can
do, the ability and energy with which the senator from
South Carolina [Mt.ivIuDi.ffie] has urged his opinions in
this debate, I must, in conformity with these views, consider
it as a sufficient notice ior me to take of the bill which he
has introduced, and still more, of such a bill as should em-
body the principles of policy and the constitution-which he
has so powerfully advocated—to pronounce it a stupendous
novelty, and there to leave it. It is all a novelty, from the
beginning to the end. In its piinciplc, in its object, in lU
detail", in the argument which accompanies it, it is not
only unlike, but it" is adverse to, it is at war with, every law
that it has passed under the constitution; and not so only,
but U forgets, it disregards, it disappoints the desises., and
purposes, and wants of that generation of our fathers which
called the constitution into existence, and enriched it with
all its vast powers of good. "Why, sir, what is the bill of
the honorable senator; or, rather, what would it be if it
still more exactly expressed his constitutional and eco-
nomical doctrines' It is a bill which aspires to construct
an impost system, from which all purpose of intentional pro-
tection shall be carefully weeded out with thumb and
finger. It goes for revenue, and nothing else. It does not
merely seek to bring into the treasury a certain aggregate
of revenue, having regard to the wants of as econom-
ical administration of the government—that would be
right; but in all its details it looks to m enue alone.
Every single duty is to be laid upon the notion of
getting, that from one item, the largest possible amount
at the lowest passible rate of impost. The bill does
not try to protect. It does not inquire whether it pro-
tects. It does not care whether it protects. Live or die
under it who will, if the aggregate amount of money is ob-
tained, and if each particular duty j ields its piescribed quo-
ta of supply, its end is answered. Yes, sir! The capital,
and labor, and experience, which are producing throe or
four or five hundreds of millions of annual values, may eo
up or go down; the skill which jears have been educat-
ing, may be dismissed and squandered: fountains of nation-
al wealth and civilization may be dried up; machinery.
