CONOR ESSIONAL GLOBE.
e$T
revenue from imports, under an unfounded impres-
sion that Mr. W. was opposed to such a collection,
and preferred a system of direct taxes. No mistake
could be greater; and he now held in his hand what
had been before said by him on that topic, showing
the very reverse to be true. This was the lan-
guage:
"Our fathers concluded to encourage manufac-
tures, by collecting a large portion of their revenue
from imports, rather than deriving it all from direct
taxes and internal duties. Indeed, their rule, like
mine, was to collect, if needed, all the revenue from
imports which they will yield without going higher
in the rates than a revenue standard, and what is
consistent with the preservation in full vigor of our
foreign commerce; but all wanted beyond that
should be obtained from other sources; and, happi-
ly, our lands will usually, wnh that, yield sufficient
for all the expenses of an economical government in
time of peace. It is not inconsistent with free trade
that the imports help, in a due proportion with other
property, to pay the public expenses."
Now, whether these sentiments arc correct or
wrong, he should not now, at this late hour, detain
the Senate to show. But they were sincere convic-
tions; and, after all, differed very little from those
on this point entertained by the senator from Vir-
ginia.
He [Mr. Rives] expressed himself in favor of
collecting our "revenues mainly, if not exclusively,
from duties on imports." So did Mr. W. Tile la-
bored reasons that had been assigned for it by Mr.
Rives were the same which actuated Mr. W., with
some others formerly urged by him, but not requir-
ed to be now repeated. He [Mr. Rives] would also
use the proceeds of the public lands for revenue as
well as duties, it was hoped. So would Mr. "W.
Mr. Rives had observed that Mr. W. formerly, and
properly, had recommended duties on the free goods,
rather than to borrow. This was true: duties as
high as the compromise permitted, and on all free
goods, if necessary, with the lands, to'get a sufficient
amount of revenue to meet an economical adminis-
tration of the government. What, then, was the
difference between them on this subject? It was
one~ entirely theoretical, unless, by accident or mis-
conduct, and never in the exercise of sound econo-
my, our expenses are swollen in peace above what
we could obtain from the sales of the public lands
and a rate of duty on our imports no higher than the
true revenue standard. In such cases if a few mil-
lions more were to be forced from us than could
thus be obtained, the senator [Mr. Rives] thought
it could be obtained by a rate of duty on imports
higher than what Mr. W. deemed the revenue stand-
ard, or 20 to 30 per cent.; and that it was proper for
protection to manufactures, and other reasons, to at-
tempt to obtain this excess in that way. While
Mr. W. believed that an attempt to procure more in
that way would usually fail, and would, ifit succeed-
ed, be injurious to commerce and'agriculture, and un-
equal in its operation as a burden, and ought not
therefore to be pushed, but the excess procured by
some taxes of a different character. As to such
excess then, and in such an occasional exigency a
difference of opinion existed about the proper course
to be pursued in relation to it; and such difference
was the whole that had led to so much elaborate and
hardly necessary argument in favor of raising our
ordinary revenue from duties on imports rather than
from other sources.
The question was then taken on Mr. McDurr.'i/b
motion, and the further consideration of the subject
was made the special order for Wednesday.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 37, 1844.
The journal of Saturday having been read, it was
amended bv the insertion of the names of Messrs.
Bidlack and McIlyaine in the negative in the
yeas and nays on the question of adjournment.
The journal was then approved.
Mr. "HOUSTON rose and said it was evident,
from the thin stale of the House, that they would
not be able to act upon any business of much im-
portance; and, as there were some bills against
which there would be no sort of objection, he would
be glad if the House would resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and proceed to dispose of those bills. One to which
he referred, was bill No. 63, reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands legalizing the sale of lands
in Mississippi.
Mr. WELLER suggested that there was a large
number of bills from the Senate on the Speaker's
table which ought to be read and referred.
Mr. McKAY said he wished to move a reconsider-
ation of the vote by which the House had passed a
resolution reported from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, requiring an inventory to be
taken annually of the property belonging to the gov-
ernment. He moved a reconsideration of that vote,
and that action upon that motion be postponed until
Thursday next, m order that, in the mean time, a
substitute might be prepared. It ought to be either
in the shape of a joint resolution or of a bill.
Mr. PRATT expressed his acquiescence in the
proposition of the gentleman from North Carolina;
and
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, on leave given, intro-
duced the following bills, which were read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union:
A bill to abolish the use of certain oaths at the
custom-houses of the United States, and for other
purposes.
A bill to abolish public executions in capital cases.
The following executive communications were
read and referred:
A message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a reoort from the Secretary of the Navy,
of all cases in which agents have been employed
without authority of law since the 4th of March,
1837, &c.
A letter from the Secretary of theNavy, in answer
to the resolution of the House of the 18th instant,
directing the said Secretary to assign the reasons
why the report of the commissioners appointed un-
der the act of March 3, 1843, has not been furnish-
ed: and requesting him to furnish the same without
delay.
The amendments of the Senate to the bills of the
House of the following titles were severally read,
and concurred in:
An act for the relief of William Glover;
An act for the relief of Louis Cronell, alias Cronk-
hite; and
An an act for the relief of Abigail Gibson.
The amendment of the Senate to the title of bill
No. 171 was concurred in.
The next bill taken up was the bill for the relief
of the orphans, widows, &c., of the officers, sea-
men, and marines, lost with the Grampus, which
the Senate had amended by the substitution of a
bill which, amongst other things, included the relief
of the relatives of the persons lost in the Sea Gull.
It was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and the amendments were ordered to be printed.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read a
first and second time, and referred:
An act for the relief of the heirs of William
Fisher.
An act for the relief of Pierre Menan, Josiah T.
Betts, Jacob Furman, and Edmund Roberts, of the
State of Illinois, sureties of Felix St. Vram, late
Indian agent, deceased.
An act authorizing persons to whom reservations
of land have been made under Indian treaties to
alienate the same in fee: referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
An act for the relief of Henry Gardner and others,
directors of an association called the New England
Mississippi Land Company: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
An act to authorize the payment of equitable
commissions to the agents ana attorneys of persons
in whose favor awards have been made under three
several treaties between the United States and cer-
tain foreign powers, which awards have been retain-
ed in the treasury in payment of debts due to the
United States: referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
An act relating to bonds to be given by cus-
tom house officers: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
An act for the relief of Gideon Batchclder and
others: referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Joseph Bryan, Harrison
Young, and Benjamin Young: referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
An act to amend an act entitled "an act to reor-
ganize the General Land Office:" referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
An act granting a pension to George Wliitticr: re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
An act for the relief of Reynell • Coales, Walter
R. Johnson, and William B. McMurtne: referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act to consolidate and amend the acts in re-
lation to the pensions of the widows and-0)>phans
of naval officers, seamen, and marines: referred- to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act to establish a port of delivery at the city -
Lafayette, in the State of Louisiana: referred to the
Committee on Comiiierce.
An act for the relief-of Peter Von Schmidt: re- ■
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act for the relief of Benjamin B. TFerguson:
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
An act making appropiiation for the repair- of '*
the custom-house ana post office building, at Charles- •
ton, South Carolina, and providing furniture and
book-cases for the same: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
An act to provide for the payment of evidences of
public debts in certain cases: referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
An act relating to the port of entry in the district
of Passamaquoddy, in the State of Maine: referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
An act providing for the appointment and reg-
ulating the pay of engineers and assistant engi-
neers in the revenue service: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
An act for the relief of persons residing within
the reputed limits of the State of Arkansas, or
Louisiana, ani~ beyond the boundary line between .
the United States and the Republic of Texas as
established by the commissioners appointed to ascer-
tain the same: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
An act relating to the unlading of foreign mer-
chandise on the right bank of the Mississippi, op- '
posite New Orleans: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
A resolution to authorize the transmission and
presentation of books to the Minister of Justice of
France m exchange for books received from him:
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on -
the state of the Union.
A resolution to authorize an allowance to Purser
D. M. F. Thornton, in the settlement of his ac-
counts: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A resolution respecting receipts issued by the -
treasurer of the United States in payment for public
lands: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
A resolution to continue two clerks in the busi-
ness of reservations and grants under Indian trea-
ties, were read a first and second time, and referied
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The resolution from the Senate, entitled "a res-
olution explanatory of an act for the relief of Mary
Williams, widow of the late Jacob Williams, de-
ceased, was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
On motion ef Mr. GRINNELL,
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on tile LiBrary be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of publishing three
thousand copies of such of the surveys made by the late
exploring expedition, as they may thjnk will be usefuh and
that said copios lie sold at a price that will defraj the
,pense of publication.
Mr. McDOWELL presented a memorial of in-
ventors, engineers, manufacturers and others, of
Ohio, remonstrating against appropriating the patent
fund to the construction of a wing or other addition
to the patent office; which memorial was referied
to the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. HARALSON presented by leave the pro-
ceedings of a meeting of citizens of the county of
Bibb, in the State of Georgia, in favor of the an-
nexation of Texas to tlic United States; which were
laid upon the table.
Mr HOUSTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. VANCE honed the House would consent to
proceed with the private, calendar.
Mr. WELLER said he supposed his friend from
Ohio was desirous of taking advantage of the ab-
sence of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Cave
J 0hns0n.]
The question was pnt on suspending the rules,
that the House might resolve into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and was carried.
The House resolved itself into committee accord-
ingly, Mr. Chapman in the chair. _
Mr. BRENGLE made an ineffectual motion to '
[ take up bill No. 14.
