642
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
processes, and methods, the splendid triumphs of mind over
matter, may be cast aside, as an old bow, -which none of
tftis generation knows bow to bend, or has strength to bend;
a million hands may miss their accustomcd labor, a million
. months their accustomed food—yet the bill has done all that
it desires, and is perfectly satisfied with itself! Ido not
speak of, nor allude to, the wishes and dispositions of the
honorable mover himself, of course; they, 1 doubt not, are
just and philanthropic; but I speak of the bill. It goes for
- revenue, and if it obtains it, it disregards all possible inter-
mediate consequences.
Such a bill, sir, within the views which I take of this
whole subject, I cannot consent to discuss. 1 pass it by,
with entire respect to its friends, as an enormous and perni-
cious novelty. It is enough for me that no such impost sys-
tem as this was dreamed of bv the people who willed the
constitution into being; or by the minds who framed it and
adopted it, or by any President, or Congress, or party, who
ever administered it; and that no precedent, and no warrant
for such a thing, is to be fbund in all the series of our le-
gislation. Gratified certainly, I have been with the able
and instructive arguments of my friends in this discussion,
showing, with resistless force, that all this is not only
novel, but impolitic; that oar system is not only settled,
but rightly settled. To those reasonings 1 could add noth-
ing if I would; and I would not if 1 could. If, at this time of
day, the labor of the country cannot repose upon the policy
of protection as an established policy, tlwn, indeed, is "the
pillared firmament rottenness, and earth's base built on
stubble."
While, then, I retire from that general discussion of a
boundless and exhausted subject to which we have been in-
vited, I admit that a question more practical, and more
properly to be regarded as open, is involved in this delib-
eration; and that is, not whethef adequate protection shall
or shall not be given to American labor; not whether me-
chanical and manufacturing arts and industry are worth
preserving fcr their influence upon all industry, and upon
individual prosperity and enjoyment, and national wealth
and power; but whether a given or a proposed rate of duty
afford* that adequate protection, and insures the growth of
those useful and those imperial arts. In other words, it is
this question: can you make a proposed great change m
the existing rates, and still leave enough for the protection
which the government and the countrv have determined to
give''
Sir, this is the question which has been moved by the
honorable senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] not now in
his place. That distinguished gentleman comes into this de-
liberation, not as an enemy, but as a friend of a sufficient pro-
tective system. He reminded jou that he voted for the act
of 1824, and voted "cordially" for it; yet that act. beyond all
doubt, permanently laid the foundation of what he calls the
"new system," that he voted for the act ot 182H '•reluctant-
ly," but that he voted for it; that he voted for that oi 1832,
"because it reduced duties on many necessaries," although
it still left, as I suppose, for most objects, a pretty energet-
ic protecting tariff, against which both the then senators
from South Carolina, and six out of nine of her representa-
tives voted; and, finally, that he voted against the compro-
mise act, "because; he thought the horizontal line wrong-
in principle, and for other reasons " Retaining his original
friendship, as I understood him, for a sufficient protective
system, since he expressly declares himself "willing to
give manufactures far more protection than they need," he
however counsels a vast changc of the existing system—a
change which i am profoundly impressed with the convic-
tion that yon cannot make without the ultimate, perhaps
Quick, but at last inevitable destruction of all the interests
which it was created to cherish, and all that multiplied vari-
ety ol individual and general good wli'ch illustrate* and
recommends it. He counsels an abandonment of the exist-
ing system, "the new system,^the system which began, as
lie says, in 1816, and has heen embodied successively in the
acts of 1816, of 1824, of 1828, and of 184*2; the last (against
■which he voted) being in his judgment "the very wors>t of
all." He counsels an abandonment of this system, and a re-
turn to the' 'good old laws," the good old system, tke sys-
tem ofourfathcrs—the system "which began m 1789, with
the beginning of the government"'and continued down to
the year 1S08. He does not advise you to revive any one
law, or any one precise rate of duty, that obtained m the
liappy and peaceful period to which he turns you back It
the system which he would revive. In his terse, forcible,
and clear expression, he sketches rapidly its genei tl fea-
tures, as he wouM reproduce them. ITe indicates rtrUjn
conditions which must be satisfied, and such protection as
can be afforded consistently with the satisfaction of those
conditions he means to leave. As well as I remember, (and
I speak with the most anxious de«ire, in his absence tins
morning from his seat, not to misrepresent him,) araoiif
ihose conditions are these; All mimmums are tu be abol-
ished, ad valorem duties ore (as ] infer, although I cannot
pronounce positively of his views in this particular) to ) c
computed upon the foreign values, luxuries are to be taxed
high; necessaries, although coming in competition with
what are woven in your own looms, hammered out on your
own anvils, eut and stitched on your own shoemakers' or
merchant tailors' scats, are to be taxed low; and no duty,
under whatever denomination, is to ascend above thirty-
t.Hree and one-third per cent "T'he average, on the whole,
he ijilly believes, will not be equal to the twenty per ccnt.
art valorem °f the compromise act" Subject to these con-
ditions. satisfying these conditions to this extent—the dis-
tinguished sector would give you protection. This sys-
tem he advises you to substitute for the existing one. ff it
should happen to tu'jn out inadequate, the manufacturer
and mechanic have this c«?u«olation—that they have mista-
ken their calling, and that the system by which they die is
the ^ood old one of their fathers.
Mr. Pie*ident, upon this counsel of the honorable sena-
tor let me say a few words Certninly, in the very form of
speech in which it is conceived, there is persuasive argu-
ment lie who advices to return to the good oi l system of
our fathers h~s half gained hn audience already. He sup-
ports you to have wandei«jd, it is true, but not far, since he
o-Konrages you that it is practicable and is easj to come
hiVk Ke touches your pious and filial memories Heap-
peak to that powerful preposition towards the past which
Influences the best natures the mpsti joints to the "old
y
paths;" and our feet unconsciously turn to take hold on
them.
But we must pause, sir, somewhat, before we legislate
on such sentiments as those. We must distinguish a little
in this matter, of the imitation of our lathers. It is not \v hat
they did, exactly as they did it, in the special and transient
circumstances of their time, that we are to reproduce with
a timid and literal fidelity of resemblance: but it is what
their principles, their spirit, the general character of their
permanent aims and substantial objects, as exemplified m
their actual policy, would lead them to do now, in the alter-
ed circumstances of our time: this is what we are to dis-
cern and to imitate, if we are to imitate at all,-as becomes
them, or as becomes ourselves. Alwajs, sir, it is- good to
be emulous of the purity, the simplicity,. the patriotism, and
all the heroic virtues of a great and wise ancestry. Very
often is it wise to meditate their legislation. But before
we copy the details of such policy, we must take many an
anxious observation; we must heave the load again and
again: we, must find out on what new sea*?, along what un-
explored coasts of what new continents, the great current
is bearing us; we must sweep the field of midnight sky to
sec what stars have risen and what stars have set; and thus
we must learn wh < change of duty the changc of situation
prescribes, and what the navigators of a former age would
do were they, ^ot we, piloting the ship to-day. To be true
to the principles of« ur latheis, wo must sometimes wholly
desert or substantially modify their details.
What, then, are the arguments by which we are to be
persuaded to substitute the system which began in 1789,
and endured until 1808, for the system -which began in IBIti,
was matured, or nearly so, in 1S24, and exists now7
Well, m the first place, sir, we are pointed to an alleged
diversity—to an alleged "opposition" between the spirit
and principles and objects which presided over the estab-
1'shment oi the former of these systems, and those
which presided ovr the establishment of the lat-
ter. The former, it is said, was framed and found-
ed in a loftier spirit, for better objects, under high-
er influences, with "opposite views," on a sounder princi-
ple. It was framed and founded, not by "imllionary capi-
talists and ambitious politicians," for "political advance-
ment" and "sectional enrichment," but, as I understand the
implication, by statesmen and men of business, fairlj , in
good faith. In that system, levenue was the principal, pjo-
tection was the incident; duties were moderate, and values
were true values. The latter—the existing s) stem—it is
said, on the contrary, was framed by, orunderthe influence
of, "millionaiy capitalists and aspiring politicians," for "po-
litical aihanct ment and sectional enrichment,1 "it makes
protection principal, und revenue thr incident;" its duties
are exorbitant, and its valuations fictitious and delusive.
Now, .Mr. President, 1 find n.\self quite unable to assent
to the historical postulate on \\ Inch this aigumeiu pi oceeds
I do not agree to this allegation, that a spirit presided over
the legislation of 178!) so opposite to that which produced
the legislation of lMt> and 1824. 1 maintain, on the con-
trary, that both generations of statesmen -those of 17^9
and those of ]SH> and 18\M — had exaetlv the same object in
view. Hoth riteiided to do om and the same thing—that is,
to foster and proteet adequately tlvo existing mechanical
and manufacturing industry of the country They lived
in difierent ages of the woild— m different epochs of
our national liistorj- ; and this circumstance pie-
seiibed some diversity of instrumental details. The
impost duties ol \?S9, sufficient and designed to proteet
the domestic labor ol 1780, would have been insufficient to
protect the labor of 1824, and thcrefoic in part thoj were
enlarged. The impost duties ot 1824 would have been un-
necessary to the protection of the domestic labor of 1789;
and therefore they were not then resorted to But ot both
systems the objccts were the same, the principle Was the
same; the policy was the same. 1 cannot denounce one
and applaud the other 1 cannot strike a blow at the greJt
men of lb'2-f, that does not pass thiough and Jit^ht on the
reverend and charmed torm of the father of his eonntiy
himself, it is all one policy ot' protection, one identical
policy, mutate mutandis—• as of the lathers, so ot the chil-
dren! It is I, then, sir, who claim the lights and teacht rs
of the In stand purest age of our political church for our
own in tins controversy. It is I who would reconcile the
living and the dead, and on theii consentaneous authority
uphold, if! can, the stem oi this dav
See, then. Mr. President, if this is not so. And in the first
place, let us be sure that we compiehend perfectly the ob-
jects of the policy, the constitutional and economical doc-
trines of the founders of our "first s> stem," as the senator
from Missouri has called it- -the system of 1789. This is an
indispensable first ^tep. It is not enough to know and to say
thai they laid wiiat you cafl moderate duties The question
is, on what principles did they lav them; forwhat object,
with what intent, on what interpietation of the consti-
tution, on What theory of political economy7 Details vary.
Principles are the same yesterdav, to-day, and through the
ages of a nation's life.
To know, then, m this just and adequate sense, the prin-
ciples which lie at the foundation of our first system, as,
after the honorable senator. 1 shall continue to call it, we
will turn, fir^t, to the model law of July 4th, 17^9 It is en-
titled "an act for laying a duty on goods, wares, and mer-
chandises, impoited into the (Jmted States " It sets oil with
this preamble:
"Whereas it is necessary for the support of government,
for the discharge of the debts of the United States, and the
encouragement and protection of manufactures, that duties
be laid on goods, wares, and merchandises imported''
It was the second act passed under the new constitution;
the first having simply "regulated the time and manner of
administering certain oaths/'
Of this model law, then, Mr President, I assert—1. That
it was as real!) and truly m its principle and intention, a
protective taiift', as the act of 1S21 3 That its framers
meant so to construct it as adequately to foster the rising
but infant manufactures and mechanic arts of America, and
thought they hod done so. 3. That it was ca:>t and fash-
ioned into the particular form m which we see it, instead of
having been left, as at first was contemplated, in a very dif-
ferent form—it was moulded into this form, expressly and
avowedly, for the purpose of protection 4. That of the
^ hole number ol duties which it imposes, more than twen-
ty were made specific duties—were made andleft what they
are, instegd of being loft ad valorem duties, as at first was
contemplated; and that this was done expressly and avowed-
ly, for the purpose of protection. 5. That, of the ad valorem
duties imposed by it, from fifteen to twenty were enumera-
ted, and placed under a higher rate than the rtsiduary, hori-
zontal, unenumerated level of 6 per cent, under which it was
at first contemplated to leave them, and that this was done,
expressly and avowedly, for the purpose of protection. 6.
That fifteen or sixteen articles, which on principles of rev-
enue should pay duties, and which it was at first contem-
plated to subject to duties, are made free, expressly and
avowedly for the purpose of encouraging manufactures and
the mechanic arts. - 7. That the act was under considera-
tion of Congress for a period of nearly three months, and
was most laboriously debated and constructed; that
throughout the whole discussion the constitutional power
to impose, vary, increase duties even to the point of prohi-
bition, for the express and declared purpose of protecting
and fostering the agriculture, the tonnage, the navigation,
the commerce, and the manufactures of the nation; the
economical expediency, and the social and political justice
of,doing so, weie assumed or asserted by all; and were
denied and doubted by no oho member of either branch of
the legislature. 8. That the choice was in the progress of
business distinctly presented to that Congress, to pass an
act in a different foirn from this, which would producc more
revenue in a shorter time than this, but which would not af-
ford so much protection; or to pass this, which would be less
immediately productive of revenue, but would alford more
protection to general domestic labor; and that this was
chosen, expressly and avowedly, because it afforded more
adequate protection. 9. That the actual protection afforded
by this act proved to be, as its framers designed it to be,
entirely adequate.
Sir, if I can maintain these assertions, you may admire,
but perhaps not approve, and not imitate that ingenuity of
discrimination, which praises the spirit that produced this
law, yet denounces the spirit which produced the law of
182'1. You will see, ami you will respect, and you will
cherish, in both, one and the same identical policy of pro-
tection, growing with the growth, strengthening with the
strength, llexible to the circumstances of one and the same
common country. To see, then, if these assertions are
true; I must ask you to trace in the debates of that day the
history of this law—its origin, its first form, its changes, its
growth, its consummation. Look beyond its preamble,
which, however, most exactly and completely unfolds and
announces its objects: look beyond that, to its history.
This, I am aware, is familiar to many of ) ou. I am afraid it
will be tediou- to ail. Vet to us, to all of us, to all who
would know ihe constitutional doctrines and the economi-
cal a ul political theories and practicc of the age ot' Wash-
ington, to ail who would know whether the legislation of
1S24 w,ii> in principle new lolly or "ancient prudence"—'how
far more irnpoitant is this investigation than the history of
many a council of Tent; man} a magna charta, many a
statute of t dwurd, or llcnry, or Charles the First! I will
first relate the lmtory of this law, and then piov e and illus-
trate it.
It was on the Sth of April, 17S9, that Mr Madison opened
the business of constructing a system of impost duties, by
proposing to the House, io pass a mere brief and simple rev-
enue bill. I7e so'd that fheie was not time to prepare a
more comprehensive and complete system, that the object
of immediate importance wasthe speediest practicable sup-
ply of the federal treasury, that, to effect that object, it was
expedient to pass an act which should intercept the spring
importations, by which means more money would be
procured, and in shorter time, than by a moic elaborate
system which would he longer in constiuctmg. In the
actual circumstances, despatch, he thought, was every-
thing. He proposed, therefore, "that Congress should
take, as the basis of the temporary sj stun which he ad-
vised to have adopted,'' the resolution passed by the old
Congiessof 1783. That resolution imposed specific duties
on seven enumerated articles, to wit: spirituous liquors,
wines, tea, roft'ee, sugar, cocoa, and pepper, (not one of
which, except rum, could lie reckoned of the class of pro-
tected articles, no other of them coming into competition
with anv thing produced in the United States,) and on all
otherarticles, without enumeration, ahorizontalad valorem
of five per cent. This resolution, "with a clause or two
respecting tonnage,he proposed to adopt as a temporary
measure of revenue, adapted to the actual circumstances of
the moment.
You understand, then, Mr Madison's first plan. If it had
been adopted, we should have seen, for the first and la*t
time, that "faultless monster which the world ne'er saw,"
a pure, sheer, mere revenue tariff Some unintentional and
unhappy incidental protection even such as a tariff would
> icld—with winch constitutional and economical purists
must have borne a? well a« they could. But. upon the
whole, it would have come as nearthe notion of an unadul-
terated "lovenue measure" as the lot of humanity will ad-
mit. But was it adopted' Nothing like it, sir
Upon its being opened, Mr. Uitzsimons, of Pennsv ltania,
rose and said that he desired to see a more permanent sys-
tem adopted, and one that should "carry its views much
lurthci >■" a system home way adequate to our whole actual
situation, "as it respects our agriculture, our manufactures,
and our commerce,'" a system which "should encourage
domestic production, and foster the infant manufactures of
America" He proposed, therefore, that instead of adopt-
ing the little revenue resolution of the old Congress, an ex-
tended bill of detail should be framed, proceeding by enu-
meration of all the subjects of duty, and imposing on each
the particular rate which should blend with revenue the
requisite amount of protection.
Here, then, you see two plans, two bills, different in ob-
jc-ct, difierent in details, were pieyentcd to the choice of
Congress. And thereupon a short debate arose on the ques-
tion, which general scheme and frame of impost law should
be adopted In suppoitof Mr Madison's original proposi-
tion, it was urged -'that the great object of the moment was
revenue: that for this, despatch was indispensable: and that
the brief revenue resolution, adopted at once, would, by in-
tercepting the expected importations of the spring, bring
more money nito the treasury, in a shorter timc; than a
