April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess
The Tariff—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
law more carefully matured and passed at a later day." To
tills it was answered, by Mr. Fitzsimons and others, ''that
it might be admitted, and was probably true, that the plan
first proposed would yied a more immediate supply to an
exhausted trea&uiy, but that there weie objects of even
more importance than that—object*! which that plan could
not accomplish; that among these were the "encourage-
ment of domestic productions, and the protection of Amer-
ican manufactures; and that if time were necessary to frame
a bill which should comprehend and accomplish these, time
must be taken for it, whether the treasury were immediate-
ly filled, or remained somewhat longer empty."
After a short debate, Mr. Madison yielded to the sugges-
tion of Mr. Fitzsimons; the basis, which he at. first had
proposed to proceed on, was abandoned, and the House en-
gaged assiduously m the business of constructing a blended
revenue andtarift bill, by enumeration; each member bring-
ing forward such articles as he deemed worthy of being
taken out of, and raised above the unenumerated level of 5
per cent., and moving such duties upon them as he thought
proper, whether on considerations of revenue or protection.
The bill was matured, and became a law on the 4th July,
1789. Instead of a law of ten lines, laying a half dozen spe-
cific duties upon articles not coming in competition with
any domestic manufacture, and an ad valorem duty of five
percent on all other articles, without enumeration; it be-
came a law of six sections, imposing more than twenty
specific, and more than fifteen ad valorem duties, expressly
for protection, admitting sixteen articles free of duty, which
a mere revenue tariff should and would tax—for the sole
purpose of encouraging domestic arts; laying tonnage du-
ties for the benefit of American tonnage; distributing, with
a comprehensive and parental impartiality, its fostering care
over the agriculture of the youth and West; the fisheries
and'navigation of the East; the mechanical trades of the vil-
lages and towns; the manufacturing industry of the. whole
country; over the producer of cotton, indigo, and hemp;
the grain grower and grazier; fishermen and the owners of
ships; workmen in leather, clothing, cordagc, iron, glass,
paper, and wood—the universal existing labor of the young
America—a law exactly and completely conforming to the
announcement of its preamble; laying duties "for the sup-
port of government, for the discharge of the debts of the
United States, and the encouragement and protection of
manufactures."
Such, sir, is the history of the model tariff, the corner
stone of the senator's good old system of our fathers. I am
now to prove this; and I shall do it by a few selections from
the speeches of different gentlemen m that debate, reported
in the first volume of "Uebatesand Proceedings in Congress,
&c., compiled by Joseph Gales, Senior''
I begin with a passage or two indicating Mr. Madison's
original plan, and the reasons assigned for adopting it.
Upon introducing it, he said:
"The deficiency in our treasury has been too notorious
to make it necessary for me to animadvert upon that sub-
jact. Let us content ourselves with endeavoring to remedy
the evil."
"The second point to be regarded in adjusting import
duties relates to revenue alone; and this is the point I
mean more particularly to bring into the view of the com-
mittee."
"The propositions made on this subject by Congress in
1733 having received, generally, the approbation of the
several States of the Union, in some form or other, seem
well calculated to become the basis of the temporary sys-
tem which I wish the committee to adopt. I am well aware
that the changes which have taken place in many of the
States, and in our public circumstances, since that period,
will require, in some degree, a deviation from the scale of
duties then affixed; nevertheless, for the sake of that expe-
dition which is necessary in order to embrace the spring
importations, I should recommend a general adherence to
the plan.
"This, with the addition of a clause on tonnage, I will
now read, and with leave, submit it to the committee, hoping
it may meet their approbation as an expedient, rendered
eligible by the urgent occasion there is for the speedy sup-
plies of the federal treasury, and a speedy rescue of our trade
from its present anarchy."
He then read the resolution of 1783, which was in these
words:
"Resolved, (as the opinion of this committee,) That the
following duties ought to be levied on goods, wares, and
merchandise, imported into the United States, vr/: On rum,
per gallon, — of a dollar; on all other spinlous liquors,—;
on molasses,—, on Madeira wine,—; on all other wines,
 ; on common bohea tea5!, per lb , —; on all other teas, —;
on pepper, —, on brown sugars, —, on loal sugars, —; on
all other sugars, —, on cocoa and coftee;—; on all other
articles, — per cent, on their value at the tune and place of
importation ",
And after Mr Fitzsimons had disclosed his preference for
a more comprehensive and protective measure, and Mr,
Madison had yielded to the suggestion, he (Mr. Madison)
said:
'•From what has been suggested by the gentlemen that
have spoken On the subject belore us, I am led to apprehend
we shall be under the necessity ot travelling further into
an investigation of principles than what I supposed would
be nccessary, or had in contemplation when I offered the
propositions before vou.
"It was my view to restrain the first essay on this subject
principallv to the object ol revenue, and make this rather
a temporary expedient than any thing permanent. I see,
however, that there are sliung exceptions against deciding
immediately* on a part of the p>an, hic.h I had the honor to
brine forward, as wpII as against an application to the re-
sources mentioned m the list ol articles just proposed by
the ecntleman iiom Pennsylvania
"I presume that, however much we may be disposed to
promote domestic manufactures, we ought to pay some re-
gard to th° present policy of obtaining leienue. It may be
remarked, also, that by fixing on a temporary expedient for
this purpose, we may ejain moie than we shalllose by sus-
pending the consideration of the other subject until w e ob-
tain fuller information of the state of our manufactures. We
fcave at this time the strongest motives for turning our at-
tention to the point I have mentioned ^every gentleman sees
that the prospect of our harvest from the spring importa-
tions is daily vanishing; and if the committee delay levying
and collecting an impost until a system of protecting duties
shall be perfected, there will be no importations of any con-
sequence on which the law is to operate, because by that
time all the spring vessels will have arrived. Therefore;
from a pursuit of this policy, we shall suffer a loss equal to
the surplus which might be expected from a system of high-
er duties."
See, too, how others understood Mr. Madison's first prop-
osition.
Speaking of it, Mr. Boudinot said:
"The plan which he has submitted to the committee ap-
pears to be simple and sufficiently complete for the#present
purpose; I shall, therefore, for my own part, be content
with it."
Mr. Lawrence concurred in this construction^ it:
"If I am not mistaken, the honorable mover of this plan
viewed it as a temporary system, particularly calculated
to embrace the1 spring importations; hence it may be
proper to lay a duty at a certain rate per cent on the value
of all articles, without attempting an enumeration of any;
because, if we attempt to specify every article, it will ex-
pose us to a question which must re<fuire more time than
can be spared, to obtain the object that appears to be in the
view of the committee.
"By adopting the plan I have" mentioned, you will em-
brace the spring importation, and give time for digesting
and maturing one upon more perfect principles; and, as the
proposed system is intended to be but a temporary one, that
I esteem to be best which requires the least time to form
it."
And Mr. White, opposing Mr. Fitzsimons's suggestion in
favor of substituting a more mature measure in place ol Mr.
Madison's, observed:
"I am inclined to think, that entering so minutely into the
detail will consume too much of our time, and thereby,lose
us a greater sum than the additional impost on the last-men-
tioned articles will bring in; becausc there maybe doubts
whether many of them are capable of bearing an increased
duty.
"This law would continue until mature deliberation, am-
ple discussion, and full information, enabled us to complete
a perfect system of revenue: for, in order to charge specified
articles of manufacture, so as to encourage our domestic
ones, it will be necessary to examine the present state of
each throughout the Union This will certainly be a work
of labor and time, and will perhaps require more of each
than the committee have now in their power."
I have read more than enough to show you the nature and
objectsofMr Madison's first revenue resolution Letmenow
advert to a selection or two which may display the nature
and grounds and objects of the plan presented by Mr. Fitz-
simons in opposition, and which was approved by Con-
gress.
In introducing it, Mr. Fitzsimons said:
"I observe, Mr. Chairman, by what the gentlemen have
said who have already spoken on the subject before you,
that the proposed plan of revenue is viewed by them as a
temporary system, to be continued only until proper mate-
rials are brought forward and arranged in more perfect
form. I confess, sir, that I carry my views on this subject
much further—that I earnestly wish such.a one which, in
its operation, will be some way adequate to our present
situation, as it respects our agriculture, our manufactures,
and our commerce.
"I have prepared myself with an additional number of
enumerated articles, which I wish subjoined to those al-
ready mentioned in the motion on your table. Among these
are some calculated to encourage the productions of our
country, and protect our infant manufactures, besides others
tending to operate as sumptuary restrictions upon articles
which are often termed those ©f luxury."
He therefore offered the following resolution:
"Resolved, (as the opinion of this committee,) That the
following duties ought to be laid on goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, imported into the United States."
I will not read the entire list of articles enumerated in his
resolution, but among them were upwards of thirty coming
in competition with those produced or made in the United
States, the production and manufacture of which was in-
tended to be encouraged.
He was followed and supported by his colleague, [Mr.
Hartly,} who said:
"I have observed, sir, from the conversation of the mem-
bers, that it is is in the contemplation of some to enter on
this business in a limited and partial manner, as it relates to
revenue alone, but, for mj own part, I wish to do it on as
broad a bottom as is at this time practicable. The observa-
tions of the honorable gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Tucker,] may have weight m some future stage of the busi-
ness, for the aiticle of tonnage will not probably be de-
termined for several days, before which time his colleagues
may arrive and be consulted in the manner he wishes; but
surely no argument derived from that principle can opeiate
to discourage the committee from taking such measures as
will tend to protect and promote our domestic manufactures.
If we consult the history of the ancient world, we shall see
that they have thought piopei, foi a long time past, to give
great encouragement to the establishment of manufactures,
by laying such partial duties on the importation of foreign
goods as to give the home manufactures a considerable ad-
vantage in the price when brought to market. It is also
well-known to this committee, that there are many articles
that will bear a higher duty than others, which are to re-
main m the common mass, and to be taxed with a certain
impost ad valorem. From this view of the subjcct, I think
it both politic and just that the fostering hand of the general
government should extend to all those manufactures which
will tend to national utility I am therefore sorry that pen-
tlwnen seem to ux their mind to so early a period as 1783;
for we very well know our circumstances are much changed
since that time: we had then but few manufactures among
us and the vast quantities of goods that flowed in upon us
from Europe, at the conclusion of the war, rendered those
few almost useless^ Sincethen we have i>een, forced by'ne-
cessity, and various other causes, to jncre^e our domestic
manufactures to such a degree'as to be ab?£to furnish some
in sufficient quantity to ajiswer ,the 'cofisumptfon'^of the
whole Union, while othersaje daily, knowing, ilnto^ impor-
tance. Our stock of materials is, in 'maiiy jin3t^£^ equal
to the greatest demand, and 'our art* saris. sufficierit'ro'-Hvorfe:
them up, even for exportation. la thesij cases^I tiBfrftjta be
the policy of every enlightened natitfir^give "theyr■'Manu-
factures that degree of encouragement .nep%ssaVy |o *^rfect
them, without oppressing the other'watts of the, commu-
nity; an<2-Under this-encouragement, th6 indi/stly "of "tif& ^man-
ufacturer will be employed to,add'iotiiefw,eatth of the na-
tion. Many of the. articles hi the list pft>postfd by my worthy
colleague will have this tendency; and therefore i wish
them to be received and considered by the committee; if-suf-
ficient information cannot be obtained as to the circum-
stances of any particular manufacture, so a's- to enable the
committee to determine a'proper degree-of encouragement,
it may be relinquished; but at present it will, perhaps, be
most advisable to receive the whole."
And Mr. Madison, yieldihg'to the^e and other considera-
tions in favor" of a more extended 'and comprehensive
scheme of imposts than his pwn first plan, proceededto un-
fold, in aspeech of much clearness and frankness,- the prin:.
ciples upon'which such at scheme -should, be. constructed.
Declaring himself then in favor, as the general rule, of a
"very free system of commerce," he s&id: '
"If my general principle is a'good-one, that commerce
ought to be free, and labor and industry left at large to" find
its proper object, tbe onlythingwhichremains-will.be to
discover the exceptions that do not come within the rule'I
have laid down. 1 agree with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, that there are exceptions, important in themselves,
and which claim the particular attention of the- committee.
Although the freedomof commerce would-be f 3
ous to the world, yet, in some particulars, one nation wight
suffer to benefit others, and this ought to be for the general
good of society. . \
"If America were to leave her ports perfectly free, and
make no discrimination between vessels owned by her citi-
zens and those owned by foreigners,\*hile other nations make
this discrimination, it is obvious that such policy would go
to exclude American shipping-altogether from foreign ports,
and she would bernaterially affected in one of her most im-
portant interests. To this we may add another considera-
tion; that, by encouraging the means of transporting our
productions with facility, we encourage the raising them;
and this object, 1 apprehend, is likely to be kept jn view by
the general government.
"Duties laid on imported articles may have an effect
which comes within the idea of national prudence. It may
happen that materials for manufactures may grow up with-
out any encouragement for this purpose. It has been the
case in some of the States; but in outers regulations haye
been provided, and have succeeded in prodncing some es-
tablishments,-which ought not to be allowed to perish, from
the alteration which has taken place. It would be cruel to
ncglect them, and divert their industry to other channels':
for it is not possible for the hand of man to shift from one
employment to another, without being injured by the
change. There may be some manufactures, which, being
once formed, can advance towards perfection, without any
adventitious aid; while others, for want of the fostering
hand of government, will be unable to go on at all. Legisla-
tive attention will therefore be necessary to collect the -
proper objects for this purpose, and this will form another
exception to my general principle.
"Upon the whole, as I think some of the propositions may
be productive of revenue, and some may protect our domes-
tic manufactures, theugh the latter subject ought not to be
too confusedly blended with the former, I hope the commit-
tee will receive them, and let them lie over, in order that we
may have time to consider how far they are consistent with
justice and policy."
You see, then, that in place of the original mere revenue
measure, it was proposed to substitute a law which should
reconcile with the purpose and the effect of raising revenue
the purpose and effect of an adequate protection of domes-
tic labor. This proposition was adopted, and thereupon
the House proceeded to frame a bill of enumerations and of
discriminations. After Mr. Madison had intimated his opin-
ion that a more elaborate measure than he -at first designed
was made necessary; and after Mr. Fitzsimons's motion, and
his list ot enumerated articles, had been received and was
pending, Mr. Goodhue said:
"I think, when the original motion was introduced, it was
only intended as a temporary expedient; but, from whathas
fallen from the gentleman on this subject, I sin led to be-
lieve that idea is abandoned, and a permanent system is to
be substituted in its place. I do not know that this is the
best mode of the two, but perhaps it may take no more time
than the other, if we apply ourselves with assiduity "to the
task." . -
In the same stage of the business— .
"Mr Cl\ mer submitted it to the consideration of the com-
mittee. how far it was best to bring propositions forward in
this way—not that he objected to this mode of encouraging
manufactures and obtaining revenue, by combining the two
objects in one bill. He was satisfied that a political neces-
sity existed for both the one and the other, and it would
not he amiss to do it in this way; but perhaps the business
would be more speedily accomplished by entering upon it
systematically.7'
Mr Boudinot said: , .r I
"The subject in debate was originally brought forward as
a temporary expedient to obtain revenue to support the exi-
gencies of the Union. In has been changed by successive
motions for amendment; and the idea of a permanent system,
to embrace every object connected with commerce, manu-
factures, and revenue, is held up in its stead.
"Let us take, then, the resolution ofCongress, in 1783, as
presented bv the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.-
Madison ] arid make it the basis of our system, adding only-
such protecting duties as are necessary to support the man-
ufactures established by the legislatures of the manufactii"
ring States."
The House then plunged at once into the details of %
