COyqRESSIQNAL
'he hod iust reported from the Committee on the Li-
'brarv, was taken-up for consideration.
Mr. MOREHEAD inquired what- waa the object
■ of Ae^fertibSifa-rid in ^vb^t rftannerit-would' affect,
and ho-wfar,;th«<&igtnal ioin€;r<Ss6lvitioii?
• Mr. TAPPAN explained that ihejoint resolution
required one hundred copies of the journaliof the
■ House, and fifty coftieS o*f the journal of the Senate,
to-be'furnished to th  State department;-Which Had
t beWcofn'strued to mean frrim the beginning 6f the
present session; tut, as only the bare number -re-
'"qpteed for both Houses had been printed, it 'was
found that to'repfint-'these few .copies would cost a
very la|-ge surft of money in comparison with copies
"struck-off from type already set. It was, therefore,
•recommended to suspend the operation of the origi-
nal resolution until the next session of Congress.
Tlie resolution was ordered'to be engrossed; and,
subsequently, it was passed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from a
, nurftbet1 "of the citizens of Pennsylvania, asking
. Congress to annex Texas to the United States with-
out delay: laid on the table.
Mr. LEWIS presented a memorial. from a large
meeting of the citizens of Eufaula, Ala., in favor of
the annexation of Texas to the United States.
• The till discussed yesterday, entitled "a bill con-
cerning naval pensions," Was taken upon on its
third reading, read and passed. The title of the bill
was,'on motion of Mr. Bayard, so amended as to
read, "a bill renewing certain pensions."
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from a meet-
ing of citizens of Shenandoah, Va., praying that
- there shall be no interference with the present tariff:
" referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert Ful-
ton was taken up, read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the previous orders
were suspended, and the Senate bill 172, entitled
"a bill concerning furloughs in the naval service,"
was taken up, as in committee of the whole, for
consideration.
Mr. BAYARD submitted, with the concurrence
of the Naval Committee, several verbal amendments;
which were adopted.
The bill, thus amended, was reported back to the
Senate, and the amendments were concurred in. In
its amended form, it is as follows:
}ie it enacted by the Senate and House <f litpresentatiies of
the United States of .ftmerican in (Umgn'ss assembled, That
the Secretary of the Navy be, and is hereby, authorized,
whenever in lus opinion any officer should be put on fur-
lough as unfit for duty, from age, infirmity, or other causes,
to convene a board ol officers, to consist of not less than
four nor more than seven members, who shall take into
consideration the case of any such oliicer. The decision
of a-roajority of said board shall he final and conclusive;
and, from the time of such decision, such officer directed to ,
he put on furlough, shall be out of the line of promotion,
and shall receive pay at the rate of half the sea pay belong-
ing; to his grade.
No officer put on furlough by the decision of such a board
shall bo again employed, unless upon the recommendation
of a subsequent board, similarly constituted.
The said board shall be composed, as far as circumstances
will permit, of officers senior in rank to the individual
whose ca«i> is submitted to such board.
Provided, always. That if a majority of the said board
shall be of opinion, m the case of any officer submitted 10
them for furlough, that he should have been subjected to
trial by a court martial for any oft'ences committed by him,
they shall certify such opinion to the Secretan of the
Navy, whoso duty it shall be forthwith to order a court
martial for the trial of such officer
Sec -2. Jtndhe it fa) ther enacted, That the members of said
board shall be sworn or affirmed by the presiding officer;
and the presiding officer shall be su'oui or affirmed by the
next junior member m rank, to hear ami dncido each ca o
submitted to them, without prejudice, favor, or partialit}.
The individual whose case is to be submitted to such board
shall have dm> notice given him, by the Secretin y of the
Navy, of the reasons to be submitted to the said board for
tiieir decision; and shall be directed to appear before the
said board in person, and make such explanations o : he may
think proper, in writing or by parole.
[There is another section, added by amendment,
repeating the act of 3d March, 3825," Mith certain
reservations concerning half-pay.]
It was then ordered to be engrossed for a thiid
reading; and subsequently it was rend, and passed-
^ On motion of Mr. JARNAGIN, the report of tlie
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, in relation to
the petition ot Nahum Ward, laid on the table some
time ago, was taken up, and the petition, with doc-
uments since furnished by the claimant, alleged to
contain additional evidence, was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Ihe engrossed bill "relating to certain collection
districts, and for other purposes," was read a third
time, and passed.
The engrossed bill "authorizing the opening of a
Canal around the falls of St. Mary's, at the outlet
of "Lake Superior," next came up on its"third'
reading, * , .,
Mr. TAPPAN moved to recommit the bill, with
instructions * to 1 the committee to report a bill, as a
substitute, granting a sufficiency of the public lands
to the State of Michigan for the construction of the
canal. There were, he considered, several insupera-
ble objections to the bill in its present form. It pro-
posed to make a canal in the State of Michigan,
without asking the consent of the State, or obtain-
ing the necessary jurisdiction. It is to be a canal
constructed by the general government—the most
expensive and inefficient agency for such a work
that could be thought of It increased unnecessa-
rily executive patronage and extravagance, instead of
economy in expenditure., For these resons he
moved the recommittal of the bill.
Mr. PORTER read a resolution of the legislature
of Michigan, adopted at its last session, instructing
the senators in Congress and recommending the
representatives of that State to co-operate in promot-
ing this work by the general government.
Mr. TAPPAN did not understand this as con-
veying the right of jurisdiction to the United States.
Messrs. PORTER and WOODBRIDGE ex-
plained at great length the importance and value of
the canal proposed, and the circumstances which
insured the cordial co-operation of the State of Mi-
chigan.
Mr. TAPPAN showed that, if the general govern-
ment proceeded to make the canal as now proposed,
it would have no jurisdiction, no right to collect
tools, no redress for offences, such as breaking down
locks, and dams, &c.
Mr. PORTER thought these details would be at-
tended to in the farther legislation necessary to com-
plete the work. The present bill only contemplated
commencing the work with about one-third of the
means requisite to complete it.
The motion to recommit was negatived.
Mr. HAYWOOD pointed out the wording of the
bill, which gave unlimited pou er to the President of
the United States to incur any expense he pleased,
no matter how enormous it might be, in the con-
struction of the work.
After a short discussion on this point between
Messrs. PORTER, TAPPAN, HAYWOOD,
BREESE, and WHITE,
Mr. HAYWOOD moved to recommit the bill,
with instructions so to amend it as to limit all con-
tracts and expenditures under its authority to the
sum therein appropriated; and on this motion he
called for the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, result-
ed—yeas 10, nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Bagby, Benton, Fairfield,
Haywood, linger, Johnson, Niles, Sumple, and Wood-
bury—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Bates, Breese, Buchanan, Choate, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Dayton, Kvans, Francis, Jarnagm, Merrick,
Morehoad, Pearce, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Sturgeon,
Tallmadge, Tappan, Uphum, White, and Woodbridge—'>2.
So the Senate refused to recommit the hill.
The question recurring, "Shall this bill pass?" the
yeas and nays thereon were called for by Mr. Tap-
pan, and ordered; and they resulted—yeas 22, nays
14, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Benton, Breese,
Buchanan, Clioate, Crittenden, Evans, Francis, Johnson,
Ivlcrriclc, Morehoad. Pearce, Phelps, Porter. Simmons,
Stnr&eon, Tallmadge, Upham, "White, and Woodbridge—22.
NAYS—Messis. Archer, Atherton, Bagby, Cbyton, Fair-
field, Haywood, finger, Lewis, Mangum, Millei, Kiles,
Semple, Tappan, and Woodbury, 14
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the previous or-
ders were suspended, and the bill for the relief of
William De Buys, late postmaster of New Orleans,
was taken up, as in committee of the whole, for con-
sideration.
Mr. MERRICK moved to amend the amendment
reported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Pottst Roads, by filling up the blank with §5,000;
which amendment was adopted.
# Mr. HUNTINGTON called for some explana-
tion of the bill.
Mr. MERRICK explained, that by the rules and
regulations of the Post Office Department, the emol-
uments of deputy postmasters were so regulated
that no postmaster could retain for his own use
more than a surplus of $2,000 out of the commis-
sion in account, and $3,000 out of the rent of boxes
for private accommodation, both together not ex-
ceeding $5,000. In the great cities, such as New
York, Philadelphia, &c., the surplus in each ease
was always sufficient after office expenses, and clerk
hire; but in New Orleans, owing to the high sal-
aries" of'clerks, and'extraordinary expenses, the
surplus from the commission fell short of
'$2,000, though ,the surplus from the rent of boxes
far exceeded $3,000. The object of the bill was to
allow the deficiency of the former to be made up
from the excess of the,latter, so that the postmaster
should reeeive the full compensation of $5,000, to
which he was entitled^ as incumbent of an office
of the-grade of the New Orleans post office.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate, the
amendment concurred jn,- and it was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. MILLER offered the- following resolution,
and requested its consideration now:
Resolced. That the Secretary of the Treasury be instruct-
ed to report to the Senate the amount of duties on railroad
iron, which would be remitted or refunded in case the du-
ties should be remitted or refunded on all lailroad iron
which has been imported since the 14th of July, 1S3-2, and
laid down within three years after its importation; stating
the amount which would be remitted or refunded to each
State or railroad company respectively, distinguishing be-
tween them.
Mr. PORTER suggested a modification, which
was accepted by Mr. Miller and embodied in the
resolution, (being the last three words as above
printed.)
Mr. PHELPS thought it wrould be best to let the
resolution lie over one day, as usual.
Mr. MILLER said the information called for was
necessary, in view of the discussion on the bill to
come up to-morrow, for the remission of duties on
railroad iron.
The objection not bein£ withdrawn by Mr.
Phelps, the resolution was laid over in conformity
with the one-day rule.
On motion of Mr. MOREHEAD, the resolutions
of the Finance Committee to postpone indefinitely
Mr. McDuffie's bill to restore the tariff to the
standard of the compromise act, was taken up, and
made the special order for to-morrow, at 12 o'clock,
Mr. McDuffie's state of health being such as to pre-
vent him from addressing the Senate to-day as he
had expected.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 29, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FRATT, from the Committee on Public,
Buildings and Grounds, asked leave to report a joint
resolution: leave was not granted.
Mr. GOGGIN suggested a correction of the jour-
nal. According to the entry, it would appear that,
after having taken his seat, he had abstained from
voting on various important questions; whereas, in
truth, these votes had been taken previous to his ta-
king his seat.
The journal was corrected accordingly.
Mr. PHOENIX, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back the act relating to bonds to be
given by custom-house officers.
The question being on its passage,
Mr. j. R. INGERSOLL said he should object,
unless a quorum was present.
The SPEAKER counted the members present;
and there appeared to be 107—being less than a
quorum.
The yeas and nays were then demanded and or-
dered; and being taken, resulted thus: (several mem-
bers having entered the House during the calling o
the names,) yeas 126, nay 1.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. R. SMITH, (lie following res-
olution was adopted:
Resnh-ed, That the clerks employed in the folding-rooms
during the months of January and February, be allowed the
same compensation per day as the pages of this House re-
ceive.
Mr. HALE moved a suspension cif the rules, in
order to take up for consideration two joint resolu-
tions which had been reported from the Committee
of the Whole: negatived.
TRANSFER OF PENSION AGENCIES.
Mr. BRINKERHOFF rose, and reminded the
House of the passage of a bill at an earlier part of
the session, to authorize the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry to transfer certain pension agencies from Ken-
tucky to Cincinnati, Ohio, and said he had received
a letter which apprised him that that could be done
only by the Secretary of War, and therefore the
bill was inoperative. To remedy the error which
the House had committed, he now asked leave to
introduce a joint resolution.
Mr, HA&E objected,
