April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
64£
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
the protection of the'agricultural, navigating, commercial,
manufacturing, and mechanical industry, which they were
intended to protect. They effected their object perfectly.
And when you consider the circumstances,how plain, coarse,
hardy,-simple, were the existing mechanical manufacturing
employments of the country, how unlike the various, re-
fined, and sensitive forms, which in a later age they put on;
that they were, very much, manufactures of wood into
cabinet ware, lurniture, carriages, and Ships; of leather in
tanneries; of iron in blacksmiths's shops; of cloth, from cot-
ton, wool, and flax, chiefly in private families; that they
were many of them very far in the interior; that there was
not yet a single cotton mill, and perhaps not a sihele wool-
len mill in the country; that thus they exacted no large ac-
cumulation* of capital, nor high degrees of skill slowly ac-
quired, nor expensive machinery continually changing; and
when you consider, too, that England, that all Europe, was
just about to rush into the wars of the French revolution,
drawing the sword which was never to be sheathed until
night should fall on the hushed and drenched field of "Water-
loo—in view of these circumstances, you will not wonder
that even these duties were sufficient The statesman of
that time, sir,- ineant to protect domestic labor. They knew
how to do.it; and they did it In point of fact, from 17S9 to
1808, the progress of manufactures was slow, but sure.
Then began a new era, of which I will speak in its
place.
I think, Mr President, that it is scarcely necessary to
l<fcok beyond this survey ofthe history of the law of 1789. to
discover the spirit^ principles, and aims, which presided in
and framed it. Let me give you, however, a little supple-
ments^ evidence to prove that I have not misconceived its
esseatial structure and nature. Hear, first, in what terms
Washington 'could gpeak~of it, and of the subsequent and
kindred legislation upon the same policy. In his last ad-
dress, in-Deceinber, 1796, he says:
<r(/OngresS have repeatedly, and not without success, di-
rected their attention to the encouragement of manufactures.
The object is.oftoo much consequence not to insure a con-
tinuance of their efforts in every way that shall appear eligi-
ble. .Ought our country to remain dependent on foreign
supply, precarious, because liable to be interrupted? If the
nccessary article should in this mode cost more in time of
peace, will not the security and independence thence arising
form an ample compensation?"
That great man thought, you perceive, that even if a
protective policy should enhance the prices of a time of
peace, security and independence were equivalents with
which a nation might be content. Sir,, we have won the
equivalents, and yet we do not pay the compensation. The
"necesaary article costs" less, not more; yet is our security
more absolute, our independence more real, our greatness
more steadfast.
See, too, how Mr. Jefferson, in 1802, describes the policy,
which, when he wrote, had been pursued from 1789, for
thirteen years:
"To cultivate peace and maintain commerce and naviga-
tion in all their lawful enterprises, and to protect the manu-
factures adapted to our circumstances, are (among others)
the landmarks by which to guide ourselves in all our pro-
ceedings. By continuing to make these the rule of our ac-
tion, we shall endear to our countrymen the true principles*
of the constitution, and promote a union of sentiment and
of action equally auspicious to their happiness and safety."
And Mr. Dallas, Secretary of the Treasury in 1816, in his
very able report to Congress upon the subject of a tariff of
duties, remarks:
"There are few if any governments which do not regard
the establishment of domestic manufactures as a chief ob-
ject ot public-policy. The United States have always so
regarded it. In the earliest acts of Congress which were
passed after the adoption of the present constitution, the
obligation of providing, by duties on imports, for the dis-
charge of the public debts, is expressly connected with the
policy of encouraging and protecting manufactuies."
And Mr. Madison, looking back, in 1S'28, to a scene in
which his part had been so conspicuous, says, in his letter
to Mr. Cabell, "That the encouragement of manufactures
was an object of the power to regulate trade, is proved by
the use made ofthe power for that object in the fust session
ofthe first Congress under the constitution, when among the
members present were so many who had been members of
the federal convention which framed the constitution, and
ofthe State conventions which ratified it—each cr these
closes consisting also of members who had opposed and
who had espoused the constitution in its actual form. It
does not appear, from the printed proceedings of Congress
on that occasion, that the power was denied by any of them;
and it may be remarked that members from Virginia, in
particular, as well of the anti-federal as the federal party—
the names then distinguishing those who had opposed and
those who had approved the constitution—did not hesitate to
propose duties, and to suggest even prohibitions, in favoi of
several articles of her productions. By one a duty was pro-
posed on mineral coal in favor of the Virginia coal pits; by
another a duty on hemp was proposed, to encourage the
growth of that article; and by a third a prohibition even
of foreign beef was suggested, as a measure of sound pol-
icy." -
And now, Mr. President, let me say, passing strange it
would have been if that Congress had not made just such a
law—had not founded just such a system! Composed as it
was, to so large an extent, of members of the convention
which had framed the new constitution, and of the conven-
tions which had adopted it—fresh, all of them, from the peo-
ple, and intimately familiar with the evils, the fears, and the
hopes, of which the recent government was born; the ex-
cessive importations; the exhausting drain of specie to pay
for them; the moantam weight of debt not yet paid to the
foreign manufacturer and mechanic; the depression of labor,
the derangement, of currency, the decline of trade; pene-
trated profoundly with the certain knowledge that a leading,
a paramount ooject, Held universally in view throughout
the great effort, just crowned with success, to frame a new
constitution, was to insure the capacity and the will to ex-
tend governmental protection to domestic labor. Such a
Congress, thus admonished, thus enlightened, could not
help making such a law and founding such a system- They
would not have dared to go home without doing so 1 I
once, Mr. President, in this place, on a former occasion, and
with a different purpose, attempted to collect and combine,
and to exhibit under a single view, the proofs contained in
the writings, such as they are, which appeared in this coun-
try between the peace ot 1783 and the adoption of-the con-
stitution/tending to show that a policy of protection, by
means of duties on the productions of foreign labor, was
jmost prominent among the beneficial instrumentalities
which the new government was expected to possess and
exert, and among the controlling inducements to its estab-
lishment. Those proofs are very numerous; they are very
widely scattered over many hundred pages of newspapers
' and larger periodical publications, and over a space ol six
years and more, during which the public mind was in a
state of unexampled agitation, anxiety, and activity; they
consist of essays, addresses, the proceedings of public
meetings, and the like; and they are contributed in almost
an equal proportion by every part of the country, al-
though the largest number perhaps come from the
central States., Taken altogether, and making every
allowance for the fact that a great deal of the writing
and speech, in which the opinions, hopes, fears, and-inten-
tions of that age- were embodied, has perished; and that,
among the opinions and intentions thus expressed, but of
whose existence no contemporary record is left, there may
have been some of a different character—taken altogether,
they prove as clearly that a leading, main, prominent pur-
pose of that generation of our fathers was to create a gov-
ernment which could and should protect American labor,
by regulating the introduction of the products of foreign
labor, by prohibiting them, by subjecting them to duties of.
discrimination, and by ^such other policy as the accom-
plishment of the object should prescribe—they prove this
as clearly as you cau prove out of the Irish newspapers of
this day that Catholic Ireland is agitating for repeal. Sir, I
' shall not trouble the Senate with the repetition of all or
many of the proofs which I at that time exhibited; but I
cannot resist the temptation of reminding you how North
Carolina and South Carolina could reason then on the na-
ture and the cure of the evils which bore down the young
America to the dust; on the difference between manufac-
turing abroad and manufacturing at home—the difference to
national wealth, to cunency, to true aid durable public
and private prosperity—on the general policy of the pro.
tection of American labor, by a more restrained importation
of the productions of foreign labor. I read for that pur
pose, first, a selection or two from certain letters written in
North Carolina in 1787, which I find in the American Mu-
seum for August, 1787. The name of the writer is not
given, but he sets out by declaring—
"That his complaints are not occasioned by personal mis-
fortunes, but he finds himself a member of a great family;
he interests himself as a brother in the happiness of his fel-
low-citizens, and he suffers when they are grieved."
The annunciation of his subject marks his fitness to dis-
cuss it.
' 'We are going to consider whether the administration of
government, m these infant States, is to be a system of patch-
work and a series of expedients—whether a youthful empire
is to be supported, like the walls of a tottering ancient
palace, by shores and temporary props, or by measures
which may prove effectual and lasting—measures which
may improve by use and strengthen by age. We are going
to consider whether we &hall deserve to be a branch of the
most poor, dishonest, and contemptible, or of the most flour-
ishing, independent, and happy nation on the face of the
earth."
And what do you think is his "measure which is to im-
prove by use, and strengthen by age^'1 Why, exactly, the
encouiagement of domestic manufactures, by taxes on for-
eign manufactuies.
"The more I consider the progress of credit and the in-
creaso of wealth in foreign nations, the more fully, am I con-
vinced that paper money must prove hurtful to this country;
that we cannot be relieved from our debts except b^ pro-
moting domestic manufactures.*5
Having adverted to the vast accumulation of our foreign
debt since the peace, and to the discreditable and startling
fact that it had been contracted for numerous articles of ne-
cessity which we "ould better produce, and numerous arti-
cles of luxury which we could better dispense with, he
proceeds:
"Let us turn our attention to manufactures, and the staple
ofour country will soon rise to its proper value, for we have
already glutted every foreign market. By this expedient,
instead of using fictitious paper, we shall soon obtain hard
money sufficient; instead of toiling in the field, and becom-
ing poor, that we may enrich the manufactures of other
countries, wc shall prosper by our labor, and enrich our
own citizens."
"Every domestic manufacture is cheaper than a foreign
one, for this plain reason: by the first nothing is lost to the
country; by the other, the whole value is lost—it is carried
away, never to return. It is perfectly indifferent to this
State or to the United States, what may be the price of do-
mestic manufactures, because that price remains m the
country "
"All wise governments'' (such is his argument—page 124)
"have thought it their duty, on special occasions, to offer
bounties for the encouragement of domestic manufactures:
but an excise on foreign goods must operate as a bounty."
"I have said that an excise is more favorable to the poor
than a land or poll tax. I wili venture an additional senti-
ment: there never was a government in which an excise
could be of so much use as in the United States of America.
In all other countries, taxes aie considered as grievances.
In the United States, an exrise on fore-gn <?oods would not
be a grievance: like medicine to a sick wan, itwould give
us strength: it would close the w.islolul ^rain bv which
our honor and our wealth arc consumed. What though
money was not wanted—though w > did r c'. owe a florin to
any foreign nation—though we had no domestic debt—and
though the expenses of civil guv.'^nnent could be sup-
ported for many years without a t^y: sti'l it may be ques-
tioned whether an excise would not be desirable. Itwould
certainly be the best expedient lor promoting domestic man-
ufactures: and the condition in which we now live, our
general dependence On a foreign country for arms and
clothing, is dishonorable—it is extremely dangerous.''
"It is the duty ofthe statesman either to check orto j>ro-
mote the several streams of commerce by taxes or bounties,
so as-to render them profitable to the nati<5n. Thus it hap-
pened in Massachusetts. A tax of twenty-five per cent,
was lately imposed, on nails, and the poor of Taunton "frere
immediately returned to life and vigor."
"If any man has doubts concerning the effect .of large
taxes on foreign manufactures, he should turn his eyes to
tiie eastern States. The mechanic is generally the first ^who
perceives of a pernicious commerce; for the support of his
family depends on his daily labor." "Hepce it is that the
merchant may be profited by a particular brauch ©f com-
merce, and may promote it diligently, while his country is
sinking into a deadly consumption." < "
Sir, these opinions had spread, still earlier, still further
south. Let me recall to your recollection a few passages
from the book of the wisdom of South Carolina. Here is
an essay, in two letters, written-in Charleston, in that State,
in 1786, by some one whose enlarged and wise nationality of
spirit and aims is indicated by his aignature—American.
The position'which he asserts is, that the "only method,
consistent with humanity, by which nations have raised
themselves to opulence and power, is the encouraging agri-
culture, manufactures, and commerce." In proof oT_this,
he glances at the history of Egypt, "which to tilling the
land soon joined the mechanic arts," and whose "pyramids
and sepulchres, fine linens and purples, attested the degree
to which she advanced them;" of Tyre, which '-'enriched
herself by her manufactures and commerce;" of Carthage,
"which carried with her the mechanic arts and the spirit oi
commerce;" of Venice, the greatest entrepot in the world,
"which imported the raw materials of other nations, manu-
factured them, and exported them to an immense amount;"
of Spain, which "expelled her manufacturers and merchants
from the kingdom—aloes that she has not recovered to this
day, and perhaps will not for centuries to come"—a l<3gs
which all the mines of America have not compensated, for
"wr.hthem went the spirit of manufacturing and. commerce,
which always gives vigor to agriculture"—Spain, "which,
possessrng one of the finest climates and soils of Europe,
riust remain poor, till manufactures and commerce can con-
vince the haughty Spaniard that they alone are the only
true permanent source of wealth;" England, which, "m
the reign of Queen Elizabeth, made but a small figure in
the political or mercantile scale of Europe, which ex-
ported chiefly in foreign bottoms her wheat "which is
now consumed by her manufactures, a little lead, tin, and
wool, to Flanders, and, in return, received foreign manufac-
tures;'"' Scotland, "a century ago almost as poor as the satire
of Churchill painted it, but which had increased in wealth
with a rapidity never exceeded; and by these means: "man-
ufacturers were invited thither—these, with the great num-
ber of sailors, and victualling their ships, raised the price of
provisions, and gave life to agriculture; land rose in value;
the barren heaths were manured and tilled; rents rose; the
tenants grew rich; the numbers increased; their cities were
improved; their large villages became cities; and new towns
were built in places that, till lately, seemed to defy human
art to improve them. This is (he adds) the effect; and al-
ways will be, of manufactures and commerce in every coun^
try
"It is in vain," he concludes, "for any people to attempt
to be rich, or have a sufficient circulating specie among
them, whose imports excoed their exports: the hand of the
manufacturer in a distant land seems to act upon gold and
silver as the loadstone does upon the needle.
Commenting upon the fact that England once raised aimu«
ally a revenue of three millions and a half by monopolizing
our trade, he says:
"A great part of this may be saved to these States by our
becoming our own merchants and carriers; and a great part
ofthe remaining sum may be saved in a lew years by en-
couraging our own manufacturers; and even this encourage-
ment will be of service to our revenues. I mean, laying a
duty on our imports, and giving a small part in bountiesto
eur own tradesmen."
"I do not wish our planters to turn from planting to man-
ufacturing; I only wish to encourage European tradesmen
to come to reside here. I wish to see as much as possible
exported, and as little imported. The planters that buy the
manufactures of America stop so much money in this coun-
try, which must return again to the planters' hands as long
as traders eat." ^
Of such as this is the whole political literature of that
day. There breathes throughout it all a profound and earn-
est conviction that, without a government which can, and
which will, develop and guard the labor of America by
protective tariffs and other kindred instrumentality, inde-
pendence was not yet achieved; thehopes of liberty were a
delusive dream; a barren sceptre only had been grasped,
unfruitful of joy, unfruitful of glory.
Sir, the Congress of 1789 might have known, by another
and shorter process, the public sentiment of that day—the
public sentiment ofthe age of the constitution. Ihcro were
members who had witnessed and united in some one of the
processions and assemblies which, m so many towns and
villages, had just been celebrating the institution of the
new government; and they might have learned there what
the people expected of them! Very striking exhibitions
they were, sir; and altogether worthy of the contemplation
of him who would truly and adequately know for what the
constitution was created. On an appointed iay, men came
in from the country.and, mingling themselves with those
of the town', were arranged in order by thousands. Beneath
bright skies; the moral and national prospect how much
brighter than the natural!—with banners and music, gazed
on, sympathized with by wives, and mothers, and daugh-
ters, and sisters, thronging at windows, in balconies, and
up to the house tops, the long and serried files, not of war,
but of peace, the long and serried files of labor, mo>ed
fro-n street to street, and at length composed themselves to
unne in thanksgiving to God, and m listening to discourses
commemorative of the event, and embodying the gratitude
and the expectations with which the new government was
welcomed in; embodying a survey of its powers and object*,
and a bketch ofthe transcendent good or which it was full,
for that age, and for all time. Sir, in.the banners of vaiiou*.
