€.<52
CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
Mr. PRATT desired the action of the House on
a tfiotion to reconsider the vote by which a resolu-
tion submitted by him a day or two since, was
adopted. . •
The suggestion was acted upon; and the vote was
reconsidered.
Mr. PRATT then submitted a substitute, in the
form of a joint resolution, to secure a more.perfect
accountability of the public property.
In offering this resolution, (said Mr.,P.,) I deem
itbut.just to say that I mean to impute no wrong
to any officer of the government. But I think it
proper that all officers should be required to render
an inventory, or property account, similar to that
which business men' prepare—though I am aware it
cannot be done so often. It might, however, be
made out once in two years—say in the month of
July—and laid before every new Congress, at the
commencement of its session. This would enable
new members the more readily to understand the
subjects upon which they would be called to legis-
late. Property greatly deteriorates by lying on
hand and out of use. In short, often accountability
renders men more correct; and, to use an old adage,
"An ounce of prevention is worth apound of cure."
Many of the officers n:>w keep such an account;
but I believe there has never been a general inven-
tory since the government was formed. And I will
ado, those of the officers whom I have consulted
recommend this course. '
Mr. McKAY proposed an amendment, to secure
the taking of an inventory of the property in the
presidential mansion once in every four years, before
the inauguration of each succeeding President. He
made some remarks in support of his amendment.
The resolution was amended as proposed by Mr.
McKay; and after some conversation, in which Mr.
ADAMS, Mr. PRATT, and Mr. McKAY took
parr, the joint resolution was read three several times,
and passed, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of the
TJmtt-d States of Jlweiica. in Congress assembled. That the
Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Sec-
retary ot War, the Secretary of the Navy, the Postmaster
tnucuil, and the Commissioner of Public Buildings, be
dm-cted to lay before the next Congress at the commence-
ment of its first regular session, reports of all public prop-
eitj , exhibiting the quantity, condition, and cost thereof,
on hand on the 30th day of June previous to :>aid reports,
embracing full descriptive accounts of all real estate, the
location, time when obtained, purchased, or reserved, the
co.st, objects, and uses of all lands, and improvements of all
public buildings, for civil and military purposes, including
custom-houses, light-houses, fortifications, arsenals, ar-
mories, navy-yards, docks, and depots, of all movable prop-
erty, including ships, military stores, ordnance, arms, muni-
tions, and material for manufacture.
And the said officers shall thereafter lay before each sue-
successive Congress, at the commencement of its iirst regular
session, n ports showing the condition of the public prop-
erty embraced in the preceding reports, together with statp-
rnimts of all public property acquired or disposed of during
the two jears ending with the fiscal } ear, showing the in-
vestments and credits in such property account.
. Clerk of the House cause a catalogue of
the library of the House of Representatives to be'made
by the librarian, and printed for the use of the House ..not
to the next session of Congress.
And that the ( ommissioncr of Public Buildings be and he
is hereby directed, on or before the 3d day of March next
and every four yejus theroaitor. to take an inventory of the
luniiture of the 1'residenl's House, at such time as may be
com enieut to the President for the time being, and to deliver
a copy 1 hereof to the President-elect, and' to file a com of
the same in the Library of Congress.
And that the Secretary and Serjeant-at-arms of the Sen-
ate ,,u«U h ik and Doo;k«>epei of the House of Representa-
tives shall be, and thej aie heieb} , required, on or bofoie
the first day of July next, and eveiy two ) ears then-after,
to cause to he made full and correct inventories of allpub-
he propetty in thi-ir re«pectne ollices, oi belonging to
either House, arid file copies of the same in the f.ibiarv of
i Oiigress J
Mr. ADAMS next submitted a resolution, direct-
ing the clerk of the House of Representatives, to
muse the tenth volume of the laws of the United
States to be revised and printed; which was agreed
to. a
Mr. J. CAMPBELL then attempted to get in a
motion to rescind the order by which the House had
determined to dispose of the Louisina land bill to-
day, his desire being to take up the District bank bill;
but after some conversation, a motion was made to
£0 into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; which was agreed to. The House accord-
resolved itself ,ilt0 Committee of the Whole
(Mr. Weli.br m the chair.)
REVOLUTIONARY PENSION BILL.
hill hfi,COmm jtee took up the Revolutionary Pension
offered LPM oS 1Smendmem l° which was that
Te Ml t G' t0 amend the Provisions of
the bill to the soldiers of our Indian wars; which
amendment Mr. R. Smith had pioved to am'enT
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Kentucky. And, upon this
question tellers were appointed, who reported
39 votes in the affirmative;- the negative votes not
counted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COLES moved to amend by adding a proviso
to the effect that the pensions granted by the fore-
going act be applied only to widows in indigent cir-
cumstances.
The amendment was negatived.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, offered an amend-
ment, the object of which was to make the provisions
of this act apply to recent applications, but not to
applications pending already before the commis-
sioner.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McKAY inquired of the gentleman by whom
the bill had been reported, whether it was his inten-
tion to move an additional section, providing for the
payment of the pensions therein granted.
Mr. SEYMOUR replied that it would be difficult,
at present, to ascertain the amount that would be
required. The sum required, however, for the pay-
ment of pensions, to the widows of revolutionary
officers and soldiers still unprovided for, would not
be very large.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the
House.
LAND CLAIMS.
The committee then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill to provide for the adjustment of land
claims in Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, and part
of Mississippi, Alabama, &c.
Mr. C. JOHNSON resumed and concluded his
remarks, (commenced on a former day in opposi-
tion to the bill.)
Mr. SLIDELL replied to the gentleman from
Tennessee, setting forth the object contemplated by
the bill, and the reasons which had induced the com-
mittee of the House, as well as the select-committee in
the Senate, to report favorably upon it. The bill was
intended to open the tribunals of the United States,
so that individuals might litigate their claims to lands
which were also claimed by the government.
He spoke at length through his hour in explana-
tion of the case presented to the House, and in de-
fence of the bill.
Mr. VINTON next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee in opposition to the bill.
Mr. V. in conclusion, proposed an amendment, by
way of proviso, at the end of the first section, that
the bill should not embrace any claim that had been
barred by any act of Congress, or that had been de-
clared by any act of Congress to be null and void.
Mr. WHITE replied to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] and those of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Cam: Johnson,]
and ad vocated the adoption of a measure for the ad-
judication and settlement of these claims.
Mr. CROSS followed in support of the measure.
Mr. LEONARD offered the following proviso:
Pionrferf, That all persons having claims for spoliations
oil the trench government, piior to the year 1800, shall
-1} °] i ' to prosecute this government, as pro-
Mdeu by tins act, 8nd under similar restrictions.
Mr. L. in a few brief remarks, urged the adoption
of this proviso.
The hour fixed by resolution of the House for
terminating debate in Committee of the Whole hav-
ing arrived, the. committee proeeeded to vote upon
the pending amendments: the first was that offered
by Mr. Vinton, stated above.
On this question the vote,'?—taken by tellers—were
/O in the affirmative, and 47 in the negative.
The amendment was agreed to.
mJ VINTON fUI'ther ame"ded on tlle motion of
Mr. C. JOHNSON then proposed a proviso to
disqualify persons from suing- the government by
virtue of this act, unless such persons were entitled
under grants prior to 1805.
lhe amendment was negatived, as were also
some other amendments which he proposed.
Mr. CHAPMAN moved to strike out the third
section, on which the vote was 40 in the affirma-
tive, and 37 in the negative; being less than a Quo-
rum. 1
committee then rose, and reported that fact
to the House. The House then adjourned.
The following petition was presented to-dav un-
der the rule:
By Mr, RAMSEY; The petition of John Maclaughlin,
Augustus Troxel, Thomas Mnrnane, and others, citizens of
Dauphin county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to admit
Texas as a territory of the United States.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 31, 1844.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Benja-
min St. Brair, praying for remuneration for provis-
ions furnished to the United States troops under son-
tract when they went to protect the Santa Fe traders:
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial from Dr.
Ninian Pinkney, of the navy, in relation to his rank
in the navy: referred to the Committee cn Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of Mary
Anne Morris, praying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a memorial from
Missouri, numerously signed, asking for the annex-
ation of Texas to the United States: laid on the
table.
Mr.WOODBRIDGE reported, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, the memorial of Robert Mills,
and moved that they be discharged from its consid-
eration, and that the report be printed. Committee
discharged accordingly, and report ordered to be
printed.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. PHELPS called to the recollection of the
Senate that this was the day appointed for the con-
sideration of the resolution of adjournment, and
hope! the subject would be disposed of at once.
Mr. TAPPAN remaiked that there was a very
thin attendance in the Senate.
Mr. HUNTINGTON (from his seat) requested
the Senator would let the vote be taken.
The Senate joint resolution, amended by the
House, which struck out the 29 Ih of May and insert-
ed the llth of June, for the day of adjourning Con-
gress sine die, was accordingly taken up, and the
amendment was concurred in.
The House joint resolution, providing for the
more perfect accountability and security of the pub-
lic property, was taken up, read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The engrossed bill for the relief of James Duffy,
was read a third time, and passed.
The engrossed bill for continuing the pensions of
certain widows was also read a third time, and
passed.
The joint resolution concerning the copper rock
of Lake Superior was next taken up on its third
reading.
Mr. TAPPAN asked what use this rock would
be to the government.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE explained that it was a
great natural curiosity, which it was desirable to
have in the public collection.
Mr. TAPPAN did not see upon what grounds
the necessity for this resolution w-as based. The
rock was private property, improperly seized by the
Secretary of "War; and the owner could rccover it
by law without requiring Congress to recognize the
act of a public officer for which he was himself ac-
countable. It could have no other object than to
screen him from the consequences of his own ill-
advised act.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE explained that this course
was satisfactory to the claimant.
The yeas and nays being called for and ordered
on the passage of the resolution, were taken, and
resulted yeas 21, rays 15; so the resolution was
passed.
Mr. RIVES presented the memorial of Mary
Roberts, widow of John Roberts, a soldier of the
revolution, asking for a pension: referred to the
committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. R. also presented a memorial and the pro-
ceedings of a large meeting held in Clark county,
Virginia, in favor of the annexation of Texas to the
United States: laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the bill granting a
pension to William Brown was taken up, con-
sidered, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the bill for there-
lief of Benjamin Adams & Co. and others was taken
up, considered, and ordered to be engrossed fur a
third reading.
On motion of Mr. MOREHEAD, the harbor bill
making appropriations for certain harbors and
rivers (usually called the western harbor bill) was
taken up for consideration as in committee of the
whole.
