646
'APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Choate.
April, 1844.
Senate.
devicc which marked the long course of those processions;
in the mottoes upon their flags, in„the machines and models
and figures with which the pacific and more than triumphal
march-was enriched and enlivened; in the order of its ar-
rangements; in the organizations of tradesmen and artisans,
and all the families ofiabor which swelled it; in the conver-
sation of individuals of those "grave, and anxious multi-
tudes" one with another; in the topics and thoughts of the
orators of the day , in the applause of the audience;—in all
this .vast, vivid, and various accumulation and exhibition of
the general mind, almost as well as in the journals of the
convention, the Madison Papers,- the debates of public bo-
diee, ox the. grave discussions of the Federalist itself, you
Jtnay read.—the Congress of 1789 might read—what kind of
government the people thought they had constructed. I
could almost say that the constitution.is what the general
belief of that age held it tQ be; and in these great and solemn
festal scenes is the expression of that general belief.
Take tlie Philadelphia procession for an instance, of the
4th of July > 1788, and see what the readers of poor Richard's
Almanac, the pupils and cotemporaries of Franklin, expect-
ed of the federal constitution. It was a column of many
thousands of persons, of ail trades and callings. The more
advanced figures and devipes of the procession were intend-
<ed to represent, in a chronological series, the great events;
which preceded the adoption of the new government. There
Nvas one on horseback, representing independence, and
bearingtlie stafl'and cap of liberty; next followed one, riding
upon a horse, formerly of Count Rochambeau.and carrying
a flag with devices of lilies and stars, commemorative ot the
French alliance, to which we owed so much;'then another,
with a staff surmounted with laurel and olive, announcing
the treaty of peace; after him, another, bearing aloft the
namerof.Washington; then a/herald, proclaiming with sound
of trumpet the new era; then a representation of the con-
vention which framed the constitution; and then others, of
the constitution itself; "a lofty ornamental car, in the form
of an eagle;" and a grand federal edifice, the dome support-
ed by thirteen columns, and surmounted by a figure of
plenty." After these, came an appropriate and golden train,
the long line of the various labor of America, for whom the
new era had risen, with healing in its wings. First, as it
ought to have been, was the agricultural society. Then
came the manufacturing society, with spinning and carding
machines; looms and apparatus for the printing of muslins
and calicos. This bore three flags. Thedevice on one was
a bee-hive, with bees issuing from it, standing in the beams
of a rising sun; the field of the flag blue, and the motto, "in
its rays we shall feel new. vigor." The motto on the next
was, "may the union government protect the manufactures
of America," and, on the next, "may government protect
us." On the carriage of the manufacturers, drawn by ten
horses, were a carding machine, worked by two persons,
"carding cotton;'1' a spinning machine, worked by a
woman, and drawing cotton suitable for fine jeans;
looms on which laces and jeans were being woven;
a man designing and cutting prints for shawls;
and "Mrs. Hewson and her four daughters,," in cotton
dresses of their own manufacture, pencilling a piece of
chintz of Mr. Hewson's printing. There followed then
freat numbers, I believe there may have fbeen more than
fty bodies of tradesmen and mechanics, each with its ban-
ner, devices, and motto, expressive of the same hopes and
the same convictions, evidencing equally the universal pop-
ular mind. But 1 need pursue the matter no further. Sir,
what was seen in this procession was seen, on a larger or
smaller scale, every where. The pageant is passed. The
actors have retired from humau view. The awful curtain
has dropped on them forever. All the world's a stage, and
this part is played ! Yet the spirit of philosophical history,
that spirit to which the half-obliterated figures of a proces-
sion upon a wasting architectural fragment reveal intelli-
gibly and instructively, some glory or some sorrow of a
past age, will not disdain to gather up and ponder these
manifestation's of the hopes, desires, and purposes, of that
mighty heart now hushed. I do not wish or expect to un-
derstand the objects for which the constitution was framed
better than the generation which made it; and of their un-
derstanding of them I have referred you to very vivid
and very authentic proofs. I cannot forbear to read you a
sentence or two, before I take leave of the subject, from
"Observations on the Philadelphia Procession," written by
an eyewitness, very soon after the celebration;
"The large stage on which the carding and spinning ma-
chines displayed the manufacture of cotton was viewed
with astonishment and delight by every spectator. On
that stage were carried the emblems of tiie future wealth
and independence of our country. Cotton maybe cultiva-
ted in the isouthern and manufactured in the eastern and
middle States, in such quantities, in a few years, as to
clothe e\ery citizen of the United States. Hence will
arise a bond of union to the States, moie poweiful-
than any article of the new constitution. Cotton possesses
several advantages over wool as an article of dress and com-
merce. It is not liable to be moth eaten, and is proper both
for winter and summer garments. It may, moreover.be
manufactured in America at a less expense than it can be
imported from any nation in £uiope. From these circum-
stances, I cannot help hoping that wo shall soon see cotton
not only the uniform of the citizens of America, but an arti-
cle of exportation to foreign countries. Several respectable
gentlemen exhibited a prelude of these e-\ ents by appearing
in complete suits of jeans, manufactured by the machines
that have been mentioned."
Compare this with the judgment of Mr. Calhoun, in his
speech in the House of Representatives, April, 1816:
"Capital employed in manufacturing is calculated to bind
together mora closely our widely spread republic. It will
greatly increase our mutual dependence and intercourse."
TrLleaV13' the first period of our policy. The law of
3789 was a protective tariff, in principle, intention, and ef-
fect. It was made so in execution of the universal will of
the age of the constitution. In the "good old days," protec-
tion, whether "principal" or "incident,'' was held indispen-
sable, ana was made sufficient.
are Prepal;itl 10 comPare or to contrast with
sJstem—'he existing system-that which
began in1816, and was matured m 1S-24 and 1828 Sir it is
<-*aciiy the system Qf 1780, accommodated to the altered cir. I
cumstances of the nation and the world. The statesmen of
the last period followed in the very footsteps of their fa-
thers. It is not enough to say their objects were as honest
and as useful, their spirit and aims as high, their principles
as sound. They were the same—just the same—mutatis
mutandis. The law of 1789 was framed to protect the exist-
ing manufacturing and mechanical industry of the country,
fe-o was that of 1816 and 1824. The times compelled a
change of details, and details were changed. Principles,
policy, were unchanged. I cannot discern the hand of
"millionary capitalists," or "trading politicians" in the
framing of the later, more than in that of the earlier system.
I see it in neither. Sir, I defend the lawgivers of 1816 and
1824, first, by the example uf their fathers, and then by ev-
ery consideration of enlightened patriotism which may in-
fluence American statesmen.
The Congress of 1789 found many manufacturing and me-
chanical-arts starting to life, and soliciting to be 'protected.
The Congress of 1816, and that of 1824, found families, and
groups and classes of manufacturing and mechanical arts,
tar more numerous, far more valuable, for moie sensitive
also, and with more urgent claim, soliciting protection. In
the interval between 1789 and 1816, this whole enterprise
had not only immensely enhanced its value, but it had to-
tally changed its nature. It had increased its annual pro-
ductions to $12(1,000,000 in 1810, and to $130,000,000 or per-
haps $200,000,000 in 1816. But its nature had become dif-
ferent. Instead of a fewjplain, hardy, coarse, simple, house-
hold employments, it had become a various, refined, sensi-
tive industry—demanding associated capital, skill, long and
highly trained, costly and improving machinery—more
precious, but presenting afai broader mark to the slings
and arrows of fortune, to hostility, to change, to the hotter
foreign competitions which its growth was sure to provoke.
Now, you ail praise the husbandry of 1780, which so care-
fully guarded the few blades, just timidly peeping forth into
the rain, and sunshine, of that April day, hardly worth the
treading down: will you depreciate the husbandry of 1824,
which with the same solicitude, but at the expense of a
higher wall, guarded the grain, then half grown, and evin-
cing what the harvest was to be?
The statesmen of 1816 and 1S24, then, might justify them-
selves by the example of the age of Washington and the
constitution But I desire to make their defence upon con-
siderations ever higher and broader.
In the first place, sir, their legislation may not only be
justified, but it is entitled to praise, honor, and imitation, on
the ground of the transcendent value of manufacturing and
mechanical industry to a people. Do not fear that I am
about fo inflict upon you a commonplace upon this topic. I
do not understand that there are two different opinions upon
it in the civili'/ed world. Certainly there are not two here.
Senators who will not lift a finger to introduce or to foster
such industry, who think that neither this government nur
the State governments have any power to do so, by the only
means that are worth a straw, protective duties—this gov-
ernment having none because the constitution does not give
it. and the State governments) having none because the con-
stitution takes it from them to bestow it on nobody—sena-
tors who think that, power or no power, you ought to do
nothing directly, openly, and avowedly, to exertit—all vie
with one another in glowing and lofty estimates of the uses
and value of this industry to our nation—to-any nation.
Doubtless, sir, to the higher forms of a complete civilization,
a various, extensively developed, intellectual manufacturing
and mechanical industry, aiming to multiply the comforts
and supply the wants of the great body of the people, is
wholly indispensable. Its propitious influence upon the
wages and enjoyments of labor; the reasonable rewards
which it holds out by means of joint stock, in shares, to all
capital, whether the one hundred dollars of the widow
and orphan, or the one hundred thousand of theii wealthier
neighbor; its propitious influence upon all the other em-
ployments of society—upon agriculture, by relieving if of
over-production and over-competition, and securing it a
market at home, without shutting up its* market abroad,
upon commerce, creating or mainly sustaining its best
branch, domestic trade, afid giving to its foreign trade varie-
ty, flexibility, an enlargement of held, and the means of com-
manding a needful supply of the productions of other na-
tions, without exhausting drains on our own; its influence
upon the comforts of the poor, upon refinement; upon se-
curity; defence; independence; power, nationality;—all this
is conceded by every body. Senators denounce the means,
but they glorify the end. Protective duties make a bill of
abominations; but an advanced and diversified mechanical
industiy is excellent. The harvest is delightful to behold—
it is the sowing and fencing only that offends the constitu-
tionalist who denies the power, and the economist who
denies the expediency, of reaping any thing but sponta-
neous growths of unulled soils. While, therefore, a general
defence of this class of employments, and this species of
industry, would be wholly out of place, there is, however,
an illustration or two of theii uses, not quite so commonly
adverted to, on which I pause to say a word. And one of
them is this: that, in connection with the other tasks of an
advanced civilization, with which they are always found
associated, they offer to every faculty, and talent, and taste,
in the community, the specific work best suited to it: and
thus effect a more universal development and a more com-
plete education of the general intellect than otliei w i&c w ould
be practicable. It is not merely that they keep every body
busv in the evening and before light as well as in the daj"-
time, m winter as well as in summer, m wet weather as v;t"ll
as in fair, women and children as well a* men; but it is that
every body is enabled io be busy on the precise thins: the
best adapted to hi« capacity and his inclinations. In a coun-
try of lew occupations, employments go down by an arbi*
traiy, hereditary, cocrcivc designation, without regard to
peculiarities of imlivi'lual character The son of a priest is
a priest: the son of a barber is a barber: a man raises onions
and garlic, because a certain other person did so when the
pyramids were building, ceuturies ago But a diversified,
advanced, and refined mechanical and manufacturing mdus-
try ,_co-_opeir«.ting with these other numeious emploj ments
of civilization which always surround it. offers the'widest
choice, detects the slightest shade of individuality; quick-
ens into existence, and trains to perfection the largest con-
ceivable amount, and the utmost possible variety of national
wind. It goes abroad with its handmaid labors, wot like the
elegiac poet into the churchyard, but among the bright
tribes ofliving childhood and manhood, and fmds there in
more than a figurative sense some mute, inglorious Milton,
to whom it gives a tongue, and the opportunity of fame; the
dauntless breast of some Hampden still at play, yet born to
strive with the tyrant of more than a village; infant hands
that may one day sway the rod of empire; hearts already
pregnant with celestial fire; future Arkwrights, and Watts,
and Whitneys, and Fultons, whom it leads forth to a discip-
line and a career that may work a revolution in the arts and
commerce of the world. Here are five sons in a family. In
some communities they would all become hedgers and ditch-
ers; in others, shore fishermen; in others, hired men in' fields,
or porters "or servants in noblemen's families. But see
what the diversified employments of civilization may make
of them. One has a passion for contention, and danger, and
adventure. There are the gigantic game of the sea; the vast
fields of the Pacific; the pursuit even "beneath the frozen
serpent of the South," for him. Another has a taste for
trade; he plays already at bargains and barter. There are
Wall street, and Milk street, and clerkships and agencies at
Manilla, and Canton, and Rio Janeiro, for him. A third
early and seriously inclines to- the quiet life, the fixed
habits, the hereditary opinions and old ways of his fathers;
there is the plough for him. Another develops from infancy
extraordinary mechanical and inventive talent; extraordi-
nary in degree, ofnot yet ascertained direction. You see it
in his first whittling. Therq may tie a Fulton, or an Ark-
wright; there may be wrapped up the germs of an idea
which, realized, shall change the industry of nations, and
give a new name to a new era. Well, there are the ma-
chine shops at Lowell and Providence for him; there are
cotton mills and woollen mills for him to superintend; there
is stationary and locomotive steam power for him to guide
and study, ofa hundred departments and forms of useful art,
some one will surely reach and feed the ruling intellectual
passion. In the flashing eye, beneath the pale and beaming
brow of that other one, you detect the solitary first thoughts
of genius. There are the seashore of storm or calm, the
waning moon, the stripes of summer evening cloud, tradi-
tions, and all the food of the soul for him. And so all the
boys are provided for. Every fragment of mind is gathered
up. Nothing is lost. The hazel rod, with unfailing po-
tency, points out, separates, and gives to sight every grain
of gold m the water and m the sand. Every taste, every
faculty, every peculiarity of mental power, finds its task,
does it, and is made the better for it
Let me say, sir, that there is another influence of manu-
facturing and mechanical arts and industry, which should
commend them to the favor of American statesmen. In all
ages and in all nations they have been the parents and hand-
maids of popular liberty. If I had said of democratical lib-
erty, 1 should have expressed myself more accurately.
This praise, if not theirs alone or pre-eminently, they share,
perhaps, with commerce only. I observe, with surprise,
that Mr. Calhoun, in his speech in opposition to Mr. Ran-
dolph's motion to strike out the minimum valuation on cot-
ton goods in the House of Representatives, April, 1816—a
speech in many respects remarkable and instructive, and to
which I shall make frequent reference before I have done—
in that speech Mr. Calhoun gives some slight countenance
to the suggestion that "capital employed in manufactur-
ing produced a greater dependonce on the part of the
employed, than in commerce, navigation, or agricul-
ture." Sir, I think this is contradicted by the history of
the whole world. "Millionary manufacturing capitalists,"
like all other peisons possessed of large accumulations, are
essentially conservative, timorous, disinclined to change,
on the side of the law, order, and permanence. So are mil-
lionary commercial capitalists, aud millionary cotton-grow-
ing and sugar-growing capitalists, ?nd millionary capital-
ists of all sorts. But the arhsan? of towns—mechanics,
manufacturing operatives, that whole city and village pop-
ulation, wherever concentrated, by whom the useful aits of
a civilised society are perfomied—are among the freest of
the free the world over. They are no man's slaves; they are
"no man's men" Brought together in considerable num-
bers, and forming part of a still larger urban population
m immediate contact: reciprocally acting on and acted on
by numerous other minds, enjoying every day some time of
leisure, and driven by the craving for stimulus which the
monotony of their employments, their own mental activity,
and all the influences about them, are so well calculated to
produce; dmentothe search of some external objects of
interest, the* find these in conversation, in discussion, m
reading newipapeis aud books, in all the topics which agi-
tato the crowded community of which they are part, and
thus they become curious, flexible, quick, progressive.
Something too in their position and relations; just starting
m the world, their fortunes to seek or to make; something
in their half antagonistical half auxiliary connection with
their employers., free associated labor employed by larsre
associated capital; something, with unfailing ceitainty, de-
termines them to the side of the largest lilertv. So alwat s
it has been So it was m the freest'of the Greek republics
So too, m the middle age, aitci her sleep of a thousand rears
from the battle of Pharsaba liberty reined and respired
among the handicraftsmen and tradeis of the small commer-
cial and manufacturing town* of Germany, Italy, and Eng.
land. Theie, m sight of the open and glonous sea, law,
order, self-government, popular liberty art, taste, arid all
the fair variety of cultivated things, sprang up together, and
set out together on that "radiant round," never to cease but
with the close of time. And where do you feel the pulses
of democratical England and Scotland beat quickest and hot-
test to-dayWhat are the communities that called loudest
for parliamentary reform: and call loudest now for tho^e
social and political amehoiati^r.s, the fear of which perpltx-
e< the ihrone, the church, and the aristoeiacy ? Ceitainlj,
the large and small manufacturing towns, "'i he tw o great
powers, (I read from the ablest 'lory journal in Great
ain.) operating on human affair^, which are producing this
progressive increase of demooraticol influence are the ex-
tension of manufactures and the influence of the dadV
press.'1 What British periodical is it which most zealously
advocates the cause, asserts the dignity, appreciates the
uses and claims, of manufacturing industry' Precisely the
most radical and xevolutionary of them "all. And whose
rhymes are those which convey to the strong, sad heart of
English labor, "thoughts that wake tv> perish never'  th«
$
&
$
*
■ *
t
0
■p
*
f
 
i
%
*
