CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
Mr. EVANS wished to have some amendment
ftiade in the phraseology of the appropriation for
Buffalo harbor, so as to prevent its being construed
into a limitation of the right of the Secretary of
War and topographical corps to choose the mode of
improvement most conducive to the present in-
terest.
Messrs. WOODBRIDGE and MOREHEAD
assured the senator from Maine that the object he
had in view was best accomplished by letting the
phraseology stand as it was.
Mr. WRIGHT said that, for the very moderate
appropriation made to improve the present harbor,
the wording of the bill was just what it ought
to be.
Mr. EVANS wished for time to consult some
communications he had received on the subject; and
on his motion the bill was postponed till to-morrow.
THE TARIFF THE COMPROMISE ACT.
The unfinished business being then in order, the
resolutions of the Finance Committee to postpone in-
definitely Mr. McDuffte's bill for restoring the
tariff to the standard of the compromise act, were
taken up; and
Mr. McDUFFIE, in continuation of his remarks
of yesterday, addressed the Senate for two hours,
recapitulating the grounds of his arguments from
the beginning of the debate, and meeting all the
points of opposition with which they had been as-
sailed by his opponents. In conclusion, Mr. McD.
brought forward a principle to which he had not
in this discussion before alluded, though he had
urged it on former occasions, but which he now re-
garded as of paramount importance. He alluded
to the principle involved in the protective policy, of
destruction to the republican institutions of this
confederacy. Mr. McD. explained at great length
his views of the workings and consequences of this
principle, and appealed to the friends of those insti-
tutions to avert the calamities which their subver-
sion must sooner or later occasion.
Mr. CHOATE, for purposes of explanation, next
obtained the floor, and addressed the Senate for an
hour and a half, in answer to remarks made by the
senator from South Carolina, in reference to Massa-
chusetts, and the speech he made some six weeks
ago on this question.
Mr. McDUFFIE, in explanation, again obtained
the floor, and spoke for about half an hour, in reply
to the senator from Massachusetts [Mr Choate.]
Mr. CHOATE further explained; as did also Mr.
McDUFFIE.
Mr. BAGBY, in reference to remarks which fell
from the senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Choate,]
defined the grounds he had taken in his speech, with
regard to the change of policy, in consequence of the
change of interests, which had taken place in Massa-
chusetts since 1824.
Mr. BATES expressed his own desire to re-
ply to such comments as the serator from South
had addressed to his speech on the present question,
but at the same time yielded to the wishes of his
friends around him in not protracting the debate. He
therefore contented himself with reiterating the posi-
tions he had assumed.
Mr. EVAJNS invoked the Senate to allow the
question to be taken.
Mr. McDUFFIE suggested that there could be
110 necessity for taking the question on the resolu-
tions reported from the Committee on Finance, as
the question of jurisdiction was one which he had
not argued atany length.
Mr. CRITTENDEN wished to see the question
taken directly on the bill.
The CHAIR explained that the second resolution
-was on its indefinitement postponement.
Mr. CRITTENDEN did not see the propriety of
any other course than a direct vote on the bill.
Mr. WHITE preferred a direct -\ote on the bill,
and pointed out the coursc of the Senate a few days
ago m relation to a case in point, when the vote was
taken on the indefinite postponement of a bill, and
not on the adoption of a resolution from a commit-
tee
Mr. ARCHER hoped the question would be
taken on the resolution of the committee; he wished
to have a test vote of the Senate on the question of
jurisdiction.
Mr. CRITTENDEN would make no further ob-
jection.
Mr. MERRICK desired to sec the test vote taken
directly on the tariff* question. That test could not
be taken on these resolutions, and it would give
grounds for the allegation that the Senate blinked
the question of the tariff. It was on the tariff he de-
sired to have the test vote.
Mr. McDUFFIE offered (if the committee's reso-
lutions were withdrawn) to substitute a resolution
himself, whicji would give the gentleman an oppor-
tunity of having the test vote on the subject of the
tariff. J
Mr ALLEN removed all difficulty by moving an
amendment to the resolutions, so that the test vote
desired might be taken On his amendment.
The original resolutions submitted by the Com-
mittee on Finance, were as follows:
Resolved, That the bill entitled "a bill to revive the act
of the lid of March, 1833, usually called the comprorai&e act,
and to modify the existing duties upon foreign imports in
conformity with its provisions," is a bill for raising revenue
within the meaning of the 7th section of the first article of
the constitution, and cannot therefore originate in the Sen-
ate; therefore.
Kesohtd, That it be indefinitely postponed.
The amendment submitted by Mr. ALLEN, being
to strike out all after the word "that," in the first
line of the first resolution, and insert "the duties im-
posed on importations by existing laws are unjust
and oppressive, and ought to lie repealed."
On this amendment Mr. EVANS called for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered, and resulted—
yeas 18, nays 25, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Atchison, Bagby, Benton, Breese,
Fairfield, Fulton. Ilannegan, Haywood, Huger, Lewis,
McDufiie, Niles, Semple, Sevier, Tappan, "Woodbury, and
Wright—18.
NA\ S—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Bnchan-
an, Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Franci«,
Henderson, Huntington, Jarnagin, Mangum, Merrick, Mil-
ler, Morehead, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tall-
madge, White, and Woodbridge—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the original reso-
lutions proposed by the Committee on Finance, and
the yeas and nays having been called for and order-
ed, were taken, and resulted—yeas 33, nays 4, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Atchison, Bagby, Barrow,
Bates, Bayard, Benton. Breese, Buchanan. Choate, Clayton,
Dajton, Evans, Fairfield, Francis, Hannegan. Henderson,
Huntington, Jarnagin, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Niles,
Porter, Rives, Semple, Simmons, Sturgeon, Tallmadge,
White, Woodbridge, and Wright—33
NAYS—Messrs. Haywood/Huger, McDuffie, and Wood-
bury—4.
So the first resolution was adopted.
The second resolution was adopted without any
call for a division of ayes and noes.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 31, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NATURALIZATION OF ALIENS.
Mr. ADAMS rose and asked leave to present a
memorial from certain citizens of Pennsylvania, in
which the memorialists respectfully represent that
they are opposed to the facility of access which the
naturalization laws, as they at present stand, afford
to aliens for the attainment of the rights and privi-
leges of citizenship. The prayer of the memorial
is, that the naturalisation laws may be so altered as
to require a residence of twenty-one years. He pre-
sented the petition m this formal manner, and not in
the ordinary way, by laying it on the clerk's table;
because it related to a subject of considerable im-
portance, and upon which there was a considerable
difference of opinion; and because he was willing to
afford to the petitioners, who were unknown to him,
the satisfaction of having their petition brought
pointedly to the notice of the House; but, at the
same time, he would remark that he did not wish
to be undei^tood as holding himself bound m any
manner to support the prayer of the petition. He
moved that the memorial be referred to the Judicio-
ry Committee.
Mr. HAMMETT moved that it be laid upon the
table.
Mr. MURPHY demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 128, nays 26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Andeison, Amngton, Ashe. Atkinson,
Barringer, Benton, Bidl-iok, Boyd, Brengle, BrmkeihoJt,
Brodliead, Milton Brown, William J. 13row n, Jeicmiah
Brown, Burke, Caldwell, Shepcid Cary, (.arroll, Reuben
Chapman, Augubtus A Chapman, Clinch. Clinton, Coles,
Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Gairett Davis, Richard J)
Da\is, John W. Davis. Dean, Dellet, Dickev, Dillingham,
Dromgoole, Diuildp. Ellis, Karlee, lueklni. Foot, toster,
French, Goggm, Willis Green, Byram Green, Grider, Hale,
Hamhn, Hammett, Hardin, Harper, Henley, Herrick, Hop-
kins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford,
Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Irvin, Jenks, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson, Geoige W.
Jones, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy, Kirkpatriek,
Labranche, Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin, Maclay, MeClel-
land, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Moseley,
Murphy, Mes, Newton, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne,
PettU, Peyton, Purdy, Rathbun, Charles M. Reed, David 8.
Reid, Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Russell, St. John, Sam-
pie, Saunders, Schenck, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, David
L. Seymour, Simons, Slidell, Albert Smith, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart, Stone, Strong, Sum-
mers, Sykes, Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatta, Tilden, Ty-
ler, Weller, Wentworth, Weqiered, White, Williams,
Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Causin, Clingman, Col la-
mer, Cranston, Deberry, Giddings, Grinnell, Hudson, Jos.
R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Morse,
Phoenix, Elisha R. Potter, Pratt, Rodney, Rogers, Caleb B. •
Smith, Spence, Vance, Vinton, and Winthrop—26.
The memorial was laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON moved a suspension of the rules,
that the House might resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole, for the purpose, he irtimated, of ta-
king up the bill to reduce and graduate the price of
public lands. The motion- was withdrawn, however,
at the request of
Mr. NEWTON, who, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution authorizing Capt. James
Lowe to assign a certain section of land; which res-
olution was read a first and second time, and order-
ed to be engrossed and passed.
Mr. SIKES, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the Committee had examined
an enrolled bill and joint resolution of the following
titles:
No. 375. An act directing a dispostion of the
charts of the survey of the coast.
No. 32. Joint resolution authorizing the corpora-
tion of Baltimore to use a building of the United
States at Lazaretto Point.
A message was received from the Senate inform-
ing the House that the Senate had concurred in the
amendment of the House to the resolution of the
Senate fixing a day for the adjournment of Con-
gress.
They have concurred in the resolution of the House
(of the 26th February last) amending the 19th joint
rule. ,
They have passed bills of the following titles:
An act for the relief of William De Buys, late
postmaster at New Orleans.
An act to continue the pension of certain widows.
An act granting a pension to James Duffy.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. NEWTON, by leave, presented a minority
report from the Committee Of Elections in the case
of Botts versii" Jones.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired what the resolution was
with which the report concluded.
Mr. NEWTON was understood to say that there
was no resolution appended to the report. Ha
then moved that the report of the minority be laid
upon the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to take up the report
of the majority, and concur m it, inasmuch as the
minority had come to the same conclusion as the
majority, that the matter might be ended.
Mr. VANCE hoped the day would be devoted to
private bills, to which it belonged. The Senate had
agreed to the resolution, fixing the 17th June for
the adjournment of Congress, and this day, prob-
ably, would be the last that could be devoted to
private bills; and hence he hoped the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee would not prevail.
Messrs. DROMGOOLE, NEWTON, SUM-
MERS, J. W. DAVIS, HAMLIN, and WHITE,
made some observations.
The question was then stated to be on taking up
the subject.
Mr. VANCE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered, and being taken, resulted thus—
yeas 101, nays 6b.
YKAS—Messrs. Adams, Anderson, Arrington. Atkinson,
Baylcy, Benton, Bidlack, James Black, James A. Black,
Blackwell, Boyd. Lrinkerhoff, Willnm J. Brown, Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell, Shepherd Cary, Reuben Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Cobb, Coles. Cullom, Dana, Dan-
iel, Richard D. Da\is, John W. Davis, Dillingham, Doug-
lpss, Dromgoole, Dunlop, Ellis, Failee, Ficklm, Foster,
Fiench. Hale, Hamlin, Hammet, Haralson, Hoge, Hopkins,
Houston, Huboid, Iiubbell, Hughes, Ilungerford. James B.
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W Jones, Kirkpatriek, Labranche, Leon-
ard, Lucas, Lumpkm, McCauslen, Maclay, McClernand,
McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Joseph Morris,
Murphy, Norris, Owen, Payne", Pollock. Emery D. Potter,
Purdy, David S. Reid, Reding, Ritter, Roberts, Russell,
St. John, Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Sey-
mour, Simons, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steen-
rod, Stetson, John Stewart, Styles, Stone, Strong, Sykes,
Taylor, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth,
Wneaton, Williams, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Ashe, Baker, Barringer, Barnard^
