648
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
fices-which a change of circumstances might bring upon
them, the national interest requires that, with respect to
such articles, at least, as belong to our defence and primary
wants, we should not be left in a state of unnecessary de-
pendence on external supplies."
Let me call your attention to a selection from the report
of Mr. Dallas, when Secretary of the Tieasury, in 1816:
"It was emphatically during the period of the restrictive
6ystem and the war that the importance of domestic man-
ufactures became conspicuous to the nation, and made a last-
ing impression on the mind of every statesman and every
patriot. From 1783 to 1808, the march of domestic manufac-
tures was slow but steady. It has since been tTold, rapid,
and firm."
Mr. Newton of Virginia, chairman of the Committee on
Commerce and Manuiactures, in a liberal and able leport,
in February, 1816, expressed the same opinion:
"Prior to 1806 and 1807, establishments for manufactures
of cotton had not been attempted, but in a few instances,
and on a limited scale Their rise and progiess are attribu-
table to embarrassments to which commerce was sub-
jected."
The impulse thus given was continued and increased by
the war; and thus the manufacturers of 1816 were, as I have
said, the joint and stimulated product of that event, of the
interruptions of commerce which for five years preceded it,
and of what I may call the- national progress and changes
of national industry.
Now, sir, for the protection manufactures thus called
into existence, and which, instead of the fr>lain, hardy,
course, and household employments of 1789, had grown a
refined, complicated, and sensitive industry, the duties of
1789 had become totally inadequate in 181G. It cannot be
too often repeated nor t#o literally understood, that th«c a
new age had opened on the world. With the battle of Water-
loo one era ended, and another begun. The thunders of that
of doom—what were they but the great bell of time sound-
ing out another hour ? Then arose a new age on the exhausted
nations; an age to which "no monarch shall affix his name;
the age ofindustry; the age of comforts toahe poor; the age
of the people." Immediately they all turned to the de-
velopment and culture of their own resources; to the con-
tests of peace, more glorious than the contests of war.
England, in a pre-eminent sense and degree, went back,
with all her energies, all her capital, and all her numbers,
from the Tagus, the Rhine, the Neva, to contend in Bir-
mingham and Manchester and Liverpool for the markets of
the United States. On that field, sir, we were then no
match for her. On others, we had won some laurels; there
we were not yet her match. It became indispensable that
the government should throw its protecting arm around the
labor of the country; should guard it against the fierce, new,
and hot competition which assailedit; should shelter it from
the torrid heat and the sudden blasts of the new woild in
which it found itself The duties of 1783 would hove been
as unavailing as bow and arrow against the bayonet and fly-
ing artillery"of modern war. Sir. one most striking and de-
cisive proof of this is at hand. The tariff of 1816 was meant
to be a protecting tariff. As such, it was assailed and de-
fended. Some things it did protect. Some effects it did
produce. It put an end to the importation of cotton fabrics
made in the East Indies of East Indian cotton; and to that
extent it extended the market of the cotton of America. I
have no doubt that, taking it altogether, it was a better tariff
than this bill of the senator from South Carolina; better
than such a bill as the principles indicated by the senator
from Missouri would construct. But what were its effects?
Manufactures were prostrated. From an annual product of
two hundred millions in 1816, they had fallen in 1820 to an
annual product of thirty-six millions only. This it was
which stimulated that great effort in 1S20 for a more ad-
equate system. In this, as in 1789, Pennsylvania took the
lead. She was powerfully seconded by the eloquence and
/,eal of Mr. Clay; a better law passed the House, but failed
toy one vote m this body. We lived along, languishing, until
1S24, when government at length recognised the existence
and the demands of the new age of the world. We came
fairly into line; and entered on that contest of industrial
glory with the nations, where the prizes are unstained by
tears or blood; where the victory is without guilt, and the
triumph without abatement.
I have spoken, Mr. President, of a new age. I hold here
a curious and striking proof and product of such an age.
It is a pamphlet called "Foreign Tariffs; their injurious ef-
fects on British manufactures, especially the woollen man-
ufacture;''and it is a collection of the protecting regulations
of different governments, adopted since 1815, with "pro-
posed remedies." It is compiled by Mr. Bischoff, a British
manufacturer, no doubt; but who at all events "most potent-
ly and powerfully believes55 that the \v orld was created
solely for the sake of consuming British manufactures.
You could get no other idea into his head. If he could see
the nations, one and all, coming back to British cottons,
woollens, iron, and glass, and all else which makes up the
circle of her arts, he would die happy. Read the motto on
his title page. "Encourage those trades most that vend
most of our manufactures/' He takes it from Sir Josiah
Childs's discourses on trade; but it embodies the whole sum
and substance of the political economy of England. What
effect the consummation which he so devoutly wishes might
have on the comforts, the population, the wealth,
the aggrandizement of the consuming and non-rnan-
ufaeturing nations, he very naturally and very proper-
ly leaves them to consider. That is their business. It is
ins "to vend the manufactures of England."' Well, it is
quite plain that he feels that his country is a little wronged
by the way the world is going. Hear how pathetically he
ejaculates:
"The ink with which the treaties of "Vienna were signed
"was scarcely dry, ere Russia, to which an immense trade
used to be carried on in woollens, prohibited the importa-
tion of all course cloth by enormous duties, excepting, in-
d< ed, what was ordered by her own government for the
rlolhing of the tioops. The King of Sardinia, who had his
k.il:an dominions restored to him by British valor, and
t -enoa, with its rich territories and fine sea ports, added to
his kingdom, not only deprived us of the great privileges
•we formerly enjoyed, but imposed aliwost prohibitory du
ties on the importation of British manufactures,-not only
into his own dominions, but into those territories wlucn
were added to his kingdom. The Emperor of Austria pro-
hibited the introduction of our woollens and cottons into his
empire, including also' his newly acquired Italian States,
Lombardy, the Milanese, Venice, &c., which formerly took
large quantities of our goods. And other governments act-
ed m a similar manner.
"Such was the policy, and such has continued to be the
policy of the continental powers, without apparently a sin-
gle objection, remonstrance, or protest, from England, or
any effort made to preserve our manufactures; and thus has
our trade iu the near markets of Europe been almost de-
stroyed.
"The continental States have, moreover, by adopting the
mode of imposing duties on weight, instead of, as formerly,
on value, struck anirieparable blow,unless that system be
altered, at the old staple manuiactures of the country—
cloths, coatings, and other woollons of low qualities, which
consume British wool, making a pound weight of the
coarsest fabrics pay the same amount of duty as a pound of
the very best superfine cloth. That system is as injurious
to the wool grower as it is to the manufacturer.
"With scarce a single exception, all States have had in
view what has been deemed protection or stimulus to their
own fabrics. This has been the policy of France, Spain,
Portugal, Belgium, Prussia, Denmark, Sweden, Russia,
Austria, Sardinia, Naples, and even the United States of
America. Whether the course so adopted be wise or not—
whether the term 'shackles' would not be more properly ap-
plied to the system than 'protection'—whether it be just or
not to tax the many for the supposed advantage of the
few,—is not now the question. They had the example of
England, which appears to have been the rule upon which
they have acted."
In all Europe, Holland is perhaps the single country
which has not adopted such a policy. And she. sir, is not
quite the Holland she was in the times of Charles the
Second, when the thunders of her cannon "startled that
effeminate tyrant in his own palace, and in the arms of his
mistresses;" not what she was in 1688, when she gave a de-
livoier to England; not what she was when she was the car-
rier and banker of all the woild. All but her are taking
care of themselves, with the most total and provoking dis-
regard of all the free-trade preaching, by which England
would persuade mankind that the methods which "lia\e
made her rich and great will make all other nations poor
and feeble. Turkey improves a little on ail, "letting every-
thing come fieely mto her dominions, but letting nothing
go out,'" borrowing he) policy, it might seem, from her own
Mediterranean, into which there ever runs an unreturning
JiOed.
A distinguished friend not long since remarked to me,
that the character and topics of the British parliamentary
debates, compared with those of a half century ago, very
strikingly indicated the existence of that new world which
statesmen have to act ni. I have thought I could remark
the same thing. What could such a leader as the elder
Pitt do with such a House of Commons and such subjects
of debate? What would the exaggerated eloquence of the
great war minister find to say about "onion seed7" Sir Rob-
ert Peel speaks as well on that important article as he does
on Ireland. "The glory of a great minister in the last cen-
tury was, that he made this countiy flourish still more by
war than peace The glory of the present era is, that
things have returned to their natural course; and that peace
is become, as it ever ought to be, a greater restorer of na-
tionalforce than war."
Yes, sir, the times have changed. That is the wisest na-
tion which the most adequately comprehends the degree,
the permanence, the nature of the change, and first places
itself at the head of the great industrial revolution. It is
the praise of the statesmen of 1816 and 1824, that they un-
derstood and acted upon this truth. It was because they
did, that they at once held fast to the principles and deserted
the details of the legislation of 1789. If you would restore
the dress and the cradle of infancy, you must bring back
again its tiny limbs and its stdtuio of a span long. If the
statesmen otthe age of "Washington were alive to-day, they
would not revive the duties of tneir time, unless you could
give back again from the dim dominion of the past the world
of their time.
Another consideration urged by the honoxable senator
from Missouri for returning to the good old legislation, for
abandoning protective duties and substituting duties w hich I
think aie not protective, was this* that ceitam statistical ta-
bles which he produced reveal some very unfavorable prac-
tjcalresults of the presenl system, as contrasted with the re-
sults of the former system. And I agree at once, that if the
clear and equivocal teachings of a sufficient experience pro-
nounce against the existing policy, it is to be abandoned.
But do the-;e tables make out such a case*
I find, sir, that I shall not have occasion to detain yon up-
on them as long as 1 at first designed to do, because I think
that one general observation applies to and disposes of the
matter. If the premises are true, the conclusions do not
appear to lollow. if the tables are true, and the whole
truth, they prove nothing against the policy of protection.
If ever} liguic in every column is right, still the great
question oi the effect ol that policy on agriculture, com-
merce, and revenue, which has been so instructively de-
bated, is left just where it was befoie No new argument
h ailoided against the views which the senators from Maine,
Connecticut, Veimont, Rhode Island. Georgia and my col-
league, have taken; and no additional force or illustration
is given to the views of the senators from South Caiolma
and New Hampshire. The tables either do not show what
the working ol the existing system has been, or they show
nothing which has not been asserted and conceded before.
Suppose, for example, in the first place, that the tables in-
dicate that the receipts from customs wore more regular
before 1308 than since lSlfi: that they went on advancing
with a more regular progiession, with less of fluctuation
from laige m one year to small in the next, and the re^
how can you possibly refer this to the low duties of one
period, or the high duties of the other? I can very well
understand that sudden and great changes from one late to
another, too many of which have disfigured and disturbed
the latter period, will cause fluctuations in all things, m
imports, exports, business, hopes, fears, plans, everything.
It is for that very reason that I deprecate the proposed great
change. But that a fixed, settled policy of high duties,
known, promulgated to the world, promulgated to the for-
eign manufacturer and shipper—such a system as that of
England, for instance—should cause more fluctuations in the
receipts from customs than a policy of low duties no bet-
ter known and no more firmly fixed; this 1 have not organs
to comprehend. Sir, you jmust show some connection be-
tween high duties,as such,and the fluctuations you complain
of. You must not suy post hoc erqo.propter hoc. This would
be to attribute the rise of cotton to icebergs or meteors, if I
may employ an illustration of the senator from South Caro-
lina. I think it is Addison's country gentleman who insist-
ed upon it that there had been no good weather in England
since the revolution of 1688. 1 cannot speak for the weath-
er; but, good or bad, nobody but the tory fox-hunter himself
threw the blame on the going out Of the Stuarts. Sir, no
doubt there are far more causes of irregularity in our im-
ports and in our receipts from customs, wholly disconnect-
ed with the absence or presence of a piotcctive policy now,
than when we were poorer, fewer, traded less, and had a
market for which foreign producers less desperately con-
tended. If you go back to good old colonial times—to 1650
and 1070—1 dare say you might find still less irregularity in
these particulars. Probably, too, the Indians of the north-
west have received their annual supplies of gunpowder,
blankets, and the like, from the British colonial govern-
ment, with a regularity still more severely and beautifully
guarded. A thousand causes of this kind of fluctuations
there must be, with which the rates of duties have no more
to do than the icebergs with the pnee of cotton, or the rev-
olution with the bad weather. In a country whose numbers
have been growing from ten millions to seventeen millions;
with a commerce extending as far as winds blow and
waters roll; a commerce which trades in everything
with everybody; a country supplying its home mar-
ket, and partly carrying its own productions in its
own ships, and yet contending for that market and that nav
igation with numerous and greedy foreign competitors;
passing through more than one great convulsion which
has shaken the whole world of trade: agitated by the cur-
icnts and winds of its own seasons of local speculation: its
currency sometimes disordered; its policy too often chang
ing; all things, business, values, wa^es, the solemntem-
ples of its constitutions themselves, rising and falling on the
waters ofopinion which know no rest—in such a country
I shall neither be surprised nor scared to see, under what-
ever rates of duty, a great deal of irregularity in imports
, and in revenue from imports. Whether it be an evil or not,
and to whatever extent it be one, I see no connection be-
tween it and a known, settled, promulgated, well and wide-
ly understood policy of protection.
Perhaps I might not entirely concur with the distinguish
ed senator from Missouri, in his estimate of the magnitude
of the evil. An evil, it no doubt is. Sometimes, m some
circumstances, irregularity would '«e an intolerable one.
In the case he puts, of a balloon in the air, now "bursting
with distension, now collapsing from depletion," it would
be greatly inconvenient. But all greatness is irregular.
All irregularity is not defect, is not ruin Take a different
illustration from that "of the balloon. Take the New Eng-
land climate in summer: j-ou would think the world was
coming to an end. Certain recent heresies on that sub-
ject may have had a natural origin there. Cold to-day,
hot to-morrow; mercury at 80 degrees in the morning,
with a wind at southwest; and m- three hours more,
a sea tum, wind at east, a thick fog from the very
bottom of the ocean, and a fall of 40 degrees of
Fahrenheit; now so dry as to kill all the beans in New
Hampshire, then floods carrying oft the bridges and dams of
the Penobscot and Connecticut, snow in Portsmouth in
July, and the next day a man and a yoke of oxen killed by
lightning in Rhode Island—yon would think the world was
twenty times coming to an end! But I don't know how it
is, we go along, the early and the latter rain falls each in
his season; seed time and harvest do not fail, the sixty days
of hot corn weather are pretty sure to be measured out "to
us; the Indian summer, with its bland southwest and miti-
gated sunshine brings all up; and on the twenty-fifth of No-
vembei, or thereabouts, being Thursday, three millions of
grateful people, m meeting-houses, or around the family
board, give thanks for a year of health, plenty, and happi-
ness. All irregularity, whatever the cause, is not defect,
nor ruin.
Suppose, m the next place, that these tables show a di-
minished consumption of foreign imports, since 1S16, in pro-
portion to our .numbers, compared with the consumption
before,1807.' The protective policy is not the cause. This
is my first answer And the evil is over-balanced by the
good. This is mv next answer. You may consume less of
foreign fabrics, in proportion to your numbers, than before
lSOd, lor the reason that the decline of agricultural prices,
the dimimshe i agricultural exportation, the loss of the
profits and freights ol the golden age of commerce and navi-
gation, may really have made you less able than before to
exchange your labor for foreign labor. Is the policy of pro-
tection to blame for this' Is it not, on the other hand, its
office, its aim, to counteract this very evil which it
does not produce, by enabling you to exchange that
labor for domestic fabrics, which you cannot pass for
ioieign fabrics' You may consume less of some im-
ported fabrics than befoie, for the reason that while
jour general ability is theater, your demand is sup-
plied by the domestic manulacturer. And is there anything
very dreadful in this? Suppose that, by this means, that
useful loreign commerce which binds the nations together
may not now giow quite m proportion to our increasing
numbers, or, rather, that its outward and homeward car-
goes somewhat change their nature, still enough of it is
left, enough lor philanthropy, for civilization, for national
wealth, for diversified social employment, while that far
more useful domestic commerce \\ Inch binds together as-
sociated States, and kindred hearts, and tribes, has expand-
ed till it carries a -\ alue of a thousand millions of dollars in
a y ear.
Suppose, finally, the honorable senator's table announce
d diminished export of agucultuial productions since the
vear iHlfi—diminished since the time when Europe forgot
agriculture, to pursue war: how is the tariff of protection
responsible for this.' Does anybody believe that we should -
