I;
m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"BMBgle.Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown.'Bofiington, Car-
roIl> Causin, Clinch, Clineman, .Cranston, Darragh, Garrett
Payis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Dickinson, Florence. Foot,
(Hidings; Ooggin, Grinnell, Grider, Harper, Hudson, Wash-
Sngten Hunt, Joseph It. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B.
Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P.
King, Mcllvaine, Morse, Nes, Newton, Peyton, Phosnix,
Elisha R. Potter, Preston, Ramsey, Rodney, Rogers, Sam-
pie, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb B.
Smith, Spence, Summers, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wethered, White,. Winthrop,
and William Wright—66. *
So the motion ti> proceed to the consideration of
the subject was agreed to.
The Clerk read the resolution reported by the
majority, which declared J. W. Jones to be enti-
tled to his seat.
- Mr. SCHENCK moved that the further consid-
■ eration of the reports of the majority and of the mi-
nority of the Committee of Elections in this case
be postponed until Thursday next.
Mr. S. proceeded to remark that, in order to get
a full understanding of the grounds upon which the
minority of the committee had come to the conclu-
sion to which they had arrived, it seemed to him it
was absolutely necessary that gentlemen should
have an opportunity of examining the evidenct.
The minority, it was true, had concurred with the
decision of the majority in its final result; but there
remained a question regarding the qualification, o
•votes, the decision of which would affect the le-
gality of the election in many of the States. He
had concurred in excluding the class of votes ex-
cluded by the majority, because the admission of
such votes (under the qualifications prescribed by
the States) would be rendering nugatory the power
granted to the Congress of the United States—the
States being permitted to admit to citizenship those
who were not recognised as citizens in evey respect,
and particularly under the laws of the United States.
It was true, it would cut off thousands of voters in
Michigan and other States; and he would say to his
New England friends that it would cut off the
votes of all colored persons. If the kind of votes to
which he had referred were allowed, Mr. Botts
would have a majority of three or four votes, and
consequently be entitled to the seat; but being ex-
cluded, Mr. Jones had a majority.
Mr. HAMLIN inquired whether Mr. Botts was
■ aware that the subject had been appointed for con-
sideration this day, and whether he desired to be
heard.
Mr. SCHENCK replied that the consideration of
the subject had not been assigned for to-day, other
than the question as to the printing of the evidence,
lie was in favor of printing all the testimony, be-
cause he was willing that other gentlemen should
have the opportunity which he had had of examin-
ing it. He thought the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Newton] was mistaken when he said that Mr.
Botts was satisfied with the decision of the minority
of the committee; with that of the majority he cer-
tainly was not.
Mr. NEWTON said perhaps he had been mis-
understood m what he had said. What he intend-
ed to say was, that he believed it was the deter-
mination of Mr. Botts to abide by the decision of
thejmnority, being satisfied that the minority had
done what they believed to be justice.
Mr. DOUGLASS said he did not understand the
question decided by the committee in regard to that
class of voters alluded to by the gentleman from
Ohio as necessarily bringing up the question as to
whether that class of voters in Michigan, Illinois,
and other States, should be admitted or excluded.'
He held that any State of this Union had a right to
jji-escribe the qualification of voters within such
State, and that this House had not the power to re-
ject a member elected by such voters.
The question being put upon the motion for post-
ponement, was it carried.
_ The question for the printing of the testimony be-
ing next m order,
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the motion to print
was laid on the table.
Mr. VANCE moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table. 1
Mr. C. JOPINSON moved a suspension of the
^ !e House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; which mo-
tion taking preccdence,
it IANCE de™anded 'he yeas and nays upon
^ rtl 7 we,rL red; and>bei"g taken, result-
ed thus—yeas 104, nays 76.
B™k^V ?JfSrsi4rrinSton' Asl e, Atkinson, Barrineer
Bajlj, Belser, B.dlagk, Edward .}. Black,
James A. Black, Blackwell, Bower, Bowlin, Brinkerhoft',
Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Burke,
Caldwell, Campbell, Jeremiah E. Cary, Shepherd Cary,
Reuben Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cullom, Dana,
Darragh, Richard D. Davis, John W Davis, Dawson,
Dickinson, Dillingham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Dunlap, Ellis, Farjee, Ficklm, French, Goggin, Willis
Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammet, Haralson, henley, Her-
rick, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubbell, Hughes, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Perley B Johnson, Andrew Johnson,
George W. Jones, 'Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lucas, Mc-
Causlen, McClernand, McConnell, McKay, Joseph Morris,
Newton, Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Peyton, Elisha
R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Purdy, David S. Reid, Reding,
Relfe, Ritter, Roberts, Senter, Thomas H. Seymour, David
L. Seymour, Slidell, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steen-
rod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stiies, Stone, Strong, Taylor,
Thomasson, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Welter, Vv'ent-
worth, Wheaton, Williams, and Woodward—104.
NAYS—,\iessrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Baker, Bar-
nard, Boyd, Brengle, J Brown, Butftngion, Carroll, Can-
sin, Chngman, Collamcr, Cranston, Cross, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, Dean, Debeny, Dellet, Dickey, Florence, Foot,
Foster, Giddings, Grinnell, Grider, Harper, Hays, Hud-
son, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B. Hunt,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King,
Lyon, Maelay, McClelland, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Mathews,
Morse, Moseley, Murphy, Phrenix, Pollock, Preston, Ram-
sey, Charles M. Reed, Rodney, Rogers, Russell, Sample,
Saunders, Schenck, Severance, Simons, Albert Smith, Ca-
leb B. Smith, Summers. Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanme-
ter, Vinton, Wethered, White, Winthrop, William Wright,
Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—76.
LAND CLAIMS.
The House then resolved itself into Committe of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wel-
ler in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill to provide for the adjustment of land claims
in the States of Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, &.c.
The question pending when the committee rose
yesterday, was on the motion of Mr. Chapman, of
Alabama, to strike out the 3d section. The motion
was rejected.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to strike out the 8th
section; to which Mr. SLIDELL, who had the bill
in charge, assented.
Tellers, however, were demanded; and Messrs.
C. Johnson and Brengle were appointed, and they
reported 55 in the affirmative and 45 in the negative;
no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN said there was evidently a
quorum present, and he requested gentlemen to vote
either on one side or the other.
The tellers again took the vote; and they reported
G3 in the affirmative: the negative was not taken,
and the section was stricken out.
The bill was laid aside to be reported.
REMUNERATION FOR LOSSES BY MISSOURI
VOLUNTEERS.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the committee
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriation for the pay for horses lost in the
Florida war by Missouri volunteers.
Mr. HARALSON moved an amendment, the
object of which, together with that of the bill itself,
he explained.
Mr. JAMESON also made a few remarks in favor
of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Some unimportant amendments werajiroposed and
disposed of, and the bill was debated bv Messrs.
G. W. JONES, COLES, COBB, HARALSON,
and some others.
The hour of two o'clock, which had been fixed to
terminate debate, having arrived, the committee pro-
ceeded to vote upon the pending amendments; but it
was found that, of the members present, there was
less than a quorum.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee rose
and reported that fact to the House.
Mr. HARALSON moved that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreeed to; and the clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll.
There were one hundred and twenty-nine gentle-
men found to be present, and the further proceedings
under the call were dispensed with. &
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole, and resumed the business which ws3
under consideration when the committee rose a,id
after disposing of some amendments, that bill was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
NAVY-YARD AT MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE.
Mr. ASHE moved that the committee take up the
bill to establish a navy-yard at Memphis, Tennes-
see.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs .Ashf. and
Haralson were appointed, and they reported 56 in
the affirmative, and 51 in the negative, being less
than a quorum. Another count was taken, and 64
voted in the affirmative, and 46 in the negative, still
no quorem voting.
As it was evident a quorum was in the House, a
third count took place, and resulted thus: 76 in the
affirmative, and 40 in the negative.
So the committee agreed to take up the bill desig-
nated.
The Clerk read the bill accordingly.
Mr. THOMPSON proposed a substitute for
the bill, by which it was designed that the President
of the United States should be empowered to ap-
point a naval officer ofthe rank of a post-captain, an
officer of the corps of engineers, &c., to make a sur-
vey of the river Mississippi, and select a site for a na-
val depot. He admitted the importance of a naval
depot on the Mississippi river, but he did not deem
Memphis the best location, inasmuch as she was
situated about one thousand miles from the Gulf of
Mexico, for whose protection the western naval sta-
tion was intended; and as the depth of water, at
some portions of the year, near Memphis, was so
low as to endanger navigation for vessels of a large
class.
The amendment was opposed by Mr. C. JOHN-
SON.
It was further debated by Messrs. R. SMITH,
CROSS, PARMENTER, J. R. INGERSOLL,
and DAWSON.
Mr. HAMMETT desired to address the com-
mittee; but not having at hand certain docu-
ments which he required, he gave way to a motion
that the committee rise, which was carried; and the
committee rose, and reported to the House the bill
concerning Louisiana land claims, the widows' pen-
sion bill, and the bill for the repayment of losses
sustained by the Missouri volunteers; and that they
had as yet come to no conclusion on the bill to estab-
lish a navy yard at Memphis.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. SEVERANCE: The petition of Joseph F. Jen-
nings and others, of l^ayne, Maine, for a post route, and
for a post office at North Wayne.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of 22 citizens of Colum-
bus, Ohio, praying for the passage by the House of Repre-
sentatives of the hill from the Senate to reduce postage.
By Mr. MURPHY : The petition of James H. Clark, a
purser in the navy of the United States, praying relief upon
sundry items arising from suspensions, disallowances, and
unsettled claims, originating in the adjustment of his public
accounts. Referred to the committee on naval aflairs.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 1, 1844.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate two execu-
tive communications: one from the Treasury De-
partment in reference to substituting gas for oil in
light-houses; and the other from the Naty Depart-
ment relative to improvement in the navy yard at
Pensacola: the former referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and the latter to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from citizens
of Missouri, requesting that the land office of Jack-
son district in that State may not be removed: refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
_ Also, a petition from citizens of Missouri, pray-
ing for the removal of the circuit court from St,
Louis to Jefferson city, in that State: referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial nume-
rously signed by citizens of Philadelphia, asking
lor such alteration in the naturalization law as will
require from all foreigners, desirous of becoming cit-
izens of the United States, a residence of 21 years
alter their declaration of becoming such, before they
can be admitted to the sams political privileges a<s
native citizens.
In presenting this memorial, Mr. B. observed,
t-iat whilst it always afforded him pleasure to com-
ply with the requpst of any portion of his constitu-
ents, he felt himself constrained by a sense of duty
to declare that he could not advocate the prayer of
the memorialists. He vas opposed to any change
m the naturalization laws, and could not consent
that a foreigner should be compelled to remain in
tins country so long a period as twenty-one years,
after declaring his intention to become a citizen of
the United States, before he could carry his inten-
tion into execution. The memorialists are anxious
that this question should be decided with as little
delay as possible; and he thought there were imper-
