686
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SE FMOUR submitted the motion.
Mr. VANCE again urged upon the House the
propriety of proceeding with the private bills.
Mr. W. J. BROWN moved that the motion to
reconsider be ptfstponed until Wednesday next;
which motion was agreed to.
IOWA MILITIA.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the private bills which were upon the table Speak-
er's table upon their third reading. The'first, being
"a bill to provide for the payment of Iowa militia
called into service in 1839," was read a third time
and passed.
NARRATIVE OF THE EXPLORING EXPEDI-
TION. '
The next bill taken up was "the bill to extend
copyright to the authors of the Narrative of the Ex-
ploring Expidition."
Mr. HALE objected to taking up this bill on the
ground that it was not a private bill, and that it
would give rise to debate.
Mr. BURKE said the bill was a private bill, and
he hoped it would not be passed over.
The SPEAKER declared the bill to be a private
bill.
And Mr. HALE withdrew his objection.
Mr. BURKE offered an amendment, which was
agreed to.
He also proposed another amendment under the
instruction of the Committee on the Library.
Upon this amendment a debate ensued.
Mr. SCHENCK addressed the committee in op-
position to the bill.
Mr. BURKE made some explanations.
Mr. SCHENCK went on to contend that this
government owed a debt to foreign nations for
works generously given, and said this work ought
to be freely given in return; that it should also be
supplied to public libraries, and in other ways be
diffused amongst the people, and not locked up by
copyright to any individual, from those whom it
had cost so many millions.
Mr. BARNARD defended the bill. He said the
book in question was written by Lieut. Wilkes, the
government going to the expense of the plates only;
and that it was as much the work of Lieut. Wilkes
as Paradise Lost was the production of the mind of
Milton.
Mr. SCHENCK explainer! that each officer of
the exploring expedition was required to keep a
journal, and this work was but a compilation from
those journals.
Mr. BARNARD admitted that the officers were
required each to keep a journal; but whether Lieut.
Wilkes had had recourse to them, he knew not, and
cared not. When Lieut. Wilkes delivered up his
journal, the government had no further demand
upon him, nor control over him. He had now
written a book which was not a part of his duty to
the government, and to that book his title was com-
plete; and hence the copyright belonged to him.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL spoke in opposition to
the bill.
Mr. VANCE moved to lay the bill on the table;
and on this motion the yeas and nays were ordered,
and icsulted thus:—yeas 116, nays 39.
So the bill was laid on the table.
The bill to authorize the allowance recommended
by the legislature of Florida to the Secretary of the
Senate and Clerk of the House of Representatives
of said Territory, was then taken up and read. The
bill proposes an increase of allowance from $3 to SG
per diem.
On motion of Mr. BRINKERHOFF, the bill
was laid upon the table.
The bill for the relief of Seth Sweetzer was read.
Mr. C. JOHNSON made some remarks in op-
position to the bill.
He was replied to by Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then moved to lay the bill
upon the table; but withdrew the motion to allow
Mr. ADAMS to address a few remarks to the
House in favor of its passage.
. The bill was further debated by Messrs. C. J.
INGERSOLL, SAMPLE, and C. JOHNSON,
who renewed his motion to lay upon the table; which
motion prevailed, and the bill was laid upon the
table.
Mr. COBB moved a reconsideration of the vote
by which the bill in relation to the salaries of the
legislative officers of the Territory of Florida was
laid on the table.
Mr. C. remarked that he made this motion for the
purpose of affording the gentleman from Florida an
opportunity of making some explanations regard-
ing it.
The motion-for reconsideration was negatived.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed:
A bill for the relief of P. P. Ambler, C. P Am-
bler, and Elizabeth Pearce, heirs of Eliz. Rowe.
A bill for the relief of Samuel Butler.
-A bill for the relief of Susannah, widow of Wm.
Scott.
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the
schooner Mary Francis.
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the
schooner Garnett.
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the
schooner Florilla.
A bill for the relief of Langtry and Jenkins.
A bill for the relief of E. Hiddon.
A bill for the relief of D. Akinson.
A bill for the relief of Francis Sommeraner.
A bill for the relief of A. D. W. Bodly.
A bill for the relief of Harvey Parke.
A bill for the relief of J. P. Converse.
A bill for the relief of C. P. Sengstack.
A bill for the relief of David Allspach.
A bill to confirm the claim of Antonio Cherisio to
a tract of land in Louisiana.
A bill for Jhe relief of George Singley.
A bill for the relief of George Wentling.
A bill for the relief of Uriah Loomis.
[A bill forthe relief of Amaziah Goodwin was laid
on the table.]
A bill for the relief of John Edmonson.
A bill for the relief of Mary A. Linton.
A bill for the relief of Peter Wilson.
A bill for the relief of Wilmot Marsden, widow
of George Marsden.
A bill for the relief of W. R. Joyne.
A bill for the relief of Maria Ostrander.
A bill for the relief of Sherman Pierce.
A bill for the relief of Abelard Guthrie.
A bill for the relief of Daniel W. Church.
A bill for the relief Ann Hunter, widow of Rob-
ert Hunter.
A bill for the relief of Mary B. Perry and others.
A bill to incorporate the Georgetown college, in
the District of Columbia.
A bill for the relief of William P. Duvall.
A bill for the relief of Richard Snead.
[The bill for the relief of the heirs of Francis
Cazeau, of Montreal, was laid upon the table.]
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
John Baker, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Samuel Moore.
A bill forthe relief of PatrickMasterton.
A bill for the relief of Drusilla Giesay,
A bill for the relief of Lund Washington.
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the
schooner Privado.
A bill for the relief of the owner and crew of the
schooner Two Brothers.
A bill for the relief of John H. Russel, et al.
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of the
schooner Dove.
A bill for the relief of Francis Yoast and J. P.
Rogers.
A bill for the relief of Alice Usher.
A bill for the relief of John Milsted.
A bill for the relief of Henry Newingham.
A bill for the relief of Isaac Barker.
A bill for the relief of John Perham.
A bill for the relief of Philip Sch wartztrawber.
A bill for the relief of Barnabas Baker and others,
owners of the schooner Union, of Dennis, in Mas-
sachusetts.
A bill for the relief of Solomon Sturges, assignee
of Humphrey Richcreek. b ' °
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Hart
deceased. '
A bill for the relief of Isaac S. Ketchum.
A bill for the relief of Isaac S. Ketchum, late
special Indian agent. '
A bill for the relief of Henry S. Commager.
A bill for the relief of Asenath Orvis, widow of
G. Orvis.
A bill for the relief of Josiah Dillon.
A bill for the relief of John Sands.
A bill for the relief of Nancy Wilson, widow of
Capt. William J. Wilson.
A bill for the relief Asa Davis.
A bill for the relief of Manlius V. Thompson sole
executor of Miles W. Dickey. '
A bill for the relief of William McCaully.
A bill for the relief Mrs. M. M. Telfair.
A bill for the relief of Frangois Chretren, and
widow Baptiste Berard.
A Jbill for the relief of Susannah Warner.
A bill for the relief of Marcay Olds.
A bill for the relief of Margaret Dougherty.
A bill for the relief of Amos Proctor.
A bill to test the utility of the sub-marine teles-
cope.
A bill for the relief ef widow Hannah Duboise.
A joint resolution for the benefit of Saltmarsh &
Fuller.
A joint resolution for the benefit of William Ful-
ler.
A joint resolution for the benefit of Sellars and
Pennant.
A bill for the relief Edward Kennard.
A bill for the relief of Daniel G. Skinner, of Ala-
bama.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 3, 1844.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from citizens
of Macon county, Missouri, praying for the estab-
lishment of a land office at Bloomington, in that
county, consolidating the land offices of Palmyra
and Lafayette: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. A. also presented the petition of Rowland
Burnett, praying for permission to enter, at the min-
imum price, a certain fractional section of land: re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of a
number of citizens of Philadelphia, similar to the
memorial he presented at the last sitting of the Seu-
,ate, asking for such alteration in the law of naturali-
zation as will require a residence of twenty-one
years on the part of foreigners before they can be-
come naturalized citizens. The memorial was ac-
companied by a letter, urging the decision of Con-
gress, this session, on the subject; and stating that
many similar memorials would be immediately for-
warded. He would move the reference of this me-
morial to the Judiciary Committee, and submit to
the chairman the necessity of a speedy report from
the committee on the subject.
OREGON TERRITORY. 1
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of numerous
citizens of the county of Oswego, in the State of New
York, praying that measures may be taken by Con-
gress for settling the Oregon country, and protecting
the emigrants to it. In presenting the petition, Mr.
B. said it would be an excusable egotism in him to
refer to his opinions of twenty-five years ago in re-
lation to the Oregon, and the convention then made
for its joint occupation by the British and Ameri-
cans. He had published his opinions at that time,
and now had them on his table, and should send
them to the press as a part of his remarks; but
should spare the Senate the trouble of hearing them
read. He had then opposed the treaty, and foretold
all the evils from it which are now seen and felt by
everybody, and had given all the reasons against
forming the convention for the joint occupation then
which are now given for getting rid of it
This convention of 1818 was a geographical and
a political blunder. It assumed, or went upon the
assumption, that there were several great rivers and
harbors on the northwest coast of America, some
belonging to Great Britain, some to the United
States, and the mutual use of each should be given
to the owners of eithei, to occupy them jointly for
a limited time, without detriment to the titles of
either. This was the assumption, and the basis on
which the joint occupation was laid, while, in fact,
there was but one great river in that quarter, and
that river was the exclusive property of the United
states. This was the geographical blunder; and
upon this the superstructure of political blunder
was erected. It was a blunder to admit a foreign
power to a joint occupation of our domain. That
blunder became equivalent to a surrender of the ter-
ritory m this case, because the power admitted into
our possession was powerful and organized, and
destined to acquire the exclusive possession. This
soon happened; for the powerful Hudson's Bay
company soon became sole possessors of the coun-
try by killing, or having killed, four or five hundred
of the American traders, and chasing the rest away.
In this way the possession of the river became ex-
clusive on the part of the British; and upon that
possession they have set up a title, which, coupled
with possession, will require a vigorous effort of
policy, or of arms, to defeat.
