CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6S7
The treaty of joint occupation was a fine specimen
of the skill with which the diplomatic art conceals
the sacrifice of a disadvantageous concession, and
deposits the seed of a new contestation, while assu-
ming to settle an old one. It was a case in which
British diplomacy was an overmatch for American
rights, and in which war itself may be the conse-
quence of the American blunder.
After twenty-five years, the American population
has begun to extend itself to the Oregon. Some
hundreds went a few years ago; a thousand went
last year; two thousand are now setting out from
the frontiers of Missouri; tens of thousands are med-
itating the adventure. I say to them all, Go on!
the government will follow you, and will give you
protection and land! The bill introduced and
passed in the Senate by my late colleague and
friend, [Dr. Linn,] and now prosecuted by his wor-
thy successor, my present colleague, [Mr. Atchi-
son,] and on which he will doubtless be heard in re-
ply to the speakers against the bill,—this bill will
undoubtedly pass, not at this session, for it has been
impeded by causes which must soon cease, but in
the course of the next, or ensuing session. In the
mean time, let the emigrants rely upon it. It is the
geniu3 of our people to go ahead, and it is the prac-
tice of our government to follow, and eventually to
protect and reward the bold pioneers who open the
way to new countries, and subdue the wilderness
for their country. They will get protection, both
civil, military, and naval; for a government will be
established for them, a military force will be sent to
them, and ships of war will visit their coast, and
enter their river. Lands will be granted to them;
land to the father, and to the mother; land to the
young men and the young women over eighteen;
land to all the children.
The bill of my deceased friend, and the pres-
ent bill, contain provisions in favor of all
these classes; and in that form it will pass, because
it is right in itself, and has the sympathies of all
people in its favor. We have made great progress
within some years; we are now where the Romans
were two thousand years ago, and where the
Spanish government was when I went to the upper
Louisiana. The Romans, the freest of people, and
the Spaniards under a despotism, did the same thing:
they gave land to the father of the family, and to
the mother of the family, in proportion to the num-
ber sf their children; and thus, a multitude of
children became a double blessing to their parents.
The father and mother of a numerous progeny were
deemed public benefactors, and to deserve well of
their country, and were rewarded accordingly by
grants of land to each parent and to each child.
This was right; and the example of Rome and
Spain has found imitation in our Oregon bill, sug-
gested by my deceased colleague, improved on the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] and sanctioned by the Senate in the pas-
sage of the bill. The principle will be adhered to,
and not only the mother and father, the young men,
and young women, and all the children born, will have
land; but also all those to be born within five years after
their parents reach the new land of promise. When
Louisianawas purchased, Mr. Jefferson recommend-
ed a free grant of land to the first thirty thousand
emigrants to the west of the Mississippi. Liberal
principles were not then sufficiently advanced to
sanction the grants proposed by Mr. Jefferson: they
have made progrsss since under the discussion of the
graduation and pre-emption bills; and the em-
igrants to Oregon will have the advantage of this
advance in liberal principles.
Let the emigrants go on, and carry their rifles.
We want thirty thousand rifles in the valley of the
Oregon; they will make all quiet there, in the event
of a war with Great Britain for the dominion of that
country. The war, if it comes, will not be topical;
it will not be confined to Oregon; but will embrace
the possessions of the two powers throughout the
globe. Thirty thousand rifles oil the Oregon will
annihilate the Hudson Bay company, drive them off
our continent, quiet their Indians, and protect the
American interests in the remote regions of the
upper Missouri, the Platte and the Arkansas, and in
all the vast region of the Rocky Mountains.
Besides the recovery of the country lost, or jeop-
arded by our diplomacy of 1818, the settlers in
Oregon will also recover and open for us the North
•American road to India! This road lies through the
South Pass, and the mouth of the Oregon; and as
soon as the settlements are made, our portion of the
North American continent will immediately com-
mence its Asiatic trade on this new and national
route. This gteat question 1 explored some years
ago, and only refer to it now to give a glimpse of
the brilliant destiny which awaits the papulation of
the Oregon valley. ..
Twenty-two years ago, President Monroe, in a
message to the two Houses of Congress, proclaimed
the principle 84 fundamental in American jJolicyj
that no part of North America Was open to Euro-
pean colonization, domination, interference, orjnflu-
ence of any kind. That declaration had its refer-
ence to Great Britain and the Oregon, and it found
its response in the hearts of all Americans. Time
has not weakened that response, but confirmed it;
and if any European power develops a design upon
Texas, the response will apply to it also.
Mr. B. then quoted from a publication made by
him in the year 1818, and adopted it as a part of his
remarks on this occasion. The following was the
part of the publication referred to;
THE TREATY WITH ENGLAND.
"It is lime that western men had sxtme shait in the destinies
of this Republic,M—was the sentiment expressed by this
paper on seeing that Mr. Adams kad proposed to dismember
the valley of the Mississippi in behalf of the King of Spain.
That sentiment recurs with great force on reading the treaty
lately made by Mr. Gallatin on the part of the United States
with the King of Great Britain. By this treaty or conven-
tion, the right of navigating the Columbia river for ten
years is granted to the British far companies. This grant
is contained in the third article of the convention, and the
terms in which it is couched, exhibit a curious specimen of
the &kill with which the diplomatic ait endeavors to conceal
the sacrifice of a disadvantageous stipulation; the better to
understand which, the article entire is here given to the
reader:
''ARTICLE in.
" 'It is agreed, that any country that may be claimed by
either party on the northwest coast of America, westward
of the Stony mountains, rhall, together with its harbors,
bays, and creeks, and the navigation of all rivers within the
same, be free and open, for the term of ten years from the
date of the signature of the present convention, to the ves-
sels, citizens, andsubjects of the two powers: it being well
understood that this agreement is not to be construed to the
prejudice of any claim which either of the two high con-
contractmg parties may have to any part of the said coun-
try; the only object of the high contracting parties m that
respect, being to prevent disputes and differences amongst
themselves.'
••Now, it w ould be apprehended, from the tenor of this arti-
cle, that the United States and Great Britain were severally
possessed of numerous harbors, bays, and creeks, and navi-
gable rivers on the coast of the Pacific ocean west of the
Rocky mountains, and that the citizens of the republic, and
the subjects of the King, were mutually benefited by hav-
ing the privilege of using the navigable waters of each
other. At the same time, the fact is, that there are no navi-
gable rivers on the northwest coast of North America, but
the Buenavcatuia, which the Spanish claim and possess, and
the Columbia, which belongs to the United States; and no
other harbors than those which are formed by the estua-
ries of those two rivers. Mr Gallatin, by this aiticle of the
•convention, has therefore given to the English the right of
sheltering in ow hathor, and navigating ouniver without
receiving any sort of consideration whatever in return 'J he
magnitude of this sacrifice on the part of the United States
can only be comprehended by those u ho know the power
of the British fur companies, their system to maintain the
upper hand in the affections and the commerce of the In-
dians, and to turn their arms against us m time of war.
This policy, as well as the fact that the English have no
harbor or navigable river on the west coast of North Ame-
rica, may be learned from the following extract from Sir
Alexander M'Kenxie's Hr>toiy oi the Fur Trade, vol. -2,
p 39.
" 'But whatever course may be taken lrom the Atlantic,
the Columbia is the line ofcommunication from the Pacific
ocean, pointed out by nature, as it is the only navigable
river in the whole extent of Vancouver s minute survey of
that coast, its banks, also, from the first level country m all
the southern extent of continental coa^t fiom Cook's Entrj,
and consequently, the most noilhein Mtuation iit for colo-
nisation, and suitable to the residence of a civilized people.
"'By opening this intercourse between the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans, and forming legular establishments through
the interior, and at both extremes, as well as along the coasts
and islands, the entire command of the fur trade of North
America might be obtained, from latitude 4S north, to the
pole, except that portion of it v\ hich the Russians have in
the Pacific To this maybe added the fishing fn both seas,
and the markets of the four quarters of the globe. Such
would be the field for commercial enterprise, and incalcula-
ble would be the produce of it. when supported by the ope-
rations of that credit and capital which Great Britain so
pre-eminently possesses. Then would this country begin
to be lemunerated for the expenses it has sustained m dis-
covering and surveying the coast of the Pacific ocean,
which is at present left to American adventurers, who,
without regularity or capital, orthedesne of conciliating
future confidence, look altogether to the interests of the
moment They, therefore, collect all the skins they can
procure, and m any manner that suits them, and having ex-
changed them at Canton for the produce ol China, return to
their own country. Such adventures—and many of them.
I have been informed, have been very successful—would
instantly disappear from before a well-regulated trade
"This extract mav answer the further purpose of open-
ing the eyes of American statesmen to the necessity of in-
corporating an 'American Fur Company' powerful enough
to cope with the Northwest and Hudson bay companies,
and to roll back upon their own heads the thunder which
they have directed for forty years against the frontiers oi
the United States.''
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the proceedings
of a large meeting of the citizens of Slemingsburg,
Ky., Without distinction of party, at which resolu-
tions_adverse to thfe ratification of the treaty for the
annexation of Texas to the United States were
unanimously adopted: laid on the tstble.
Mr. ARCHER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over for consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested, it not incom-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to the Sen-
ate the correspondence between the late minister of the
United States in Mexico and the Minister of Foreign Afl'airs
of that republic, upon the subject of an order issued by the
Mexican government, expelling all natives of the United
"States from Upper California and other departments of the
Mexican republic; and also the correspondence between
the said American minister and the Mexican Minister of
Foreign Afl'airs, upon the order prohibiting foreigners the
privilege of the retail trade in Mexico, and which has taken
place subsequently to that heretofore communicated to
Congress on the same subject.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Pierre.Chauteau and others, heirs of Julian Dlt
Btique: report accompanying the bill, with accom-
panying papers, ordered to be printed.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
submitted adverse reports on the petitions of Sarah
Seales, George West, Alice Pew, and Jane Moore:
reports ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEVIER returned, from the Committee ort
Pensions, the petition of Mary Ann Morrill; and oh
his motion the committee was discharged from its
consideration; and the petition was referred to the
Committee 011 Naval Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill in favor of James Wilson,
authorizing the register of a British barque pur-
chased by him. _
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, made several reports relative to matters referred
to that committee. One was in favor of printing,
without the maps, Captain Cram's report relative to
imptovements of St. Louis harbor. Two were
memorials from Pennsylvania, in reference to the
annexation of Texas to the United States; with re-
gard to one of which the committee did not reeom-
mend the printing; and with regard to the other,
(from the Society of Friends convened at Phila-
delphia, from Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Dela-
ware,) it was left to the senator [Mr. Buchanan]
who presented it to move for its being printed, if
that was his desire. The committee would not op-
pose that object, though they did not see any neces-
sity for it.
Mr. BUCHANAN said the Society of Friends
was composed of most respectable citizens, and he
should like to have their memorial printed.
Mr. HAYWOOD did not see any occasion for
printing one description of memorials on this sub-
ject, when it had not been required for all or any
others.
Mr. STURGEON made a few observations not
distinctly heard.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved to lay the report on the
table. If he was not mistaken, the memorial was, in
spirit, inimical to the institutions of the South.
Mr. SIMMONS assured the senator from North
Carolina he was mistaken as to the memorial; prob-
ably he meant the other which the committeee did
not approve of printing. The committee had not,
even with regard to this memorial, recommended it
to be printed; they only reported that they would ob-
ject if it was desired.
Mr. BUCHANAN really did not recollect the
contents of the memorial; but he knew it was from
a very large and respectable assembly of the Society
of Friends from three States of the Union, adopted at
their yearly conference in Philadelphia; and as the
committee, who acted for the conference, desired
him, on presenting it, to ask for its printing, he had
done so. He was anxious to have it printed, al-
though every one knew he was opposed to the
prayer of the memorial; but knowing the respecta-
bility of its signers, he hoped they would be grati-
fied by acceding ,to their desire of having their me-
morial printed.
Mr. SEVIER asked why not print all these memo-
rials, if there was any propriety in printing this?
He hoped all would go by one rule.
Mr. BERRIEN had read the memorial now in
question; which resists the annexation of Texas, on
the grounds that it would furnish an additional
stimulant and market for the slave-trade; and that it
would have the tendency of perpetuating slavery
in the United States. Now, he was unwilling to
give the slighest countenance to the embarrassment
of the question of annexation, with this subject, ot
