June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO .THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Eastern Harbor bill—Mr. Bayly.
H. of Reps.
harbor bill passed - both Houses of Congress, and
was sent to the President for his approval. It
was returned by him, with his objections to its be-
coming a law. Those objections were entered upon
the journal; and the House proceeded at once to re-
consider the bill. The previous question was de-
manded, and ordered by the House; and the vote
being taken by yeas and nays, the bill failed-to pass
by the constitutional majority. On yesterday a mo-
tion was made, under the rules of the House, to re-
consider this last vote. This motion the Speaker
decides to be out of'order; and the only question is,
Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the House.
The constitution prescribes, not in general terms,
but in precise and accurate detail, the proceedings
which shall be had upon the return of a bill by -the
President, with his objections to its becoming a Jaw.
It also provides, in general terms, that "each House
may determine the rules of its proceedings.'1 Un-
der the authority thus given, one of our rules pre-
scribes that "when a motion has been once made
and carried in the affirmative or negative, it shall be
in order lor any member of the majority to move for
the reconsideration thereof on the same, or the suc-
ceeding day."
The first question which presents itself is, can
this House, by one of its rules merely, authorize
proceedings, upon the return of a bill to it by the
President, other than, or in addition to, those pre-
scribed by the constitution. Mr. B. maintained that
it could not. He insisted that the minute and full
detail of the proceedings prescribed by the constitu-
tion on such an occasion, precluded the idea that, in
the contemplation of the framcrs of the constitution,
anything had been omitted, or was to be supplied,
which it was intended to authorize. There was no
sound rule of construction, he said, which would
justify it. On the contrary, every sound rule of con-
struction forbade the interpolation of a single stop
into a proceeding of the constitution, particularly
defined by that instrument itself, by a mere rule of
this House, passed under a general clause of it. Our
rule requires that the reconsideration shall only take
place on the day or the one succeeding that on
which the motion was acted upon; but we might, as
far as the power to do it is concerned, authorize a
motion of reconsideration at any time during the
Congress; and if we were, and the opinion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts is correct, then we
would not "pi*oceed" to reconsider a bill vetoed by j
the President, but we would leave the question of I
reconsideration open during a whole Congress,
which would be clearly in the teeth of the constitu-
tion; for the word "proceed," used in it, precludes
the idea of unnecessary delay.
Mr. B. contended that, if "the bill had been recon-
sidered, under the forms prescribed by the constitu-
tion, and it had failed to pass by the constitutional
majority, no farther proceedings could be taken.
And this brought him to the first position taken by
the gentleman "from Massachusetts, viz: "That there
had been no reconsideration of the bill by the
House." "Reconsideration," says the gentleman,
"implies deliberation; and m this instance there has
been no deliberation, but the question has been dis-
posed of 'in hot haste' by the House." Now, Mr.
B. admitted that, if there had not been a reconsid-
eration in fact, it was the solemn duty of the House,
under the constitution, to procced at once to do it.
But had the bill been reconsidered? That was a
question of fact, to be tried, like all other questions
of fact, by evidence, and determined by the highest
evidence; which is, where a record is kept, the rec-
ord itself—in this case, the journal. There it is re-
corded that the bill was reconsidered, and had failed
to pass by the constitutional majority. If this rec-
ord is incorrect, the obvious remedy, and one to
which the gentleman himself frequently resorts,
was to move to correct it But this the gentleman
does not do; and he, in failing to do it, impliedly
admits that the record is right m point of fact. The
point of the gentleman's objection, however, seems
to be, not that there has not been a vote taken, but
that there has been no discussion; or, at most, that
we did not sit long enough, perhaps, after the Qua-
ker fashion, in solemn and silent cogitation: in other
words, that we acted too precipitately. If this was
the error, it was committed when the previous ques-
tion was ordered; and the proper remedy was the
one which was applied—a motion to reconsider the
vote by which it. was ordered. That motion was
made, and was voted down. Here it was seen that
there had been several distinct votes by the House,
^vhile this subject \yas before them. And each of
these votes implied consideration, and he might add
deliberation; for he presumed that no member
would record his vote on so important an occasion
without consideration and deliberation. So, accord-
ing to the gentleman's own idea, the constitution
has been complied with.
It was no part of his vocation, continued Mr. B.
to defend the House against the charge of acting
with too much precipitancy. Perhaps no defence
was necessary. But if "the House required it for
not permitting debate—which, if he might judge
from "the exhibitions just made by the gentlemen
from Massachusetts and Kentucky, [Messrs. Adams
and White, was only desired to afford an opportu-
nity of assailing and denouncing the President—
if it required it, it would be found in the
condition of the business of the House; the
near approach of the termination of the ses-
sion; and in the fact that the questions in-
volved in -the message of the President had been
very much discussed for a long time, and were fa-
miliar to the country. Sir, this question of the right
of the general government to appropriate money for
internal improvements in the States is as old as the
constitution itself. In the convention which framed
it, the power,was asked for, and refused.* Never-
theless, shortly after the organization of the govern-
ment, the nationals attempted to confer upon it, by
construction, powers which were expressly with-
held. The only obstacle to their success here-
tofore has been the executive veto, the vigor of
which has been live times invoked, to save the
country from this corrupting and unconstitutional
system—first by Madison, as one of the last acts
of his administration; subsequently by Monroe;
twice by Jackson; and now by Tyler.
The vitality of this system, which has enabled it to
withstand five successive vetoes, will surprise no-
body who scrutinizes it. Although palpably un-
constitutional, corrupting in its tendencies, and cal-
culated to increase enormously executive patronage,
it is so seductive in its character, that it is almost
impossible for the representatives of the people, or
even the people themselves, to withstand it. This
very bill, and the circumstances under which it
passed, is a good exemplification of the system. It
was spread like a net over the country, to catch votes
enougn to secure its passage. It contains appropria-
ions to thirteen States and the Territory 01 Florida.
In many of them there are several items of ap-
propriation. In New York, the largest of them,
four distinct items. And by what means was it
moulded into its present shape and its passage pro-
cured? It is notorious1 that it owes its success to
what is familiarly known in our State, Mr. Speak-
er, as "logrollingby which each item of appropri-
ation is made to support the rest, and thereby all
made to stand, when no one of them could stand
by itself upon its own merits. The corrupting
character of the system is demonstrated by the fact,
that enough democrats have been seduced from their
•'Doctor Franklin moved to add, alter the words "post
roads,'" article first, section eighth, .t power "to provide for
cutting canals where demed necessary/'
Mr. Wilson seconded the motion.
Mr. Sherman objected. The expense in such cases will
fall on the United States, and the benefits accrue where the
canals may be cut.
Mr. Wilson. Instead of being an expense to the United
States, they may be made a source of revenue
Mr. Madison suggested an enlargement of the motion
into a power "to jjrant charters of incorporation where the
interest of the United States mi^ht require, and the legisla-
tive provisions of the individual States may be incompe-
tent.'" His piimary object was, however, to secure an easy
communication between the States, which the fret, inter-
course now to be opened seemed to call for. The
political obstacles being removed, a removal of the natural
ones ought to follow.
Mr. Randolph seconded the proposition.
Mr. King thought the power unnecessary.
Mr Wilson. It is necessary to prevent a State from ob-
structing the general w elfare.
Mr. King. The States wjII be prejudiced and divided into
parties by it. In Philadelphia and New York, it will be re-
lerred to the establishment of a bank, which has been a sub-
ject of contention m those citics. In other places it will be
referred to mercantile monopolies.
jVIr. Wilson mentioned the importance of facilitating, by
canals, the communication with the western settlements
A*, to banks lie did not think with Mr. King, that the pow er
in that point of view would excite the prejudices and par-
ties apprehended. As to macuntilc mnpopohes, they are
already included in the powei to iegulate trade.
Colonel Mason was for limiting the power to the single
case of canals He was afraid of monopolies of every sort,
Which he did not think by am mcan<? already implied by
the constitution, as supposed by Mr. Wilson
The motion having been so modified as to admit a distinct
question, specifying and limited to the ease of canals, it
was i ejected—v.yes 3. noes S.—Tn " Madison Papers, vqI, Zd.,
pazc 1,570,
principles by appropriations to their own and neigh-
boring districts, to secure, in conjunction with the
united whig vote, the passage of the bill. It is true,
the whig party of late, in their electioneering mani-
festoes, have professed to have abandoned the sys-
tem of internal improvements by the general govern-
ment. But the unanimity with which, they sus-
tained this bill, and the rage which they exhibit
towards the President for the interposition of his
veto, ar.e fit and pregnant commentaries upon the
sincerity of that profession. But, Mr. Speaker,
this is not the occasion to go into a full considera-
tion of the this subject.*
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Arams] was not content with denouncing the
President for vetoing the eastern harbor bill; but
he denounces him also for not vetoing the western
harbor bill. Now, as the gentleman and his friends
supported both bills, I do not see that they should
complain of the President for only vetoing one.
We who opposed both may cpmplain that the Pres-
ident did not veto both; but they, who supported
both, surely have no right to complain that the
President approved one. Perhaps the explanation of
the strange course of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, is, that as he had lost his eastern harbor bill,
he desired a companion in his misfortunes; and
hence his rage at the President for not defeating the
western harbor bill. But, no matter (said Mr. B.) .
what is the origin of the attack, I must decline a de-
fence of the President against it. I did not approve
the western harbor bill; and I cannot, therefore, de-
fend the President who has approved it. He re-
quires no defence, however, from his present assail-
ants. If they did not sink the statesman in the
partisan, they would not assail him. They con-
curred with him, and are bound to defend him if he
should be assailed from our side. And in that event,
J call upon the gentleman from Massachusetts, who
can do it with so much ability, to defend him. And
if he shall fail .to do it satisfactorily, upon the merits
of the bill itself, he may find some excuse for him,
in the fact that he has been called upon so often du-
ring his administration, to interpose his veto to pro-
tect the constitution from invasion, to shield the
cherished principles of his- life, and to redeem the
pledges made for him and themselves by the whig
party, which elevated him to power, that he did not
wish to impair its vigor by wielding it upon any
but the most pressing occasions.
I cannot dismiss this subject, Mr. Speaker, with-
out returning my thanks to the President for inter-
posing to arrest the attempt to revive this system of
appropriation to works of internal improvement by
this government. If it is to prevail, he must be blind
who does not see where it must end. It has been tried
in the States under much less unfavorable circum-
stances; and we all know to what it led. There,
there were much greater guards against improvi-
dence than here. In consequence of the greater
number of representatives comparatively, and their
better local information, there was less risk that im-
provident ai>d visionary schemes would be underta-
ken. There, in consequence of the direct system of
taxation, and the consequent more efficient responsi-
bility of the representative, there was less risk that
money would be recklessly appropriated. But above
all there, there was but one interest in favor ,of ex-.
-■The National Intelligencer of the 20th of June, 1844, says:
"The vetoed harkor bill.—The tollowmg are the items
of the eastern harbor lull, vetoed by the President, backcd
bv eighty locofocos m the House and onl; join whigs,"
(ill from the South.) "While ii.rhj-nine whigs and unly
thirty four locofocos" (all from the neighborhood of the ap-
propnations) "voted against the veto "
The toiio-.vmg are the items ot the rejected harbor bill:
Maine—Stamford Ledge ... - $20,000
Kennebfec irvei ----- 10.(100
Massachusetts—ship channel, Boston harbor - 40,000
Rhode island—Providence river - - - 5,000
Connecticut—Thames river leading to Nawiok liar-
bor 5,000
Sea wall and breakwater at Black Rock do. - 6,000
New York—inlet to Fort Jefferson Bay - - 5.000
Navigation of Hudson above and below Albany SO,000
Harbor of Port Chester - 4,000
"Whitehall - - - - - 5,000
New Jersey—Newark bay .... 15,000
Delaware—piers at Fort Penn. - - - 15.000
Harbor at Newcastle .... 10,000
ISelawaie breakwater - 100,000
IV[3r)land—Havre de Cirace .... 20,000
Virginia—Richmond harbor - 20,000
South Carolina—Hog island channel - - 25,000
Georgia—Savannah river .... 50,000
Alabama—.Mobile hajboi .... 5,001)
Florida—Apaiarhieola harbor - • - 10,000
North Carolina—Capo Fear river • - - 20,000
