CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6&a
portion which relates to the ordinary and contingent
expenses of the two Houses of Congress, by pro-
viding that a preference should be given in the pur-
chase of stationery, &c., to articles of American
manufacture.
Mr. E. J. BLACK opposed the amendment. He
was for free trade in affairs relating to the govern-
ment, as well as in private affairs. He was for buy-
ing in the cheapest market and selling in the highest
and best.
Mr. BARNARD offered a modification of the
amendment, which Mr. Pollock accepted.
Some remarks were made by Messrs. HAMLIN
and MORRIS.
Mr. E. J. BLACK moved further to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked if it would be in or-
der to move to strike out and insert.
The CHAIR said it would not be in order now.
Mr. WENTWORTH gave notice that he should
make such a motion as soon as it would be in order,
and he sent up the following resolution to be read
for information:
Resolved, That, for the purpose of economizing the public
time, and stopping of political discussions, as fer as practi-
cable, all members of this House, who have made speeches at
this session, against Mr. Van Buren, have permission to
erase the name of Mr. Van Buren therefrom, and substitute
instead the name of James K. Polk; and that the officers of
this House be requested to buy those anti-Van Buren
speeches of the Clay club for wrapping paper, when they
can be bought as cheap as other wrapping paper.
Mr. PAYNE rose and said it was not his purpose
to open up a discussion of the tariff question; but
inasmuch as the opinions of the democratic candi-
date for the presidency had been referred to, he
could not permit the occasion to pass without en-
dorsing toto cteloj the doctrines of Colonel Polk on
the subject of a protective tariff. The time had now-
arrived when a man could be presented for the
suffrages of the American people, whose views were
sound on this question. He wished the views of
Colonel Polk, in relation to the tariff policy, to be
clearly understood by the whole country. An ef-
fort had been made to induce the people to believe
that Colonel Polk was in favor of entire free trade.
This erroneous representation was akin to all the
proceedings of their opponents. Colonel Polk, (said
Mr. P. ,) is in favor of raising from duties on imports
revenue for the support of government. He was
of opinion that the constitution gave Congress that
power; but while he thus believed, and while he
was willing that this power should be exercised, he
utterly repudiated ana condemned the doctrine of the
whig party, that this power may be used, not for the
purpose of raising revenue, but of creating bounties
and of giving protection to one section of the Union
at the expense of the other.
In reply to a question from Mr. E. J. MORRIS,
Mr. PAYNE said he took pleasure in stating that
Colonel Polk was opposed to the tariff of 1842.
Mr. P. then proceeded to comment on the in-
equalities between the duties upon articles of gener-
al and necessary consumption by the poorer classes
and those used by the wealthy. He, however,
asked the gentleman from Pennsylvania to state
what were Mr. Clay's opinions; did he not advocate
the taxing of the laboring classes of the country
higher than those who revelled in luxury?
Mr. MORRIS said he would answer the question
of the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. Clay was in
favor of protecting the industry of the laboring
classes of the country.
Mr. PAYNE said the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania had not met the question. He replied that
Mr. Clay was in favor of protecting the labor of
the country; but how was it proposed to do it: Was
it by imposing a tremendous tax on everything that
the laboring man consumed? Was that his system
of protection' If it were, it was the protection
which the vulture extended to the lamb, whilst
thirsting for its blood; and yet Mr. Clay was an ad-
vocate of such ,i system—he was the friend of the
bill of abominations of 1842, and on that question
he (Mr. P.) was willing to leave liim to the Ameri-
can people.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired if Governor Polk was
not opposed to the bill of 1842, and in favor of a
reduction of duties to an average of 20 per cent.
Mr. PAYNE replied, that if the gentleman from
Ohio had paid attention to his remarks he would
have seen that the interrogatory which he had just
proposed was a work of supererogation: he had dis-
tinctly stated that Governor Polk expressly admit-
ted and contended that the power to lay imposts and
duties was a revenue power, and that that power
for those purposes was an unlimited power. But
that power was given for legitimate purposes, and it
ought not to be prostituted to purposes that were
illegitimate.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania had spoken in
a tone of triumph and exultation of the certain suc-
cess of Mr. Clay in the presidential contest, and he
(Mr. Payne) might be indulged in a few remarks
on that subject. On what, he would ask, did the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania base his expectation of
success? Was it based on the fact that lie had been
thrice, presented to the American people, and as
often repudiated and rejected? Was that ev-
idence " of prospective success? Why, he was
defeated even with the aid of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and with
all the influence that that gentleman was
able to bring to his aid. Yes, his name had been
thrice presented to the American people, and they
scorned and spurned him; where, then, did they now
look for success? He would tell gentlemen here
that their predictions were made too hastily, and too
confidently, and too noisily; they were, however,
notoriously the most noisy party in Christendom—
noisy and confident, although, from the establish-
ment of the government, they had very rarely in-
deed been successful. This locofoco party of which
the gentleman had spoken, would again defeat the
whig party at the next election, as they had so often
done before; and though this was a federal Union,
federal principles would not be permitted to have
dominance in this Union.
He then entered into a review of the principles of
the federal party. There was' the distribution of
the proceeds of the public lands amongst the several
States; and what was its object? What was its
practical result? Its object was to pay the debts of
the States with the produce of the public lands;
debts due to foreign countries. And for what were
those debts contracted? To render valuable the
property within the limits of the States by which
they were contracted. The system of taxatior. with-
in those States was either direct poll tax, or taxation
on property; but by this system of distribution it
was designed that the proceeds of the public lands
should pay those State debts, and a necessary con-
sequence would be new taxation levied on the
people to supply the deficiency in the national
treasury which this distribution would occasion.
And thus there would be imposed new and heavier
taxes on consumption—new taxes on the poor con-
sumer for the benefit of the property holders in the
States, for the improvement of whose property the
debts were contracted.
Such was the practical operation of the distribu-
tion scheme. Such, also, was the operation of the
tariff act. They were productive of taxation on la-
bor, taxation on consumption; and yet such was the
system that the whig party would pursue, and such
were the grounds on which Mr. Clay was offered to
the American people. Happily, however, for the
country, Mr. Clay had no more chance of success
now than he had in previous contests of a like char-
acter.
He next alluded to Mr. Clay's opinions in oppo-
sition to the annexation of Texas, and to an increase
of territory from any quarter, whether Texas or
Oregon, and called upon the friends of Mr. Clay to
produce evidence that he was in favor of annexation.
There was a double game being played to mislead
different sections of the Union; and he (Mr. P.)
wished it to be known in the East and West, the
North and South. He had confidence in the intelli-
gence of the people; and he was satisfied that when
the truth was proclaimed to tliem, they would reject
Mr. Clay, as they had done before.
Mr. HARDIN said, when he came into the
House this morning, he had no expectation that the
subject of general politics would come up; but as
that subject had been introduced, he would make
some observations upotii it. He then proceeded to
remark that when the'Ameiican people know Mr.
Polk, he would be as Mr. Van Buren now was, "a
used up man,*' though in point of talent, as com-
pared with Mr. Van Buren, he was but as a pigmy
to a giant. He made some remaiks on what he un-
derstood to be Mr. Polk's opinions on the tariff, and
availed himself of the more dear, sonorous voice of
Mr. Schenck, to lead to the committee some ex-
trsetsfrom speeches made by Mr. Polk when in
Congress. He next proceeded to argue that it was
not the Texas question which had caused the with-
drawal of Mr/Van Buren,for it was well understood
at the time of the Connecticut election, that if it
resulted unfavorably to the democratic cause, Mr.
Van Buren was to be withdrawn. He also quoted
from a series of articles recently published in the
Globe, in which the relative merits of Col. King arid
Governor Polk for" the vice presidency were fully
discussed to the advantage of the former; and went
into a party political speech, in which he glanced at
many other old and new party issues. He spoke
of the resolutions of the Baltimore convention, par-
ticularly dwelling on, the Texas treaty.
Mr. PAYNE asked the gentleman where Mr.
Clay was on the Texas question. He had frequent-
ly approximated to it, but had always avoided it.
From his published letter it would seem to some
that there might be circumstances under which Mr.
Clay would go for annexation—that was to beguile
the South; but he should like to hear it distinctly
stated what those circumstance were under which
Mr. Clay would be in favor of annexation.
Mr. HARDIN said he had asked for a definition '
of the sentiments of democracy, and the gontleman
from Alabama had replied that Mr. Clay had not
answered distinctly. He then entered into a dis-
cussion of what he understood to be Mr. Polk's
opinions on the annexation of Texas and the occu-
pation of Oregon.
Mr. HALE, before commencing his remarks, in-
quired whether it was in order to say anything
about the bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. PAYNE (Mr. Hale yielding him the floor
for a moment) said he wished to call the attention of
the House to the fact that the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Hardin] would not notice at all the
equivocal character of Mr. Clay's letter; that the
gentleman would not state whether Mr. Clay would,
under any circumstances, be in favor of the annexa-
tion of Texas or of Oregon. And while he was on
the floor, he would take this occasion of protesting
against any inference from his silence as to whether
he was the author of any newspaper article. No
man had a right to charge him with being the author
because he refused to be catechized on the subject.
Mr. HARDIN said he did not think it necessary
to answer for Mr. Clay, because he had answered
for himself. His opinions were well known. But
the gentleman from Alabama liad not answered his
question whether Co}: Polk was in favor of the Tex-
as treaty.
Mr. PAYNE said that Col. Polk was in favor of
the annexation of Texas to this Union. As for the
present treaty, he supposed it had not met his eye
when his letter was written. There was no double-
dealing upon this or on any other question. As to
their principles, they had been written for years
upon the vault of Heaven itself.
Mr. HALE claimed his right to the floor. He
pioposed, ill the few remarks which he had to offer,
to depart from the course which the debate had ta-
ken. He proposed to say something respecting
the subject before the House. He would send to
the Clerk's table certain amendments, which he in-
tended to offer when those portions of the bill
should be reached, at which they would be in or-
der.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL objected to tins course,
as it would lead, he said, to infinite confusion.
Mr. HALE explained the purport of the amend-
ments which he intended to offer. One was a re-
duction of the salaries of the Treasurer of the
United States, and the Register of the Treasury, to
the extent of §788 73, being equal to a sum received
by each of those officers last year heyond what
they were entitled to receive. Another amendment
had reference to the system of discipline in the na-
vy; and, upon this branch, Mr. H. descanted at some
length. He was repeatedly called to order by Mr.
C. J. iNGEBbOLL, who objected to the reading of
various documents, which Mr. H. produced on the
subject of flogging in the navy.
Mr. DOUGLASS next obtained the floor, and re-
plied to the remarks ofhis colleague, [Mr. Hardin,]
who, he jocularly observed, notwithstanding his re-
cent'exhibition of irritation, was naturally a very
amiable man. His colleague was laboring under a
very serious provocation, growing out of his dis-
appointment. He had lost his first born—political
speech. And though the resolution offered by
another colleague of his [Mr. Wextworth] wis
intended to relieve him from his disappointment, by
authorizing him to strike out the name of Mr. Van
Buren and°msert that of James K. Polk, it did not
seem to have cured the wound that was inflicted
upon liis feelings.
Mr. D. proceeded to controvert the arguments of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hardin.]
So much in relation to General Harrison's opiniens
