Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO .THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Abolition Petitions—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
easy, but holding of slaves was difficult. The legis-
lature, therefore, interposed, and passed a law de-
claring that "baptism" should not release the slave
from service. It was soon found that these servants
or slaves possessed a disposition to go from place
to place, at the dictation of their own desires. This
propensity rendered them useless to their masters.
The legislature, therefore, passed a law, authorizing
any constable or other person to arrest any slave
found away from his master's plantation without a
passport, and to return him to his master. This,
of itself, did not appear to answer the purpose,
and the constable or other person making the arrest,
was authorized to flog the servant, and to pass him
over to the nearest constable, who should also flog
him, and pass him over the next, until he reached
his master, who was bound to pay a certain quantity
of tobacco for the arrest, and for whipping the slave.
But it was found that the slave would often run from
those who attempted to arrest him, and would resist,
with his physical powers, those who laid hands up-
on him. It therefore became necessary further to
curtail the rights of the slave, and a statute law was
then passed, and is now in force within this District,
authorizing the constable, or other person who
should attempt to arrest such slave, to shoot or kill
him, if he ran from such officer or other person, or if
he resisted them after his arrest. A subsequent
statute forbade the slave to raise his hand in opposi-
tion to any white man, even in defence of his life.
The natural rights of the slave were thus taken from
him, one after another, until he was by statute law
reduced to his present degraded condition. These
laws, however, gave to the master, and those who
were not slaves, powers over their servants which
were new and unheard of. As I shave shown, they
authorized the master and others to whip, and
scourge, and torture the slave, and under certain
circumstances to shoot and murder him. These
powers of the master were based entirely upon
statutelaw, and the disabilities of the slave were estab-
lished by the same authority.
Now, I think few men will deny that the legisla-
ture of Virginia or of Maryland had full and ample
power to change, modify or repeal any or all these
statutes at the pleasure of their legislature. This
point admits of no doubt or argument. It is equally
plain that the repeal of any one or more of these acts
of the legislature would, to a certain extent, be a
modification of slavery, and that the repeal of all
of these laws would be" a total abolition of that insti-
tution.
Notwithstanding the apparent correctness of these
propositions, some gentlemen deny that the Jegisla-
ture of Virginia possessed the power.to abolish
slavery in her territory. They will not deny her
power to repeal her own laws. This proposition is
si plain that they will shrink from a denial of it.
They leave that pointuntouched, and proceed to say
that her legislature cannot abolish slavery within her
territory. " Now, sir, all that abolitionists ask, and
all that the slaves of that State will ask, is the repeal
of those laws. Let them be repealed, and we will
no longer contend about abstractions, but we will let
slavery take care of itself.
But gentlemen urge, that the " master has a vested
right of property m the slave." I wish some one of
those eloquent members who have so often repeated
this declaration, had condescended to inform us from
whence the master derives his title to his slave?
I ask from whence is this " vested right" derived ?
Biblical history informs us, that " God gave to man
dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowls
of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth,
and over every creeping thing that creepeth up-
on the earth." These are property, and we
derive our title from Him who created them. But
X have yet to learn that any man holds title to his
fellow man from that high source. Where then does
he obtain his title? Why, sir, he hold it entirely from
statute law—from the laws that authorize the mas-
ter to whip and shoot his slave, and which take
from the slave his natural rights of self defence and
of locomotion. Repeal those laws, and these vested
rights would become divested. Let the legislature
take from the hands of the slave the cords with
which they have bound him, and he will stand forth
a freeman. He will then possess as much right of
propei (y in his master as his muster will in him; or
rather, neither will possess any right to, or power
over, the other.
Let us throw as much obscurity as we can around
this subject, it will remain perfectly clear to every
intelligent mind, that this right of property and the
whole power of the master over his slave is derived
from statute law-, which may be repealed at the pleas-
ure of the legislature. The slaves are as much one
class of human society as the masters are. The
municipal laws have degraded them, and elevated
the masters to power. The same laws have given
power to the master, and have forbidden the slave
to exercise his natural rights. But these laws are
at all times subject to the legislative power, and
may be changed, modified, or repealed at pleasure.
This was the situation of slavery within the Dis-
trict of Columbia, while it belonged to the States of
Virginia and Maryland.
In the year 1788-'9, those States, by their sep-
rate deeds of cession, surrendered their powers
over the territory now composing this District, to
the United States. The. general government was
fully authorized to take possession of it undfer a
particular provision of the constitution; and in pur-
suance of that power accepted the grant, and by act
of Congress, approved February 27th, 1801, pro-
vided for its government. When Congress once
spread its jurisdiction over this District, and passed
laws for its government, the laws of Maryland and
of Virginia ceased of course to have further force
or effect here. This proposition is too plain to re-
quire illustration. Prom that instant the power and
laws of Virgina and Maryland ceased, and those of
Congress took effect, and from that day to this,
have had exclusive force and effect over the District
and persons therein. But what may have misled a
casual observer is, that the laws then in force within
the States were re-enacted, and thereby made the
laws of Congress; so that the people within the
District, on each side of the river, continued to be
governed by the same municipal laws that had pre-
viously been ill force there. Those laws to which
I have referred as forming the basis of the master's
power over his slave, and which render the slave
liable to be shot, and which took from him the right
of self-defence, were adoped by, and became the
laws of Congress. The same remark applies to all
other municipal laws then in force here—whether
they had relation to the punishment of crimes, to
the collection of debts, or to any of the relations
which men hold to society. I desire to be under-
stood a« stating the case most strongly in favor of
our opponents. For my own part, I deny the pow-
er of Congress to adopt, continue, or to uphold
slavery here or anywhere else. The objects of the
constitution were "to secure liberty," and not to
promote or sustain slavery. If we had the constitu-
tional.power to sustain slavery, we had the poper
to create it. If we had the power to create it, we
possessed power to say what class of people should
be slaves, and what class should be masters. Yet I
think no man will urge that we possessed the pow-
er to enslave the white people who resided here.
But I have no time to argue that point. The most
favorable view for our opponents is to say, that the
District their presented a political blank, on which
we possessed the power to affix the dark character
of slavery, or the more congenial one of liberty and
freedom.
In pursuance of this power, Congress passed the
act approved 27th February, 1801, which re-enacts
the laws of Maryland and Virginia then in force m
those States, and constitutes them acts of Congress.
The laws of Virginia were to have force and effect
within that part of the District ceded by Virginia,
and those of Maryland to have force and effect
within that portion of the District which was ceded
by that State. By this law, all those acts to which.
I have alluded became "acts of Congress;" and we
now possess the same power to aiter or repeal any
or ail of them, that the State of Maryland or Virgi-
nia possessed prior to the cession. We may modi-
fy slavery by repealing the act authorizing persons
to arrest slaves; or that which authorizes any person
to shoot a slave who will not surrender when order-
ed, or that which forbids him the right of defending
himself; or we may repeal all of them, and thereby
abolish slavery altogether. If any gentleman will
deny this doctrine, t would feel under deep obliga-
tions to him if he would point us to the particular
law which we have not power to repeal or amend ■'t
our pleasure. But no man, I think, will be found
willing to attempt that task. Our Judiciary Commit-
tee have lately reported a bill for the repeal of some of
those laws, and from the reports, both of the majority
and minority, some, of whom are slaveholders, it
would appear that the power of Congress to repeal
any of those laws was not doubted by a single mem-
ber. This view was also taken by Attorney Gene-
ral Butler, in his official opinions; and, so far as I
am informed, by every man who has investigated
the subject.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, I think that no man who will
examine this question dispassionately, can for a mo-
ment doubt the power of Congress "to modify or re-
peal all those laws, precisely as they have power to
repeal their own laws upon any other subject;' and
the whole question becomes one of expediency, and
not of Constitutional power. • But the repeal of those
laws is objected to,- on the ground that the abolition
of slavery here will be likely to affect that institu-
tion in the adjoining States. That objection I re-
gard as a strong argument in favor of its immediate
extirpation from the District. I deny that we are
under the least conceivable obligation to continue
slavery here, in order that it may be prolonged in
the.States. The constitution has imposed no sueh
duty upon Congress, or upon the people of the free
States. We say to southern gentlemen, take care of
your own slaves. The institution belongs not to
us. We have no concern in that matter. That in-
terest belongs to you exclusively. It was never
brought into the political copartnership. We will
have nothing to do with it, except to use our consti-
tutional efforts to eradicate it from the face of the
earth. We hold it in deep abhorrence, and we de-
ny the right of Congress to involve the people of the
free States in its expense, its turpitude., or its odium.
Our motto is, "hands off!" Leave us to enjoy our
liberty. We will not be contaminated with slavery
to any extent. We will wash our hands of it. We
will separate ourselves from it, and make plain the
line of demarcation between our people and that in-
stitution. We will purify ourselves from its cor-
ruptions and its crimes, and leave it where the con-
stitution left it, confined strictly to the States in which
it exists.
Mr. Rayner, of North Carolina, said he desired
to interrupt the gentleman from Ohio, in order to
propound a question to him.
Mr. Giddings. Certainly.
Mr. Rayner. I wish to inquire whethei the gen-
tleman believes the decalogue to be of Divine origin?
Mr. Giddings. I do, but I would not if it sanc-
tioned slavery.
Mr. Rayner. The tenth commandment says,
"•Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's man servant
nor his maid servant." What does the gentleman
understand by that?
Mr. Giddings. 1 .have servants at home, hired
servants, not slaves. I hope the gentleman does not
covet them, and God forbid that I should covet his
slaves.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have shown that slavery ex-
ists in this District by virtue of the act of Congress
to which I have referred. That law was passed by
the aid of northern as well as southern votes. For
its existence, and for its continuance, the people of
the free States, and their representatives, are re-
sponsible, as well as those of the slave States. It is
our law that upholds and sustains slavery here. It
is our law that authorizes the master, within this
city, to scourge and torture his fellow man, until he
shall become the pliant instrument of his own will.
It is our law that forbids the slave to raise his hand
in self-defence. It is bur law that authorizes any
constable or other person to shoot him, if he at-
tempts to flee from the cruelty and oppression which
now surround him. These are our laws; and we,
sir, the representatives of the free States, boasting
of our love of liberty, of our hatred of oppression,
of our exalted devotion to the rights of man, year
after year sit in his hall, and refuse to repeal these
barbarous laws of our own enacting, or even to suf-
fer our constituents respectfully to request us to re-
lieve them from the load of moral guilt which Con-
gress has brought upon them. And the question
now is. shall we continue contemptuously to spurn
their petitions from us?
I air. aware that gentlemen are constantly mena-
cing us with a dissolution of the Union, if we agitate
this subject. I answer, we will not cease to assert
our constitutional rights to be exempt from slavery,
on account of these threats. Release us from this
unconstitutional support of that institution, and of
course we shall then have no cause to agitate or
discuss slavery in this hall. But while you take
from us our money to support slavery; while you
dishonor us by making us the supporters of the
coastwise slave trade; while we are involved in the
crime of slavery in this District^ we shall not b§
