May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
657
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Rhelt.
H, of Reps.
any protection. A hundred dollars duty laid on
every barrel of wheat, or bag of cotton, imported,
will be precisely equivalent to no duty at all; because
they already sell cheaper than the foreigner, both in
our markets and in those of other nations; and are,
therefore, beyond his competition. With or with-
out the duty, there can be no importations of wheat
or cotton, "excepting in extraordinary -seasons of
scarcity, when there ought not to be any duty. And
this partial operation of the protective system is ab-
solutely necessary to its operation at all. If all pur-
suits of industry ill a country were protected, and
protected alike, as the advocates of the system say
they purpose, it would be no protection at all. if
the manufacturer, when he got a dollar more from
the wheat-grower for his cloth, had to pay him a
dollar more for his wheat, what would he gain?
How would he be protected? Should every man in
a community, by duties imposed on foreign impor-
tations, be enabled to sell the products of his labor
twenty or a hundred per cent, higher, who would
profit by it? It would be precisely like an expan-
sion of the currency—all would get, nominally,
higher prices, but none would be richer for them.
For there to be any protection at all to any interest,
by legislation, it is necessary that it be partial. To
take from all, and to give back to all equally, is as
useless as it is absurd. You must take from some
and give to others, to benefit any. Its advocates
know that the protective policy cannot, in the nature
ot tilings, be general in its operation; and they would
renounce it if it could be so, To sell dear and to
buy cheap—the great doctrine of free trade—in spite
of their denunciations of it, is their principle. They
would buy at the lowest prices which natural and
foreign competition will produce. They would sell
at the highest prices (hat coercive legislation, by ex-
cluding foreign competition, will enable them to sell:
thus using the government to appropriate to them-
selves the property of its other citizens. This they
must do, to be protected, as it is politely called.
Mr. Chairman, if we will look over the world,
we will see how the Almighty himself has placed
Ills ban on this system of policy. There is not a
nation under the sun which produces every thing
within itself cheaper than all other nations. Even
China, extending from twenty to fifty-five degrees
of latitude, after centuries of exclusion, is now afford-
ing a vast market for vaiious productions of foreign
nations. See how every nation, either from climate
or soil, or the peculiar aptitude of its inhabitants,
produces something which other nations cannot pro-
duce so well; and, therefore, gives them a claim on
the sympathy and support of other nations, by the
strong bond of mutual interest. If any nation would
be "better adapted than all others, except China, to
an "entire separation and exclusion from other na-
tions, it would be the United States. Yet mark
how, from the necessity of our position, and the
order of Providence, we have gone from out our-
selves. Our canvass whitens every sea—our peo-
ple are known in every nation. Our productions
support millions in foreign nations in manufacturing
them, and clothe and feed millions more. How can
your protective policy, then, which can be of no
avail to foster that interest which is peculiar to every
nation,.and in which it excels other nations, and,
therefore, looks to foreign sections for a market, be
consistent with the interest of any? Crippling or
destroying the natural advantages possessed by each
nation, must be as unjust as it is silly; and is a vain
effort, by the selfish and designing few, to fight
against that mutual dependency amongst the nations
of the earth, which all just governments at home, as
well as the peace and interests of all nations abroad,
render neeessary.
But let us analyze this system in its operation on
the parties to be affected by it—the manufacturer
and the tax-payer—according to the statement of
the case made out by the manufacturers themselves.
The manufacturer comes to the government and
says: Capital in Europe is three and four per cent.,
and labor is 5s. to 9s. a week. It is true, the farm-
ers and planters of the country, in spite of this, can
make cotton and wheat so cheap as to undersell all
foreign producers. But this will not do for me, the
manufacturer. We must have six to eight per cent,
on our capital, and pay our laborers five to nine
shillings a day. As the report of the Committee on
Manufactures says, our laborers must have, "not
what will barely feed the laborer, but a sum which
will give him a comfortable support, and leave him fair
profits." We demand of the government, that it
shall lay such duties on the importation of the for-
eign commodity, that prices shall be raised as
(A2\
to enable us, selling similar commodities, to make
eight per cent, on our capital, and give our laborers
five to nin« shillings a day.
Now, sir, I do not stop to inquire whether the la-
borer could not make, in the United States, his five
to nine shillings a day, and the capitalist his eight
per cent., in other employments than in manfactu-
ring. Nor will I inquire whether the agriculturist
makes more by his labor than the European capital-
ist and laborer. In the South, at least, he does not.
The application to the government is simply this—
to give the manufacturer money. Government has
none to give; but it passe3 a law which enables the
manufacturer to take it from the consumers of the
country, by the additional price,he puts and receives
on his manufactured articles. Itexcludes altogether,
or raises the price (by the taxes it imposes)^ on the
cheaper foreign commodity; and this puts it in the
power of the manufacturer to sell his commodities
of a similar character at the prices he desires. If
prices are not raised, the domestic manufacturer ob-
tains no advantage by the duty. He will still have
the three-per-cent. cajjdtal, and the five-shillings-a-
week labor, to contend against, in the foreign pro-
duction. To manufacture at all, according to his
own demand, he must have the prices raised suffi-
ciently high to put his dear labor and capital on a
footing with the cheaper labor and capital of the for-
eigner. Whatever may be the increase of price
thus occasioned for his benefit, is exactly so much
taken from the consumer, and received by him, on
all the manufactures he sells. On the foreign goods
imported into the country, the increased price, con-
sisting of the duty collected, goes into the treasury
of the United States; but on all manufactures of the
same kind made and sold in the United States, the
increased price, in consequence of the duty, goes
into the pocket of the manufacturer. Thus theie
are two sets of taxes collected—the one by the gov-
ernment, on the imported article; the other by the
manufacturer, on the domestic manufactured article.
The amount of taxes collected by the government
must be determined by the amount of goods im-
ported; the amount of taxes collected by the manu-
facturer must be determined by the amount of the
goods he manufactures and sells. What is this pro-
portion? Why, sir, on all the leading articles of
consumption—iron, cutlery, woollens, cottons, su-
gars, &e., there is three, four, and six times the
amount manufactured in the United States that is
imported from other nations. How, then, stands
the tax' For every dollar the government takes
from the citizen, the manufacturers take at least four.
If the government takes $20,000,000 by duties on
imports, the manufacturers collect $80,000,000 more
by the enhanced prices. This must be so, or the
object of laying duties for protection will not be ob-
tained; the cheaper labor and capital of Europe
will not be counteracted, and the manufacturers
must stop. Yet they have grown and sold, and sell
and grow; and they loudly declare that all their
prosperity has been produced, and now depends, on
the duties imposed by the government for men*
benefit. ,
Now, sir, I would fain ask even the most un-
scrupulous of those who have no "constitutional
scruples1'—will they be so good as to point out the
clause in the constitution, which either expressly,
or by the remotest implication, authorizes this gov-
ernment to make laws, by which one portion of the
people of this Union may tax and collect taxes
from another? To call that a revenue law for the
support of the government, which takes one dollar
from the citizen, whilst it enables a portion of these
people to take four from the rest, for their own use
and benefit, is absurd. Still more absurd is it to
call it a revenue law, when prohibition exists, and
no revenue at all is collected, but a heavy tax
continues to be collected by the manufacturer. The
truth is, a law to protect the manufacturer by duties
on imports, is simply a law to enable them to tax, and
collect taxes from the people of the Union. This is
its purpose and end. is it constitutional? Can such
a principle be acquiesced in—not in the collection of
eighty millions a year, but in the collection of one
cent from one citizen in a free government? Has
one man in this Union the right of exacting taxes
from another for his support or emolument? or can
Congress pass a law to enable him to perpetrate
such an injustice? To state the proposition, is to
determine it.
Our friends of the federal or whig party have
accused the democratic party of favoring agrarian-
ism, Fanny Wrightism, and other heresies against
i the rights of property and the peacc of society. But
what is their protective policy, according to their
own showing,, but, one of the worst of all these here-
sies? What is it but the worst 'sort of agrarianisiji?
agrarianism, not among which the
poor and worthy might participate, ^but agrariaiiisni
between communities and sections of a great coun^
try, which throws the means of equalization. ii$0
the hands of selfish and remorseless" capitalists'
The government is required to take,. or tp enable
the manufacturer's to take, a portion, of the property
of the people-of the United States, annually—.to
equalize their pecuniary condition with that of other
sections of the Union. The manufacturing people
of New England must make eight -per cent, on their
capital, and their laborers must have comfortable
support, and leave .fair profits." To sectire 'this*
the arm of government is stretched forth^ a#d mil-
lions are wrested from the people of the TJmdn at
large, and given to them. I do not stop to inquire'*
whether the condition of the manufacturing .people
of New England is as unequal as this.policy sun-
poses; but what is it, supposing'their condition the
hardest, but an effort on the part of the government
to equalize the fortunes and conditions of the •people
under its rule? It is saying, on the part of govern-
ment—you capitalists do not make enough on
your capital, and you laborers do not receive
wages sufficiently high, by which you can
i "comfortable support and leave fair profits.' 1
Lvill take—or rather (here, by this law) take your-
selves—from the people of the United States, as
much of their money and property as shall secure to
you eight per cent, on your capital, and nine shil-
lings a day for your laborers' wages. Is not this
the plain language of this policy on the part of gov-
ernment? And is it not nakedly the agrananism ot
the wildest advocates of a division and equtfUty ot
property by government amongst its citizens r it
this policy is right for the manufacturers, why is it
not right for other classes and interests? And if it
is good for all classes or interests, why is it not good
for the individual? Yield the principle, that this
government can legislate to regulate the pecuniary
condition of citizens engaged in any employment,
and I defy you to stop short of its application to the
individual. I go- further, sir. I contend that its
application" to the individual is far more congenial
with the spirit of our institutions, and far more ben-
eficial, than when applied to classes and. interests*
When bestowed on manufacturers, you distribute to
those who may not want. You may take frbnt the
poor many, and give to the righ few. And when
you give to the laborer through the wealthy few, the
capitalists, as you do by your protective policy, how
does the government know how much the laborer'
will receive? The capitalist sells the manufactured
goods; and he receives the exactions in the shape of
his increased prices from the people of the United
States, both for the laborer and himself. How much
will be given the laborer ? Will he give him his
portion to live " comfortable and leave fair profits,41
if, from Europe or any where else, he can obtain la-
borers at lower rates? No, sir. _The laborer, no
matter how much the capitalist receives for his man-
ufactured goods, will only receive the lowest wages
the competition of labor will demand. The rest will
be the capitals', whether it gives them twenty or
thirty per cent, on their capital, as they have been
lately making in New England. No, sir; if we are
to have agrarianism—if government is to take the
property of some, to give up to others, to equalize
the condition of the people living under it—give us
individual agrarianism. Let us have a little democ-
racy in it at least. Let the confiscation be general,
ana apply to all, for good or evil, all over the Union.
Take the really poor all over the Union, and make
them the subjects of an eleemosynary legislation.
As the poor are every where, all sections will at
least have the charities of the government expended
amongst them, instead of all being heaped up m a
particular section. All property in the country will
then belong to the majority, to be expended and dis-
tributed amongst the majority, who are always the
poor. Sir, such positions may look almost like jest-
mo- ; but I tell the gentlemen from the North, who
are' endeavoring to stamp this principle into the
legislation of the general government, it will not
stop here. Their own doctrines and legislation will
soon, far sooner than they seem to anticipate, be
wielded in their own States against them. The
principle of a protective tariff gives every poor man
in New England a right to Rave a " comfortable
support and leave fair profits" from his wages, out
of the property of New England. Let them look to
themselves at hopie. Here we not mt$vl to ctifh'i?
