CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the gentleman's State, elected by the people, silence,
if the gentleman could not have praise, would the
better have become a Tennessean. Mr. S. said h^
had but a word to say of James K. Polk. He had
met that gentleman in Congress in 1825. His pri-
vate character was free from blemish. He ,was
possessed of fine talents, untiring industry and per-
severance; and whatever gentlemen might say to
disparage him, Mr. S. said the man who had occu-
pied the stations James K. Polk had done in that
House, was no ordinary man. First a member of
the committee on Foreign Relations; chairman of
the Ways and Means; Speaker of the House; with
an opposition to contend against as talented and as
bitter as had ever appeared within this hall; and yet1
James K. Polk sustained himself with honor and
credit in the estimation of his friends. Mr. S.
said he was forced to refer to an article which
appeared in this morning^ G-lobe, over the signa-
ture of J. C. Rives, one of the editors. This,
Mr. S. said he did with reluctance. He understood
himself, as the person alluded to, "who was lying on
the settee behind the Speaker's chair, while the vote
was taking on the (tariff) bill." Mr. S. would only
say, if Mr. Rives thought he saw him (Mr. S.) on
the settee behind the Speaker's chair, he was mis-
taken. Mr. S. voted for one or two amendments,
others he voted against, and on some he did not vote
at all. He refrained from doing so, not because he
was indifferent to the fate of the bill, but because
these amendments were moved by political friends,
who desired to carry them in committee'of the
whole, so that they might have the yeas and nays
on them in the.House, which they could not have, iffe
the previous question should be moved, unless the^^
had been adopted in committee. Mr. S. only re
gretted, that after carrying these amendments, gentle-
men who had voted for themt here, voted in the
House to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. S. said the same article referred to him as a
southern friend of Mr. Calhoun. He desired now
to say, whatever he may have been, we have 110
longer in our ranks Calhoun men and Van Buren
men; these distinctions were now gone; these lines
were now blotted out. We should now rally as
democrats, and march under its banner as one man,
fighting a common enemy. And he (Mr. S.) was
prepared to say, whether Calhoun men, or Van
Buren men, damn him who faltered in the contest.
Before he sat down, he would notice a remark with
which he had been taunted on his return from Bal-
timore; and that was, whether he had ventured to
pledge North Carolina.
Mr. S. said he had not represented North Caro-
lina in the convention, but he had represented the
county where James K. Polk was bom (Mecklen-
burg.) He had ventured, and he now renewed
the pledge, that that county whose inhabitants had
stood by their country in 1775, who had voted for
Jefferson in the great civil revolution of 1800, for
James Madison in 1812, for Andrew Jackson m
1828, and for Martin Van Buren in 1840, would
sustain her son, James K. Polk, and George M.
Dallas, with a triumphant majority in 1844. This
pledge he made, and had no fear that it would be
faithfully redeemed.
Mr. BIDLACK agreed with the gentleman from Virginia
[VIr thc-t the custom of discussing irrelevant
topics when particular mcasuies were before the Commit-
tee of the Whole, one which would be "more honored
in the bxeach than in the observance;" but a* these topics
had been introduced by a colleague of hss [Mr E. J Mor-
ris,] it was perhaps right that he should make some few ob-
servations thereon. He then indulged m a commentary on
the remarks of preceding speakers.
Gentlemen on the other side were very much astonished
that democrats should be induced to vote for a man who, ac-
cording to their own showing, entertained the same pi ma-
ples and opinions as their own boasted leadeis. Gol. Polk
was m favor of a revenue tariff, and it was the true demo-
cratic doctrine. They wanted only a tariff for revenue.
["Do j ou want no protection for iron
We never had, and I doubt whether we will, over want
anything more than a revenue rate of duties on iron.
He (Mr.°B ) was in favor ol such a rate ol duties as would
keep up a competition between the foioign producer and
the domestic fabricator, to such an evfent that neither the
one nor the other would have it m his power to impose
upon the consumer. This he considered good and sound de-
mocratic doctrmc. Yes and for this he had the highest au-
thority in the letter which had been read to-day from Gen-
eral Jackson himself The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
I'kyton] had said that Gov. Folk had never been known to
swerve a hair's breadth from the doctrines of General Jack-
son, and he took it for granted, therefore, that he would
still stand up to them.
it was an unfortunate comparison that was made by the
gentleman from Tennessee, of the candidate of the democra-
tic party to a pony, and of his own to a successful racer,
'•Eclipse," when it was remembered that as often as that
"Eclipse"' had been brought into the Held, he had been dis-
tanced, and on one occasion in 1840 was even deemed un-
worthy to enter the course at all. [Laughter.]
Mr. B proceeded in a jocular view to exhibit the inconsis-
tency of Mr. Clay. Having completed hi* hour,
Mr. FOOTE obtained the floor, and addressed the com-
mittee during the allotted hour, confining himself chiefly to
the subject of promises and pledges; first, those of the whig
party, which he maintained were yet certain of accom-
plishment, although hitherto they had been deterred from
carrying out their policy by adverse circumstances. When
that policy came to be fairly tested, its incalculable benefits
would be felt and appreciated; and secondly, the promises
of the democratic party, the fulfilment of which he declared
had entailed upon the country the most disastrous conse-
quences.
Mr. HENLEY obtained the floor, but gave way to a mo-
tion that the committee rise
The votes being counted by tellers, wore 26 in the affirm-
ative, and 65 in the negative. No quorum voting.
The committee rose and reported that they had found
themselves without a quorum.
Mr. HOGE moved that the House adjourn
The yeas and nays were demanded, and ordered; and, be-
ing taken, were—yeas 27. nays 69. Not a quorum.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved a call of the House.
On this motion the 3'cas and nays were ordered; and, be-
ing taken, were—yeas 44, nays M
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that when this House ad-
ourn, it adjourn to meet at fi o'clock, a m.
Mr. VINTON mo\ed to amend, by striking out S and in-
serting 4 o'clock.
The question being put, it was decided in the afftrmativ-p;
but there being no quorum present, the affirmative decision
was of no avail; and
The House adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were handed to
the reporter by the members presenting them:
By Mr CAVE JOHNSON: The following memorial of
the publishers and artists of the city of New York:
To the honorable the House of Representatives oj the. United
States:
"We, the memorialists whose names are hereto affixed,
pray youi honorable body that the publication and illustra-
tion of the results of the exploring expedition may be con-
fined to American talent alone; and in order to its efficacy,
your memorialists pray that the sub-committee to whom is
intrusted the publication of this great national work may
be composed of not less than three selected from the Joint
Library Committee; and in order to a fair and honorable
competition, and to prevent contiacts being made by irre-
sponsible persons, the said sub-committee cause to be laid
before them specimens and prices, thereby superseding the
necessity of a superintendent of embellishments, now em-
ployed at a salary of $0,000 per annum.
Your memorialists have reason to believe that foreign
artists are now, or have been, alieady employed in the exe-
cution of tlus great work. Your memorialists therefore
humbly pray that Congress will see the necessity of passing
a resolution to this effect.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on the
Library.
Also", the resolutions of the citizens of Henry county, in
the State of Tennessee, in favor of reannexation of Texas.
<Uso, resolutions of the citizens of Hardeman county, prav-
iu"" the reannexation of Texas; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. HOPKINS: The memorial of the president and
cashier of the Bank of the Metropolis, in the city of Wash-
ington, asking for an appropriation to satisfy a judgment
obtained by the said Bank of the United States, in the circuit
court ©f the District of Columbia, and subsequently afhrmed
by the Supreme Court of the United States. This judgment
having been rendered on account of transactions with the
Post Office Department, and Mr H. having been requested
to give the memorial that direction, it was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. BLACKWELL, The petition of George \V. Rice
and one hundred and twenty-two others, praying for the
establishment of a post-route from Battle creek, Tennessee,
bv way ofRice's ferry, on Tennessee liver, Wm. H. Ches-
ter's, esq., L<>\: Cash's, to Lebanon, Alabama: referred to
the Committee on the Tost Oitice and fONt Roads.
IN SENATE.
W> dnkspay, June 5, 1341.
The PRESIDENT pro tfvi. laid beioie the Senate a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, enclosing Pro-
fessor Morse's report of the completion of the electro-mag-
netic telegraph from the city of Washington to the city of
Baltimore, as authorized by the act of 3d March, 1S43. The
Secretary of the Treasury, ud mteiuii, in making this com-
munication, says:
"I beg leave to state that the perfect practicability of the
svstem lias been fully and satisfactorily established by the
work already completed. The subject is respectfully sub-
mitted to the consideration of Congiess, for such further di-
rections in the mattei as may be deemed expedient"
The report details the operation" in bringing the rxperi-
ment to a successful issue, nud slates that although the esti-
mate*, were th t the cost of the conducting wtree in pipes
would be S.)S3 per mile, and on po^ts $350, the actual cost
was considerably less, and that, of the $30,000 appropriated
b\ Congress, $1,500 itraains unexpended, and will probably
suffice for current expanses till Congress sees fit to extend
the experiment. .
On motion of .Mr EVANS, the communication and report
were referred to the Committee on Na\ al Aftaii*
Mr. PIERCE laid before the Senate a memorial from cer-
tain citizens of Cecil county. Maryland, remonstrating
against the annexation of Texas to the I'mteu states. Mr
P said that in addition to this remonstrance, the memorial-
ists remark that, -Inasmuch as John Tyler appears so de-
votedly wedded to Texas and her interests, we, your peti-
tioners, do pledge ourselves to aid mo*t cheerfully, to the
extent of our humble abilities, in enabling him to mcorpo-
late himself with that government, yielding to her the honor
of possessing (in his accidency) such a distinguished cituen
and zealous friend, congratulating ourselves upon having
found and provided for him a field of operation more-conge-
nial to his versatile genius, and where his conduct will be
better appreciated than in our plain and honest republic.''
He (Mr. P.) did not know .whether these expressions were
of that' offensive character which would make it improper to
present the memoriel.
The CHAIR observed that the memorial could be laid on
the table.
It was accordingly laid on the tabie.
My. FOSTER, pursuant to notice heretoforegivcn, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Geo.
May field; which was read twice, and leferred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance, submitted
the following reports:
The bill from the House of Representatives, making ap-
propriations for the Post Office Department for the fiscal
year, from 30th June, 18-14, to 30th June, 1845, without
amendment. . r
The House joint resolution authorizing the transfer ot
clerks in the Tieasury Department, without amendment.
The memorial of the New York Chamber of Commerce,
praying for the establishment ot a branch mint in the city
of New York, from the, further consideration of which the
committee asked to be discharged. Committee discharged
accordingly
The petition of a number of looking-glass manufacturers,
carvers, and gilders, and silverers of looking-glasses, pray-
ing for a remission of duties, from the further consideration
ol which the committee asked to be dischaiged. Committee
discharged accordingly
The memorial of John McDowal, with anjadverse repon.
Report oi dered to be printed.
Also several memorials of States and lailioad companies,
with regard to which the committee had instructed him to
report a bill. The bill entitled "A bill for the relief of cer-
tain States and laihoad companies named theiein,-" was read
and ordered to be read a second time.
Mr ARCHER presented a memorial from Lie townoi
Norfolk, Virginia, praying for the immediate annexation of
Texas to the United States: ieferred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Commerce, re-
turned the House bill foi the relief of Amos Proctor, and
asked that the committee be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that the bill be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary: reference transferred accordingly.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, le-
ported back the following acts of the House, without
amendment, and recommended their passage:
The joint lesolution authoiUing Captain James Lowe to
assign a certain section of land. . . ,
An act authorizing the utility of submarine telescopes to
be tested. , n ...
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back the House bill for the relief of Henry
Newenhan, and recommended its passage.
Also, from the Committee on Commeice, a bill lor the ic-
lief of John McColgan, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the bill for quieting the title
ot the United States to Pea Fatcli island was taken up as
in committee of the whole, and the amendment reported by
the Judiciary Committee on its recommittal, substituting
the name of Roger B. Taney for that of Horace Binney as
referee, was adopted.
The bill was then reported back to the senate, tin
amendment was concurred in, and, on the question oi en-
grossment, the yeas and na>s. on demand of rvlr.lAUAN,
were taken, and resulted—yeas 30, nays 6-as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Beinen,
Buchanan, Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Dayton Evans,
Foster, Francis, Henderson, Huntington, Jarnagm, Johnson,
Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Porter, Sevier, Sim-
mons, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, Woodbridge Wood-
bury, and Wiight— 30. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton, £ ul-
ton> and Tappan—b.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and was then
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HENDERSON moved to postpone the previous or-
ders, with a view of taking up the House bi!13oo.
The CHAIR said the bill had not been yet repoited.
Mr ATCHISON remarked that he concuired altogether
in the remarks made yesterday by the senator from Maine
as to the propriety of proceeding regularly with the calen-
dar during the morning hours. But if that iule wac not to
be pursued, he should ask the indulgence ot the feenate j i
taking- up the Senate joint resolution ior the relief of feeth
Leavenworth, which presented a claim quite as meutoriourf
as anv on the calendar.
Mrf CRITTENDEN moved to go into executive session.
On this motion the ayes were 22, noes not counted, (a
thm attendance being in the Senate, and an obvious majm-
ltv of those present being in the alternative ) So the benato
proceeded to the consideration ol executive business; and
aftei some hours spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 5, 1844.
The journal of yesteiday was read and approved.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved itself n>to
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, [Mr J
W. Davis in the chair,] and resumed the consideration oi the
bill making appiopnations lor the civil and diplomatic ex-
censes of the government, for the ensuing fiscal year.
Mr HENLEY being entitled to the liooi, addiessed the
committee
The quuestion immediately before the committee was. ho
believed, upon the proposition to confine the officers of the
government m their purchases of supplies for the use ol the
government, to articles of American manufacture. 1 o thi.s,
there could be no sort of objection,provided the articles could
be purchased upon favoi able terms. The proposition was not
objectionable itself, but there was another cousideiation
