appendix to the congressional globe.
May, 1844.
'28th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Rhett.
H. of Reps.
it; but' they will find that this vicious principle
once fairly comprehended, will live to scourge those
who first preached and practised it.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will go one step further
down in my analysis of the principle of the pro-
tective policy. All agrarianism, if I understand it,
4-ests on the principle that property is the creation
of government. Government having created, gov-
ernment can distribute it. This is the principle;
which, if true, certainly goes very far to justify the
policy. But has the general government, in any
sense, created the property in the Uni n? Does any
government create property? Property is the result
of individual labor; and all that government can do
is to protect it. To protect the person and the prop-
erty of the citizen, is, indeed, the sole purpose, as
it is the only proper function, of government. To
afford and enforce this protection, it may take so
much of the property of the citizen as is necessary.
But it can do no more. Suppose but tlrfee itteh m
existence, to begin society and government. And in
order that I might give to my iii-gument, amongst
our opponents especially, all the impression which
religious veneration alone can inspire, I will intro-
duce, to elucidate it, lhat animal, whose classic and
historic fame is destined to a brighter and nobler ce-
lebrity than that of the god Apis himself—a coon.
Suppose one of these men to have caught a coon,
and skinned him: would either of the other two
have the right to take from him his coon-skin? Sup-
pose that he had three coon-skins: could the other
Hvo, being the majority, say to him, we have a right
to equalize our conditions, and we will, therefore,
divide the skins amongst us? Every one sees that
this would be sheer robbery, either m one or many.
But what is society and government, but an aggre-
gate of individuals, with the rights only individuals
possess? The many, associated under a govern-
ment, cannot morally do that which each could not
do. Right and wrong—justice and injustice—are
terms arising from man's conscience individually.
Government takes its distinctions, and builds upon
them its laws. It embodies and represents the rights
of the individuals comprising it; and, therefore, can
do in the aggregate only what each separately could
rightfully do. Robbery in the individual, is robbery
111 the government. Sir, I say your protective poli-
cy is nothing but robbery—robbery not only against
the first principles of all just government, but abso-
lutely inconsistent with the existence of property at
all. If two or more, constituting a majority under
government, can plunder the rest, so can each man
.plunder his neighbor. Right then is might. All
moral principles are abolished; and we must go
back, through strife, slaughter, and devastation, to
despotism and barbarism. That such a principle
ahouid lie asserted-in^igovernmentabove a Calmuck
horde, or an Indian tribe, is very strange; but that
it should be announced as a principle of government
for the freest, most enlightened, and christian nation
upon earth, is enough to raise " the arch fiend's
mock."
I have asked gentlemen to show me a single
clause in the constitution which, by the lemotest
implication, justifies the principle of the protective
policy, as I have analyzed and exposed it. Without
looking into the constitution, it would be enough
to know that it is the constitution of a government
for a free people, to be assured that it could contain
no such principle. It not only does not contain
such a principle, but many of its clauses directly
repudiate it. Wherever property is mentioned in
it, it is to afford guards for its protection. The per-
son and effects of the citizen are protected from
"unreasonable seizures." The trial by jury is
guarantied over twenty dollars, for the trial of any
right to it. No State can pass bills of attainder or
r:c pout laws; nor ran there be any forfeiture
even for treason, except during the life of the person
attainted. The duties authonzed to be levied by the
government must be "uniform;" and "private prop-
erty" cannot be taken "for public use without just
compensation." Here the power to take private
property for public use is expressly forbidden
without just compensation. I have shown that, by
the protective policy, private property is taken for
private use without compensation. But why dwell
on particular passages of the constitution? Its
whole history—its whole scope—shows that it was
ordained by the States, so far as its internal opera-
tion is concerned, to establish free and untrammelled
intercourse, both as to persons and property, be-
tween the people of the United States. To this
®nd, "citizens in one State are entitled to the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in the several
States." No State can lay import or export duties.
The State lines are broken down, in the free inter-
course of individuals, and the transmission of prop-
erty, from one end of" the Union to the other. Sir,
the constitution of the United States is the grandest
monument of free trade, and its mighty and happy
influences, the world has ever seen. It is by its
free-trade principles that our unparalleled prosperity,
our internal peace, our Union itself, has endured.
Before the constitution was made, each State in the
Union was erecting barriers against free trade, such
as the advocates of protection would now build up
against foreign nations. The constitution levelled
them all; and in this, and this only, consists its in-
ternal value and gloty. When, therefore, we hear
men dfenoUnce free trade, can they understand or re-
vere the constitution? Do they design to destroy it?
Put us back to where we were before the constitution
was made, with State custom-houses in every port,
and revenue officers on our State lines, and what
would the Union be worth? If the protective policy
is wise and just with foreign nations, it must be
equally so between the Statesf for there is far more
intercourse and affinity of interest between portions
of the United States and foreign nations, than be-
tween different portions of the Union. Charleston
and New Orleans have a more direct and extensive
intercourse with Liverpool and Havre, than with
Boston and New York. Let us carry the protect-
ive policy, then, through—between the States, as
well as with foreign nations. Repeal the free-trade
features of the constitution; and let the South dam
out, by prohibitory duties, to encourage her own,
the manufactures of the North, as they propose to
exclude from our ports the cheaper manufactures of
foreign nationns. We would only be doing towards
them, what, they do towards us, by the arm of the
general government. How would these consistent
and patriotic advocates for protection like their doc-
trine in this application? If they now threaten dis-
union, because we propose to stop the tribute ex-
acted from us to support their pampered, but cor-
rupt prosperity, what would they say, when their
doctrine is wielded against them, and our markets
are closed to their manufactures? Sir, I value and
reverence the constitution in all its provisions, but
especially in its free trade features; and I abhor the
protective policy, whether applied between the
States of the Union or foreign nations. In my
opinion, it has guarantied free trade, excepting so
far as revenue duties may permit, not only between
the States of the Union, but with all the nations of
the earth. It is absurd to suppose that a principle
which constitutes the life and vigor of the constitu-
tion in its internal relations, and which is equally
applicable and beneficial in our foreign relations,
was not intended for both, by the framers of the
constitution. It is absurd to suppose, that a gov-
ernment made by equals, can legitimately be used
to aggrandise a portion of the people, at the ex-
pense of the rest. It must be false to suppose that
a government, made to protect property, can con-
fiscate it, or distribute it amongst its citizens, in the
tyrannical effort to equalize their condition and for-
tunes. Such a government would be fit only for
one use.—to be destroyed, and held up forever
amongst the nations of the earth, as a monument, of
unparalleled wickedness, wanton oppression, and
most stupendous folly.
Mr. Chairman, we would be doing our fellow-
citizens of the North the most egregious wrong to
suppose, that with all their lofty professions of a
regard for the interests and honor of the whole
Union, in urging on their schemes of taxation,
they were really m favor of the principles of the pro-
tective policy, or its application either, excepting as
it compels others to pay, anil them to receive. They un-
derstood and advocate the principles of free tiade—
when it it to their interest. In imposing duties, they
go decidedly for free trade, m every thing necossa-
ry or com Client to their manufacturing interests.
Hence, a free list of many millions, exclusively for
their benefit. So, ?lso, on all articles which they
do not manufacture, they are in favor of free trade
and no duties. One-half of the importations into
the United Stales are thus allowed to come in free of
all duty; whilst they raise the whole revenue of the
government by duties on the other half, consisting
of commodities they manufacture. By this policy
they have the benefit of free trade in every thing
which is used in their branches of industry; and
free trade, also, with their chief foreign customers ia
Brazil and China, in the coffees and teas of those na-
tions. They maintain free trade in buying cheap,
and only-advocate protection in selling dear. They
are decidedly also for free trade between the States.
Nor will they pay a cent themselves to support
their manufactures. There are two ways, now in
force in other nations, by which manufactures are
fostered—the one by bounties, the other by prohi-
bitions. By the former, the tax is taken by the
government, and given to the manufacturer; by the
Tatter, the foreign article is excluded, and the manu-
facturer is enabled by his higher prices, to take the
tax himself from the consumer. The burden is the
same, if the bounty and prohibition fall in the same
proportions on the same people. If the people of
the North believed that their people would pay the
same taxes, by bounties from their State treasuries,
as by protective duties by the general government,
why do they not resort to bounties to foster manu-
factures? They would be as efficacious and as fair.
The answer is plain. They know that they do not
pay the same taxes by these two systems of en-
couragement. ■ By bounties, they would be taking
money from the citizens of their own States, and
giving it to their manufacturers. By protective du-
ties on the part of the general government, they take
money from the people of the whole Union, and
give it to their manufacturers. The former policy
they would not endure; although the manufacturers
and their factories are amongst them. But they
expect us to endure it; and to submit to pay an
exhausting and degrading tribute, which they would
not deign to pay for their aggrandizement. Is not
this strange? Is not this insulung? It is just, how-
ever, their system of just government. Prohibi-
tions for others—free trade for themselves. Taxa-
lion for others, but none for themselves.
A gentleman over the way, in arguing the con-
stitutionality of the protective policy, reminded the
House, that one of the grievances alleged in the
declaration of our independence against Great
Britain was, that she interfered with, and restrained
the progress of, our manufactures. Sir, I know
that this was done, and very naturally done, by
Great Britain, in some of her laws. She did not
want in us rivals, but consumers, of her manufac-
tures; just what the North now desire of the south-
een portion of this Union. And she did what the
North now does, through this government—pass
restrictive laws, forcing us to consume her manu-
factures. This was a grievance, incident to our con-
dition as colonies. But I do not find this alleged as
one of our wrongs in the declaration of indepen-
dence. But I will tell you, sir, what I do find in it.
1 find one clause declaring that the government of
Great Britain has "excited domestic insun-eclions
among us." I find another grievance alleged—
"for cutting off our trade with all parts of the world."
Can gentlemen see no application of the wrongs to the
southern portion of this confederacy? Whilst seek-
ing out imaginary causes of complaint agaiust those
whom they assail and oppress, are they blind to
their own faithlessness and tyranny' Or do they
see the effects of their policy on us, as clearly as
they do on themselves; and only despise their vic-
tims—deeming us too stupid to comprehend our
rights, or too cowardly to maintain them? Is it
possible that they can mistake the inevitable ten-
dency of their agitations in their States, and on
this floor, to produce " domestic insurrections
amongst us?" Is it possible that they can mis-
apprehend that their protective policy must ''cut,
off our trade with all parts of the world," in a
far more rapid and ruinous excess than the le-
gislation of Great Britain could have done to-
wards us as her colonies? She afforded to us
the best market in the world. With or without
restrictions, our commerce, by the natural course
of trade, would have flowed almost entirely into
the British isles. But she pretended to monopolize
it; and, although her colonies, wo would not bear
it. And what now, sir, is the intention, and must
be the consummation, of the protective policy, if
no! resisted and overthrown' The agricultural pro-
ductions of the United States are intended for the
world. They enter every manufacturing nation in
Europe, and require exchanges of commerce with
all, to prosper or continue. By excluding every-
thing from our ports which they have to sell, wc
virtually forbid them from purchasing our staples.
The policy undoubtedly is to "cut off our trade
with all parts of the world," and place us in the
same relation towards the northern States that our
fathers refused to bear towards Great Britain. Are
we not only to be colonies, but more degraded colo-
nies than we were before our revolution? _ After
drawing the sword to beat off the pretension of
limiting our trade to the best markets in t}ie 'world,
