CONGRESSIONAL GLOftE.
Of this sum, as I have already shown, $558,378 have gone
into the treasury of the United States; and thus, whilst other
portions of the country are receiving the fostering care of
the government by the lavish expenditure of large sums of
money, (of which 1 do not complain, for the representation
from Kentucky, of all parties, has always been open-
handed in the appropriation of money for the benefit of all
sections of the country, though but a very insignificant
amount of the public treasure has ever been expended in
that State,) the commerce of the West, in one ofits mostim-
portant channels, is enormously taxed by heavy and bur-
densome impositions, a great part of which goes into the
national treasury. This is a tax upon the agricultural prod-
ucts of the West and South, and the manufactured goods
of the East, ultimately paid by the consumers, and upon
travellers from all parts of the country; so that the measure
which I propose is not simply one of local interest, but of a
national character, and of interest to the whole Union. The
Seuth and the East are taxed upon our productions, and we
upon theirs. If these tolls were removed, the cost of trans-
portation would be proportionably diminished. The tolls of
this canal from 1831 to 1843. inclusive, have been an average
annual tax upon our commerce of $94,432.
When we come to look upon the tax which is imposed
annually upon steamboats plying between Cincinnati and
St. Louis, and Louisville and St. Louis; and between Louis-
ville and New Orleans, and Cincinnati and New Orleans, it
would seem to me that the committee would not hesitate a
moment to remove this tax upon the enterprise of that
numerous and respectable class oi our citizens who are en-
gaged in that navigation.
Isaiah Wing, the surveyor of the port of Cincinnati, states
a real case as taken from the books of a boat running be-
tween Cincinnati and St. Louis. This boat is one of 150 tons
burden, which passes through the canal five times per
month, for eight months in the year; the balance of the time
not so often; for each time she passes the canal she pays
$95 toll. He says that she may be set down within bounds as
paying $4,000 per annum in tolls; that her original cost was
$13,000 so that her tolls in five years (the average time a
boat will last) would amount to $20,000—being $7,000 more *
tnan the whole original cost of the boat.
Oliver Harris, surveyor of the port of St. Louis, estimates
that the Valley-Forge, for a period of four months, taken
from her books during the most prosperous business season
she experienced, paid in toll, to the canal company, 18 per
cent, compared with her profits. He estimates that the boats
m the Ohio and St. Louis trade alone paid in toll to the canal
.$33,500 in the year 1843. Mr Harris further estimates that
a regular trader in this trade of 160 tons, costing $80 per ton,
or $12,800, running eight months m the year, and making
24 trips, and passing through the canal 16 times, would an-
nually pay $1,280, and m five years $6,400, equal to one-half
the cost of the boat, and the cost of her running being esti-
mated at $16,960 for the eight months, the toll would amount
to 7f per cent on her whole runnnmg expenses.
According, also, to the report of Mr. Wing, one of the
largest class of steam vessels trading between Cincinnati
and New Orleans makes, on an average, eight voyages per
annum; that her tolls will amount to $300 each voyage, or
$2,400 per annum; that her expenses, exclusive of tolls, per
voyage, would be $3,800; so that exceeding one-twelfth
part of the expense of running this class of boats, m that i
tiade, is consumed in tolls paid at this canal. |
A statement of Mr. Porter, surveyor of the port of "Louis-
ville, taken from the books of the steamer Nautilus, of 189
tons, an average boat, costing $22,500, which was engaged
regularly in the trade between Louisville and New Orleans
from August, 1839, to October, 1843, shows that she made
an average often trips per annum, paying $94 50 toll each
trip, amounting to $945 toll per annum, her profit being
$8,200, making her toll, compared with her profit 945.8200,
or about $, fiuin which it would appeal that the amount of
tolls paid by a regular trader of that class from Louisville to
New Orleans and St. Louis, would be, during her fitness for
service, (say four years,) $3,780, about one-quarter of her
original cost, and about onc-twenty-fifth of her whole ex-
penses, estimated to be $96,000.
In addition to the«e estimates. I will call the attention of
the committee to the following statement, madeb}- the pres-
ident of the canal company. He says:
"Steamboats trading from Cincinnati to New Orleans w ill
average one trip m twenty-four days for eight months m
each year—equal to ten trips per annum; or twenty times
that they maj have < > pi*s3 thiough the canal, or over the
falls. This is a full a\ erage. Of the twenty passages, ten
may be considered as passing over the falls, and ten
through the locks of the canal, per annum.
Therefore, a steamboat of 200 tons ten miles through
the locks, at 50 cents per ton, will pay m tolls an-
nually  $1,250
And a boat of 300 tons, fit the same rflte, will pay an-
nually ------- 1,500
Steamboats from Pittsburg and Cincinnati to and
from St. Louis, averaging 150 tons, may pass
through the canal twelve times in a year; and at
the same rate will pay - ♦ • 900
And a boat of 200 tons, making twenty trips, will, at
the same rate, pay - - 1,000
•'The above estimate is based on the presumption of great
regularity m the commerce, which is often anything but
regular. Some boats may happen to arrive at the 'falls,'
on every trip, in the spring months, when they will find
sufficient water to permit them to passover; and it would,
therefore, cause the estimate to fall short. On the other
hand, other boots may arrive and depart from the'falls'
every trip in the seat-on, just between the spring rises, or
freshets, and thus exceed the above estimate.
"An estimate of the cost of steamboats navigating the
Ohio river, may be computed at $80 per ton, complete, with
hull, machinery, cabin furniture, equipment, provisions,
kc . when fitted* for a voyage.
Tonnage.
Steamboats of 100
tons will last 4
years—average -
Steamboats of 150-
tons will last 4
years—average -
Steamboats of 200
tons will last 4
years—average -
Steamboats of 250
tons will last 4
years—average -
Steamboats of 300
tons will last 4
years—average -
Cost at $81
per ton.
$8,000
12,000
16,000
20,000
24,000
Average ca-
nal toll per
annum.
$500
750
1,000
1,250
1,500
The average
amount of
toll for 4
years.
$2,000
3,000
4,000
5,000
6,000
From these facts the committee will be able to form some
estimate of the difficulties, embarrassments, obstructions,
and burdens which exist upon our commerce and the com-
mercial enterprise of our citizens. Whilst lam proposing
this measure for the purpose of removing these difficulties,
it is proper and just that I should say to the committee that
there are seven other plans suggested for removing the ob-
structions at the falls, upon none of which I will make any
particular comments, contenting myself with calling the
attention of the committee to a tabular statement which ac-
companies the report of Capt. T. J. Cram, Senate Doc 243.
1st session 28th Congress, which succinctly states the costs
of the different projects for an improved steamboat naviga-
tion at the falls of the Ohio, with the cost of each project
and their relative cost, accompanied by remarks upon the
merits and demerits of each project.
Table exhibiting comparative costs of eight projects for
improving the steamboat navigation at the falls of the
Ohio.
ti
© £.5
X
Designation of the pro-
ject lor an improved
steamboat navigation
at the falls of the
Ohio.
Existing canal
Bed of the falls
Bed ul'the fulls
('anal on Indi
ana side.
Purchasing6,151 shares
of stock, at $140 per
share, also the dry-
dock at $50,000, and
improving the canal
to the amount
$355,298. (a)
Fii <it method —Only
descending naviga-
tion—pilots1 method
(b)
Second method.— Canal
C D, extending from
head of Middle chute
to foot of Kentucky
chute, with locks
&c. (<•.)
Third method.—Canal E
F, near Indiana j-ide,
to head oi Bid eddy
with locks,and sluice
S, through Goose isl-
and. (d.)
Fourth method —Dam (J
H, locks, and sluice
S («)
Route No. 1 —New ca-
nal on Indiana side
from Jefter«onville to
lust below the Point
of Rocks, to be fed
from the upper pool
of the Ohio. (/)
Route No. 2.—New ca-
nal on Indiana side,
from Jeffersonville to
the mouth of Falling
run, to be fed from
upper pool, (g-)
Canal on a high level on
toute No. 1.—To lie
fed by a navigable
feeder from Colum-
bus, Indiana, to Jef-
fersonville, 80 miles
long (h)
$1,266,348
J^i'i
1,351,777
1,006,233
1,405,146
2,973,6-12
7,470 603
1.000
0.416
0 524
1 109
Remarks upon the merits and demerits of each project.
(a) This project includes the dry-dock, which Is! not in-
cluded m any other project It'would not sacrifice the
chartered ngnts of individuals, it would secure as good a
navigation as would be required, the works would be as
little liable to mud depositee as any other that can be con-
structed, aud less liable than most of the other projects; it
would afford an ascending as well as descending navigation
at all times when boats could not pass over the falls; it
would also cost less than any other project of equal advan-
tages, b) $8S.703.
(b) This project would onlj secure a descending naviga-
tion, and that but a very indifferent one, requiring a con-
tinuance of the system of pilotage. It would be equivalent
to appropriating half a million to the advantage of the falls
pilots, and taking a large portion of the profits of the present
canal company, without any advantage to commerce.
There would be an increased expense yearly to keep up this
project; and if constructed, in all probability, would be
abandoned in a few years.
(c) At first view, it would seem that this is a good project-
Its cost is more, by $135,339, than that of the existing canal j
it would sacrifice the chartered rights of the existing canal
company; it would be liable, at every rise, to immense de-
posites at the lower locks, and also to be choked with drift-
wood; its cost, for repairs and custody, would be very great;
it would have a very difficult entrance at the upper extrem*
ity, and be difficult of access from the shore. All these ob-
jections could not be obviated, without adding to its cost
$250,000, which would make its total cost $1,601,777—great-
er than the existing canal project, by $385,339.
{d) This would be submerged at all times, except at ex-
treme low water; there would be times when the gates
could not be opened, when the work would be required for
the passage of boats; great inconvenience from drift-wood;
works very difficult of access from the shore; much deten-
tion of boats at upper extremity of sluice; upper end of the
canal difficult to enter; it never could be made as good for
the navigation as the existing canal; its cost of repairs and
custody would be far greater.
(f) Objectionable in every point of view, except in cost.
It would, in all probability, seriously injure, if not destroy,
the present harbor of Louisville, its cost of repairs and cus-
tody would be much more than the existing canal project,
and there would be times when it would operate as a posi-
tive {obstruction to the good natural navigation over the
falls.
(/) This is a good project, so far as the interests of com-
merce are concerned; but the canal would be one mile
longer, and no better than the existing one on the Kentucky
side. It would be more liable to deposites at the locks; it
would cost more, by $188,708, than the project for purcha-
sing and improving the existing canal. Besides this, a de-
struction of the chartered rights of individuals, to the
amount of 6,151 shares of stock, valued at $861,140. A new
canal, it is true, would increase the value of private proper-
ty on the Indiana side, perhaps to an equal amount; but the
general interest would be no better off' than by the project
of the existing canal.
(?) The only advantages of this route are, a better in-
gress and egress at the locks, and an avoidance of the "Al-
bany bar" and the rocky place No. 7, plat A. But these ad-
vantages are far more than counterbalanced by the disad-
vantages; and, when we take into account the very great
expense of constructions and subsequent cost of repairs
ana custody, and time of passing through it, the mind re-
jects the project.
(h) This would be more for the advantage of the interior
of Indiana than for the general commerce; and it is not to
be supposed that the United States will undertake it. The
development, however, of the project, may be of use to the
State of Indiana, in exhibiting the cost of what would be
an advantageous work for the State.
It will be perceived, from the amendment which I have
oflered, that I prefer that plan which proposes to purchases
the stock in the Louisville and Poitland canal. Such it. the
fact; and such 1 believe to be the preferable mode, after a
a full and impartial examination of the matter; for [
have no local or sectional feeling upon the matter, which
would tend to bias my mind in favor of or against any par-
ticular mode proposed. My object is to make the naviga-
tion, both ascending and descending, free from obstruction,,
and our commerce free from tolls and burdens, by the most
economical and the most feasible plan; and believing that
none of the plans suggested for the improvement of the
bed of the river can answer the object proposed, if the-
stockholders in the canal company will not take a fair and
reasonable price for their stock, I will very cheerfully sup-
port an appropriation for the construction of a canal on the
Indiana side of the river.
It will be seen, from the facts which I have stated, that
though the appropriation now asked is nominally $550,000,
yet it js, in fact, much less than that sunt. We ask the gov-
ernment to restore to us the $258,778, which she has col-
lected by a tax imposed upon our commerce—the only in-
stance I believe m the country, in which taxes have been
collected by appropriations to internal improvement—which,
when deducted from the $550,000, will leave but $291,222 as
the sum actually asked by this amendment to be appro-
priated to the benefit of this great commercial interest, and
the free navigation of the Ohio river.
Mr. THOMASSON followed in some remarks on the same
subject, in which he was interrupted by the arrival of the
hour at which debate was to terminate.
The hour fixed for the termination of the debate haviv?
arrived, the committee proceeded to vote upon the amend-
ments.
The amendment of Mr. E J. Black, to the amendment of
Mr Pollock, was adopted; and on the original amendment
as amended, a division was called, and the votes taken by
tellers were—ayes 76. noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to
Mr. J R 1NGERSOLL moved to amend the appropria-
tion of $2,500 for the purchase of books for the library, by
substituting the sum of $5,000-, which amendment, on divi-
sion, was agreed to—ayes 62, noes 54.
Mr. PRATT moved to amend by inserting the follow-
ing:
For annual repairs of the Capitol, attending furnaces an t
water closets, lamp-lighting, oil, laborers on the Capitol
grounds, tools, keeepmg iron pipes and wooden fences la
order, attending at western gates, and topdressing foi
plants, for trees and plants, repairs of public stable?.,
pumps, flagging enclosures, extra labor m removing snow ,
&c , for taking down and rebuilding four chimneys on th ;
( apito], for one bulkhead containing ox lights baize doors,
complete, foi one large fan-light and frame, 10 feet by ■),
containing 37 lights, and for three additional lamps for rhe
Capitol, and alteration m water-work and fish - $9,084 0U
Foi anuual repairs of the President's house
gardener's salary, laborers, cartage, tool's, ma-
nure and straw Tor topdressing. lor repairs of
