June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
650
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Bidlack.
H  of Reps.
shall we now submit to its being restricted to'the
worse? . Or is it that such oppression is less bitter
when coming from equals, violating their solemn
compacts, stipulating equal rights and liberties,
than when reaching us from a predominating power
on which we had always been dependent?
There is often a retributive justice in the affairs
of men. Wrong, even triumphant, is sometimes
avenged by its own success. And so, sir, I think
it will prove to be with the protective policy. Gen-
tlemen ask for peace. They complain that we will
not leave them to enjoy, in quietude and repose,
their system of plunder and dishonesty. If we
were the slaves they desire us to be, and would not
even lift our enchained hands to resist, they can
have no peace. Agitation, disquietude, and conten-
tion, is the necessary condition of the protective
policy itself. Has any tariff ever given security
and repose? From the unalterable principles of cur-
rency and trade, one protective tariff must soon
have another to support it. Its relief can only
be temporary. By shutting out foreign manu-
factures in return for our exports, specie settles
the balance between us and foreign nations. The
consequence is, immense importations of specie;
which, becoming in the banks the basis of large is-
sues of paper money, swell the currency, and raise
artificially the prices of everything in the United
States. From this state of things, foreign manufac-
tures can soon be imported into the country, in
spite of protective duties, and sold in our maikets.
The benefits expected from the protective duties
then cease to the domestic manufacturer; and,
if they would end here, and stay here, we
might then laugh at the dishonesty which
had thus neutralized its own oppression. But,
with the high prices in this country, produced
by a swollen currency, specie begins to flow back
to Europe, to settle the balances between this coun-
try and foreign nations. Then ensues a greater op-
pression, often, than the tariff itself. The currency
is restricted. Contracts, made when the currency
was inflated, are doubled upon the debtor; and con-
vulsion and ruin sweep over the land. The natural
course of trade, thus tampered with and restricted,
like a feeble effort to stop a river, rolls over the ar-
tificial impediments, and buries the country beneath
its waters. Sir, this has been the effect of every
tariff which has ever been passed by this govern-
ment. What has been, will be again; and to keep
up their system, the manufacturers must make fo-
ray after foray upon the rights and property of the
people. Already the importations show that the
benefits of the tariff of 1842 are reaching their max-
imum, and in a few years, perhaps months, will be
exhausted. I know their remedy. They will come
again to Congress for additional protection. A peo-
ple who have submitted once to such a policy, they
will expect to submit again. Nor will the expec-
tation be unreasonable. Yield the principle of the
protective policy, and our property is theirs; and
the more or less which is taken from us, is not worth
a freeman's calculation. But will the piinciple be
submitted to by the people of the United States?
Justice, liberty, and the constitution answer—Nev-
er!
REMARKS OF MR. BIDLACK,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives, June 4, 1844—
On the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, in
reply to the political remarks that had been in-
troduced into the debate by the gentlemen who
preceded him.
Mr. Chairman: 1 concur most fully with the gen-
tlemen who have expressed the opinion that the
custom of making political speeches in this hall
would be more "honored in the breach than in the
observance." During the whole session I have re-
frained from it, although constantly provoked to it
by the course of some of my whig colleagues.
They have omitted no opportunity, whether appro-
priate or not, to bring forward whatever they
supposed might have a political effect here
or in the country, and have flooded the State of
Pennsylvania, not only with what they have said,
but with much that was not said. Those speeches,
thus written out and published both in the English
and German language, have loaded the mails during
the whole session.
As much of this political ammunition has been
fired at the wrong mark, I could have been content-
ed to let it pass, and looked on rather in pity than
in anger at these abortive efforts, if my colleague
from Philadelphia [Mr. Morris] had not again en-
tered the list, and attempted, as I think, to place the
democracy of Pennsylvania in a false position.
The discharges which they have made at that ex-
alted and pure statesman, Mr. Van Buren, have
either passed him like the idle wind, or fallen harm-
less at his feet; and they are welcome to pick up
this lost ammunition and throw it at the nominee of
the Baltimore convention, if they would only wait
until the business for which the people sent us here
is transacted. After the adjournment of Congress,
let the presidential campaign open; and then, if they
are for a war of words, we shall be ready to meet
them to their heart's content, and to carry it into
Africa, or, at least, into Texas and Oregon. Come
on, then, McDuff. From the demonstrations wit-
nessed here yesterday and to-day, it is plain the
State of Pennsylvania is to be the battle-field in the
approaching contest. In order to afford an excuse
for a political speech, one of my colleagues [Mr.
Pollock] has offered an amendment to a section of
the bill now under consideration. This amendment,
in itself, is of no importance, because it merely di-
rects one of our officers to do what he would do, as
a matter of course, without any direction; and, in
fact, it is already the law. Upon it, however, another
colleague from Philadelphia has made a speech of
about five minutes, devoted to an attack upon the
Baltimore convention and upon Governor Polk,
one of the nominees of that convention. Judging
from past experience, it may be expected that this
five-minutes speech will, in a few days, expand over
eight pages of a pamphlet, and be upon the wings
of the wind on its way into every district of Penn-
sylvania, and perhaps into other States. Under
such circumstances, silence on the part of the dem-
ocratic portion of the delegation would no longer be
a virtue, it would be a neglect of duty. While the
gentleman from Philadelphia was pouring out the
vials of his wrath upon the unoffending head of our
candidate, because he had received a unanimous
nomination for the presidency, without managing,
bargaining, and begging for it for twenty years-, he
showed his discretion, if not his courage, in letting
the candidate for the vice presidency pass sub
silentio. He knew that, where Mr. Dallas was
known, he would be gnawing a file.
He knew, also, that the blood of Dallas, as well
as "die blood of Douglass, could defend itself." No
votes could be made m his district, by an encounter
in that quarter. All our whig friends who have fol-
lowed up the example set them by the gentleman
from Philadelphia, have shown the same disposition
to quarrel with Governor Polk, and the convention
thatnominated him. They seem really out of all kind
of patience: indeed, sir, they are so cross, morose,
and petulant under their disappointment, that they
are really unpleasant to one another, and every one
associated with them. And from what arises this dis-
appointment? I will tell you, sir. It is not so much
because Mr. Van Buren was not nominated, as
because they have been disappointed in their fond,
but ill-founded hopes, that the convention would
make no nomination at all. When they saw the hon-
est difference of" opinion exhibited for several days
in that convention, they forgot that it was composed
of intelligent, honest, high-minded, and patiiotic
democrats, who, while they claimed the right
(which should never be denied) of urging their favor-
ites by all honorable means, would never endanger
their principles through mere preference for men.
They were democrats, who could say of their favor-
ites, " not that T love Csesar less, but that I love
Rome more." The delegates went there determined
to make a nomination, and not to go behind the
record, after it was made. In all this the whigs were
disappointed. They had laid tire flattering unction
to their souls, that it would be otherwise. They
predicted it while we were all gathered around that as-
tonishing telegraph which communicates intelligence
with such lightning speed; and when, as they stood
upon the parapet of the Capitol, and saw their pre-
dictions falsified by the hand-writing upon the wall,
they felt that they were "gone coons;" for nothing
could outrun the gallant Polk, unless it was the
electricity upon Professor Morse's telegraphic wires.
They knew that, however, expert Mr. Clay was at
the game of drag, he never got along well with the
old Pennsylvanian game called poke. Under such
circumstances, Mr. Chairman, we must make allow-
ance for their testiness and peevishness, and bear it
with gentlemanly courtesy. It would have been
just so if Mr. Van Buren, or any of the other dis-
tinguished individuals named for the office, had been
nominated. They must feel conscious we could beat
Mr. Clay with any of them; and when I take into
consideration the manner in which they have abused
and misrepresented Mr. Van Buren, and the means
by which they defeated him in 1840, if it will afford
them any satisfaction, and alleviate their feelings, 1,
for one, will confess to them, it would have pleased
me a little better, under all the circumstances, to have
beaten them with Mr. Van Buren than with any
one else, unless it was Pennsylvania's favorite son;
but, as I have always contended, we could dis-
tance them with any of our distinguished men,
even my good nature will not permit me now to
give them hopes of anything but defeat.'
The gentleman from Philadelphia [Mr. Morris]
holds out some encouragement to his whig friends,
by his liberal promises as to what Pennsylvania will
do. Does the gentleman calculate upon the whole
Keystone by an estimate of what his own district
will do? Will he undertake to premise a majority
for Mr. Clay in that? No, sir; no. A gentle-
man who has been there BiHCe the nomination, in-
forms me that Polk, Dallas, aiid Muhlenberg, will
carry it by a thousand or fifteeil hundred majority.
Will my colleague, who offered this amendment,
undertake to promise a majority in his district' If
he does, sir, he will calculate without ft is host, and
promise what, in my opinion, cannot be de>J.e.
[Here Mr. B. was interrupted by a side-bar re-
mark from Mr. Schenck of Ohio.]
Sir, (said Mr. B.,) if the gentleman from Ohio
wishes a little notice, he shall not be overlooked. I
will pay my respects to him, although it may be as
difficult to find him, or what he says, as it was for
him to find General Harrison, and what he,said, and
where he went, although the gentleman told us yes-
terday he went with him at the time he escaped
from his keepers. I will own I did not pay muck
attention to the gentleman's remarks. I am willing
to listen to an opponent as long as I believe he is
serious and candid in what he says; but when he be-
gins with special pleading that is unworthy of the
occasion, I am under no obligation to be a "good
listener." According to my recollection, however,
of what he did say, he undertook to explain, if not
to mystify, some of the numerous declarations of
General Harrison against a protective tariff. But,
sir, I have before me a letter from Geaeral Harri-
son, written at Zanesville, Ohio, to Messrs, Foster,
Taylor, and others, which shall be put MpoS the
record where the gentleman and his whig friends
shall not escape from it. It shall meet them, and
stare them in the face, like Banquo's ghost, upon
every wall, and at every cross-road, whenever they
attempt to frighten the people from the support of
Governor Polk, on account of his tariff notions. In
that letter General Harrison says: "J am for sup-
porting the compromise act; and never will agree to its
being altered or repealed." And yet, sir, the gentle-
man from Ohio and my colleagues, and the whigs
generally, could vote for him at a time when there
was an occasion for a repeal, but are horrified and
amazed at the bare idea of supporting a candidate
whose sentiments they allege, without proof, are
similar, when there is no necessity of a repeal, or
in any way submitting it to his decision—it being.al-
ready repealed!
The friends of the tariff want no change of the
law now, as they did then; it has already been
changed by democratic votes in spite of Mr. Clay
and some of his friends, who wanted to keep the
question open for political effect and political cap-
ital. The executive will have nothing to do with it.
The law is signed and safe from all control until
changed by legislative action. The case was far
different in 1840, when the whigs voted for General
Harrison with this letter before them. It is there-
fore to be hoped we shall hear no more hypocritical
canting against Governor Polk, on the score of the
tariff. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Sum-
mers] who addressed us this morning seemed to be
apprehensive the wind would be taken out of their
sail, and their thunder silenced from an intimation
which I had given him in private conversation. That
honorable gentleman has to-day, in our hearing, ex-
pressed much earnest solicitude for the tariff of
1842; but the friends of that law would have been
more obliged to him, if he had given them the benefit
of his vote in its favor in the last Congress, when he
had an opportunity to do so. May they not say to
him and others who voted against the law—"timeo
Danaos et dona ferentes? Will not the noble and
patriotic satesman of Lindenwald say the same
thing to those whigs who now seem so anxious to
shed crocodile tears in his behalf? The same gen-
tleman complains most piteously of the marine?
