660
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Bidlack.
H. of Reps.
in which the convention made the nomination, and
joins the member from Tennessee in saying that the
people of that State will not believe in it without a
certificate from General Jackson. Don't trouble
yourselves, kind friends: when our candidate gets
his certificate of election, it will make no difference
whether he is nominated or not. Much complaint
is made also by several gentlemen, on account of
the vetoes of the present executive. But these com-
plaints, as I contended in the last Congress, were
without foundation; for, before the election, they
stole Mr. Tyler's anti-bank thunder for their own
use, where it was pleasant to hear it; and they could
not expect him to renounce it or smother it, when
they had no further use for it. He was too honest
and independent for that.
It is to be hoped they will profit by experience,
and hereafter act upon the Newtonian maxim, that
"honesty is the best policy;" and if they waht a na-
tional bank, go for it "eo nomine." It is true, Mr.
Webster has called it an "obsolete idea." But if he
coHld find as many reasons lor changing his opin-
ion on the question of a national bank, as
some others havej he might follow the example
of Mr. Clay, and change back again. If Mr.
Clay fcould be elected, no one doubts that a
national bank would be one of his first
measures. But the gentleman from Ohio, by his
interruption, has drawn me off into a long digres-
sion, and caused me to neglect my colleague, who I
hope will excuse me. He has also interrupted the
tram of remark which I have hastily marked out.
As this debate has been sprung upon us as if from an
ambush, and has been to me entirely unexpected,
the committee will, of course, pardon any want of
method which they may discover. Sir, while I
have the honor of giving a passing recognition to
those of my whig friends who have preceded me in
this debate, I may as well take this occasion to make
my bow to the only remaining one, the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Peytok,] who has just taken
his seat. I am admonished that the sands of my
hour are wasting, and _ I must be brief with him.
As an offset to his revilitlgs and bitter lamentations
over the conduct of his nullifying democratic col-
leagues in the Tennessee legislature, I will refer him
to my tribulat'ons with his anti-masonic and whig
friends in the Pennsylvania legislature in 1835,
when t.Viey forced the monster bank upon us no-
lens volens, in a bill under the title of "a bill to con-
tinue the improvements of the State, and for otiitr
purposes." If he looks at the journal, he will see
i hail avast amount of trouble in that matter, as
well as on the committee raised by his political
friends to investigate the evils of masonry—a fra-
ternity entered into by Mr. Clay as a kind of
"youthful indiscretion." And then there is the
buckshot' war. But to be serious: has the gen-
tleman ever heard how, in Jhis case, to carry out the
doctrine of the proclamation to treat the elections as
if they had never been held, a whig or anti-ma-
sonic secretary of the Commonwealth presented to
the legislature such returns as he deemed proper to
present alon , instead of all the returns' Has he
heard of one of his leaders standing up on the rep-
resentative floor and urging the elections of two
speakers? Has he seen his political friends in the
Senate, pursuing a course which brought our insti-
tutions to the very verge of ruin? Has he seen the
calm and deliberate conduct of a body of democrats
assembled under the title of the "committee of safe-
ty," who boldly stepped forward between the leaders
of the government party and the indignation of an
excited populace? Has he heard of the armed occu-
pation of Harrisburg, the prevalence of anarchy in
the'capitol for some thirteen days at least? The pros-
tration of all the plans of his party by the patriotic
conduct of the seceding members, and the final res-
toration of sound legislation_have all been noticed in
their turn by the gentleman from Tennessee? And
does he stand up here and reproach us with the
"dangerous tendencies of democratic principles," and
thank God that "his party is not like other parties'"
Does he not remember that his party, or the leaders of
it, did all this with the avowed purpose of holding
the government three years longer, in effect if not in
jiame? It is proven that they designed to elect a
United States senator, to deprive the governor-elect
pf all patronage, if not to strip him of all vestages
of office by the slow proc iss of contesting the gu-
bernatorial election; it is proved that they designed
to create new offices for the partisans holding o-ver.
And yet the gentleman claims for his party that
they are exclusively the friends of law and order!
Jtiit I cannot be detained further on this point, or
stop to notice the course of his party in the State of
Ohio.
If the honorable member is still determined, in a
spirit of self-righteousness, to consider the demo-
crats of Tennessee, worse than the whigs of Penn-
sylvania, I will throw in the whole of this "buck-
snot war," which, he will remember, commenced
in an official proclamation from a whig secretary of
the Commonwealth, calling upon all the faithful
whigs to "treat the election as though it had never been
held"
Is the gentleman willing to quit even on this
score now? If he is, I will proceed to another
point, with the passing remark, that pharisaic com-
placency in a party, like the same spirit in an indi-
vidual, i3 no very commendable virtue, and it is
very frequently mortified by a faithful recurrence
to facts.
The next difficulty is, that we have in our ranks
certain distinguished individuals, who once were
federalists, and belonged to the gentleman's owa
party—mirabiledictu! This, it must beadmitted, was
a grievous offence; but will not my friend, * in the
amiability of his nature, make some little allowance
for "youthful indiscretions?1' For one^ I give them
credit for turning from the error of their ways, into
which circumstances of education had led them,
and consider them more excusable than Mr. Clay,
who was brought up a democrat, and turned feder-
alist. The same gentleman contends that Governor
Polk and his friends did not expect the nomination.
Sir, is this any crime, or offence, if true? But upon
this point my friend is at issue with the respectable
organ of his party in this city, as will be seen by
an article in the National Intelligence of this
morning. I leave him and the Intelligencer to settle
the dispute. No one will cxpcct me to follow him
in his efforts to elevate Mr. Clay, in the character of
an eagle, into the regions of fancy above and beyond
the clouds, where lie scorched his wings so sud-
denly in the rays of the sun, as to fall upon terra
firma in the character of race-horse.
It was an unfortunate comparison that was made
by the gentleman from Tennesse, of the candidate
of the democratic party to a pony, and of his own to
a successful racer, ("Eclipse,") when it was re-
membered that, as often as that "Kclipse" had been
brought into the field, he had been distanced; and on
one occasion, in 1840, was even deemed unworthy
to enter the course at all. [Laughter ]
Gentlemen on the other side were verv much
astonished that democrats should be induced to vote
for a man who, according to their own showing, en-
tertained the same principles and opinions as their
own boasted leaders. Gov. Polk was in favor of a
revenue tariff; and it was the true democratic doc-
trine. They wanted only a tariff for revenue, with
propei discriminations.
He (Mr. B.) was in favor of such a rate of duties
as would keep up a competition between the foreign
producer and th* domestic fabricator, to such an ex-
tent that neither the one nor the other would have it
in his power to impose upon the consumer. This
he considered ^ood and sound democratic doctrine.
Yes, and for this he had the highest authority in the
letter which had been read to-5ay from Gen. Jack-
son himself. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr
Peyton] had said that Gov. Polk had never been
known to swerve a hair's breadth from the doctrines
of General Jackson, and he took it for granted,
therefore, that he would still stand up to them.
Gov. Polk would b ^ found a satisfactory candi-
date to the whole democracy of the Union; and, sir,
I have already heard the first gun of rejoicing from
the "star of the Noi th"—the county of Columbia,
in my district; which is good for a thousand majori-
ty for the democratic ticket. This handbill from
there says: 'Now, by St. Paul, the work goes
bravelyon." It closes by saying:
"The nominations heve sent terror and dismay into the
ranks ol w hiu;eiy. They find that all their 'cut and dry'
thunder against >Ir Van Buren is now unavailable, and con-
sternation appears to have taken bold of them. Pool fel-
lows! a "Waterloo deleal awaits them. So mote it he.*'
The same feeling no doubt exists in the other
counties of the district, and throughout the State.
The democracy will rally to the contest from every
hill and valley, and meet their opponents with some-
thing like the following inquiries concerning their
candidate:
If Clay received in 1824 a less number of votes
for President than any other candidate before the
people, what ground have you for inferring that he
is now an "available" man?
If. in 1828, the people kicked out John Q.. Ad-
ams, and with him said Clay by a majority of near-
ly 200,000, what reason have you for imagining that
he has gained popularity?
If, in 1832, as a nominee of a regular national
convention, Clay received 39.out of 361 votes, how
much favor must he at that time have ■ gained in the
eyes of the people? Must he not have been behind
between 500,000 to 600,000 votes?
If, in 1840, at the great Harrisburg convention, he
was literally beaten off the course by a man far infe-
rior in many respects to his Clayship, how much
popularity had he then acquired to render him avail-
able?
If 23 States have, since 1840, gone in favor of the
democracy—and some of them the strongest, such
as Ohio with 20,000 whig majority, and New York
with some twenty more—how much has Mr. Clay
gained since 1840?
If, in the "banner State," where Clay resides, the
whigs have come within an ace of defeat at the last
election, how can you expect to elevate him to the
presidency?
Sir, our opponents will find it a difficult task to
answer these interrogatories even to their own satis-
faction; and they will not be able to keep up their
present game of brag—they will have to give it up,
and strike their colors to our standard bearers,
whose claims I have not time to set forth as I could
wish. Those wishing information of the character
and views of James K. Polk, will find them delinea-
ted in the Democratic Review for May, 1838; and a
notice of Mr. Dallas in the same work for February,
1844. Those notices have recently been republished,
and will be in the hands of all who are desirous of
information in relation to the distinguished individ-
uals destined to be elected to the presidency and vice
presidency of the United States.
It will there be seen that our standard bearer in
our march to certain victory, is the bosom-friend
and neighbor of General ANDREW JACKSON,
the chosen associate and disciple of the veteran of
the Hermitage. He is a democrat without fear and
above reproach, unsullied by a stain, either in his
private or public character. In the most fearful and
trying periods of our political history, he distinguish-
ed himself as a pure patriot, and an able statesman.
During the memorable "panic session" of Congress,
when the United States Bank convulsed the country
by its war upon the people and their representa-
tives, Col. Polk gallantly bore the brunt of the bat-
tle, and emerged victoriously from the conflict. As
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means, he
was peculiarly exposed to the malevolent assaults of
tire money power; and never did man in a similar
emergency acquit himself with greater ability and
firmness. In the responsible position of Speaker
of the national House of Representatives, he also
won golden opinions from all men. He was subse-
quently made the candidate of the democracy of
Tennessee for the office of governor, and with an
overwhelming majority against his party, he suc-
ceeded in overcoming all opposition, and carried the
republican flag to an honorable victory. Col. Polk
is familiarly known, throughout the length and
breadth of the Union, as one of the ablest public
debateis that ever sat in her parliamentary councils,
and his reports m Congress also testify to his com-
manding talents as a writer. A report made by him
during the Jackson bank war, sustaining that great
measure of the illustrious hero, the removal of the
deposites, has attained a high rank among our na-
tional State papers, and won far its distinguished
author imperishable renown. He is in all his rela-
tions, publfc and private, wholly unexceptionable to
the American democracy, and worthy to occupy the
highest office in the gift of a free people.
It will also be found that the distinguished candi-
date for the vice presidency, Mr. Dallas, is a native
of Philadelphia, and the elder son of Alexander J.
Dallas, Secretary of the Treasury under Mr. Madi-
son. As early as 1813, Mr. Dallas accompanied
Albert Gallatin, minister to St. Petersburg, as his
confidential secretary, under the appointment of
Mr. Madison. In August, 1814, Mr. Dallas re-
turned to the United States, bearing the despatches
from the American commissioners then holding
their sessions at Ghent. In 1817, he was appointed
deputy attorney general for the city of Philadel-
phia, and soon gave evidence of all those legal
adornments that iave since won their way to envia-
ble renown. Having been among the first in Penn-
sylvania to espouse the cause of General Jackson;
that illustrious patriot, on his election to the presi-
dency, appointed him district attorney of the United
States, la the year J828, he was chosen to ths
