662
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfifi.
Jiine, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sfess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Bidlack.
H. of Reps.
Who is held up by the whig party as the most
consistent, honest, and patriotic public man in the
nation? Henry Clay !!!
Who opposed the United States Bank in 1811, as
an institution unconstitutional, inexpedient, and dan-
gerous? Henry Clay.
Who has been foremost in denouncing and abus-
ing Andrew Jackson for putting down that institu-
tion? Henry Clay.
Who, shortly after our last war with Great Brit-
ain, spoke of General Jackson, as one "who has
shed so much glory on our country—one whose re-
nown constitutes so great a portion of the moral
property of the nation?" Henry Clay.
Who has been endeavoring for nearly twenty
years past to tarnish the hard-earned reputation of
the patriot Jackson, "whose renown constitutes so
great a portion of the moral property of the na-
tion?" Henry Clay.
Who declared that he would rather war, pesti-
lence, and famine, shauld visit our shores, than that
a military man should be elected President of the
United States? Henry Clay.
Who afterwards told his friends that they would
do him a particular favor by voting for Gen. Harri-
son, a military chieftain? Henry Clay.
Who was held up by his friends as the father of
the protictive system? Who declared thai he had
cherished that system with paternal fondness? Who
quarrelled with democratic senators, because they
consented to a reduction of the high tariff in 183&
Henry Clay.
Who now endeavors to convince 'the Georgians,
through Dr. Bronson, that he regards, and has al-
ways regarded, a high tariff as eminently dangerous?
Henry Clay.
Who disputed the patriotism and veracity of John
Quincy Adams a little upwards of twenty years
ago? Henry Clay.
Who helped to make John CUiincy Adams Presi-
dent, and then accepted office under his administra-
tion with the question of veracity between them still
unsettled? Henry Clay.
Who joined a masonic society in very early life,
and continued amemberof it for nearly thirty years,
attending its meeting quite freqently during his mem-
bership, going through about six degrees, and on
one important and interesting occasion acting as
orator for the lodge to which he belonged? Henry
Clay.
Who wrote a letter to the anti-masons, declaring
that, in early life, he became a mason through
youthful curiosity, and that he never had a taste for
the mysteries of the order? Henry Clay.
Who spoke of Francis P. Blair, the present edi-
tor of the Globe, as a personal friend with whom he
differed in political sentiment with the deepest pain?
Henry Clay.
He must have thought of the maxim of a Roman
consul three thousand years ago, concerning the
difference between a candidate before and after an
election; or that he was only speaking, like Mr.
Clay, on some occasions for the South, and had
another opinion for the North, as is exemplified
in the following verses:
"Ci.iy—his TWO Tones.—Tlio following parody i'-' one of
tlie best hits of the season. Mr. Clay is surely the grandest
specimen of a hypocrite in the universe:
From the Goshen (la) Democrat.
ORATOR CLAY.
BV DR. E. W. H. ELLIS.
Orator Clay had two tones m his voice;
The one squeaking thus, and the other down so;
And mighty convenient he found them both—
The squeak at the top and the guttural below.
Orator Clay looked up to the North;
"I'm for a tariff'PROTECT] VE," said he;
But he turned to the Soxith with his other tone!
"A tariff (or revenue only't will be'*"
Orator Clay to the North, with a squeak:
"I'm for a Bank, for a National BANK!'*
Orator Clay to his friends at the South:
"I confess r y opinions are not vtry rank!"
Orator Clay was a Mason of note-
Not a secret, a sign, nor a word, did he slip;
But Orator Clay all his secrets forgot,
And really couldn't remember the gitp!
Thus to all orders, professions and creeds,
Orator Clay gave atone of his voice:
Why shouldn't all men of all parties agree,
WJiile every one found him the man of his choice?
Orator Clay was in want of some votes-
Candidates say it's a terrible want;
But in spite of his squeak and his guttural notes,
The people have sworn that "come it" he can't.
This reminds me that Mr. Clay is in favor of a
jia'ional bank. Does my colleague think this will re-
commend him to the people of Pennsylvania where
that institution has been the cause of so much
wide spread ruin and misery? No, sir; no. He
must look for some other recommendation. Will he
find it in the coalition by which he secured the
office of Secretary of State; or because, after that
coalition, he abandoned all the republican principles
that he had previously advocated, and thenceforth
became the champion of old fashioned federalism;
or because his election would restore -all the meas-
ures of the administrations of both the elder and
youngar Adams; or because he took the lead in the
attacks upon the generally-approved administration
of General Jackson: or that he was the authorof the
inmamous resolution in the Senate of the United
States, declaring General Jackson guilty of an im-
peachable offence against the constitution, and
urged the adoption of that resolution in the
Senate, the only tribunal where such an offence was
triable—thus making himself the accuser and judge?
Will not the State that gave her fifty thousand for
Gen. Jackson, "the noblest Roman of them all,"
spurn from her his accuser, and rally around the gal-
lant Polk who so nobly defended him? Yes, sir, yes;
you may depend upon that. The people of Penn-
sylvania know right well, sir, the friendship and
confidence that always existed between the defender
of New Orleans and the present democratic nomi-
nee, who is a worthy son of a worthy sire; of whose
ancestors it has well been said, they took up arms
in defence of their country six months before war
was commenced, and did not lay them down until
a year after its termination. No wonder that "Young
Hickory1' is in favor of Oregon and the lone star of
Texas too. He comes honestly by his aversion to
British encroachments and British aggression.
The gentleman must look in some other quarter
for encouragement. Does he see it or hear it in the
heartfelt rejoicing on the part of the democracy
wherever the nomination lias been announced?
Does he hear it in the resolutions of confirmation
passed in his own city by the largest meeting ever
convened in Independence square?
Allow me, sir, for the benefit of the whigs in gen-
eral, and my colleague in particular, to read some of
those resolutions:
"Resolved, That in the proceedings of the Baltimore coa-
vpntiow w e have beheld the summer storm w hich purifies
the atmosphere, succeeded by the bursting forth of the glo-
rious sun, the harbinger of a bright and cloudless day.
"Resolved, That we do cordially accept and confirm the
nominations made by that convention, feeling assured that
they will be hailed with hearty and enthusiastic approba-
tion throughout the Union—the nominees being statesmen
ofapproved public integrity and private worth, well calcu-
lated to call forth and concentrate the votes of the great
democratic partv, and do honor to its choice by an able and
faithful discharge of the important duties which we are
willing to confide in their hands."
These are the sentiments that will spread like
wild fire throughout the whole expanse of this wide
republic, until the whole democratic family shall be
warmed up to vigorous efforts, which will result in
certain victory. Is the gentleman encouraged by
the thunder of the first gun from old democratic
Berks, proclaiming that old Berks will surpass all
her former efforts, and pledging the Keystone State
for 25,000 majority?
Does he find any encouragement in knowing that
Berks, the residence of Mr. Muhlenburg, the well
deserved popular candidate for governor, and the
bosom friend of Jackson and Polk, will itself give
4,000 or 5,000 majority?
My colleague sees cause of rejoicing in the alleged
want of cnthnsiam with which he thinks he discov-
ers this nomination has been received. He must
"have optics keen." Does he infer it by contraries?
Has he not read the reverse in all the papers from
our State which have reached us since the nomina-
tion was made? Can he not read it in the papers
from other States?
The Democratic Union, a spirited and efficient
paper at Hanisburg, Pennsylvania, says:
"Our cause is just—Our union complete.
"The nominations of Polk and Dallas are received by the
democratic pres* throughout the country, with expressions
of universal delight. Never, within our political expe-
rience, have we witnessed a more general burst of enthu-
siasm."
The veteran and accomplished Ritchie of the
Richmond Enquirer, thus nobly vouches for the
Old Dominion:
"Mr. Polk's nomination has heen received at Richmond
with enthusiasm. It heals all divisions; unites our party
with bands of iron. It thwarts ever} hupe w hich the whigs
had indulged of discord and divisions. It blasts the election
of Mr. Clay, and saves our country from the sceptre of the
dictator. Mr. Polk is true to all our republican principles,
and he is the friend of Texas. We shall go into the encoun-
ter with renovated spirits, and with Indomitable energies.
He will carry Virginia by thousands, and the Union by an
overwhelming majority."
The Washington^ Spectator, (Mr. Calhoun's or-
gan,) thus declares its satisfaction:
"Although Mr. Polk's nomination wast most unexpected
by us—as indeed it must have been to most of our readers—
yet we hail it with the most cordial and sincerc approba-
tion We hail it as the first! rnits of that harmony, concert,
and thorough union, which a.e returning to our party, and
under whose influence we shail go forth to battle, animated
and strengthened with the conviction, that under these bless-
ed auspices we can triumphantl} elect him."
The New York Plebeian, on°. of the leading organs
of Mr. Van Buren, in the Empire State, expresses
itself perfectly satisfied, and say*
"Thus we see that our candidate fo>' the presidency has
filled various honorable stations m the councils of the na-
tion, and the highest office in the gift ef the people of his
State. And he is destined shortly to be elevated to the
highest of all earthly stations. Mr. Polk's private character
is as pure as his public life has been exalted; and the coun-
try does not furnish a man of more pure, ind steadfast devo-
tiin to the great and fundamental principles of our repub-
lican government than James K Polk, the personal and po-
litical friend of Andew Jackson and Martin Van Buren "
The Globe magnanimously sacrifii es all its pre-
dilections in favor of Mr. Van Buren on the altar of
the common good, and proclaims itp high satisfac-
tion with the nominations of Polk an d Dallas.
The Pennsylvanian unrols the flag of the regular
nominees with the remark, that—
"There are no better men—none more tuily democratic,
honest, and courageous—none more free from stain, or more
unassailable by calumny."
The Pennsylvania Argus, a most zealous and effi-
cient Cass paper heretofore, has now, with its accus-
tomed ability and energy, nailed the nomination to
its mast head. The same may be said of every
democratic paper which has come to my notice; but
as I have no more before me, I cannot refer to them:
while, on the other hand, at least rule whig paper
in Pennsylvania, the "Luminary" lu.s deserted Mr.
Clay, and prominent whigs in Pennsylvania have
likewise.
For the purpose of showing how tnis nomination
will be received everywhere, take '.he following
example. When Mr. Mellville was addressing the
immense ratification in New York, he said:
"Ifwedobut half as much for the cause as the
cause will do for us, we will most assuredly tri-
umph. [Cheers.] Let us go into this contest heart
and hand; with an inveterate spirit of determination
that causes its opponents to give ground. We do
not recognise the existence of any such word as
"fail." [Cheers.] I have carefully examined the
democratic dictionary, the last edition, 1844; and
there is no such words as "fail" m it. [Laughter,
and tremendous cheering.] To use a strong Saxon
idiom, I feel it in my very bones that we will beat
them—[terrific cheering.] We will establish a per-
manent democratic ascendency, under our chosen
standard bearers, Polk and Dallas—[great cheering]
 theaceomplished Pennsylvanian, and the young
hickory tree of the great and growing West. [Great
cheers.] The old Keystone has never furnished
the Union with either President or Vice President,
and it causes her to feel badly, and she caneot avoid
complaining. But let her be easy and contended.
She should not complain, for she is going to fur-
nish one now. [Cheers.] As for James K. Polk,
the next President of the United States, we, the un-
terrified democracy of New York, will re-baptize
him; we will give him a name such as Andrew
Jackson won in the baptism of fire and blood at
New Orleans; we will re-christen him. Hereafter
he shall be known by the name that we now give
him—it is Young Hickory. [Here the cheering
was deafening, and eontmued for some moments.
A voice—"you're a good twig of Old Hickory too"
—laughter, and renewed cheering.] We have had
oneohl hickory tree. Its trunk is yet green and
ur.decayed. Sixteen millions of Americans have
reposed under its shade in peace and happiness.
It is yet vigorous—but it cannot live forever. And
now, to take its place, is springing up at its very
side a tall and noble sapling, it imbibes its nour-
ishment from the same soil. It flourishes in the
same atmosphere. It springs from the same staunch
old democratic stock, it is heart of oak and sound
to the core. It grew originally upon the same Car-
olinian ground. Like it, it was early transplanted
to the West. There it has struck its root wide and
deep. It will yet be cradled in the tempest and
rocked by the storm. Storm and tempest will alike
beat against it in rain. Its growth cannot be
checked. It is destined to reach a correspondent
elevation with the parent stem.
