June, 1844.
APPENDIX -TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Jlppropriaiton Bill—Mr. Bidlack.
H. of Reps.
"We and our children will yet live in prosperity
under the broad branches of this one young hickory
tree. On the 4th day of March next, that young
hickory will be transplanted by the people to the
people's house at Washington; and you and I, and
all of us, will assist in that transplanting. [Enthu-
siastic and long-continued cheering followed this
very happy burst.] We are going into this fight on
the great and fundamental principle of a philoso-
pher—greater than the groves of the academy can
boast—a native-born, homespun, and backwoods
philosopher—Davy Crockett. [Roars of laughter.]
The principle that he has given to the world has the
advantage of combining in itself the sum and
essence of all practical -wisdom: "Be always sure
you are right, then go ahead." We are sure that
we are right; are we not? [Terrific cheering.]
Well, then, we arc right, and we are going ahead;
and all the federalism and whigery in the land can-
not stop us. [Cheers.] The indomitable democra-
cy of New York have, by this overwhelming dem-
onstration, set an example to the whole Union; and
we call upon the democracy everywhere to respond
to it in like spirit and in like manner. We now
proclaim from what is left of the State of Maine—
what Webster and Ashburton, and other highly
respectable gentlemen, have left of it—[groans]—to
Georgia, and from the Atlantic to the farthest con-
fines of Oregon and Texas, that we are united, and
once more stand shoulder to shoulder. [Great
cheering.] Past divisions are healed. Former ani-
mosities buried and forgotten. We are all brethren.
Our only aim—our only endeavor in this coming
contest will be to emulate each other in penetrating
farthest, and striking deepest into the ranks of the
common enemy. [Cheers.] Our signal of battle is
identical in spirit,, and almost in language, with that
which animated the haughty islanders at Waterloo,
when they rushed to that final and irresistible charge
that sealed the fate of Europe. Let our war-cry
echo far and wide. The democratic war-cry is,
Up, democrats, and at them!"
But the gentleman from Illinois finds some en-
couragement in the fact that Gov. Polk has not
always been successful in his own State. Does the
gentleman forget that Mr. Clay has often tried, and
always been repudiated. He read also to show that
Mr. Polk was no duelist; but could act with Chris-
tian forbearance. Sir, can the gentleman imagine
this is to be a disqualification? Must a candidate be
set aside as unworthy because his hands are not red
with the blood of his victims, and because he is not
under bonds to keep the peace? There is no more ne-
cessity of a candidate for the presidency being a
duelist than there is for his being a gambler. The
gentleman must look for more substantial objections
against Gov. Polk than the insinuation that he never
endeavored to commit murder, or encouraged it in
others. Shade of the murdered Cilley! has it come
to this? The gentlemen from Illinois and from Ten-
nessee, who also allude to it, will perhaps next ob-
ject to Mr. Polk that he is not a gambler, and has
never desecrated these halls with oaths of profanity;
and has never, in a passion, said to a member, "Go
home, God damn you! where you belong," as Mr.
Clay said to Gov. Polk. Gov. Polk will now take
the advice, and go to the white house.
But it is said our candidate must not be elected
because some one was opposed to his nomination
for the vice presidency, and expressed an unfavora-
ble opinion of him for that office as compared with
another candidate. But what were the opinions ex-
pressed of Mr. Clay by a circular issued by the
whigs themselves, which I promised to refer to?
In 1840, (says the Democratic Banner,) the fed-
eralists of New York and the New England States
were so well assured that Henry Clay never could
be elected President, that they addressed "a circular
to the whig party," from which I take the following
extract:
"Herein the friends of Mr. Clay have mafle a fatal mistake.
In their love for him they forget that a battle is to be fought.
Enthusiasm will not always overpower SUPERIORITY OF
NUMBERS. If it coulil, Mr. Clay would have been Fresi-
dent long ago.
"If Mr. Clay runs, he will meet wi'h opposition from old
party antagonists whose heads have grown gray in political
iniquity
"The old JACKSON MEN will oppose him.
♦'The violent ANTI-MASONS will oppose him.
"The Irishmen, who have already denounced him for
HIS ATTACK ON OX'ONNELL, w ill oppose him
"The enemies of the UNITED "STATES BANK will op-
pose him.
"The WESTERN SQUATTERS w ill oppose him
"The southern ST4.TE "RIGHTS MEN w ill oppose him.
(So say several leading whig pypers in Georgia)
"Now, in thk vul of Hi am^j, shu.l we rl'n" 1hf. m?k
of this opposriiov, tee.'"'
" 'Now, in the name of Heaven,' can we 'swal-
low' him now any more than we could then?" ex-
claimed a consistent whig who read this article a few
days since. Will the gentleman inform the public
what Mr. Clay has done since 1840 to produce such
a reversion of public sentiment in his favor as it is
asserted there has been?
These were the opinions contained in the circular.
What are the opinions expressed of Mr. Clay by
some of the leading whigs?
General Harrison's opinion of Henry Clay;
"I will do my duty, even if Mr. Clay is to be benefited by,
it, from whom I have experienced only UNGENEROUS
TREATMENT, IN REQUITAL FOR YEARS OF DE-
VOTED SERVICE."
General Harrison's letter to .Mr. Brent, in the
winter of 1841;,
"I fcave done him (Mr. Clay) many favors, but he has re-
turned them all with the BLACKEST INGRATITUDE."
What says Mr. Bcla Badger—not Bela, I beg par-
don—but another Badger, Mr. George E. Badger?
"Mr. Clay, of Kentucky, was one of the four candidates
for President; but, having the lowest number of electoral
votes, wras excluded from the House. The State from which
he came had instructed her members, in the ev ent which
had then happened, to support General Jackson; but, under
the influence of Mr. Clay, a man of intrigue, and of elo-
quence, of unbounded ambition, and of talents above me-
diocrity, these members, with those of other western States,
voted for Mr. Adams, and his election was the result. Im-
mediately after his elevation, Mr. Adams appointed Mr Clay
Secretary of State, m power a d influence the second sta-
tion of our government, and generally thought to be an in-
troduction to the first.
"Between these two gentlemen there had been previously
neither confidence nor affection ; and Mr Clay had publicly-
expressed, in language not to be misunderstood, a disbelief
of Mr. Adam's political integrity and patriotism.
"Thus, then, as we conceive, it sufficiently appears that
Jackson, the man of the people, was, at the last election,
-defeated, not upon any considerations of comparative merit
between M:\ Adams and himself, but in order that Mr. Clay
might be Secretary of State, and heir apparent to the presi-
dency. And can it be seriously contended that you ought,
or that you properly can. give your sanction to this apostacy
from principle—your support to this ambitious project? Be-
cause Mr Clay once forgot his duty, and imposed upon the
nation a President whom the nation did not desire, ought
you to forget your interests and your rights, offer a reward
to treachery, and thus set an example fatal to the fair and
equal operation of our constitution?''—Address to thepeoplt
of North Carolina in 1S28, written by Mr Badger.
Mr. Badger was Secretary of the Navy under
General Harrison, and is now one of Mr. Clay's
warmest supporters in North Carolina. What
honest principle can bring such men together?
It seems, Mr. Chairman, from the following, there
are some whigs who would not condemn a candi-
date for receiving a nomination as a free-will of-
fering, such as has been tendered to Governor Polk.
I quote from the same address to the people of
North Carolina:
"Do we not now see this same Henry Clay, forgetful of
what belongs to his high station. assume the char-
acter of o TRAVELLING SPEECH-MAKER,' haranguing
'public gatherings" at New Orleans, Mobile, Savannah, and
Charleston—sometimes, it has been said, on the SABBATH
DAY—and for what purpose'* None other than TO MAKE
HIMSELF PRESIDENT! How degrading to the high ol-
fice to wnich he aspires' How shocking to the sensibilities
of every patriotic American1"
Another opinion of Henry Clay, expressed by the
honorable George E. Badger:
"You have seen the Secretary of State challenging to
-mortal combat a member of Congress for daring, m his
place on the floor of the Senate, to examine with freedom,
and expose with boldness, the conduct of the secretary.
You have seen the same officer, forgetful of what belongs
to his high station. ASSUME THE CHARACTER OF A
TRAVELLING SPEECH-MAKER, and harangue public
gatherings in Kentucky, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, boast-
ing of his intrepidity and virtue, and discharging his malig
nity towards Jackso'n, sometimes in gross abuse, and some-
times in impious appeals to Heaven."
Opinion expressed by the Boston Atlas (the
leading whig paper of Massachusetts) of Henry
Clay:
"We -supported him [Clav] on^e for the presidency. AND
WOULD 1)0 SO AGAIN "WERE WE NOT, IN SO DO-
ING, ALMOST SURE OF DEFEAT BUT MR. CLAY
IS DEFICIENT IN POPULARITY. *
Mr. Clay's influence failed to sustain J. Q. Adams in the
presidential chdir. With all the efforts made to elect Mr.
Clay himself in 183*2, h« succeeded in obtaining only forty-
nine electoral votes; and, in the election of 1836, himself and
his friends were so well satisfied of his deficiency m popular
favor, that thev did not attempt to run him at all Is vor
this dkctsuf. fmdfxcr as 10 mr. cuv's popularit\? '—
The Atlas of Sept 14, 1S38.
••That Mr. Clay is the chosen candidate of the aristocracy
of the whig pany. i«s unquestionable; and it is equaiU un-
questionable that very earnest and 7ealous effort^ will be
made to impose him upon the whigs as their candidate. It
is> also certain that Mr ( lay is not the choice of the democ-
racy of the whig party. .Apart from other sufficient rea-
sons, therefore, w hich we shall give hereafter, the very
{act that Mr f lav is the darlinp; of the aristocratic whigs. or
rather the very cause wh eh make's him <-n. operates m the
nature of things, to prejudice him in the eyes of the demo-
cratic whigs, and to lead thein to fix their choice upon some
other candidate."—The Jitlas, -of Nov. 20, 1838.
©pinion of Henry Clay, expressed by the Hon, Thomas
Butler King, a leading whig of Georgia, in 1840.
"He (Mr. Clay) has recently hoisted the flag of a fifty mil-
lion bank. This is his last great move for the presidency.
He says, in language not to be misunderstood, to commer-
cial and manufacturing interests of the North, 'Make me
President, and I will give you a bank of fifty millions. He
was the father of the American system, and now^seeks to
be the father of a national bank. SUCH A PROGENY,
LEAGUED WITH SUCH A PARENT, WOtLD CON-
SOLIDATE THE UNION IN AN UNMITIGATED DES-
POTISM, OR BREAK IT INTO FRAGMENTS."
Webster^s opinion of Mr. Clay.
"Henry Clay has too many heresies about him ever io
gain my support."
These opinions from leading men of his own
party might be multiplied almost ad infinitum. Let
us now give a specimen from the declarations of dis-
tinguished democrats:
Jefferson*s opinion of Mr. Clay.
"Henry Clay is merely a splendid orator, without any
valuable knowledge from experience or study, or any DE-
TERMINED PUBLIC PRINCIPLES, founded in political
science, either practical or theoretical."
Randolph's opinion of Mr. Clay.
"He is talented, but corrupt. He stinks and-shines, and
shines and stinks, like a rotten mackerel by moonlight."
Jackson's opinion of Mr. Clay.
"Under such circumstances, how contemptible does this
demagogue appear, when he descends from his high place-
in the Senate, and roams about the country retailing slan-
ders upon the living and the dead."
These opinions might be continued in the , same
manner; but I forbear, not desiring to disturb too
far the self-complacency of my whig friends. I will
only refer to the following:
The Eastern Argus hits off the whig nominee
for the presidency with scorching accuracy. It
describes the following as the traits of character
which, m the estimation of the whigs, constitute the
neplus vltra of "availability:"
"A CHRISTIAN who has three or four times shown his
bravery by attempting to take away the life of hisjellow-
men in advel. , , , x .
"A STATESMAN who is for a high proteetive.tarin m
the North, for a horizontal tanft' in the middle States, and
for free trade in the South.
"A CHIEFTAIN who fights duels, and curses worse than
any other man in his State, and who, at the age of 70 years,
is under bonds to keep the peace,
A PHILANTHROPIST who, if he cannot have BLACK
slaves, is determined to turn his fellow-men into WHITE
ones! , ,
"A REPUBLICAN, whose wife and daughters are too
good to work in the kitchen.
A DEMOCRAT who, by a base coalition, CHEATED
General JACKSON out of his election in 18525.
"A POLITICIAN who joins each and every faction, how-
ever.discordant their sentiments, and secretly pledges him-
self to each to carry out his designs.
"A GENTLEMAN who says to the Speaker of Congress,
(Col Polk) 'Go home, G—d d—n you, where you belong.'"
"Such are the qualifications which constitute Mr Clay a
Simon Pure jnthe eyes of ooonism, and entitle him to their
support. What say the people1"
Now, sir, I wish you to take notice that this de-
bate has been forced upon us by the whigs. They
have provoked us to carry the war into Africa, to
place them and their, candidate on the defensive.
vV'e have done so, and we will keep him there.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Peyton]
represents our candidate as a "bob-tail pony,
and a "grovelling duck in the ditch," while theirs
is represened as a gallant race-horse at one
moment and at the next a ''towering eagle flying
through the sun." Of him, for myself, I express
no opinion—because I have but a poor one; but for
the purpose of clipping a little the wings of this
"eagle," I show you what friends and foes have
said of him.
Some of the whigs pretend that they do not know
"who this James K. Polk is." Well if they want
to see him, they will find him at the White House
after the 4th of March next. It is true he re not so
notorious for some things as their candidate is; and
it is not part of my business to enlighten wilful ig-
norance; yet, as I am in a good humor, and desire
to be accommodating as possible, I will call one wit-
ness to the stand to testify concerning his know-
ledge of Mr. Polk. As I have only time to examine
one witness, I will produce one that the whigs can
crive no good reason for disbelieving; I will refer
them to the letter of John Banks, late whig candi-
date for governor in Pennsylvania. I suppose my
colleague knows him. The following letter was ad-
dressed to Speaker Polk, by Judge Banks, at the
time Mr. Banks resigned his seat in Congress:
"Man h 31 J**;.
"Sik: In communicating to ; on my 1 c.tiir.ui
; refrain iroin assuring you ot the m-vy higk < I n\.„u:>
