CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
640,
Mr. ELMER proposed to amend by substituting one hour
and a-haif.
The question being put on the motion to suspend the
rules, it was negatived} and the rules were not suspended.
Mr. BOTTS then rose, and after expressing his acknowl-
edgments to the House, for permitting him the privilege of
occupying the floor, even for one hour, in attempting to es-
tablish his claims to a seat, proceeded with his argument.
He spoke upwards of an hour, going into an examination of
the rights of various classes oi persons, whose votes were
rejected, and into an elucidation of the laws of the State of
Virginia, and of the general government, on the subject of
the elective franchise
Mr. J. W. JONES followed in reply to his competitor,
and in defence of his right to his seat
Mr. ELMLR said, as some explanation of the action of
the committee might perhaps be expected from him, he
woul.d trouble the House with a very few brief remarks.
He trusted the House would be as unanimous in its decision
of this question as the committee had been. He argued that
the committee could not have come to any other conclusion
than they did, even if they had followed the requirements of
the contesting candidate [Mr. Botts] himself, in regard to
tbe allowance or rejection of votes. And he said luither,
that it was a case which ought never to have come before
the House, for there was no good ground on which the seat
of Mr. Jones could be contested. He went into an explana-
tion of the case at some length, and also of the action of the
committee thereon.
Mr. NEWTON ftaid both the majority and the minority of
the committee had arrived at the same result respecting the
right of the sitting member, but he went on to show that the
contest on the part of Mr. Botts was not vexatious, nor
frivolous.
Mr. HAMLIN also addressed the House, and complained
of the course pursued by the minority of the Election Com-
mittee. He concluded by moving the previous question;
which was seconded by the House, and the .main question
ordered to be put.
Mr. HAMMLT called for the yeas and nays on the adop-
tion of the resolution from the majority oi the Committee
of Elections, declaratory of the right of Mr. Jones to his
seat, and they were ordered} and being taken, resulted thus:
yeas 150, nays none.
YEAS—Messrs Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Arrington,
Ashe, Barrmger, Bayly, Belser, Benton, Bidlack, Edward
J. Black, James Black, James A. Black, Biackwell, Boyd,
Brengl®, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, William J.
Brown, Buftington, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Campbell, Jere-
miah E. Gary, Shepherd Cary, Catlin, Reuben Chapman,
Augustus A. Chapman, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, cole«,
Collamer, Cranston, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Garrett
Davis,Richard D. l)a\is, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Deberry, Djlhngham, Douglass, Dromgoole, Duncan, Dun-
lap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Florence, Foster, Goggm, Byram
Green, Hale, Hamlin, Hammet, Haralson, Harper, Hajs,
Henley, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Hubbard, Hubbell, Hud-
son, Hughes, Hungerford, Washington Hunt, James B.
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jameson, <_ ave Johnson, I'er-
ley B Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy, Froston King, Daniel
P. King, Labranehe, Leonaid, Lucas, Lyon, McCauslen,
Maelay, McClelland, McClernand, VcConuell, McKiy,
Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Joseph Moriis, Murphy, New-
ton, Norns, Owen, Parmenter, Patterson, Pa} ne, Pollock,
Elisha K. Potter, Pratt, Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Rathbun,
Charles M. Reed, David S. Reid. Reding, Robinson, Rock-
well, K.ogers, Russell, St John, Sample, Saunders, Senter,
Thomas "H. Seymour, David L. Sej mom, Simons, Simpson,
JohnT. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Stetson, John
Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Sykes, Taylor, Thomp-
son, Tibbatts, Tilden, T>ler, Vance, Weller, Wentworth,
Wethered, Wlieaton, Williams, Wmthrop, Woodward. Jos.
A Wright, and Yost—150.
So the resolution was unanimously agreed to.
Mr. FRENCH desired to vote in the affirmative, but, as he
was not within the bar when his name was called, his name
could not be recorded.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION
BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of the bill making
appropriations lor the civil and diplomatic expenses of gov-
ernment foi the fiscal year ending the 30th day of June,
184-5. the question being on concurring with the amend-
ments made m Committee of the Whote on the state of the
Union.
The amendment fir^t in order was that made on the mo-
tion of Mr J. R. LxosrvsOLL, lor the increase of the item for
the purchase of books for the Libiary of Congress, iiom
$2,50v; to £0,000, the usual amount appropriated.
Mr. C JOHNSON called fox the yeas and nays, and they
were ordered, and resulted thus: yeas 73. na> s 31.
' So the House refused to mciease the appropriation
The next amendment was that proposed by Air Pkai t, as
follows:
For annual repairs of the Capitol, attending lurnaces and
water-closets, lamp-lighting, ojl, L.boiers on the Capitol
grounds, tools, keeping jron'pipe? and wooden fences in or-
der attending at western gates, and topdressmg for plants,
for trees and plants, repairs of public stables, pumps, flag-
king. enclosures, extra labor in removing snow, &c., for ta-
king down and rebuilding four chimneys on the Capitol, for
onAmlkhead containing ox lights, baize door-;, complete,
lor one large fan-light anOirame, 10 feet by f>, containing 37
light*, and lor three additional lamps for the Capitol, and al-
teration m water-work and ti<h - - £9,09-1 00
For annual repairs of the President's house, gar-
dener's salary, laborers, cartage, tools, ma-
nure and straw ior topdressmg. ior repuiis of
copper-roof, new floor to basement story,
chimney tops, trees for Fountain square and
Pennsylvania avenue, and for repairs of tence
at Laia> ette square, tountoin square, and
President's garden • " " 3,177 00
For salary of public gardener - - 1,200 00
For flagging in front, and the court on the west
side of the Treasury building _ . 3,655 00
*or repairing damage done to iron pipes by
freshet, and fixing jet d'eau - - 1,800 00
For repairing the figure in the tympanum of the
Capitol - - - - 200 00
For painting the Capitol - . - 10,000 00
For painting the President's house - - 4,500 00
For removing Persico's statues fro'm the navy-
yard to the Capitol, preparing the pedestal,
erecting the statues, and enclosing the same
with iron railing - 1,350 00
For painting, glazing, and whitewashing the Post
office - - • . 386 00
For furniture for the President's house, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President,
in addition to the proceeds of sale of such do-
dayed furniture as he may direct to be sold - 20,000 00
Mr. HARALSON desired that the rote should be taken
upon the difterent branches of the amendment separately.
The question was accordingly put upon the first branch,
and it was adopted.
Mr. ADAMS proposed again the amendment which he had
offered in committee, to appropriate $1,000, for the erection
of a monument to Gen. McComb.
The SPEAKER said, as the amendment had been ruled out
of order in committee, and had not been reported, it could
not be entertained
On the second branch of the amendment, "for annual
repairs" &.c.
A division was called; and no quorum voting, tellers were
demanded, and Messrs Wi^throp and Hopkins were ap-
pointed, who reported SO in the affirmative, and 36 in the
negative.
'I he amendment was agreed to.
The third branch was agreed to, of follows: '
For salary of public gardener, $1,200.
On the fourth, as follows:
For flagging in front, and the court on the west side of the
treasury building, and fixing jet d'eau, $3,65o.
Mr. G. W. JONES called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and being taken, w ere yeas 46, nays 103.
The amendment was not concurred in
The next branch, for repairing damage done to iron pipes
by freshet, and fixing jet d'eau $1S00, was agreed to, on a di-
vision—yeas 66, nays 16
The next, for repairing the figure in the tympanum of the
Capitol, was agreed to.
On the next item, for painting the Capitol, $10,000,
Mr. McDOWEl.L demanded the yeas and nays, and they
were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas 40, nays ill.
So the amendment was not agreed to
The next branch, for painting the President's House, was
negatived.
The next was agreed to, as follows: for removing Persi-
co's statues fiont the Na\) Yard to the Capitol, piepanng
tbe prdestal, erecting the statues, and enclosing the same
with iron railing, $1,350.
The next was adopted, as follows: for painting, glazing,
and whitew ashing the Post Office.
On the last branch of the amendment, for furniture, &,c.
The yeas and na\ s were ordered, and being taken, were—
yeas 35, nays 122.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The amendments allowing additional clerks in the First
Comptroller's office, and an increase ol appropriation fiom
$2,200 to $4,000 for laborin the southeast executive building,
were concurred in. Also the amendment making an ap-
propriation of $30 000 for a naval hospital at New Orleans,
and some other mconsideiable appropriations for various
purposes
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the \casand nays on the
amendment made in Committee of Whole, on the motion
of Mr. Houston, making appropriations for various survey-
or's offices in some of the western States: and they were
ordered, and resulted thus—yeas 41, nays 116.
So the amendment was rejected.
Various other amendments were concurred in, without
any objection.
Mr. HOLMES then moved an adjournment, on which
the yeas and nays were called, and resulted thus—yeas b4,
nays 75.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Fkipw, June 7, 1544
Mr. SEMPLE presented a petition from the latter-da}
Saints of Missouri, stating that the governor of that State
had expelled them at the point of the bayonet, and praj mg
lora liberal grant of land? in one of the 1 eiritone^, whereon
to set themseh es up again: refeiredto the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr STURGEON presented a memorial from citizens of
Philadelphia, sirrularto that be piecented yesterday, pray-
ing for such an alteration of the naturalization law as will
require of foreigners a residence for 21 years after their dec-
laiation of intention to become citi/ens, before they can be
entitled to the rights and prn ileges of native born citi/ens:
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WOODBURY presented the memonal of a special
meeting of th? association of American geologists held at
Cincinnati, praying Congress to have the repoit and ac-
companying maps. made a few years back bj David_ Djile
Ow en, of the survey of the western mineral region, printed:
referred to tic Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHOATE presented the repoit of the Committee on
•' the Library, on the subject of the national institute.
.Also a bill (the title to which was not heard) wl^ch was
read once and ordered to a second reading.
t And, pursuant to notice yesterdaj given, Mr C ?skel
j and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the purchase and
/ constiuction of Professor Morse's electro-magnetic tele-
graph, from the city of Baltimore to the city of New York:
^v.read twice, and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
Mr. ARC HER presented a petition, very numerously
signed by citizens of Norfolk. Va. remonstrating against
any interference with the present tariff law: laid on the ta-
ble.
Mr A also presented a memorial from citizens of Phila-
delphia, pravmg for such alteration in the naturalization
law as shall require offoreiguers a residence of twenty-one
years, after filing their declaration of intention to become
citizens, before they can be entitled to the same rights and
privileges as native-born citizens. He had observed that,, in
two or three instances recently, the gentlemen who pre-
sented similar memorials from the same quarter, accompa-
nied them with the expression of their own sentiments on
the subject. Although it was quite an unusual thing Jfor
him, on the occasion of presenting a memorial, to indulge in
any observations, he should now so far depart from this
course, as to remark, in opposition .to the dissent expressed
by those gentlemen, that he entirely concurred with the
memorialists in the prayer of their memorial This was a sub-
ject which, he was sorry to say, had not as yet sufficiently
attracted the attention of the people of the United States.
There was, he thought, a growing combination of circum-
stances, which furnished ample ground for the conclusion,
that the great mass of uneducated foreigners, wholly igno-
rant of the nature and value of our institutions, annually
pouring into the country, could not, within the short peri-
od of five years, fixed by the present law, become fit to ex-
ercise, with a due sense of their value and responsibility,
tho rights and privileges of native-born citizens. The pre-
mature exorcise of such rights had giown to an evil of
great magnitude, of which there had, unhappily, but too re-
cently, been a painful demonstration. 11 no other person
in the national councils should take up this subject, he
would, himself, in the proper time—when that party should
come into power which would give effect to views of sound
policy—introduce some measure such as the memorialists
justly concluded had now become necessary.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr PHELPS presented the petition of Ellen Willard,
widow of Captain Julius Willard, praying for remuneration
lor the use oi her late husband's invention for making shot
by machinery.
The engrossed bill for the relief of Mark Simpson was
read a third time and passed.
The general orders then brought up, as in committee of
the whole, the Senate bill No 8% to provide for the remis-
sion of duties on railroad iron in certain cases, with three
amendments, reported from the Committee on Finance.
The bill was read as follow s:
St it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Untied Stales of Jlmeiican in Congress assembled, That
whenever any iron in bars, fitted and prepared, without
any luither manufacture, to be laid down for permanent
use on any railroarl or inclined plane, shall be imported into
the United States, w ithin the period of five years from the
passage of this act, by any State or incorporated company,
the 'same shall be admitted to entry, upon the giving, by
* said State or company, or its authorized agents, good and
sufficient bonds, with sureties to the satisfaction of the col-
lector of the poit where said lion rna> be imported, for the
payment of the duties chargeable thereon in three years
from the time of such importation, and whenever it shall
be proved, to the satisfaction ol the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, that any of such non has been actually and perma-
nently laid dow n for use on any railroad or inclined plane
in the United States, within the said period of three jears,
he shall cjuse tbe bond given on the importation of the iron
so laid ilown, or so much thereof is applicable to said
iron, to be cancelled and discharged, upon the payment of
all fees and expenses chargeable to the United States by the
officers of the customs w here the same w as imported, in
consequtnce of such importation
Sr c. 2. Jind be itjwtker enacted, That whenever any iron,
fitted and piepaied as descubed in the fust section of this
act, shall have been imported into the United States since
the fourteenth uay of Jul}, one thousand eight hundred and
thirty-two, and shall have been or shall be actually and per-
manently laid down for use on any railioad or inclined
plane in the United States, within three years from the time
of snch impoitation, the Secretary of the Treasury shall be,
and lie is heieb} , authorized and required to remit and re-
fund, out of any roonty in the treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated. the amount of duties which may ha\ e been paid
upon such importations and to cancei and discharge any
bonds given upon such importations, or so much of the same
as is applicable to the iron so laid down, upon payment of
all fees and expenses which may have been paid or may be
payable to any oiticers of the customs, by reason of such
importation
And the following amendments submitted by the Finance
Committee*
in line five, after ''plane," insert "weighing not less than
fifty rounds to the lineal yard.''
Inline six, strike out "rive," and insert "two "
In line seventeen, after "States," insert "not to replace
any other iron removed thereirom
After line twenty-three, insert "Provided, That whenever
an}' such iron, so imported, shall be laid down as aforesaid,
to replace other iron removed from such road, the iron so
laid dow n shall be entitled to the privileges herein confer-
red upon iron laid down not to replace other iron removed,
on the pa} meiit of such duties on the iron so removed as
shall be chargeable, by law, upon old or «crap iron im-
ported into the United States, to be ascertained under such
regulations as shall be prescribed b} the Secretary of the
Tieasuiy.5'
Mr. EVANS explained at considerable length the neces-
sity for this remission of duties. In the course of his re-
n aiks, he stated that he had statistical tables before him,
drawn up in reference to the railroads and canals of the
United States, which showed that up to 1840, about
$100,000,000 had been expended by the States and indrsid-
uals on the construction of railroads m the United States;
v, ith regard to which the only encouragement given by the
general government was the remission ol about $4,500,000
ol" duties on the nou imported foi rails.. It\\as estimated
that up to the present time, the outlay on these railroads had
reached ? 140,000 000, the whole remission of duties amount-
ing to only $0,000,000. The cost of iron for rails in
England, , was from £4 17s 6d to £d pel ton, ($24f to
$25,) and the quantity required per mile, amounted' to
$2,600; while the cost of home manufactured iron per mile,
for other purposes than rails, was also $2,300 per mile. But
no offers had yet been made of furnishing domestic manu-
factured iron for rails, at less than from $55 to $60 per tonj
and jn fact, no rails of this kind were made in this country,
