m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
byareport in writing: ordered that the said bill be com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, reported bills of
the following titles:
A bill for the relief of the estate of Antonio Tachico, de-
ceased.
A bill for the relief of Bennet M. Dell, accompanied by a
report in each case: which bills were read a first and second
time, and committed to a Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow.
Mr. COBB, from the select committee to which was re-
ferred the case of J. W.Nye, assignee of Hugh Stewart and
ofBargy and Van Alstine, made a report thereon, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which bill was read a first
andserond time, and committed to a Committee of the
Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee of Claims, made a re-
port upon the case of Orange H. Dibble, accompanied b> a
joint resolution providing for the adjustment and settlement
of a claim of Orange H. Dibble for losses sustained on Po-
tomac bridge contract; which resolution was read a first
and second time, and committee to a Committee of the
Whole House to-morrow
Mr. BOWLIN, from the same committee, made an adverse
report upon the petition of Harry Richardson; which was
laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND,
Ch det ed, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
from the consideration of the memorial from citizens of
Massachusetts, remonstrating against a repeal of the duty
on salt, and that it be laid upon tne table.
Mr. PHCENIX, from the Committee on Commerce, report-
ed the following resolution:
Resolved, That the House bill "allowing drawback on
foreign merchandise exported in the original packages to
Chihuahua and| Santa Fe, in Mexico, and to the British
North American provinces, adjoining the United States "be
• made the special order for Tuesday next.
Mr. C. J. JNGERSOLL moved to amend, so as to include
the bills in relation to certain reciprocity treaties.
Mr. PHCENIX accepted the amendment as a modification
01 his resolution.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL objected to the making ofanvbilla
special order at this late period of the session.
Mr. J.W. DAVIS moved to lay the resolution on the ta-
ble; which was agreed to.
Mr. McCLELLAND, from the Committee on Commerce
to which was referred the bill from the Senate entitled "An
act providing for the appointment, and regulating the pay
oi engineers and assistant engineers in the revenue sen ice
reported the same without amendment.
Ordered That the said bill bp committed to the Commit-
tee ol the Whole House on the state ofthe Uruon.
Mr. HOLMES, from the same committee, made a report
memorial of Philip J. Fontaine, accompanied bv a
bill for his relief; which was read a first and second time
fho wT™1!- fi? ?- '• Committee of the Whole House on
the State of the Lnion.
Mr. DUNLAP, from the same committee, reported the
agreed to- resolutltm; whlch was read. considered. tand
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he directed to pro-
cure and report to this House, at the next session of Con-
of !\laineSUrVey har)>°r at Cape Porpoise, m the State
L.ABRANCHE, from the Committee on Commerce
reported hack the hill entitled a bill to establish a port of
the ci'y of Lafayette, in the State of Louisiana
which was read a third time. '
ilr. SLIDELL objected lo the passage ofthis bill, and went
extensive "" P0*0™™ "a, sufficiency
Mi WELLER. moved the previous question; which wis
sustained by the House, and the bill w as passed.
Mr. LABRANCHE, from the same committee, to which
ta^tVthe™? 'r6 rSf fr0m the Senate entitled an act relat-
orthe riv u"1.ddlI,S.of foreign merchandise on the right bank
\l 1SS1SS1P]"' opposite New Orleans, reported the
passed am™dment, and it was read a third time and
Mr. L„ from the same committee, reported a bill to an.
first^nn T* sllrvoy of the river Lafourche; which w as read a
„ ' l; r'v:on,i tlme> 8nd committed to the I omr.ntti'e of
the -w hole House on the state of the Union.
i ,om the same committee, reported a bill
wh,latl0n t0 ole,rks lnd othprs in lhe custom-h?,." ,en ic "
the roJ^'i second time, and committed to'
Union °K5e on tlu* sta,c olthe
On motion of Mr. PRESTON' KINO,
fS/?r;cCraH'f0rd( Md of c t vens S
iSISHpatiaBaejaBsg
Bpiftggnuuaaigm
referred from the same committee, to which was
ing titles? resolution from the Senate, of the follow-
ofth^UiIite ? SHTPeCting r°Ceipt' b>- the Treasurer
An aH f m pa? nu'nt for Pl,wic lands; and
Office- reported the8" aCt '°- ,rtorB8n,ze Oener.il Lam)
reported the same w itliout amendment.
time 'aniHliev^' tht" 'Qa'(I r"oI,ltlon and ,li0 read a third
passed J 6 accor<1"ig1y "'ad the third time, and
refeTOd°the bi?iI?R;,from ,thS s?m,! commi«ee, to w hieh w,«
the same ^O^U',, rllei of Hycnth Lassell, reported
ffrLS w\tllout amendment: and it was ordered to he en-
grossed, and was read a third time, and passed t0 w
except a trifle,'perhaps,-by the Mount Savage and Maryland
Iron company, partly for their own use.'. Although this item:
of $2,500 was a very small one in the expenditure of $20,000
permile on constructing Tail-roads, (the general average,)
yet the remission of duty on imported rails had consider-
ably encouraged the extension of the railroad system; and
.She deemed it good policy to continue that encouragement,
■fie home manufacturer of iron would gain by it; because,
for every mile of imported rails laid down, a demand would
be created for the consumption of his own iron; new facili-
ties wouM be afforded for taking his own iron to market,
and an expenditure of $17,500 would be made on American
labor and materials in the construction of the road. It was,
in fact, of the same nature as a remission of duties on raw
materials for the use of domestic manufacturers. Jt could
not be.objeated that vested interests would be injured; for
not one ofthe iron companies of this country had as yet
vested anything inthe manufacture of iron rails. England,
from peculiar causes, now furnished all the world with rail-
road iron: even Russia, the country of iron, imported its
rails from England; so did Germany, France, and Belgium.
The latter country attempted to make its own rails; but after
considerable loss in the attempt, reverted to the importation
of English rails. He understood one of our railroad compa-
nies had (contracted for iron rails from England at £4
(twenty dollars) per ton; which showed that competi-
tion here was out of' the question. This England is
enabled to do in consequence of the vast investments of
capital in her iron works. These companies employ only
their surplus labor, capital, and ore in making these rails;
and they sell them at a loss, but wisely, because, if all this
surplus were thrown into the increase of other articles of
iron, the profits on the main business would be pulled down,
and the loss on the whole would be much greater than it is
on this branch. In fact, the profits on the whole enable
those companies to sustain this loss, which they turn to
their advantage, under their peculiar circumstances.
Mr. E. then explained the amendments proposed by the
committee, which were submitted with a view of rendering
the bill less exceptionable to those who were opposed to it.
Mr. MILLER next obtained the floor; but, as the hour for
the special order was at hand, he moved to go into execu-
tive session.
Mr. BERRIEN asked and obtained a suspension of the
motion while presenting several reports from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The Senate then went into executive session; and after
jsome hours spent therein, adjournad.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridav, June 7, 1814.
The journal of yesterday having been read and ap-
proved,
Mr. McKAY rose and said he hoped the House would con-
sent to postpone the otht'i orders, and proceed with the
appropriation bills It was highly important that those bills
should be disposed of, as there were but eight days of the
session remaining.
Mr. VANCE said he hoped the committees would be al-
lowed to present reports, such as would give rise to no de-
bate.
Mr. C.JOHNSON said he hoped the documents on the
Speaker's tabh- would first be disposed of.
The following communication from the Postmaster Gen-
eral was read:
Post Office Dkpartmilvt, June 7, 1s44.
Sir: Tn the debate which took place m the House of Rep-
resentatives, on the 20th May, as reported in the Intelli-
gencer of the '.list, the Hon. Gakiutt Davis, a member from
Kentucky, in substance, chaiged the undersigned, as Post-
™a,S^r,Pcnoral'with havinS detailed his subordinate, Sam-
uel M. Brown, a special agent of the Post Office Department
tor the Louisiana district, to make a set on him (Mr. Davis)
a candidate for Congress; that Brown left his district and
o/hcial business in confoimity to my orders, and came to the
State of Kentucky into Mr. Davis's district, engaged active-
\n th£ canvass then pending, between Mr. Davis and
Robert Wieklilte, jr., the nephew of the Postmaster Gen-
erah
If this charge, made by a member o{ Congress in his place
m the House oi Keprofcrntathes, be true, 1 am justly ob-
noxious to the condemnation of that body, and subject to
that punishment which is due to an executive officer at the
head oi this department, who shall so lur forgot what is due
to himself and to the public, as to detail his subordinate
oliicer, to leave his station and public duties, and enter ac-
tively or otherwise into a cam ass pending before the peo-
ple, in a content in u hieh his relative may be v p.nt} .
If it be false, he who makes it under the responsibility of
his repiesentatne chaiacter, should be rebuked by a ,ust
public sentiment. J 1
I am prepared to prove the charge untrue, in every seme
oi that term, if an opportunity shall be afforded me bv the
House of Representatives, m that mode which is usual m
such cases.
I hart no knowledge of the fact that Mr. Brown was in
Kentucky, pending the canvass alluded to by Mr. Daus
until I hedi d ol the affray between him and Mr Clay Upon
inquiry, I was informed that ho had been suddenh called
to Kentucky, his place of residence, in consequence of
some domestic affliction m his famiI3,who resided in the
district now represented by Mr Daws.
Ol the fact that he engaged in the canvass between Mr
Robert Wickhfte and Air. Davis, I have no other ovidencc
than the icpoited speech of Mr. Davis.
in the discharge of my official duties, surrounded b\ diffi-
culties and embarrassments such as have not fallen to the
lotolanj of my predecessors, I have made the laws of Con-
gress regulating the department my rule of action. I have
uM"fhthL^SaJet- t0t ad™m<5t(?r *t« complicated concerns
JhepS&tood.81" ° d"VanCe ltS usrful^s. promote
Isubmit respectfully to the consideration of the House ol
Representatives whether it be not due to me J apublic
utotnemseivesandtothe public, that the chare-e
which has been thus publicly and officially madfaiiSt
me bj one of its own members, should be inquired into that
an opportunity may be afforded the accused to manifest his
innocence, and the injustice ofthe charge; or, if his guilt
shall appear, that the punishment due to the offence may be
meted by the appropriate power.
I have the honor to be,
With great respect",
Your obedient servant,
C. A. WICKLIFFE,
Postmaster General.
Hon. John W. Jonfs,
Speaker House Representatives.
Mr. C. JOHNSON rose for the purpose of moving its ref-
erence, but yielded the floor for explanation to
Mr. G. DAVIS. The House would recollect, he said,
that a few days ago he detailed certain facts in relation to
the interference of the Postmaster General in the election
in his State. These facts the Postmaster General had not
controverted, and could not controvert. He would again
read the letter of the Postmaster General, which he trans-
mitted to his agent, instructing him to take part in the elec
tion contest between the nephew of Mr. Wicklifte and him
self.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said he thought there was no necessi-
ty for the gentleman to repeat the charges he had made.
The SPEAKER remarked that there being no question be-
fore the House, debate was not in order.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked the general consent to make an ex-
planation.
Consent was granted; and
Mr. G. DAVIS was proceeding, when
Mr. DAWSON interposed. The remarks of the gentle-
man, he said, seemed very inappropriate at this time. The
gentleman had already stated his charges against the Post-
master General, who could not be heard on this floor in his
own defence.. And this mode of forestalling public opinion,
by redoubling and reiterating those charges, was highly
improper.
The SPEAKER remarked that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] was proceeding by the peimission ofthe
House, which had been accorded to him by general' con-
sent, to make an explanation; and it was now too late to
withdraw that permission.
Mr. HAMMET inquired what was understood by an ex-
planation: would it apply to a speech of an hour's length'?
Mr. DAVIS said he had no intention of making a speech:
he merely wanted to make a statement of facts, and to as-
sure the House that he was prepared, if the Postmaster Gen-
eral was disposed to controvert those facts, to substantiate
them.
.. Mr-c JOHNSON moved a reference of the communica-
tion ol the Postmaster General to the Committee on the Post
Oflice and Tost Roads. If the charges made by the gentle-
man irom Kentucky were true, he had no hesitation in sav-
ing that the Postmaster General ought to be impeached- if
they were not true, it was the duty of the House to vindi-
cate him from tho«e charges.
1 he motion was agreed to, and the communication was
referred.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved a suspension of the rules, to enable
lum to ofter absolution of instructions to the Committee on
the Post Ofhoe and Post Roads.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being taken, were:
j eas 06, nays 99.
So the rules wc not suspended.
Mr. PRATT moved that the Committee of the Whole on
the state ofthe Union be discharged from the further con.
*ideration ofthe joint resolution relating to laying out Mon-
tlieCWholeQr0; a"'' that b° referrc<1 to tlle Committee of
Objections were made, and
Mr. P. withdrew his motion.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
^•JOSEPH II. JNGERSOLL, from the Committee of
Senate ent'lf'f®' Was referred U>e hill from the
Senate entitled an act to provide for the payment of the
witl,nnteS P"i ? cc'rtam cdses> reported the same,
a"ieiKln?cnt: oidered that the said bill be commit-
Union Comm,ltee 01 the Whole House on the state ofthe
M !r' L' S^™0U:R. from the Committee of Ways and
Means, to which was referred the bill from the Senate enti-
tled an act to authori'/e the payment of equitable commis
awards0 WeT'S ^ °f Person" "nwhowXor
awards have bi en made under three several treatiesbe-
'! ^le United States and certain foreitrn powers which
awards ha, e been retained ,n the trcasuf?^ payiieM of
debts due to the Lmted States, reported ttic same withoSt
and recommended that it do not pass: ordered
m i it Ml be committed to the Committee of the
M hole House on the state of the Union
nnrteAVS! v' 1ircm tlll! Committee of Ways and Means re-
poited al ill making appropriations for certain objects oi
expenditu.e therein named, in the year ending the loth
June, IBM: which was read a first and second trni! and was
the'sfa^^fthe Union °f the
Mr. VANCE, from the Committee of Claims, to which
was lefeired the .'ill fiom the Senate, entitled "An act for
the relief of G.deon Batcheldor and others," reported th?
same without amendment: ordered that the said bill be
'Mr" vtU°P'h r ' "T"60 °f the Whole Ho„setoto"ow
Mr. VAN (A, lir.m the same committee, made adverse re
poi s upon the petition* ofthe heirs of Isaac Snow, Charles
HaH, Ihomas lhompson, Frederick W, Smith TranCs
Johnson, Harry Pierson. Skelton Felton, O. W. Bailev nr,,l
Stable.' rtm": Wh'Ch rcP°rts«'ere orally laid ipon
On motion of Mr VANCE,
Ordered That the Committee of Claims be discharge,'
i !'ri n romideriltio'i the petition of Gco? e
Kmdei, Jubilee Posey, and Joel Whitesides, and that it w
ref™«' to the Committee on the Public I ands U
RAMSLY, from the same committee made a rennrt
upon the petition of Thomas Bingham, accompan,?d & *
bil for his relief, which was read a first and second ti^e
morrow. '° 'he Committoe of the Whole House to!
Mr. STEPHENS, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill of the House to provide for the settlement
of tlie claims of the State of Georgia for the services of ^
militia, reported the same without amendment, accom^Lle"
