CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
60S
House, this being the usual hour (between one and
two o'clock) at which many members usually go to
dinner; but he was told that his motion was not now
in order, the previous question being ordered.
The question then recurred on the amendments
made in committee of the whole.
Mr. JOHNSON called for a division. He said
the committee of the whole had struck out all after
the enacting clause, and inserted a substitute, with
the main part of which the House would concur;
but there were two provisions—one in relation to
the right of suffrage, and the other that in relation to
the submission of the charter to the people for ratifi-
cation—on which he desired to have separate votes.
The SPEAKER decided that the question was
not divisible; and on an appeal, after a long conver-
sational debate, the decision of the chair was sus-
tained by the House.
Mr. COBB moved a reconsideration of the vote
by which the main question was ordered to be put.
On this motion, the question being put, tellers
were appointed, who, having counted the votes, re-
ported 83 in the affirmative, which was deemed suf-
ficient, and the vote was reconsidered.
The question being put, "Shall the main question
be now put?" it was decided in the negative.
The next bill, being "An act to amend an act sup-
plementary to an act entitled 'an act to regulate ar-
ests on mesne process in the District of Columbia,' "
approved the 1st of August, 1842, was taken up.
The question being on its engrossment.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said the marshal of the Dis-
trict had suggested to him that the bill, if passed,
would operate unfavorably upon debtors now under
arrest, or against whom he held process. He would
prefer, therefore, that the bill should not take effect
until after the next session.
Mr. CAMPBELL remarked that the marshal
had had abundant opportunity to represent the in-
jury, if any, that would be occasioned; but not a
word had been heard upon the subject until this late
period.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN moved an amendment, to the
effect that no process now in the hands of the
marshal" shall be affected by the provisions of this
bill, until the next sitting of the court to which the
case is adjournable.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. G. W. JONES offered a substitute for the
whole bill
Mr. D. L. SEYMOUR moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BRENGLE suggested that, as the bill abro-
gated the use of warrants of capiases, by which the
attendance of defendants could be enforced, it would
be proper to substitute a process in the nature of a
summons, so that the courts might be enabled to
proceed to judgment in case of default.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, being on the sub-
stitute offered by the gentleman from Tennessee.
This was put and negatived.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
read a third time and passed.
The bill concerning conveyances and devises of
places of public worship in the District of Columbia,
was ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time;
and it was accordingly read a third time, and
passed.
The bill to amend the act entitled an act to incor-
porate the Alexandria canal company, was also read
a third time, and passed.
The bill to authorize the sale of part of public res-
ervation number 13, in the city of Washington, and
for other purposes, was, on motion of Mr. CAVE
JOHNSON, laid on the table.
Senate bill number 10, to make provision for the
support of an insane asylum in the District of Co-
lumbia, was, on motion of Mr. P. B JOHNSON,
amended in some minor particulars, and then passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved a suspension of the
rules in order to enable him to offer a joint resolution
authorizing the Commissioner of Public Buildings
to allow the building intended for a hospital to be
used as a medical infirmary.
The motion did not prevail.
The bill respecting a port of entry at Bangor, in
Maine, was, on motion, of Mr. HAMLIN, amended
and passed.
The bill to establish a collection district at Chica-
go, was amended on motion of Mr. WENT-
WORTH, and then the bill was passed.
Mr. HAMLIN moved the reconsideration of the
vote on the passage of the bill establishing Bangor,
in the State of Maine, as a port of entry. He made
this motion at the request of his colleague, who was
out when the bill was passed, and wished to be
heard on it.
_ Mr. MORSE then made a few remarks in oppo-
sition to the bill; after which,
Mr. HAMLIN withdrew the motion to recon-
sider.
The bill to amend the act granting half-pay to
certain widows, and the several acts and resolutions
in relation to the same, and to extend the provisions
thereof, was taken up, and the amendments made in
Committee of the "Whole being concurred in, the
bill, under the operation of the previous question,
was ordered to be engrossed, and then passed—yeas
117, nays 23.
The bill to provide for the legal adjudication of
claims to lands in the States of Louisiana and Ar-
kansas, Mississippi and Missouri, was taken up,
and the question being on concurring in the amend-
ments agreed to in Committee of the Whole,
Mr. WM. J. BROWN" submitted an amendment;
which
The SPEAKER said was not in order till the
question was taken on concurring in the amend-
ments made in Committee of the Whole.
After some conversation, in which Messrs. R.
CHAPMAN, W. J. BROWN, C. JOHNSON,
and SLIDELL, took part,
Mr. R. CHAPMAN moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to lay the bill on the
table; and
Mr. R. CHAPMAN called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and then moved a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER said a call of the House was not
then in order.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN moved an adjournment; but
the motion was rejected.
The question was then taken on laying the bill
on the table, and decided in the negative—yeas 65,
nays 85.
Mr. R. CHAPMAN moved an adjournment; on
which the vote was taken by Messrs. Jenks and
Holmes as tellers, and resulted thus—83 in the
affirmative, and 60 in the negative.
The House accordingly adjourned.
The following petitions, presented to-day, were
handed to the reporters by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. CATLIN: The petition of Catharine Rinker, widow
of Samuel Rinker, who was a sailing-master in the United
States navy, praying for the re-enactment of the navy pen-
sion law: leferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. BELSER: The petition of sundry citizens of Rus-
sell and Chainbeis counties, in the State of Alabama, for the
establishment of a post route from Gerard, in the county of
Russell, to "West Point, m the county of Chambers, in said
Slate, referred to the Committee on the Tost Office and Post
Roads.
Correction.—It was incorrectly stated in yester-
day's proceedings of the House that the adjourn-
ment was moved by Mr. Reding of New Hamp-
shire.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 10, 1844.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. BENTON made his promised motion for
leave to bring in a bill to provide for the annexation
of Texas to the United States. He said:
The treaty having been rejected, and that obstacle
to success got out of the way, and the way being now
cleared for open, honorable, and succcssful negotia-
tions, lie proceeded to the fulfilment of a purpose
which had been for a quarter of a ccntury on his
mind. Texas, and the country between the Red
river and the Arkansas, had been dismembered
from the United States in the year 1819, and had
since remained under foreign domination. He had
denounced that parricidal act in the moment of its
perpetration, and had sought to undo it ever sincc.
He had conversed with Mr. Clay, in 1825, when
Secretary under Mr. Adams ; had applauded his
design to recover the sacrificed tenitory; and volun-
teered his promise of support to Mr. Adams1s ad-
ministration in that laudable undertaking. He had
supported President Jackson, and Mr. Van Buren,
in the same design in 1829, and wrote JUmericanvs
and La Salle to promote their success. Since the
commencement of the Texian revolution—the suc-
cess of which was never for one instant prob-
lematical in his eyes—he had waited the events
which were of themselves, and without a shock
to our Mexican ' trade, to restore the dis-
membered territory to its natural possessor; and
saw,_ in the approaching termination of the
Mexican and Texian war, the natural and speedy
consummation of that cherished conjunction. The
war was expiring. The armistice, and the interpo-
sition of great powers, was bringing it to a close;
and the day was at hand when the re-union of
Texas would have come of itself, and with peace
and honor, when this insidious scheme of sudden
and secret annexation, and its miserable pretexts,
was fallen upon by our hapless administration.
From the moment that scheme, and its pretext, first
revealed itself to public view, at a public dinner in
Virginia, in the autumn of the last year, I de-
nounced it as an intrigue, got up for the election;
and to end in the disgrace of its authors,
and in the defeat, delay, and embarrassment
of the measure which it professed to desire. I par
ticularly made this denunciation to the gentleman
[Mr. A. V. Brown] who had got the letter from
General Jackson in February, 1843, and who seem
ed to be vicariously charged with some enterprise
on my humble self. It was at the commencement
of the present session of Congress; I answered him
on the spot; and, as I have no concealments, the
gentleman referred to is at liberty to relate all that I
said to him to the whole world.
The intrigue went on: the treaty was obtained—
by what means I need not repeat. It has answered
a part of its purposes, and is dead! and it is now for
the old friends of annexation to return to their task,
and to consummate their work. As the oldest of
these old friends, I now resume my task where I
left it off at the breaking out of the Texian revolu-
tion, and shall go to work constitutionally, honora-
bly, and disinterestedly, to provide for the annexa-
ont of Texas to the United States, and all the sacri-
ficed territory, of which it was, from 1803 to 1819,
a legal part, and of which it now is, and forever has
been, a natural and geographical part.
I begin at the beginning—with a bill to authorize
the President to treat for annexation, and for an ad-
justment of boundaries, with Mexico arid Texas.
I begin with a law, which is to be the foundation
of the treaty; and propose to treat with both par-
ties, because each have rights or claims to be adjust-
ed, and interests to be conciliated. With Mexico we
have a boundary to adjust in the event of recovering
Texas; and Mexico has an unrelinquished claim upon
the sovereignty of Texas which it would be better,
and cheaper, to settle by treaty than by war, or even
by the breach of treaties which may involve the loss
of commerce. I begin where our administration
ended—with offering to treat with Mexico as well as
with Texas.
In jaying a legislative foundation for this double
negotiation which we hope to end m admitting new
States into the Union, I conform to the constitution
of the United States, to the genius of our free insti-
tutions, and to the precedent set us by Mr. Jeffer-
son, and the Congress of 1806, when the acquisition
of the Floridas, and the settlement of this same
southwestern boundary, was the design of the gov-
ernment; and when legislation was the basis of its
movement.
By our constitution, Congress alone can admit
new States into the Union: it is nugatory, therefore,
for the President and Senate to stipulate for such ad-
mission without the consent of both Blouses of Con-
gress. To be suie, a subsequent consent may be
had, and the defective proceeding may be cured; but
deference to the legislative body, security to the ulti-
mate design, decorum between co-ordinate bodies,
and regularity of action, all require the law to pre-
cede the treaty, and to authorize it; and this preces-
sion of the legal authority should never be avoided
when there is time to obtain it. In cases of ordina-
ry treaties, the President may open negotiations with-
out the sanction of Congress; but in the great point
of acquiring foreign territory, and admitting new
States into the Union, the sanction of Congress is
an indispensable preliminary! for how can the Presi-
dent and Senate promise to admit new States without
first having the promise of Congress? and there is no
way for Congress to give the promise but by law.
The individual opinions of members are no foundation
for such a responsible stipulation; and neither could
be solicited, nor volunteered, without compromis-
ing the independence of members, degrading the
legislative authority, opening the door to dangerous
collusions, and leading to scenes which may end ^in
fraud and disappoinment. Neither the member.
