654
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
noi; his successor, can be bound by such extrajudi-
cial commitment of opinion.
• The genius * of our free institutions demands con-
sultation with the people wherever it can be had.
Even in the business of ordinary legislation, this
consultation is always exacted. How much'more*
indispensable when the territorial and the popular
• basis of the existing community is to be altered by
the incorporation of a new country and of a new
people!
' Consonant as it is to our constitution, and to the
genius of our free institutions, to consult the people
■ before hand on the great measure of adding a new
country to our own; it is also conformable to the
■practice ofour government in its early and purest
day. I allude to the administration of Mr. Jefferson,
and his attempts to purchase the Ploridas from
Spain, and to settle the southwestern boundary of
Louisiana with that power. This was in the year
1806. Mr. Jefferson, in a confidential message to
the two Houses, applied to them for legislative au-
thority to negotiate the acquisition. Mr. Randolph
of Roanoke, from the committee charged with the
consideration of the message, reported in favor of its
object, specifying what was to be done, and appro-
priating money for its accomplishment. ' The report
recommended the acquisition of the Floridas, and
the adjustment of the southwestern boundary of
Louisiana, "So as to secure to Spain an ample barrier
on the side of Mexico,' and to the United States all the
countries watered by the Mississippi.'" This recom-
mendation, digested into a resolution, was adopted
by the House of Representatives on the 14th of Jan-
uary, 1806, by a vote of 80 to 52; and two millions
of dollars agreed upon as the sum to be appropriated.
This was the resolution:
"Resolved, That un exchange of territory between the
United States and Spain is deemed, by this House, to be the
most advantageous mode of settlement of existing differ-
ences respecting limits between the United States "and the
court of Madrid; and thai any arrangement between the two
governments which shall secure to Spain an ample barrier
on the side of Mexico, and to the United States the countries
watered by the .Mississippi, and to the eastward of it, will
meet the approbation of this House.1'
This was the way of proceeding in that'early and
pure day, in acquiring territory, and settling bounda-
ries. The President, by message, informs the two
Houses of Congress what he wishes. Congress in-
forms him, by resolution, what it will approve; and
upon this foundation the President safely made his
promise that the Floridas, if acquired, should be ad-
mitted into the Union as a State, or States. The
substance of the resolution, formed into a bill, and
subsequently enacted into a law, took the form of
an appropriation of two millions of dollars to defray
any extraordinary expenses which might be incur-
red in the intercourse between the United States and
foreign nations—a mystification which was adopted
in the law for reasons of State policy, while the ob-
ject of the appropriation and its limitation W&s pre-
cisely declared in the secret resolution which was the
key to the act.
This was the mode of acquiring foreign territory
and settling boundaries, which was followed in the
time of Mr. Jefferson, and which 1 propose to fol-
low now. Alas! how different from the proceedings
which we have lately witnessed! And with this pre-
cedent, added to the argument found in our constitu-
tion, (which secures to Congress the right to admit
new States,) and in the genius of our free institu-
tions, which requires the people to be consulted in
all important changes, I submit the proposition that
there ought to be a law passed for the admission of
Texas into our Union,before the Presidentand Sen-
ate undertake to admit her by treaty.
So much in favor of a legislative foundation for
our side of the negotiation. With respect to Texas,
some fundamental act for the negotiation on her side
is still more obviously necessary. She is the coun-
try to be incorporated. Her sovereignty is to be
merged in ours. She is to disappear from the firma-
ment of nations. Prom an independent power, she
becomes a part of our confederacy; and it surely re-
quires some authentic act of her people to justify so
great a change. Her President and Senate have no
r.ght to do it by a secret treaty! They are to take
care of the country, and not to transfer it, or give it
away. The senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Choate] placed that in a clear light. Some
fundamental act of the people is necessary
for that purpose; and while I have not a
particle of doubt but that the people of
Texas now are, always have been, and forever
will be, m favor of becoming a part of the Union,
yet it is neither safe nor becoming to act upon
that assumption without the evidence of its truth.
The act is too momentous, and the precedent too
dangerous, to admit of assumptions in place of
proof. What would become of weak States if a
powerful neighbor was at liberty to swallow them
up when she pleased under the form of a govern-
mental transfer by the executive officers? or a sup-
posed wish of the people, without the evidence of
their wish? The honor of the United States, and
the safety of Texas, require their reunion to be not
only voluntary on both parts, springing from the
consent of both people, but also evidenced by au-
thentic acts, borne oil the history, and saved m the
archives of each.
I. The bill which I ask leave to bring in, besides
authorizing and requesting the President to treat
with Mexico and Texas for an adjustment of boun-
daries, and for the annexation of the latter to the
North American Union, proposes some bases for
the treaties expected to'be made. Boundary is one
of these; and in this the basis conforms to the geo-
graphical divisions of the country—to our natural
and proper limits—to the line first indicated in
President Jackson's proposition, as communicated
by Mr. Van Buren to Mr. Poinsett in 1829; and it
conforms to the boundary designated in Mr. Ran-
dolph's report of 1806, and to the resolution of the
House of Representatives, adopted in pursuance to
that report, and already read to the Senate. Leaving
the Rio Grande and all its valley and waters to the
Mexicans, and the Mississippi valley and all its
waters to the United States, it proposes to follow  
the mountain heights from near the South Pass, in ]
the Rocky mountains, callcd Fremont's Pass, in
the map of the topographical bureau, along the
Sierra obscura, (Dark mountain,) until it subsides
into a plain us it approaches the Gulf of Mexico;
and then reaching the gulf by a line in the desert
prairie to the west of the Rio Nueces, (Walnut
river.) This is the boundary between the United
States and Mexico pointed out by the finger of na-
ture, agreed upon by eminent statesmen, as proper
for Mexico as for ourselves, and written down in
the book of fate, and the law of nature, as the true
and permanent boundary between the two first pow-
ers of the New "World. Soon or late, that boun-
dary will be established.
1 he Rio Grantle del Norte (Great River of the
North) is a Mexican river by position and posses-
sion, and to the Mexicans may it forever belong.
The Mississippi, and all its waters, are ours, and to
us the dismembered parts must return. The coun-
try east of the Nueces, (and including it,) from po-
sition, geographical affinities, soil, products, and
natural dependence, is appurtenant to the valley of
the Mississippi; and must and will go where con-
gruity and homogeniality attract it. No wise man,
in an age of commerce, wants a great river (beyond
its natural frontier) for a national boundary: it is a
boundary fruitful of expense, and of every species
of collision and collusion. A mountain and a desert
plain is far better; and these we have between us
and Mexico; and it would be just as unwise for us
to project a segment, or a salient angle, of our fron-
tier across this plain and mountain into the natural
limits of Mexico, as it would be in her to make the
same projection of a segment, or angle of herself,
across the same plain and mountain, into our natu-
ral dominion.
II. The consent of the people of Texas to the pro-
posed annexation, to be evidenced by some public
and authentic act, is the second basis proposed; and
upon the necessity of this I will say no more, hav-
ing sufficiently presented my views upon it. I re-
ply to the assertion that we have the evidence of her
consent, and ask where' In the vote eight years
ago? Certainly an oft'er does not stand forever—nei-
ther in love, law, trade, or politics. The Texian offer,
founded upon the vote of 1836, was declined in
1837! and there was an end of it. They say there
is a secret act of Congress: I answei, it is not a case
for a secret, and I have not seen it. Even the letter
of the membersoftheTexian Congress to myself has
never come to hand. I have only seen the printed
copy in the newspapers: by the fatality which
seems to attend communications m this case, it has
not yet come to light. Still I have no doubt of the
consent of the people. I know them, and their
hearts, and that they are American and republican,
and pine in sorrow to return to us. Poll them—
take the vote any way. Let a messenger ride up to
the fence, and ring a bell, or blow a horn, or fire a
gun, and call out the household, and put the ques-
tion: Do you wish to be united to the United States?
and one universal shout of Yes! will be the answer.
I know this. But that does not supersede the ne-
cessity of the evidence. If my friend gives me a bit
of land, and I know he will never take it back, I still
want a piece of paper-writing to evidence the gift.
III. The admission of a State into the Umon,
which will comprise the bulk of the present popula-
tion of Texas, is a third basis, and a most impor-
tant one, in the bill which I propose. This State,
with an extent equal to the greatest in the Union,
but not greater, is proposed to be admitted by the
act itself (when the annexation takes effect) and
without requiring the consent of a future Congress.
This is a vital provision. It avoids the whole dan-
ger of a future Missouri controversy; and displays
the eminent advantage of a legislative basis for the
annexation. No treaty could secure such admis-
sion. It could only promise it, and that without
authority, unless the legislative act had been obtain-
ed. No treaty is equal to the admission of a State,
without the sanction of a law: no law can operate
the admission of a foreign State without the aid of
a treaty; the combined action of both is wanting;
and this is precisely what my bill provides.
Under it, the State of Texas would be in the Union
bylaw, from the day of the completion of the trea-
ty of annexation; and all the details of admission,
requiring the consent of both parties, would be ad-
justed by treaty.
IV. The State of Texas would probably form a
square of about 60,000 square miles, in the eastern
part of the republic of Texas, between the Red riv-
er and the Gulf of Mexico, and bordering on the
State of Louisiana: the remainder of the present
republic would become a territory of the Union,
very naturally taking the name of the Southwest
Territory. As a territory, it would be held and
governed until the growing population should re-
quire the formation of new States.
V. The division of this territory into slave and
non-slaveliolding States, is a fifth basis proposed by
my bill; and, happily, the extent of the country,
and its variety of soil and climate, will make such a
division easy and desirable. In extent, the whole
annexed country will be about two hundred thous-
and square miles. Its southern half will make two
slave States, both large and respectable, as frontier
States should be: its northern and northwestern half
would form two non-slaveholding States, equally
large and respectable. The extreme northern part
would extend to north latitude 42; which is the lati-
tude of Boston, and six degrees north of the Mis-
souri compromise anti-slave line; but it is not lati-
tude alone which, in that clime, determines the
boundary between the planting and the grain-grow-
ing regions. Altitude, or elevation, accomplishes
the work of northern latitudes; and all the north-
west part of Texas, approaching lofty mountains,
becomes unfit for the productions which give profit
to the labor of slaves. In these elevated parts, two
free States of fifty thousand square miles each, may
be formed; and the hue being drawn in the funda-
mental act, the character of each will be fixed, and
all danger of Missouri-restriction controversies will
be forever avoided.
As a domestic question, affecting the equilibium
of slave and free States, this division of the annexed
territory will neutralize and annul it: the equilibrium
will remain as it is: and the alarm of a slave pre-
ponderance will entirely vanish. That bugbear, so
mcontinenly associated with the idea of Texas, and
so continually held up to alarm the North, must
disappear from the scene; and, eventually, the ex-
pansion of States in the northwest, on the Missouri
and Upper Mississippi, must give the preponderance
to slave States. As a domestic question, then, the
acquisition of Texas will leave the slave, and anti-
slave States, as they are; but under the enlarged,
and, what many deem the moral aspect of the ques-
tion, it will be a great gain. It will withdraw slavery
from the whole left bank of the Rio Grande, to
which the Texian constitution now extends it; and
will extinguish it in one-half of the curtailed Texas,
the whole of which is now subject to that institution.
This should be a consummation devoutly to be wish-
ed by those who wish to see slavery abolished
throughout the world: it would relieve a vast region
from that institution, now subject to be covered by
it.
Mr. President, I attach a great importance to this
slave and anti-slave basis: I who have seen a Mis-
souri-restriction controversy, and never wish to see
another! Born in the slave region—now and always
a slaveholder—my sympathies, in all that relates to
their rights and their danger, are with my fellow
slaveholders; but 1 am no bigot, or fanatic, <in the
