'-668
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
38th Cong 1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Rathbun.
H. of Reps,
tioiK retard the developments of its resources, and
"finally reduce it to impotency and ruin. Sir, such
monopolies as the present law is designed to foster,
at the expense and almost sacrifice of all other inte-
rests, are but the disguised competitors for power
with the government itself, and their influence the
cancer that is eating out the vitals "of the constitu-
tion. And if we contribute much longer, by such
laws as the present, to give a precocious maturity to
them, they may well claim to be the government,
and proclaim that the constitution is but a bundle
of abstractions, unworthy of the present age, and
unfit for the government of the people. There is
but one hope of escape from such a calastrophe; and
it is in the firmness, honesty, and patriotism of the
farmers and mechanics of the country. Their
united voice can avert the usurpation, and their
brawny arm protect the constitution from the rava-
ges, of such an enemy. But if they should much
-longer slumber upon the outposts of the constitu-
tion, the citadel of liberty will be in the possession
of a worse than Gothic foe, who will prostrate its
noble pillars, srike down the eagle of liberty, and
in their places erect the throne of the despot, and
the whelp of the Biitish lion. Already the links of
the cold chain of avarice are entwined around the
hearts of a portion of our people, and deadened
their sensibilities, I fear, to the calls and influences
of patriotism; and nothing can arouse them but a
true sense of the condition of the country, to a.i ef-
fort to reinstate the constitution, to impart once more
its life-giving principles to the great interests of
the country. Jyow—now is the time for the effort;
and he who suffers the present occasion to pass un-
improved, will live to condemn his error, and weep
over the lost liberties of his country.
SPEECH OF MR RATHBUN,
OF NEW YORK.
In the House of Representatives, June 4, 3844—On
the civil and diplomatic appropriation biL.
Mr. RATHBUN said: '
Mr. Chairman: I had hoped that the attention of
this oody might have been confined to the business
of the country, and that this House would not be
converted into a political arena. The people of the
country, so far as I know, desired it. For a few
years past, it has been the practice of the opposite
party, to convert this hall into a political camp, and
to fight here, at the expense of the people, and to
the injury of the public interests, the battle for polit-
ical power. This practice was revived early in this
session, by an old and experienced campaigner from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stewart.] He seemed ambi-
tious to imitate, if not to excel, his illustrious pre-
decessor, [Mr. Ogle.] Nature has bestowed upon
him a prolific imagination—from which he draws a
boundless supply of facts and figures suited to any
emergency, ready coined for every occasion. He
delivered to the House a funeral oration over the
dead carcass of the "American system;" charged
Mr. Van Buren with its destruction; arraigned
lnm before this House for destroying the tariff,
which he claimed was producing a surplus revenue
of $18,000,000 annually, and which, at this time,
he says, would have produced a "surplus of $250,-
000,000; and which, under the American system, or
this Clay system," ought to have been disbursed ^'n
internal improvements, in the construction of roads
and canals in the several States. This American
system, or Clay system, the gentleman says, "was
in part a high tariff;" a tariff which draw from the
pockets of the people—from the labor of the coun-
try, sufficient to defray the expenses of the govern-
ment, and leave a surplus of $18,000,000 annually,
to be squandered in national internal improvements.
Mr. Van Buren destroyed this tariff, he avers. But,
sir, where is his proof? Where and how did he
destroy it? This charge is one of the gentleman's
-facts. It is the principal count in this indictment.
No proof is offered—none can be found to sustain it.
The high tariff of 1828 and 1832 was destroyed in
1833 by a tariff act, known as the "compromise act."
Was Mr. Van Buren the author of that bill? No
sir, that law derived its parentage from another
source. It has been claimed to be the brightest gem
in the diadem of the royal dictator of the gentle-
man's party. This act, for which Henry
Clay is almost deified by his followers—
for which he i5? eulogized as the embodiment
of whig principles, is charged by the member
from Pennsylvania, upon Mr. Van Buren,
as a high, crime.
The next grand effort here, in the same vein,
came from the honorable member from Buncombe,
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman ] He has entitled
his speech the "Principles of the Whig and Demo-
cratic parties." He has dealt very unkindly by his
friend from Pennsylvania. He charges Mr. Van
Buren with supporting the high "tariffs of 1824 and
1828—the highest tariffs which ever existed in this
country, and which, because of their very excess, was
condemned by Messrs. Clay and Webster." These
fentlemen contradict each other directly. They are
oth whigs—of course, both honorable men; both
correct—because whigs can never be mistaken. It is
to be hoped that this unpleasant difficulty may be
amicably adjusted without bloodshed. The country,
and particularly the party, which is the countiy,
cannot afford to lose cither of its champions. The
member from Buncombe enlightened the House
with a specimen of whig arithmetic. He says, "the
administration of Mr. Van Buren left the govern-
ment liable for the sum of $38,065,378, and all
means provided to pay it amounted to but $13,862,-
355, leaving $24,203,323," the debt of his adminis-
tration. Now, the truth is, that if the whig admin-
istration had not convened Congress in extra ses-
sion, and had made no new and unnecessary appro-
priations, but carried on the government economi-
cally. at the end of the year 184] there would have
been only $2,964,452 28 of debt. The ac-
tual debt or the administration of Mr. Van
Buren, existing when he retired from office,
was only $5,095,558 40. Take from this sum the
real deficit at the.end of 1841, if the extra session
had not been called, and it leaves charged upon these
economical whigs to pay only $2,834,106 11. Yet,
with all these facts before him, the gentleman, in
his Buncombe speech, and with his Buncombe
arithmetic, has figured it up to the round sum of
$24,203,323. Sir, it is an old saying, that figures
won't lie. Tins, of course, does not apply to mis-
figuring in the hands of a politician, who speaks
from Buncombe, or for Buncombe. It would be
safer to soy they seldom tell the truth. But, sir,
this debt has been increased under a whig adminis-
tration, and by a whig Congress, over $25,000,000
in two yeais and nine months. This is the fruit of
the whig \'« fo'-y of 1840.
Another gentleman, [Mr. Hardin, of Illinois,] a
few days since, and again yesterday, addressed the
House, not upon any question before it. Mr. Van
Buren was his first text, and Mr. Polk his last.
Sir, I shall not attempt to imitate his classic taste,
by applying epithets to any man, much less would
I in reference to Mr. Van Buren. The gentleman
calls him "little Matty." Yes, sir, a gentleman who
has occupied the highest stations in this govern-
ment—universally honored and respected throughout
the civilized world—possessing talents of the high-
est order—whose name, when the history of this
country shall be written by an impartial historian,
will occupy the highest niche in the proud temple
of fame,—the accomplished gentleman from Illinois
exhibits his discernment and refinement by calling
him "little Matty."
He amused himself and his friends for an hour,
by repeating the stale fabrications, and wornout,
and often refuted slanders against Mr. Van Buren,
in order to send them again revamped and newly
dressed, to the people, to impose on them; and there-
by enable the presonification and embodiment of
whig principles, (Mr. Clay,) to reach the presiden-
tial chair. Why, sir, he went seriously to work,
to show that Mr. Van Buren was opposed to the
war of 1812. This stale, miserable, unfounded
charge, known by every man and boy in the State
of New York, and by every reading and intelligent
man ;njthe whole nation, to be utterly untrue—con-
fessed and acknowledged by a leading journalist in
his o\v«i party recently, Mr. Stone, to be false,—is
his most serious objection to Mr. Van Buren, and
his strongest charge against hm.. 1 will not pur-
sue the subject of his remarks, or the truth of his
statement hut little mrtfier. This is his best point,
and this, like all his minor points, is base coin, long
since condemned as counterfeit. Such compounds
of fiction are worth no other notice than silent cn >
tempt. One other point in his printed speech is
worthy of a passing notice, and that is the picJurc
with which he has illustrated the darkness of his
ideas. He has placed Mi. Van Buren in the at-
titude of receiving the vote of a negro, and rejecting
that of two old soldiers of the revolution. 1 shall
find a more appropriate place for his picture, With
some slight alterations, before I get through. He
complains because Mr. Van Buren did not veto an
appropriation in 1838, of upwards of two millions
for the improvement of the roads and rivers of the
West. The member from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stewart,] and a gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] —the representative of Mr. Clay's district,
and one of the exponents of his views—have made
it a matter of serious charge against Mr. Van Bu-
ren, that he did nothing for the West during his ad-
ministration. They have appealed to the people of
the West to come over to them, because Mr. Clay
will do them justice. Sir, I will show these gen-
tlemen, before I have done with Mr. Clay, what he
says and thinks of the West, and western men.
All the gentlemen I have named have been harping
upon the extravagance of Mr. Van Buren's admin-
istration. He expended, they allege, from twenty-
eight to thirty-two millions annually. Suppose
either to be true: what then? Upon whom should
he censure rest? Without the appropriation by
Congress, he could not expend a dollar. Congress
having passed the laws for expending the public
money, he was bound, by his oath of office, to see
that it was expended for the objects specified in the
law. He had no discretion, no right to withhold
the money. It must be expended. This, all these
members know perfectly well; this, every man ac-
quainted with the duties and powers of the Pres-
ident knows. These members also know the fact—
or ought to know it—that during his administration,
Congress appropriated $61,738,562, beyond the es-
timates of expenditures sent in by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and more than Mr. Van Buren ond his
cabinet desired. Whose fault was this? It may be
said that he should have vetoed the bills. Even now
we hear the jacobinical cry, Down with the veto.
Sir, an honorable member of this House has said,
during this session, that the President was not re-
sponsible for the amount of expenditures—only for
the manner in which they were expended. His
age, experience, and high character, ought to have
been some restraint upon his junior friends; they
should have yielded in some degree to' the truth,
coming from him. I allude to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams.] But if they would
not heed him, the admonition of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Newton,] who attributes all the dis-
asters and calamities of his party and the country to
the "want of candor and fairness of the whigs of
1840," and who has strongly recommended to all
of them "honesty as the best policy," ought at least
to have had some influence with them. I ask of
these honorable gentlemen, what appropriation, du-
ring the administration of Mr. Van Buren, was op-
posed by Mr. Clay? What one was opposed by
the whig party5 I have looked through the jour-
nals of the Senate, and of this House, to find such a
case, but in vain. I do not believe such a one can
be found. It is a cardinal principle with them to
vote for all appropriations, and for all purposes, and
always for the largest amount. This is Mr. Clay's
creed, as derived from his votes and speeches.
Large appropriations and extravagant expenditures
demand high tariffs and oppressive taxes. This is
the American or Clay system, for which he has been
so much eulogized here. If it is true, as I assert,
that Mr. Clay, and the whigs in Congress generally,
voted for the largest appropriations during Mr. Van
Buren's administration, with what propriety can
they now turn upon him, and charge him with ex-
travagant expenditures? He was the agent to exe-
cute the laws of Congress—their laws. It was their
duty to see that all appropriations were reasonable,
just, and necessary. They are responsible to then-
constituents and to the country for their acts. They
controlled the strings of the public purse. If they
opened them too wide—vou d too much—they ough't
to be honest, and take the censure which they are
now endeavoring to throw upon one subject to their
control, and executing th^r Wt. It is not only
true that they were former1 y in fh\ or of extravagant
appropriations and exper Qitu -or, and opposed to
retrenchment and reform, but they have been ?,o
duiing the present session in every form. A huge
portion of the whig parly voted against the army-
reL'cnehment bill, passed a few days since, by which
half a million of dollars will be amiuullv saved.
They were unwilling to reduce the sru'ries" of mili-
tary officers to a reasonabje nnvunv, or to discharge
a Jaige number of supenvj.tv r.rry ur>d useless offi-
cers.
But, sir, to put this question" beyond the reach
of denial or explanation, the Senate, with a large
majority of whigs, have hud that bill upon the table,
and refused eve1; to consider it. They w III not save
1,000 annually, because it would cut off some of
