CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6&S
cause of slavery. Equally removed from the fanat-
icism which runs a muck for or against slavery, I
have no complaint to make against those who may
wish to "see" it abolished, and who limit their
wishes to advice, where the advice is acceptable. A
wish to "see" is harmless under such limitations;
and to those who entertain that wish, I say, here is a
gratification for you in my proposed basis for the
annexation of Texas. Slavery now, under the Tex-
ian constitution, is a legal institution to the head and
mouth of the Rio Grande! it is a legal institution in
six degrees of latitude in the valley of the Mississip-
pi, where it would be interdicted by the slave com-
promise line of 1820! Is it nothing to retire the insti-
tution from all this extent of country? and more, to
retire it from the one-half of the whole Texas which
may be reunited to us under the basis which I pro-
pose' Let the practical men who wish to "see"
slavery abolished, ponder upon this, and consider
what reason they have to oppose the annexation of
Texas to the United States.
YI. The assent of Mexico to the annexation, and
settlement of boundaries, is a sixth proposed basis,
but that assent is not made indispensable. This
basisgoes upon the idea that the assent of Mexico
is now necessary, but may cease to be so; and of that
coirjingcncy, the Congress of the United States is
constituted the judge. It will be the constitutional
judge; and if it should involve the United States in
war, whether just or unjust, it will at least have the
constitutional right to do so, which the treaty-making
power, and still less, the President alone, has not.
This was a deadly objection to the defunct treaty,
and alone sufficient with me to cause the rejection
of that wretched conception.
The assent of Mexico is now deemed to be ne-
cessary as a matter of right, and desirable as a mat-
ter of policy. She has a war with Texas, suspend-
ed by an armistice, to which we become party by
taking Texas without her consent. Neutrality has
been our policy up to the present time; and if that war
is resumed with respectable forces, neutrality will be
still our duty. The President of the United States
is not Louis the 16th, to take revolted colonies by
the hand, and make their cause his own! We
must wait the expiration of the armistice: it would
be a hideous crime to break it, and to frus-
trate the preparations for peace, so laudably pro-
moted by European powers! Not a gun has
been fired since the proclamation of that armistice,
and never may be if we do not assume the war.
And if we do assume it, under such circumstances,
we incur a great responsibility in the eyes of God
and man. Policy and interest, if not justice and
honor, should make us refrain from this war. We
have, or rather had, a great commerce with Mexico,
which deserves protection instead of destruction.
Our trade with this country commenced m the first
year of her independence—1821—and we received
from her that year $80,000 in specie. It increased
annually, and vastly, and in the year 1835—the
year before the Texian revolution—this import
amounted to $8,343,181, on the custom-house books
besides the large amounts not entered Our sympa-
thy and supposed aid to the Texians lost us the fa-
vor of the Mexicans, and this import ran down in
seven years to SI,342,817.* New Orleans, and
through her, the Great West, was the greatest gamer
by this import of specie while it flourished—of
^Statement of the total amount of specie and bullion im-
ported into the United States from "Mexico" from
1821 to 1842, inclusive:
1821 - - - - $80,590
1822 - 137,664
1823 - 86,169
1824 - - - - 51,047
1825 - 2,603,108
1826 - - - 2,850,409
1827 - - - - 4,005,255
1828 - - - - 3,853,880
1829 - - - - 4,334,946
1830 - - - - 4,703,716
1831 - 4,463,134
1832 - 3,626,704
1833 .-- - 4,592,892
1834 - 7,204,517
1835 - 8,343,181
1836 - - - - 4,537,418
1837 - 4,650,978
1838 - - - - 2,689,426
1839 --- - 2,273,548
1840 - 3,458,892
1841 - - - - 1 938,083
1842 --- - 1,342,817
course the greatest loser when it declined; and in-
stead of destroying the remainder of it, and all com-
merce with our nearest neighbor, by a!n unjust as-
sumption of a war against her, we should rather choose
to restore this specie import to its former maximum,
and to increase it. We should rather choose to cherish
and improve a valuable trade with a neighbor that has
mines, and whose staple export is silver, which is
exchanged for our agricultural productions af-
ter these productions have gone to Europe,
or the West Indies, and been changed into fine
goods, or groceries. Atlantic politicians, hot in the
pursuit ofTexas, may have no sympathy for this
Mexican trade, but I have! and it has been mypol-
icy to reconcile the two objects—acquisition of Tex-
as and preservation of the Mexican trade—and,
therefore, to eschew unjust war with Mexico as not
only wicked, but foolish!
I am for peace with Mexico; and therefore I am j
i! for treating her with respect, and obtaining her con- j
1, sent, fairly and honorably, if practicable, to the an- !
|1 nexation of Texas. It is to her interest to consent, ■
and respectful treatment will be more potential !
.than indignity and outrage in convincing her of that
true interest. Still; I do not make the annexation
dependent upon this assent. It is to be sought, and
obtained, if practicable: but Mexico may refuse to
give it. She may still keep up a desultory war, and
affect to reclaim her revolted province. In that event,
my sixth basis refers the question to Congress to de-
cide whether her consent has ceased to be necessary!
and if the solution of the question brings war, we
shall at least have the consolation to know that it
comes constitutionally! that it is brought upon us
by the authority that has the constitutional right to
make war! and not by the unconstitutional act of the
President and Senate, or of the President alone !
Mexico cannot conquer Texas. Another inva-
sion will be more disastrous than the former; and
the signal for its commencement will be the signal
for the commotion of all the vast valley of the Missis-
sippi. Proclamations, and laws of neutrality, can
have no force against the passions. The news for
a battle would be the summons for a joyful rendez-
vous to all the young and fiery spirits of the Great
West. They would repair to it as to a gay and
brilliant frolic. Every field of battle would be a
San Jacinto to the invaders; and what Texas has
most to desiie is an invasion. It would end in the
destruction of the invaders, and in the termination
of the war. Nothing is so disastrous to her as
the kind of war which has prevailed for some years.
It destroys her resources—repulses emigration—
sinks the value of property at home—and rates her
credit abroad at five cents and ten cents in the dollar.
This is what depresses and exhausts her. A fight
is nothing. An ivasion would be her triumph and
her glory.
Mexico and Texas cannot live together under the
same government. Natural and moral causes for-
bid it. One would have to subdue the other; and in
this conflict of necessity between two races, the van-
guard of the Anglo-Saxon race would he obliged to
conquer.
Geographically and physically, Mexico and
Texas are distinct; and the deep cotton and sugar
lands of tins appendage of the valley of the Mis-
sissippi, requiring a laborious cultivation, present
no attraction to the indolent pastoral and mining
population of the ancient empire of Montezuma.
In three hundred years they had formed no settle-
ment in Texas, lying at their door, (for the settle-
ments of Nacogdoches and San Antonio were pre-
sidios, with herdsmen attached,) while northwest,
along the pastoral region, they had extended to Mont-
erey and San Francisco—a distance from the city of
Mexico as far as Philadelphia, The Mexicans did
not settle Texas. During their revolution it was a
derelict, which adventurers fought for. Witness
the expeditions of Ross, Long, Toledo, and others.
At last they gave it away to an American gentleman
who asked for it—Mr. Moses Austin, a native of
Connecticut, a man of head and nerve, and who
was the founder of Austin's colony, and who went
from Missouri. This shows what little value Mex-
ico has ever set on Texas, and how easy it would
be in us, by the mere observance of civility and
justice, to get it back.
Peace and separation are the interest of Mexico,
as well as of Texas; and of that Santa Anna has
been convinced since the day of his captivity.
Peace and separation, under the progress of events,
and the mediation of great powers, were in the
progress of consummation, when this doomed ad-
ministration, with its wretched schemes and misera-
ble pretexts, interfered to interrupt the work, of
pacification, and to appear as a mischief-maker
where others were officiating as peace-makers. It
is in vain to deny the armistice! It has been
proclaimed, and acted under in the stay of arms.
Not a gun has been fired since it was proclaimed—
not a hostile foot has since trod each other's soil.
If commissioners to make peace have not met,
who can say they would not, if the parties are let
alone? The same powerful mediation which ob-
tained the armistice might also obtain the appoint-
ment of commissioners, and the establishment of
peace,' and the acknowledgment of independence.
Who can say otherwise? and, therefore, the mad
interference of this administration to interrupt the
work of pacification was a crime against humanity
for which they must stand arraigned at the bar of
the Christian world.
I am now, what I have been for five-and twenty
years, in favor of recovering all the sacrificed terri-
tory of 1819; but I want it openly, fairly, and hon-
orably. I disclaim and disdain all trick and con-
trivance. The country is within our natural limits
—geographically appurtenant to our country—es-
sential to our political, commercial, and social sys-
tem—necessary to our well-being, and detrimental
to us under the dominion of a foreign power. It
was ours for sixteen years—from 1803, when Mr.
Jefferson acquired it, to 1819, when Mr. Monroe's
cabinet impiously threw it away.
Mr. President, a paragraph from a speech of Mr.
Adams has been read here'—read by the senator
from South Carolina immediately on my left—in
which the term "flimsy," is applied_to our ancient
claim to southwest Louisiana. Surely this term can
have no application to the seventy thousand square
miles of territory between the Red river and Arkan-
sas, stretching to north latitude 42°, which the French
occupied as a part of Louisiana from the year 1720;
and which our traders were occupying under licences
from the superintendent of Indian affairs, at St.
Louis, when the unnatural surrender of 1819 was
made. Surely it can have no application to the
valley of the upper Red river, a water of the
Mississippi, surrendered by that treaty. Surely
the term can have no application to the eastern parts
of Texas, so early discovered, and settled by the
French, and so naturally and indissolubly appur-
tenant to the valley of the Mississippi. Surely it
can have no application to any part of the territory
thus reclaimed by Mr. Adams, in his letter to Don
Louis de Onis, of October 31,1818:
"The right of the United States to the river Mississippi,
and to all the waters flowing into it, and to all the terri-
tories watered by them, remains as entire, and unshaken
by anything now adduced by j ou, as by anything winch
had e\er preceded it 111 the discussions between the
two governments. It (the right of the United States)
is established beyond the power of further controversy
nor could it answer any useful purpose to reproduce
proofs which have already more than once been shown,
and which leiiiainmg unimpaired, must henceforth be
considered bj the United States as not susceptible of refu-
tation/'
Surely the term "flimsy" could not, and did not ap-
ply to any part of the territory, our title to which was
thus peremptorily asserted. It could not apply to
it, and the context of the quoted speech shows that
it did not; but to that part only of the western
Texas which claimed extension to the lower Rio
Grande. This was always a disputed pretension;
and appeared to me to be (according to what I be-
lieve is considered fair in diplomacy) only set up for
the purpose of being surrendered, to save some-
thing else. For my part, I would not accept the
Rio Grande, neither in whole nor in part, as a
boundary for the United States, if offered to us as a
gracious present.
The senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Wood-
bury] seemed to find in the resolution of Congress
of 1806 something of an excuse, or precedent, for
the sacrifices of 1819; but it is all a mistake. That
resolution, so far as it applied lo our southwestern
boundary, was consonant to the great geographical
divisions of the country—consonant to our rights
and interests—and conformable to what we now
propose, and what Gen. Jackson proposed in 1829.
That resolution authorized Mr. Jefferson to treat
upon the basis of securing to the United States all
the country drained by the waters of the Missis-
sippi, leaving to Spam an ample barrier on the side
of Mexico. This would have saved us all the val-
leys of the Red river and Arkansas, and all the
country between them; and it would have placed
the boundary in some of the vast prairies, or along
some of the solitary streams, in the western parts
of Texas. This was the resolution of 1806; and
