June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Rathbun.
their political friends from a fat living in idleness
and extravagance, at the expense of the people.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] de-
clared "that he did not believe that the democratic
members of tins House were in favor of retrench-
ment," while they were engaged in the work of
saving, annually, half a million; and to satisfy them
that he and his friend were, they have voted for al-
most every useless and extravagant expenditure
that has come up. The same member was very ser
\ere upon Mr. Yan Buren'for his extravagance;
complained most pitiously over his vast expendi-
tures; and then, with the versatility' of "the dicta-
tor," wheeled about, and abused him because he
had not expended in web tern improvement millions
more. That was not all; he said Mr. Van Buren
had requested Congress to authorize him, in refer-
ence to the fortification bill, to suspend the appro-
priation—to withhold it, if, in his judgment, it'
should be proper to do so; that Congress confered
that power upon him: and he says that Mr. Van
Buren had the audacity to withhold it—sixteen hun-
dred thousand dollars appropriated, subject to this
discretionary power of the President, he did not
expend. For expending appropriations he is abused,
notwithstanding the law compelled him, he having;
no discretion: for not expending sixteen hundred,
thousand dollars more, where he was legally autho-
rized to exercise his discretion, heis equally abused.
For the latter act, heis denounced as a usurper, and
compared to Charles the First. The exercise of a
legal discretion—a right confer: ed upon him by
Congress, is denounced as the usurpation of a king-
ly prerogative, as the exercise of an arbitrary and
despotic power. What would the gentleman have
said if, in other cases, where no such authority was
conferred, Mr. Van Buren had omitted to see all
the money expended? With how much more pro-
propriety might he, in such case, have denounced
him? In what a strange predicament does this
kind of argument place a President. If he expends
the money, as directed by Congress, he is de-
nounced for his extravagance? If he omits to ex-
pend it, although authorized by law to do so, he is
denounced as a usurper and tyrant. He is de-
nounced, at the same time, for expending too much
and too little. This is the beauty, consistency,
and integrity of federalism. It is by means so un-
fair, so disingenuous, so unjust, that those gentle-
men hope to injure the character of an honest man,
and to withdraw the public attention from the acts,
principles, and public character of Henry Clay, and
to foist him into the prcsidcncy. Sir, there are
many living Ogles here; and I am surprised that
they do not give us an inventory of "the lounges,
ottomans, Brussels carpets, damask curtains, ma-
hogany chairs, and gold spoons, in the palace;"
the extravagance of the kitchen furniture, and, by
way of embellishment, they should inform the coun-
try that one of the first acts passed for the whig
President, in 1841, was an appropriation of $6,000
to furnish this extravagantly "furnished palace!"
Moie gold spoons, damask curtains, and Brussels
carpets were doubtless deemed necessary by those
"retrenchment-and- reform-democratic whigs," to
support the dignity of the new log cabin adminis-
tration. I do not allude to this appropriation as
improper, but merely to show the gross dishonesty
and falsity of the charges of extravagance in the
furniture of the white house—the "Ogle palace."
Sir, what have these economical whigs done in the
way of expenditure since 1841? They have in-
creased the debt, and made a part of it permanent,
by loans, about $25,000,000. To effect this, lias
taken them two years and nine months. In the
mean time, they have expended all the accruing
revenue—everything they could lay their hands on;
and but for their ejection from power, at the end of
four years, would have saddled the nation with a
debt of at least £50,000,000. Worse than all this, is
the liberality, the profligacy, exhibited in giving
away to the States the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, while the treasury was empty, and
their agents were trotting about from door to door
in this and in foreign countries to borrow money to
pay the ordinary expenses of the government. They
were spurned like idle vagrants; the credit of the
conntiy destroyed, and its ehaiacter degraded and
disgraced. These are the fruits of their boasted
economy and financial skill! These are the entries
in Mr. Webster's new books. The §40,000,000
debt which they told the people existed in 1840,
dwindled down, on their own showing, to $8,000,-
000; and, in fact, to about §5,000,000. Their "re-
uwlment" has swelled the public debt to about \
H. of Reps.
$30,000,000; and but for the popular veto—the peo-
ple's veto—no man can tell to what extent it would
have increased within the four years.
Since the nomination is made, they have turned
their poisoned arrows at Mr. Polk. He is charged
with being m favor of free trade. Sir, what proof
have they given as to the fact? That he is in favor
of Mr. Clay's compromise tariff bill: so is Mr.
Clay; so he has always avowed, and still avows.
What next? Why, he was in favor of the
pet bank system. True, sir, he was in
favor of the experiment, so long as they
performed that duty well; but when they failed, he
opposed them, and then the whole whig party came
to the aid of the broken pets. This is all I have
heard, except that Mr. Polk was insulted, and did
not fight a duel.—[See note at the end of tits speech.']
-—Ana why? Because he is a Christian—a believer
in the principles of that religion which is peace and
love towards all men. Sir, he is above and beyond
their reach; he is protected by the bright, broad
shield of truth and justice, which is impenetrable to
the shafts of malice. He is encircled by the strong
arms of the democracy, and elevated above the reach
of those who are enervated and jaded with toil in the
race ofboundless ambition.
They call him "Young Hickory." Sir, I thank
them for the name. He is worthy of it. The peo-
ple will ratify it; and they will elevate him to the
chair of state, once so honorably filled by "Old
Hickory." Sir, a gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
White,] told us not long since that we "were a con-
demned and doomed party." Where is the evi-
dence of that "doom and condemnation?" Not kere,
sir. The firm nerves, placid smiles, and seeming
confidence of the gentlemen on the other side, are
gone; in their place you see the excitability, the quiv-
ering lip, and the trembling nerve of doubt and fear.
Sir, the shroud and the tomb prepared for us by
those kind gentlemen, will perform for them the
kind office that Haman's gallows did for him.
Now, sir, having answered and refuted the char-
ges made against the late administration of extrava-
gance, and against Mr. Polk, I propose to look into
some of the acts, speeches, and principles of Mr.
Clay. In doing so, I will not imitate the exam-
ples which have been set me, by gaitJing, or
destroying, or perverting the true meaning of
Mr. Clay, as has been done in reference to Mr.
Van Buren; nor will 1 intentionally misrepresent
him. I intend to present him, as he*has presented
himself in his public character, to the country; set-
ting down such things only as are matters of record
or general public notoriety. Sir, I am for carrying
the war into Africa.
THE UNITED STATES BANK.
In the- year 1811, Mr. Clay was in the Sen-
ate. The question of rechartering the United States
bank came up in that body, and Mr. Clay spoke in
opposition to it, and said:
"He did not mean that it had been made a party question
in the Senate. His allusion \\ as els-iw heie. I do not think
it altogether fair to refer to the discussions m the House of
Representatives, as gentlemen belonging to that boclj have
no opportunity of defending themselves here. It is tine that
this law \\ as not the eflcct, but it is no less true that it was
one of the causes, ol the political divisions m this, countiy.
And if, during the agitation of this question 'hi.« rei _>wal
has, on one side, been opposed on paity principle let me ask
if, on the other, it has not been advocated on ^miliar punci-
ples7 Where is the Macedonian phalanx—the opposition in
Congrpss? T believe, sir, I sha'l not incur the charge ol'pre-
sumptuous prophecy, when I predict that u e shall not pick
up from its lanks 3 single straggler. And ii, on this
occasion, my worth) friend from Georgia [Mi William II.
Crawford] has gone over into the camp oj thi enemy, is it kind
in him to look back upon his former friends, and rebuke
them for the fidelity "u ilk which they aJheie to theii old
principles.
He placed Mr. Crawford in the ranks of the ene-
my, because he supported the bank. He charged
him with deserting his old principles. Sir, where
stands Mr. Clay now? Not m the ranks of the
enemy. No, sir, but at their head: he wears the
epaulette, the plume, the sword, and spreads to the
breeze the banner of the leader—the commander-in-
chief. A deserter from his "old principles." He
is at the head of "the ^Macedonian phalanx"—absolute
as Philip or Alexander.
IT WAS UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
Mr. Clay said:
"This vagrant power to erect a bank, after having wan-
dered throughout the v hole constitution m quest oi some
congenial spot whereon to fasten, has been at length lo-
cated. by the gentleman from Georgia. [Mr. Crahford,] on
thatpiovision which authorizes Cor^ss to lay and collect
taxe^.Scc. In 1791, the power is referod to one part of the
i^rrsHnent; in 1811, to another. Sometimes it is alleged to
be deducible from the power to regulate commerce. H9rd
pressed, lu-rc, it disappear*. itself under thfl
grant to coin money. The sagacious Secretary of the
Treasury, in 1791, (meaning Alexander Hamilton,) pursye4
the wisest course; he has talcen shelter behind general, high-
sounding, and imposing terms., He has declared, in the pre-
amble to the act establishing the bank, that it will be vety
conducive to the successful conducting the national finances:
will tend to give facility to the obtaining of loans; and. will
be productive of considerable advantage to' trade and indus-'
ti) in general." - , •
Where does he find "this vagrant power to erect a
bank?" Is it still wandering up and down the con-
stitution? Has he not adopted "the wisest course"
of the secretary, Mr. Hamilton, and "taken shelter
behind general, high-sounding,'and imposing terms?"
Occupying the same position, it-is natural that he
should use the same "high-sounding terms" to effect
the same object.
THE INCIDENTAL POWER TO CREATE THE
BANK.
On this point Mr. Clay used the following lan-
guage:
"The accessory is exalted above the principal. As well
might it be said that the great luminary of day is an acces-
sory—a satellite to the humblest star that twinkles forth its
feeble light in the firmament of heaven!"
And now he would convince the world that the
humblest star is the principal, and the great lumi-
nary of day its satellite—that the incident is superior
to the principal. Consistency, thou art a jewel!
FALSE PROPHETS IN 1800 AS WELL AS 1844.
Mr. Clay said:
"Upon the change of parties in 1800, it must be well rec-
ollected that the greatest calamities were predicted as con-
sequences of that event. Intentions were ascribed to the
new occupants of power, of violating the public faith and
prostrating national credit. Under such circumstances, that -
they should act with great circumspection was quite nat-
ural. They saw in full operation a bank, chartered by a
Congress who had as much right to judge of their constitu-
tional powers as their successors."
The spirit of federalism, like its principles, re-
mains unchanged through a period of more than
forty years. The same "calamities are predicted,"
and always have been predicted, as consequences of'
the success of the democratic party. The man who
was the first to expose and rebuke these unfoundei-
assertions, is now the loudest m proclaiming them
against the same party, and his own "old princi-
ples."
THE CONSTITUTION SUPERIOR TO PRECE-
DENTS.
On this subject he said:
"Here no rule exists but the constitution, and to legis-
late upon the ground merely that our predecessors thought
themselves authorized, under similar circumstances, to
legislate, is to sanctify error and perpetuate usurpation."
Now, how changed! Everything is justified by pre-
cedent; it has become superior to the constitution.
"Errors are sanctified, and usurpation perpetuated,"
under the plea of precedent, and by no man more
than him, who, in 1811, uttered the just, noble, and
and manly sentiment 1 have just read.
BANK UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
Mr. Clay said:
"I conceive, then, sir, that we are not empowered by tkc
constitution, nor bound by any practice undent, to renew
the charter of this bank: and I might here rest the argu-
ment.,,
This constitutional difficulty is removed, ex-,
tracted, undoubtedly, by some ingenious process,
familiar to those skilled in the mysteries of banking.
BANKITES RAISED FALSE CLAMOR IN 1811
AS THEY DO NOW.
He said:
"That some temporary inconvenience will arise, I shall
not deny, but most groundlessly have the recent failuies
m New York been attributed to the discontinuance of the
bank. As w ell might you ascribe the cause of the failures
of Amsterdam and Hamburg, of London and Liverpool.
Yes, sir; the protests of the notaries of London, not those
of New York, have occasioned these bankruptcies."
The alarm, the clamor, the pretences which were
used more than thirty years since in favor of a «a-
national bank, and which Mr, Clay, in his great
speech, most triumphantly demolished, are now the -
arguments and the instruments used to entrap the
people in the meshes of another bank—and by this
same Henry Clay.
MONEY IS POWER.
Says Mr. Clay:
"The power of a nation, it is said, consists in the sword
and the purse. Perhaps, at last, all power is resolveable
into that of the purse; for, with it, you may command almost
ei try thine; else.'*
Sir, it is by no means strange that Mr. Clay, en-
tertaining the opinion that "all power" is in the
purse, should wish to concentrate fifty millions in
the hands of a few men who would submit to his
control, and yield to him the power of the purse—
in his opinion "all power," and with which he be-
lieves he "can command everything."
