670
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
•Appropriation Bill—Mr. Rathbun.
H. of Reps.
Is it too much to say that his ambition, his love
of power, and influence, effaced his constitutional
objections, his party principles, and his political in-
tegrity? Once he held that such a bank was "dan-
gerous to our liberties." He now seeks its estab-
lishment, to subject the business, the property, and
the people, to his control.
CLAY OUT FOR A BANK IN 1816.
"The constructive powers being auxiliary to the specifi-
cally granted powers, and depending for their sanction and
existence upon a necessity to give effect to the latter,
•wh.ich necessity is to be sought for, and ascertained by a
sound and honest discretion, it is manifest that this necessity
may not be perceived, at one time, under one state of things,
when it is perceived, at another time, under a different state
of things. The constitution, it ts true, never changes; it is
always the same; but the force of circumstances, and the
lights of experience, may evolve to fallible persons, charged
■with the administration, the fitness, and necessity of a par-
ticular exercise of constructive power to-day, which they
did not see at a former period.'1
"Mr. C. proceeded to remark, that, when the application
"was made to renew the old charter of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States, such an institution did not appear to him to
be so necessary to the fulfilment ol any ol the objects" spe-
cifically enumerated in the constitution, as to justify Con-
gress in assuming, by construction, a power to establish it;
it was supported mainly upon the ground that it was indis-
pensable to the treasury operations. But the local institu-
tions in the several States were, at that time, m a prosper-
ous existence, confided in by the community, having a con-
fidence in each other, and maintaining an intercom se and
connection the most intimate. Many of them were actual-
ly employed hy the treasury, to aid that department in apart
of its fiscal arrangements; and they appeared to him to be
fully capable of affording to it all the facility that it ought
to desire in all of them. They superseded, in his judgment,
the necessity of a national institution. But how stood the
case in 181G, when lie was called upon again to examine the
power of th« general government to incorporate a nattonal
bank? A total change of circumstances was presented;
events of the utmost magnitude had intervene. A general
suspension of specie payments had taken place, and this
had lead to a tram of consequences of the most alarming na-
ture. Considering, then, that the state of the curiency was
such that no thinking man could contemplate it without the
most serious alarm—that it threatened general distress, if
it did not ultimately le<id to convulsion and subversion of
the government,—it appeared to him to be the duty oi Con-
gress to apply a remedy, if a lemcdy could be devised. A
national bank, with other auxiliary measuies, was proposed
as that jemedv.
"That which appeared to him in 1811, under the state of
things then exu-ting, not to be nccessary to the general
government, seemed now to be necessary under the piesent
state of things."' ,
The constitution had not changed, but he justified
himself on the ground that the banks had failed—
the necessity of the case. Sir, where is the neces-
sity of the case now? If it was unconstitutional to
charter a bank in 1811, because the State banks
were-sound, and business prosperous, how can it
be constitutional now, when the State banks ate
more sound, and business, as gentlemen tell us,
ne/er more prosperous than at this moment? The
necessity which effected the change in the constitu-
tion does not exist, now. Money, we are told, is
plenty; exchanges, we know, are regular and cheap.
Then, sir, Mr. Clay is thrown back upon his old,
honest, powerful argument of 1811—upon the consti-
tution which he so ably defended. But he has
fallen from that high estate. He leaped boldly from
the ramparts of the constitution, where he stood ltti
proudest champion, into the ranks of its assailants.
An immoitality of fame sacrificed at the shrine of
ambition.
The ''constructive powers" of the constitution
had expanded, in his judgment, sufficiently in five
years "to fasten" that'uvagrant power" which, in
1811, "was wandering through the constitution" in
search of a location, "under tht grant to coin
where it had rested temporarily in 1811, and
whence he dragged it, like a guilty thief, and sent it,
in its naked deformity, into the world, to roam like
a troubled spirit until he took it under his protec-
tion, and nestled it snugly under the broken frag-
ments of the constitution in 1816.
HE IS FOR PROTECTION.
March 10, 1838, he said:
'■There is protection fiom an end to the other of thi<* com-
promise act; modified and limited, it is tnie, but prott-c-
tion nevertheless.^
And again, on the 53d of Fubruary, 1833, while
Mr. Clay's compromise bill was under discussion
in the Senate ij reply to Mr. Webster, he said:
"JLs purpose, was piolccHon and, protection alone. He
deeply regretted the course the senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr Webster] had chosen to adopt, who had opposed
every tiling, and proposed nothing."
This declaration was made in reference to a bill
which was to reduce the duties gradually, until in
1841, when the highest rate of duty would be twen-
ty per cent, with discriminations below that rate.
And this is what Mr. Clay calls a bill "for protec-
tion, and protection alone." Mr. Webster on the
same day said of the bill:
"Tho gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] supports it
for one motive, others from another motive One, because
it secures protection; another, because it destroys protection"
A CHANGE—1841—WANTS NO PROTEC-
TION. '
In the Senate, January 21, 1841, Mr. Clay said:
"Carry out, then, (said he,) the spirit of the compromise
act. Look to revenue alone for the support of the govern-
ment. Do not raise the question of protection, which (said
the senator from Kentucky) I had hoped had been put to
rest There is no necessity of protection for protection "
And again, in his letter, October 2d, 1843, to Mr.
Meriwether of Georgia, to secure southern strength,
he says:
"No more revenue should be levied than is necessary to
an economical administration of the government. I should
nave preferred that the compromise, in ail its parts, (uni-
form duties of 20 per cent) could have been adhered to."
HIS TARIFF OPINIONS IN THE SOUTH.
"The fact that Mr. Clay is more of a free-trade man (advo-
cate as he is of a reasonable tariff) than Mr. Van Buren, is
becoming generally known to the people of the South."
[Iiuhmond IVhi*.
"We deny that Mr Tiny, or the whigs of Georgia, whose
candidate he is, seek for the establishment of a protective
tariff, but advocate the principles of the compromise act "
His friends support him at the South for his
free-trade principles—at the North because he is in
favor of a protective tariff. His declarations of prin-
ciple are regulated by the market in which they are
to be used. His object is to secure votes. His prin-
ciples, like his constitutional scruples, depend upon
the peculiar circumstances of the case. All things
to all men, is his motto. Everything for ambition-
nothing for principle.
HIS LOVE FOR THE WEST.
On the 26th of January, 1838, in his speech on
the pre-emption bill, he said:
"The deteiinination to i-,ush this bill through by the ma-
jority , was evinced hv the manner in which its provisions
weie eulogized as equitable to all, and especially calculated
to give homes to the poor man; but with regard to some in-
sinuations which had been thrown out of a 'grasping spirit,'
he bogged leave to repel the charge, and would throw it
back to where it belonged, viz: on the new States."
This is his opinion of the people of the "new
States," to whom his friends have appealed to come
up to his support as their especial friend.
HIS OPINIONS OF THE PliE-EMPTIONERS
FURTHER DEVELOPED.
Tn the same speech, he said:
"The fact was, that the pre-emption system putrified and
corrupted all it touched. Mr C. alluded to the Miami re-
serve. Lands worth from $10 to $40 per acre had been in-
truded upon by lawless men, in violation of the lights of the
government; and yet these 'poor, honest settlers' were to
have the rights of pre-emption. What right had these men
to, the public lands' By what right did they seize upon and
iob the United States oVtheir possessions? As well might
they seize upon the dollars in the public treasuiy, on the
forts, aisenals, and public ships, as on the public lands."
Now these "robbers" and "plunderers" are urged
to support the man who slandered them, on account
of his peculiar friendship for them. He appeals to
these noble, generous, enterprising "robbers" and
"plunderers" to help him; to save him; to give him
their suffrages; to save him from the storm of popu-
lar indignation which is heard on every hand. Sir,
can they fail to resnond to this loving appeal from
the hero of Ashland? Can they prove so ungrateful?
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hardin] will ex-
plain it all to the entire satisfaction of the hardy pi-
oneer of the West.
NATIVE AMERICAN PARTY" ITS ORIGIN.
In reply to Mr. Buchanan, on the same bill, Mr.
Clay said:
"Does lie mpan to compare the PeKalbs, the Steubens
the Lafayettes, the Pulaskis. with the horde* of foieign pau-
pers that are constantly flooding our shores7 f *
He thought this government had been quite aslib.ialin its
policy towards foreigners as was pioper or desirable."'
And again:
' He thanked the senator from Matyland for introducing h
proposition for conferring the bounty of the government on
our own race instead of holding out a general invitation to
all the paupers of all the European governments to come
here and compete with our own hone-4 poor."
Is this the sentiment of a great and liberal-minded
statesman?—oris it the outpouring of drep-seited
malignity upon the whole body of emigrants who
fly from the hand of tyranny and oppression—
abandoning all the endearments of kindred and
country—coming hither to enjoy that liberty which
exists here, and here only—because, when they ar-
rive here, most of them oppose him and his party5
Is this the cause of his bitter hate of foreigners:
Sir, I expect to hear him appeal to the good, the
honest, the noble, the patriotic foreigner, to support
him, because he is their friend." They will remem-
ber the injury—the bitter scorn—the insult—the op-
probrious epithets—he has unjustly heaped upoa
them; they will recollect it as the vile spirit which
originated "the alien and sedition law;" they will
spurn him, as he would hare spurned them from
our shores. Erin's sons will remember his abuse
of the Liberator.
TURNS A SOMERSET IN 1825.
1 shall n#t require any authority to establish the
fact of his implacable hatred to Mr. Adams, until
about the time of his marching all his forces over to
him, and assisting in electing him President, and
accepting the office of Secretary of State-under him
—not under a contract! not for the gratification of
his ambition! not to defeat the will of the people of
his own State, or of the nation; hut for the good of
the country! Pure patriotism, unadulterated by
selfishness! "The Yankee beat the hero"—not by
contract, but by accident;—and he was made Secre-
tary of State by accident!
His letter to F. P. Blair, during the pendency of ne-
gotiations with the friends of Mr. Adams, discloses
the foul bargain by which this ambitious man was
to obtain power and office, and to place himself ill
the line of succession to the presidency. It is dated
January 8, 1825, and says:
"A friend comes to me, with tears in his eyes, ami says:
Sir, Mr. Adams has always had the greatest respect for you,
and the highest admiration for your talents. There is no
station to which you aie not equal. You are undoubtedly
the second choice of New England; and I pray you to con-
sider whether the public good, and j our own future mte-
lests do not distinctly point 3 ou to the course you ought to
puisue. My friends entertain the belief that their kind
wishes towards ine will, in the end, be more likely to be ac-
complished, by so bestowing their votes. Your representa-
tive is inclined to concur with us in those sentiments; and
as I know Ins respect for your opinion, I request, if you
concur 111 our views, that you will write to him by return
mail, to strengthen him in his inclinations. Show this to
Crittenden alone."
The good of the country, and the admiration of
Mr. Adams, and the tears of his friend, prevailed
over Mr. Clay's Greek integrity; he gave the votes
and took the bribe for the good of the country.
HE HATES AND DESPISES THE PEOPLE.
In supporting Mr. Adams in 1825, for the officc
of President, he violated the known and expressed
wishes of the people of the Union, and of Kentucky
in particular. They preferred General jackson, and
they had so advised him. Again: in supporting
the bankrupt law—a law conceived in wickedness—
grossly unjust—contrived for the benefit of profli-
gates and genteel swindlers—intended to rob hon-
est creditors out of honest and just debts—he vio-
lated the known and expressed wishes of the peo-
ple of Kentucky. And again: by his vote against
the repeal of that law, he spurned and insulted the
people of his own State. He answered their respect-
ful request to vote for the repeal of that law—"I will
not."
To complete the catalogue of his contempts for
the people, I refer again to his abuse of the pioneers
of the West, whom he denounced as a "lawless
rabble," and a set of "plunderers and robbers;" and
to his abuse of our adopted citizens, and his insults
to the people of Rhode Island, who were seeking
their just rights, as freemen and American citizens.
HE IS TYRANNICAL IN HIS DISPOSITION.
His temper is sufficiently illustrated by the man-
ner in which he has spoken of the action of whig
conventions. His language is the most insolent and
contemptuous; and he declared that he would never
again allow his name to go before a convention. His
ingratitude to General Harrison for years of devot-
ed service—which drew from the general the letter to
Mr. Brent of this city, and which is before me,
complaining of Mr. Clay's ingratitude—exhibit hi3
true character. His dictatorial conduct in Con-
gress, from the extra session until his resigna-
tion, is stamped with all the characteristics of
a tyrant and "dictator. His war upon the Pres-
ident for exercising lv's, constitutional power in
objecting to his United States bank bills and his
war upon the constitution itself, because it ob-
structed the complete gratification of his will, are of
the same character. He will submit to no restraint;
laws and constitutions arc hateful and intolerable to
him when they interpose themselves between him
and the object of his ambition. He would rend the
constitution, and tear from it, with sacrilegious
hand, the only check it provides against hasty and
corrupt legislation. He has no respect for the great
and good men who framed it; none for the beauty
and sublimity of the structure; none for the liberty
of the people, which it is designed to guard and pro-
tect; it is a stumbling-block in his path to supreme
authority, and therefore lie would demolish it.
