June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Rathbun.
H. of Reps.
he is a violator of the laws of god
and man.
Thrice has he given or accepted challenges to
meet his fellow-man in deadly strife. Twice has he
met his antagonists in the field, and deliberately and
repeatedly attempted to take their lives—^Marshall
of Kentucky, and Randolph of Virginia—both for
offences given in debate in legislative bodies. The
blood of the murdered Cilley rests upon his soul; its
crimson is upon his hand. But his biographer al-
leges that he regrets his duels, and repents. What
evidence have we of the sincerity of his repentance?
The following is the fruit of his repentance:
"Old or young, I am ready to meet him and his whole
phalanx upon any theatre of actiont hey may choose to se-
lect!"—Mr. Cluy's reply to Senator Walker, 1840.
"For the senator from Alabama [Mr. King] to undertake to
put me on an equality with Blair, constrains me "to say that
it was false, untiue, and cowardly It was under this
impression that I addressed to the chair some remarks
which 1 intended as a deliberate offence to that senator. . .
 I was ready at all times promptly to repair an inju-
ry, as I hope I ever shall be to repel an indignity."—Quar-
rel with King, March, 1841.
This is the insulting, taunting language of an old
man—a man who had been engaged in three duels
on his own account, and who had written the chal-
lenge, and directed the proceedings which led to the
murder of Cilley. More than sixty years had
sprinkled his heacl with gray hairs, and should have
taught him the principles of religion, morality, mod-
eration, and forbearance. They have left him eager
for human gore and the honors of the duellist Sir,
the only substantial evidence of his reformation I
can find, is contained in the following bond:
''U.vitld States of America,
''District of Columbia, to wit:
"Be it remembered, that on the 10th day of March, in the
year of our Lord one thousand eighthundred and forty-one,
before us, two of the justices of the peace for the county of
Washington of the District of Columbia, personally appear-
ed Hemy.Clay and Willis Green, and severally acknowl-
edged themselves to owe the United States of America—
that is to say, the said Henry Clay five thousand dollars,
and the said Willis Green five thousand dollars, each—to be
respectively levied on their bodies, goods and chattels,
lands and tenements, to and for the use of the said United
States, if the said Henry Clay shall make default in the per-
formance of the conditions underwritten.
"The conditions of the above recognizance are such, that
if the above-mimed Henry Clay shall keep the peace of the
"United S+ates t mards all persons, and particularly towards
William R King, men this recognizance shall be \oid; oth-
eiwise, of full force and virtue.
"Acknowledged before us,
"B. K. MORSELL, J. P.
f/W. THOMPSON, J. P.
A true copy—attest: W. clerk."
Sir, this is the first time in the history of this
country that any man ever dared to present himself
as a candidate for the highest office in the gift of the
people while under bonds not to eommit murder.
Five thousand dollars restrain the passions of
decrepid old age, and save the life of a human be-
ing. Morality and religion, humanity and generos-
ity, are powerless with him—trifling as air; but dol-
lars and cents cool the ardor of this venerable
knight of the pistol. Is this the kind of man to in-
trust with political power? Is that man fit to govern
others, who cannot govern himself?
RELIGION AND MORALITY IN DANGER UN-
LESS HE IS ELECTED.
Sir, we have often been told upon this floor, that
the good of this country, and the welfare and pros-
perity of the people, depend upon his election. Oat
of this House, grave considerations are urged upon
the religious portion of the community: they are
told that, to preserve religion and good morals, it
necessary to elect Mr. Clay. Sir, when did he be-
come the conservator of morality and religion?
Where and when has he shown any respect for
eithei? Is it to be found in his duels? Is it to be
found in his participation in the duel in which Cilley
fell? Is it to be found in the language addressed to
Hie Speaker of this House, (Mr. Polk,) then in that
r-liair, when he said to him "Gohomp., God damn you'
where you belong!''' Is it to be found in his attempt
to fight a duel with an honorable senator (Mr.
King?) Is it to be found in his processions, with
music playing and banners flying on Sundays—in
his political mission to the South5 1 might ask his
friends here, whether, on his present mission, he
went forth as the champion of religion and morality
—with his life in one hand and the Bible in the other;
or whether he went forth on a political mission for
the advancement of his own interest, armed with his
accustomed weapons, the pistol in one hand and
cards in the other?
whig principles are personified in
him.
So say the poets, and orators, and novelists of this
party. To ascertain what are whig principles, we
must look to his. When Missouri was admitted into
the Union, he was a member of this House, and
took- part in this discussion, and then proclaimed
his principles. From that day to this he has never
been kaown to change them, so far as I can learn.
In his speech on the 15th day of February, 1819,
he said:
OG^'If the gentlemen WILL NOT ALLOW US TO
HAVE BLACK SLAVES, THEY MUST LET US HAVE
WHITE ONES: FOR WE CANNOT CUT OUR FIRE-
WOOD AND BLACK OUR SHOES, AND HAVE OUR
WIVES AND DAUGHTERS WORK IN THE KITCH-
EN."
It is denied by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
White] that Mr. Clay ever used this language.
And I have noticed in the public papers that Mr.
Clay himself is disposed to deny it. At any rate,
he can't recollect using the language. Now sir, I
shall undertake to prove that he did use this lan-
guage. For that purpose, I shall first allude to the'
evidence furnished by a member of this House, of
which Mr, Clay was then speaker—a gentleman
who replied to Mr. Clay on tne same day he deliv-
ered his speech; who was subsequently speaker of
this House; and who, for many years of his life, has
been on the same side in politics with Mr. Clay,
and still is, if living. I mean John W. Taylor, of
New York. His speech was written out by him-
self, and will be found in the National Intelligencer
of the 20th day of March, 1819; and contains the fol.
lowing passage:
"You cannot degrade it (labor) more effectually than by
establishing a system whereby it shall be performed prin-
cipally by slaves. The business in which they are general-
ly engaged, be it what it may, soon becomes debased in pub-
lic estimation. It is considered low and unlit for freemen.
I cannot better illustrate this truth than by referring to a
remark of the honorable gentleman from Kentucky, (Mr.
Clay.) I have often admned the liberality of his senti-
ments. He is governed by no vulgar prejudices, yet with
what abhorrence did helspeak of the performance by 'our wives
and daughters ol those domestic offices which he was phased
to call servi/e? What comparison did he make between the
"black slaves'" of Kentucky, and the "white slaves"' of the
North;_and how instantly did he strike the balance in favor
of the former? If such opinions ari expressions, even m
the order of debate, can fallfrom that honorable gentleman,
what ideas do you suppose cue entertained of laboring men
by the majority of slaveholders "
Here, sir, I contend is the substance of the lan-
guage proved upon Mr. Clay—language no less
offensive, no less disgusting. \
But I now pass to the next witness. An honora-
ble member of this House from the State of Ver-
mont, [Mr. Rich,] also made a speech in reply to
Mr. Clay on the 17th day of February, 1820, and
his speech, written out by himself, was published it
the National Intelligencer on the 1st day of July,
1820. To this speech he appended a note, in which
he says that Mr. Clay remarked to the following
effect—using the language which I have before re-
peated. During all this time Mr. Clay was in the
House, and Speaker of the House. These honora-
ble members gave their testimony—one twenty-five
and the other twenty-four years ago. They had no
interest to misrepresent the facts; they were not un-
friendly to Mr. Clay; they had no desire to injure
him, or to range themselves among his enemies;
they spoke honestly; I believe they spoke truly. If
they had not, I ask would this testimony—this
written, concurring evidence—have been permitted
to stand twenty-four years uncontradicted—unex-
plained? Which is the most reliable evidence, the
written speeches in answer to Mr. Clay, and print-
ed soon after—written when all the facts were fresh
m the recollection of the speakers? or the frail recol-
lection-of a man striving for office, who may wish to
forget5 Remember, sir, that a quarter of a century
has sincc elapsed. Well may Mr. Clay say he does
not remember; his forgetting docs not disprove the
fact. Messrs. Taylor and Rich, members of this
House, do remember. The record of their testi-
mony has outlived one of them, as well as the
memory of Mr. Clay. Now, sir, this is my proof—
not legal, but moral proof—of a fact, which no in-
genuous mind can disbelieve. I believe every word
of it; and 1 would credit such evidence at this re-
mote period against the concurrent "don't-remem-
ber" testimony of a thousand purely disinterested
witnesses. Much more do I believe it in opposition
to the declaration of one so deeply interested as Mr.
Clay.
Yes, sir, he must have "white slaves to saw his
wood and black his boots!" I promised the mem-
ber from Illinois to find a place for his picture, and
to suggest the proper alterations. This is the place.
The alterations I recommend are few, but appro-
priate; first, a full-length portrait of "the embodi-
ment of whig principles, (Mr. Clay;) second, the
gentleman himself, or any -of his constituents, de-
nounced by Mr. Clay as "squatters, robbers,
or plunderers," in the garb of a slave, "sawing
his wood," and his wife or daughter "blacking the-
boots" of the master. I .recommend to him to take
this picture, thus appropriately arranged, and carry
it to his constituents, and show it to them, and to
their wives and daughters; tell them he is the em-
bodiment of whig principles; tell them how much
money "Mr. Van Buren and his cabinet stole or
squandered;" tell them "Mr. Van Buren was op-
posed to the war;" tell them Mr. Van Buren reject-
ed the votes of two revolutionary soldiers, ana re-
ceived that of a rich negro: tell them all this; tell
them Mr. Polk is a free trade man; then show them
this picture, and repeat the words of Mr. Clay:
"We muse have white slaves to saw our wood, and
black our boots;" and leave them to act as con-
science and self-respect shall dictate! Their votes
will tell whether they are fit to be freemen or slaves.
The gentleman is a picture manufacturer—I am not.
He has made a caricature. I recommend one to
him, true to the life; will he .put his genius once
more to task?
NEVER RESTORE THE DYNASTY OF MR, "
VAN BUREN.
No, sir; we are told that the Van Buren dynasty
must never be restored! No restoration! Have they
forgotten the fall of the dynasty of 1828, when the
Clay-bank-American-system dynasty was over-
thrown? Would they restore it to power?
MR. CLAi^S POPULARITY.
We hear much of the popularity of Henry Clay.
Where is the evidence of it? Is it to be found in the
fulsome-flattery and nonsense of doggerel rhymes?
Is it to be found in his twenty years of ceaseless ef-
fort to crawl into the presidential chair? Is it to be
found in his shameful defeats in 1824 and 1832; or
his still more shameful rejection, in 1840, by the
whig convention? Is it because he still adheres to
that "obsolete idea, a bank of the United States?".
Is it because he is in favor of distribution to help
States and stock-jobbers, and taxation to drain the
pockets of the people to replace it? If none of these
things produce it, what does? Sir, the election will
show that his popularity is confined to that class
whom he has helped to quarter upon the laboring
classes—the receivers of bounties. He was always
supposed, by his friends, to be popular before an-
election, but always runs far enough in the rear to
avoid the dirt from the heels of his adversary. He
will do so again. The people will never trust him;
they dare not—they will not. 1 will tell you, sir,
and this House, why not. I wish it to be under-
stood as strictly confidential—I should be sorry to
have it get abroad among the people. His past life
furnishes the clearest evidence of his true character;
and aside from the glare and tinsel of the orator,
there is little to admire, and much to condemn and
fear.
He is a bold, imperious, dangerous man; and, above
all, he is ambitious—dangerously ambitious. His-
tory records, among the ambitious men of the past,
who triumphed over the laws and constitutions of
their countries—men who seized and exercised des-
potic power over the people—men who became dic-
tators and tyrants—the names of Ctesar, Caligula;
and Cromwell. Catiline attempted it, but fell be-
fore the scorching eloquence of Cicero. Sir, this
letter C is an ominous letter. We have seen (and
in this instance to be feared) the votes of a State
turned away contrary to the wishes of the people,
for office. We have seen Mr. Clay recently exer-
cising dictatorial power in this government. We
have seen him spurning the antimasons with dis-,
daiu and contempt a few years since, and nov
crouching submissively and suppliantlv to obtain
their votes. We have seen him hurling scorn, con-
tempt, and defiance at abolitionists; and now, to ob-
tain their votes, bending the pliant knee to them.
They cannot be deceived. They know that, when
he has obtained the power, he will rise majestic as
a lion, and again shake his mane, and send foith
such a roar of defiance as will teach them the fully
of trusting the suppliant but untamed and uncon-
trollable spirit of ambition. We have seen him
roaming from State to State, for months immedi-
ately preceding his nomination, with a countenance
