65 §
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep sensi-
bility the communication from the House of Representa-
tives, announcing the death of the honorable Almon H.
Read, representative in Congress from the State of Pennsyl-
vania.
"Resolved, That in token of sincere and high respect for
-the memory of the deceased, the members and officers of
the Senate -will wear crape on the left arm as mourning for
thirty days; and: as a further remark of respect—■
"Resolved, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The question was put, the resolutions were unan-
imously adopted, and
The Senate accordingly adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 10,1844.
The journal of yesterday having been read,
TEXAS.
Mr. WOODWARD, by general consent of the
House, presented a preamble and resolutions adopt-
ed at a meeting of citizens of the Lancaster district,
South Carolina, in favor of the annexation of Texas:
laid on the table.
Mr. SEYMOUR, ofNew York, presented the re-
monstrance of Elihu Smith and 76 others, of Rens-
slaer county, New York, against the annexation of
Texas.
BANKING.
Mr. PRATT asked leave to introduce a bill au-
thorizing a system of banking in the District of Co-
lumbia: objected to, and not received.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. W. J. BROWN asked leave to offer a reso-
lution that the bill of the Senate making appropria-
tions for the continuation of the Cumberland road in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, be made the
special order of the day for Wednesday next.
Objections being mane,
Mr. W. J. BROWN moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. HARPER called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the question being taken,
resulted in yeas 82, nays 83.
Mr. ELLIS moved that the rules be suspended for
the purpose of going into Committee of the Whole
on the Post Office bill; but after some conversation,
withdrew the motion.
DEATH OF THE HON. A. H. READ.
Mr. B1DLACK rose and addressed the House as
follows:
Mr. Speaker: In pursuance of the request of the deleea
tson from Pennsylvania, I have risen for the purpose of an-
nouncing the mournful intelligence of the death of one of
our colleagues. The Hon. Almon H. Kead, late a member
of this House, died on the 3d of the present month, at Mon-
trose, the place of his residence, in the countv of Susque-
hanna. Mr. Read was 53 years of age. He was born at
hhelburne, m the State ofVeimont; he was three years at
the University at Burlington, and subsequently a student at
Williamstown College, in Massachusetts.
In the year 1S14 he settled at Montrose, in the State of
Pennsylvania, where he became a respectable member of
the bar In 1827, he was elccted a member of the Pennsvl-
vania legislature, and having served faithfully five years in
the House of Representatives, he was a chosen a member
of the Senate, where he remained four years. Before the
expiration of his senatorial term, he was elected a senatorial
delegate to the State convention to amend the constitution
in 1B40, he was elected treasurer of the State, and was sub-
sequently returned to fill a vacancy as a member of this
body in the last Congress. In all these numerous and va-
liud political relations, he acted well his part, and "theie all
the honor lies." He was possessed of a strong vigorous
and cultivated intellect, which enabled him to be a°di<;tin-
guished member of all the deliberative assemblies with
•which he w^s associated, so long as the health of his body
permitted the free and full exercise of the powers of his en-
ergetic mind.
He is now no more! In the circumstances attending this
painful event, how forcibly are we reminded of the uncertain-
ty of all human calculations! When I first had the honor of
taking a seat upon this fioor as a member, it was in com-
pany with my trieM and colleague, the immediate prede-
cessor of Mr. Read, whose death we now deplore. 'I hat
gentleman (Mr. Dimock) was then in the enjoyment of
health and all the rainbow prospects of buoyant youth and
brilliant expectations. At the next sesbiuu we were called to
the solemn ceremony of placing him upon the Ion"- list of
those whom the angel of death selected for his victim from
the Pennsylvania representatives. He served to swell the
unexampled number that made Pennsylvania a chief mourn-
er. and called her so repeatedly to deplore her loss. At
the commencement of the present session, Mr. Reap, al-
though he was in a feeble state of health, was anxious, as he
always had been, to do all in his power for the faithful dis-
charge of the duties that de\olved upon him. He according-
ly repaired to this city, and for a time attended the sessions
01 this body, ft was soon apparent, however, both to him-
seli, im physicians, and his friends, that neither prudence
nor duty would sanction an> further efforts of that nature
Finding himself daily growing more feeble, and, as wasverv
natural, desiring, under such circumstances, the soolhma-
cares and attention of his own family at his own fireside fo?
' a,^t,nc e}°«iVhlCh n?thmS else C0llld compensate, he made
oi ftis tittle remaining strength to return to his home.
It is some consolation to us all to learn that he was
permitted to arrive there, and to breathe his last wishes and
last hopes in the presence of those who knew him best and
loved him most. "Who does not admit tKat nothing that I can
say, and nothing that we can do, will assuage their grief, or
dr> their tears? Let their tears flow on; I would not stop
them if I could; they become the woman, whilst they de-
grade not, but elevate the man; and they alleviate the pent-
up emotions of the wounded spirit. II there be aught in this
cold world that can assist the consolations of religion to
smooth the dying pillow, we must all look for it, and hope
for it, in the angel-like ministrations and attentions of those
who are bound to us by the ties of affection and love.
I have said he died at home. Is there a heart that docs
not leap at the mention of home? As we are now soon to
part, may I not be permitted to take this occasion to wish
you all a safe return, and whatever may befall us through
life, to hope that we, when called to die, may "die among
our kindred and friends," and be surrounded by the exhibi-
tions of their regard while we remain, and of their remem-
brance when we are gone? I have been pained to hear it
said that all the honors paid to the dead are but solemn
mockery. Who does not feel that these tokens form a kind
of frontier between this world and the next7 between the
living and the dead? There is around them an eloquence
of feeling as deep and strong as the sources of life itself.
They point beyond the din and turmoil of this existence to
brighter and purer scenes of action above the clouds of life's
darkness, and out of the reach of the influence of its chilling
blasts and merciless storms.
There is, perhaps, no emotion of the human heart more
ennobling and commendable, and, at the same time, more
controlling, than that which constrains us to desire the love
and esteem of those who are associated with us w hile we
live, to be with our family and friends when we die, and to
have an assurance that our memories shall be cherished
with tokens of grateful recollection when we are gon<*. Oh'
who could endure to live without friends; or, having them,
to die. in the expectation of being forgotten by them'' it
was the influence of foelings- like these, under the fear of
being to "dumb forgetfulness a prey.'' that induced the ex-
clamation, "Plato, thou reasonest well."
it was this which, even under the feeble rays of nature's
light, produced that "longing after the immortality'" which
was "brought to light m the gospel." ^
This sentiment should be encouraged, not for any effect
it can have upon the departed, but for the benefit of the liv-
ing It is, in some measure, in expectation of the grateful
acknowledgment of posterity, that the true philosopher and
statesman toils amid difficulties; and to some extent, from
the same motive, the true hero "dares to die for his'coun-
try." It is this which has led to the erection of the pyra-
mid, the mausoleum, and the monument, and which causes
us to look with so much emotion upon the tumulus that-
covers the ashes of the mighty dead.
Aside from the hopes m which we may indulge beyond
the grave, there is nothing but the enjoj'ment of this senti-
ment, which may be termed the poetry of oui existence
that is so much calculated to render existence desirable. It
is the encouragement of this feeling which has sanctioned
the custom, m pursuance of which "l have made this public
announcement of the death of our colleague, and now ask
the adoption of the following resolutions.
He concluded by offering the usual resolutions
of condolence and sysmpathy, agreeing to wear
crape for thirty days, and, as a further mark of re-
spect, the cessation of all legislation during the day.
The House then adjourned.
The following petitions presented to-day were
handed to the reporter by the members presenting
them:
By Mr. HOPKINS: The proceedings of a public meeting,
held m the county of Tazewell, in the State of Virginia on
the 2oth day of May, 1844; which were laid upon the
table.
By Mr E. J. MORRIS: Eight petition? from citizens of
1 hiladelphia, askmg an extension of the naturalization laws
to twenty-onelyears.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 11, 1844.
Mr. BATES presented additional documents in
relation to the claim of David Ames; which were re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. McDUFFIE presented three several pream-
bles and resolutions adopted at public meetings of
citizens of Beaufort Bridge, Barnwell district, citi-
zens of Sumpter district, and of citizens of St.
John's Collection, in South Carolina, m favor of
the annexation of Texas to the United States; which
were ordered t'o lie on the table.
Mr. MERRICK presented a petition from Wal-
ter S. Alexander, of Alexandria county, District of
Columbia, praying for the passage of a bill chang-
ing the venue for the trial of the validity of a certain
will: referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia. Subsequently,
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill for the relief of
Walter S. Alexander, which was read, and ordered
to a second reading; and, on his motion, th • bill was
taken up, considered as in committee of the whole,
and after a few remarks by Mr. WOODBURY
against legislating in special cases of this character,
and by Mr. MERRICK showing that a fair trial
could not be had in the county of Alexandria, the
bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
ELECTION OF ELECTORS FOR PRESIDENT.
Mr. WRIGHT presented two memorials from
citizens of Troy, New York, condemning the con-
duct of the Judiciary Committee of the Senate in re-
porting amendments to the bill of the House of
Representatives, fixing the same day throughout the
United States for the election of electors of President
and Vice President of the United States, ard praying
the Senate to pass the bill as it came from the House,
and thus to make its provisions applicable to the
approaching presidential election. Ordered to lie on
the table; the bill being now before the Senate.
DRUMMOND LIGHT.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial from sundry
ship owners and masters of the port of Baltimore,
praying Congress to direct the institution of experi-
ments with the oxyhydrogen lime light, popularly
called the Drummond Light, with the view to its
use in the light houses of the United States as cheap-
er and better than oil or gas: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from D. M.
Evans, ofNew York, praying that the pensionwhich
he formerly had, may be continued to him: referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TAPPAN said it would be recollected, that
some few days since, he presented a memorial from
Zanesville, Ohio, in favor of the ratification of the
treaty for the annexation of Texas to the United
States. He stated, when presenting the petition,
that he supposed the public had been imposed upon
as to the fact, that if the treaty was not ratified, the
British government would get possession of Texas
—that it was a fraudulent imposition upon the pub-
lic mind. He (Mr. T.) now presented three memo-
rials from the inhabitants of the same place, remon-
strating against the ratification of that treaty, which,
he was understood to remark, sustained the position
that he then assumed, that a fraud had been attempt-
ed on the public mind. The petitions represent
that a very large majority of the people there ai e
opposed to the treaty: ordered to he on the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial, nume-
rously signed, from citizens of Pennsylvania, ur-
ging, in strong terms, that the Senate ratify the trea-
ty for the annexation of Texas to the United States;
and, if they should not do it, that both Houses
of Congress admit Texas as a Territory of the Uni-
ted States: ordered to lie on the table.
NATURALIZATION OF ALIENS.
Mr. BUCHANAN also presented two memori-
als from citizens of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-
vania, residents of Philadelphia county and city,
asking that the naturalization laws be so amended
as to require of foreigners a residence of twenty-one
years in the country previous to the privilege of vo-
ting being conferred; and that such privileges should
be granted under more solemn sanctions than are at
present required: referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee.
Mr. ARCHER presented eleven memorials, nu-
merously signed by citizens of the city and county
of Philadelphia, of the same character, requiring a
residence of twenty-one years of foreigners before
conferring on them the privilege of voting.
Mr. ARCHER said, before moving the reference
of these memorials, he deemed it necessary to advert
to some remarks made a few days ago by the honor-
able senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,]
m which he expressed the wish that the Judiciary
Committee would take action on the memorials upon
this subject this session of Congress; from which
remarks it might be supposed by the nation that
action would or could be had on them this session.
It was proper (said Mr. A.) that the memorialists
should know that the time was too short before the
adjournment to admit of the possibility of decided
action by the Judiciary Committee upon their me-
morials. He did not, therefore, concur in the opin-
ion of the senator from Pennsylvania that that com-
mittee should act upon so important a subject in so
short a time; and he would take that opportunity to
say that, when an occasion proper should arise, if no
ene in that body more competent to the task should
move in the matter, he would put himself forward
to make the motion necessary to secure the object of
the petitioners. J
Mr. BUCHANAN. Do I understand the sena-
tor from Virginia to say that the Committee on the
Judiciary would not act upon the memorials this
session?
