Apnl,JLB4A.
Art^ixmx TU THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6T3
23th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Wethered.
H; of Reps.
: In 1841. In 1843;
Cast hollow ware per lb. • 4 3 a 3&
Flat iron per lb. - - 7 5i a 6l
Anvils per lb. • • a 16§ 9 a 14
Vices'jterlb. - - 1-5 a 20 10 a'14
Scythe blades per dozen 16 14
Weeding and hilling hoes pr. doz. 3 a 8 '24 a 6|
Nails, Richmond made >1 a 5| 3f a 4
Carpenter's knob locks average full 33| less in 1843, stock
locks full 20 per cent, less; table knives and forks and pock-
et knives 33| less, spades and shovels 20 per cent/less; trice
chains 5 per cent, less; cross-cut and mill saws 12£ per cent,
less.
'Gentlemen ask, if all this be so, why is it we want pro-
tective duties, particularly if their tendency be to reduce
prices'? We answer, that protection is wanted to secure a
market for our goods; the manufacturers only want regular
trade and cmplj merit for every individualin the communi-
ty. When that is the case, they can run the whole of their
machinery the full time. .Protection gives .this; it secures a
healthy, steady demand; they consequently have ready sales
and quick retuhrs; but when they have a precarious, uncer-
tain, fluctuating market, they are obliged to stop one-half,
three-fourths, or perhaps the whole of' their machinery.
This is the reason-the manufacturers, above all tlmigs5i
want steadiness of legislation; this vacillating policy did
more to break up manufactures than any thing else. Let
the same protection be given to the American mechanic and
manufacturer than these classes receive in all widely ad-
mlnistered-and well regulated governments in Europe, and
it will soon be demonstrated that .America, in this depart-
men of social and political -economy, as in every thing else,
can successfully compete with the whole world-
Ifl am not sufficiently clear'to gentlemen, I will endeavor
to exemplify my meaning by relating a circumstance.which
happened a few days since. A lady (the best authority in
the world) inforrhed me that she had called at the shoema-
ker's shop of one of my constituents to purchase a pair of
shoes, for which he.charged her 75 cents. Why, said the
lady to. him, do you now only ask me 75 cents for these
shoes, when I heretofore always paid one dollar for the
same kind? Wherefore h ive you lallen in price? Oh, mad-
am. 'tis the glorious effects of the last tariff'. How, then,
said the lady, are you in favor of a tariff which brings down
the price of your shoes* Simply because every body now,
owing to the improvement in all branches of business, has
employment; we lose no time; are paid in good money; and
I do a better business at 75 cents per pair than I did before
at $1. ' ~
Sir, I hope, in the face of all these facts,' and the addition-
al evidences I shall lay before you,' we shall have no more
crocodile tears shed here for the people, under a pretended
sympathy ori account of their being so much oppressed by
a protective tariff: all they ask is to be let alone. The peo-
ple have not called for a repeal of this tariff; they want no
'more experiments.
The honorable gentleman from Indiana.[Mr. Wright]
said that, in 1810, twelve pages only were required to keep
the account of dutiable articles at the Treasury Department,
and was horror-struck at finding that forty-four pages were
now used for that purpose. I take this as decided evidence
that we are becoming, as a nation, more independent, as our
own mechanics manufacture many articles now for which
we were heretofore dependent upon foreign nations. I trust
that the list may go on to increase until we are truly inde-
pehdent in every respect. " '
I will now proceed to;show some of the practical effects
that the bill now before us must produce, if it becomes a
law. With reference io the article'of wool, by the present
tariff, upon that costing 7 cents per pound and under, there
was a duty of 5 per cent.; the gentlemen who reported the
bill proposed a duty of 15 per cent, and one of the members
of tne committee proposed a duty of 30 ppr cent, (which
wsfs the amendment now before the committee) This lock
of wool is a sample of the wool that comes in at 5 per cent,
at present; not a single pound of it is raised in this
country: this other lock is the coarest American wool
—any gentleman can see the difference between them.
Now, if the gentlemen of the committee had informed them-
selves, they would never have reported such a bill as this.
Blankets, an article for which this wool was used, by this
bill were suffered to come in at an ad valorem duty of only
ten per cent. If the bill was framed for revenue, it would
utterly fail for not one single pound of the wool would be
brought into the country if they destroyed the. manufactur-
ing ofit; it would go to Euiope and be manufactured, and
come here in the shape of blankets.
THE IMPORTANCE OF THE PROTECTIVE SYSTEM TO THE
FARMER.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Wright] stated that the
agriculturist is injured by the present tariff, and the gentle-
manfroinOhio [Mr. Brinkkrhoff] that it would be impos-
sible to create a home market for their agricultural pro-
ducts. That his distiict alone has a large surplus to dis-
pose of. Sir, I can name a single manufacturing establish-
ment which will consume the surplus of his whole district.
fn answer to these gentlemen (.the representatives of ag-
ncult'ural districts) I will endeavor to show that this pro-
tective tariff was tlie very thing their constituents
wanted. Gentlemen here might not understand it, but I
think their constituents would. The duty on wool, under
the present tariff, was 3 cents per pound and 30 per cent ad
valorem, and on woollens it was 40 percent. The gentle-
man represented this duty on woollens as for the exclusive
benefit of the manufacturers. Now, I assert that the manu-
facturer of woollens has a protection of only about 15 per
cent. One-half of the cost of the cloth was wool; the wool-
grower then certainly got one-half of the protection; the
foreign manufacturer or shipper cheated him out of at least
one-quarter of the remaining dutv, which left to the manu-
facturer barely a protection of 15 per cent.
I.will now show the importance of this interest to the
agriculturists generally
There is estimated to be in the United States
25,000,000 sheep at $2 each .... $50,000,000
It requires about one acre of land to support
three sheep, say 8,500,000 acres of land, at $10
}>ev aero ♦ ££,500,000
03)
Amount invested for manufacturing woollens
in lands, water, and, steam, power, buildings,
machinery, and cash capital • - - -
Whole ,amount employed in the growth and
60,000,000
manufactured wool
- $195,500,000
This is considered a lowestimate.
25,000,000 of sheep will produce 62,500,000 lbs.
wool at 32 cents   20,000,000
The manufacturing of which will require the
consumption of other agricultural products,
such as flour, meal, beef, bacon, vegetables,
woad, teazles, lard oil, lumber, Scc.'oTat least 10,000,090
Annual consumption
• -$30,000,000
Value of woollen goods made from the above - $40,000,000
which clearly proves that 75 per cent, of the cost of the
woollen manufacture passes into the hands, of the farmer.
This branch of the ^business requires the'additional em-
ployment of at least $1,000 000 of capital for machine -mak-
ing, &c. I have carried this branch-of manufacture more
into detail for the reason that I am more familiar with it; the
same remarks will, however, apply to many other branches
of the manufacturing and mechanic arts—to cotton, iron,
silk, flax, tobacco, leather, &c.; in feet, the principles here
set forth will be found to have a nearly universal applica-
tion.
I will now present a statement of a single cotton factory
in the district which I have the honor to represent. The es-
tablishment consumes annually d, 180,000 pounds of cotton,
which, at 10 cents perpound, is - - •' $118,000
Other incidental articles, such as leather, pickers,
reeds, twine, &c • ■ • 8,600
Potatoe starch, 36,000 pounds.
Oil. '2,500 gallons.
Cash for wages (supportingll,000_souls) -, - 60,000
Transportation ..... 3,000
Commissions, &c. - - - . 10,000
Flour consumed on the premises, 1,000 barrels.
Corn " "" 3,000 bushels.
Bacon " « 60,000 pounds. Besides
fresh meat, poultry, vegetables, &c.
The amount of agricultural products consumed at this one
place-in 1843 amounted to more than the whole"exports (the
growth" of the State of Maryland) during the same period".
If gentlemen, more familiar with agriculture thau myself,
wm take these facts and figure them out, they will be sur-
prised at the number of acres of land, and the amount of cap-
ital employed in the lands, &c. for the supply of this single
establishment; and they will see that a large portion of the
whole cost of the manufacture of cotton goods goes into the
hands of the planter and the farmer Indeed, from all the cal^
culations which I have made in connection with this sub-
ject, it appears that each person employed in the mechani-
cal and manufacturing operations consumes $40 worth of
agricultural products yearly.
I now present abatement handed to me by a very intelli-
gent iron manufacturer, showing the value of the agricul-
tural products consumed in the manufacture of each ton of
iron:
20 bushels grain, av. 75 cts. .... $15 00
57 lbs. bacon or polk, 5 - • • 2 85
43 " beef, 5 - - - 2 16
10 " butter,- 12 - - - - 1 20
2 bushels potatoes, 30 - • • * • .60
£ ton hay, at $7 - - 3 50
Horse, - - * 1 43
Vegetables, &c., - 1 00
$27 73
The annual products of 11*011 in Pennsylvania alone is
$9,408,930; number of handy employed in this branch 16,664;
dependent on them, 83,420; making 100,000 persons, who con-
sume annually over $4,000,000 of agricultural products, be-
sides a large amount of maxiufactures; and let it be borne in
mind that Pennsylvania manufactures only one-third of the
quantity of iron made in the country.
The entire capital invested in all the manufactories in this
country is estimated at $400,000,000; number of persons em-
ployed m manufactures and trades, 90C.000; who, with their
families and dependants, will amount to four millions of
people. xTo support these, requires at least 12^ cent's worth
of agricultural products per day for each individual; and
this they do not raise for themselves. but obtain their provi-
sions by purchase. From the most accurate calculations
which I can make, allowing five per cent, interest,
it requires an investment of $3,000,000,000 (three thousand
millions) inlands, & c., for the supply of raw material, &c.
for those engaged in manufactures, mining, and mechan.
ic arts. Now break up the manufactures, as this British bill
would, and these people must be compelled to become pro-
ducers themselves, or starve. In the face of these'facts, how
could any gentleman get up here and assert boldly that the
agriculturist was not benelited by a protective tariff? This
system of protection is the very life and soul of agricul-
ture The home market is worth more, far more, than all
the markets in the world.
Sir, it has always been the policy of England to take as
little as possible from us. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Wright] mentioned one fact, inadvertently I suppose,
in support of this assertion. He stated that our imports in
one year had swelled up to fifty millions moie tlian usual,
whilst our exports during that time had not increased
FREE TRADE IN ENGLAND.
England was cited bv gentlemen on the other side as a free
trade nation worthy of imitation. Now, sir, I have closely
examined her free trade tariff, and find a duty of only 1,000
per cent, on tobacco. It is true they tell us this is for reve-
nue. Well, I find 1,200 per cent, on manufactured tobacco;
now the 200 per cent, difference was certainly to protect the
manufacturer of the article there, and the duty on other
agricultural products, as appears by the following
TABLE.
Articles.
Tobacco unmanufactured
manufactured -
stalks - , -
Beef
Pork - 1 -
Bacon and hams
Lard
Butter - - '•
Cheese - - -
Tallow
Ashes ■ '
Indian corn
Wheat _•
Flour, equal to 3gal-
lons wheat *
Oats
Potatoes •
Rice" * -
Cotton - - •
" from colonies
Spirits, from,grain ' -
" " , molasses -
Soop
Boots and bootees, women
" " men
Ready irLinen & cotton
made > Cotton alone -
clothing V Woollen
Sperm and wax candles •
Tallow - •
Hats
Hemp, dressed -
" undressed
Pins -
Fish, cannon, lire-arms
andlead shot -
Rates'of duty.
72 cts. per lb.
216 " - -
$2 88 cwt.
2 88
6 72 " '
1 92 "
4 SO
2 52 " -
76 • ■
1 44 J'
24 cts. to $6 16 p q.
24 cts. to $3 p. qr.
48 cts4 cwt.
$3 60"" "
70 cts. "
$7 20 dozen.
12 96 "
60 cts. per lb.
$15 20 cwt.
2 52 each.
22 80 toil.
2 cts.
Duties" ad.
valorem.
1000 pr Ctr
*200 - "
Prohibited^
33 pr.< ct.< <
33r '•">
109
27 " '
70 "
35 "
av.'30~
: 30
30
500 pr. ct.
I600 "
200 •*
40
20
20
20.
Prohibited
JThe duties received on the imports from England into iHl«
country in 1838, 1839, and 1840, amounted-to $52,796,27-7,
whilst she compelled us to pay into her exchequer on the
articles' of tobacco and cotton alone, $73,"638,628. It hlsus
long been the policy of that, nati.on to.preach free trade to
all tne world, but never to practise it; and it has been af-
firmed that she has expended nearly half a million of dol-
lars in New York, and elsewhere, tor the purpose of dis-
seminating her doctrines; the whole drift of which' is to
pursuade us to exchange our raw materials forher mantffaC*'
tures. It is impossible for any nation to become rich."and
prosperous, which export's its raw materials in exchaag*
for the manufactures of other countries. Are gentlemen
aware that England takes one pound, of our best cotton,
(Sea Island,) for which she pays us, 'at themost, 7S cents,
and returns it to us in the shape of muslins at a cost of per-
haps $20 per pound, leaving $19 in the pockets of her sub-
jects? She has'beeh built up to her present greatness by
this .system—by being the workshop of the world. This
system she compelled us to submit to when we were col-
onies, and she is now seeking still to- rivet it upon us. The
London Spectator in 1843 says: . v -
"More general considerations tend to show that the trade
between the two countries most beneficial to both; must be
what is commonly called a colonial" trade; the^new-settled
country importing the manufactures of the old m exchange
for its own raw produce. In all economical relations .the
United States still stand to England in the relation of colony
to mother country !!"
I am sorry, Mr. Chairman, to find that these truly British
sentiments have too many advocates in the hall of the Ame-
rican Congress; but I am proud to say, sir, that they find no
echo in the breast of any whig here. I want th.e constitu-
ents of those gentlemen to know the fact, that their repre-
sentatives on this floor want to bring us back to the i'relatioii
of colonies to the mother country ;v to induce us to. believe
that the relation of colonies to the-mother country was the
best for -us. The gentleman from Indiana tells us that he
hates to hear the-words "pauper labor." I hope he.would
still more hato to see it. I have seen some of that pauper
labor, and must return thanks to the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Owkn] for the very interesting statistics, he had given
the House with reference to the pauper labor of Europe.
On a visit to England, I have seen her laborers, and deter-
mined as long as I lived to do all in my power to keep up the
barriers that protected our own people from competition
with such labor. I have seen as fine looking girls as were
to be met any day on our avenue, \v hose daily occupation it
was to pick up manure on the turnkike roads, from sunrise
until sunset, for the scanty, miserable pittance of Od per day j
I have seen women breaking stone on their turnpikes. Tnfe
gentleman from Indiana, I suppose, has seen more than all
this, and yet he would come here arid tell the freemen of
America that they must break down the barriers now that -
kept the product of that labor from us, and introduce it to
the detriment of our own labor!
In reply to the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bru.vKERHoFF,} with reference to the immorality of the op-
eratives engaged in manufacturing, I would tell the gentle-
man, that a more virtuous population did not exist than the
wives aud.daughtersof the manufacturer and mechanic; and
if the gentleman would subscribe for the paper conducted
exclusively by these operatives in one of our manufacturings
villages, he would alter his opinion in regard to the morals
of this useful class of the community.
I wish to call the particular attention of the committee
and of the country to the fact that these self-styled demo-
crats upon the floor of this Congress—those who professed
so much love for the people—are determined to_disregard
the voice of the American people, and pass this British tariff
bill. Since this bill had been reported by the committee,
they iiad had memorials from all classes of the community,
entreating Congress not to interfere with the present salu-
tary tariff 1&-W, in such uumbfj's, tji&t, if left ou tHe Speak*
