u%
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 '.UL. IJ ''I ■ ' ■ly.i-i...        hi.
■were.to the stockholders. How it might be in cer-
tain portions of the North, he did not know; but,
within the whole range of his observation, he ven-
tured, to say that there was no class of domestic in-
dustiyless profitable than the-business of those'en-
gaged in the construction of railroads; and yet, he
would venture to say, there was no operation of in-
dustry more beneficial to the public. The public
received much the greater benefit.
The honorable senator from Pennsylvania seem-
ed to think it something extraordinary, because cer-
tain farorshad been granted to railroads, that these
favors should be extended any further. If the hon-
orable senator had reflected a moment, he would
have seen that' it was the very best reason why,
after granting certain favors to certain companies,
yon should grant them to others. Tf these favors
had been extended to certain incorporated railroad
companies ; if these companies had realized a ben-
efit from them, he thought that upon the same prin-
ciple justice required that a smilar benefit should be
extended to others.
'He did ' not intend to go into an argument upon
this subject; butaimpiy to show that certain railroad
companies should be made an exception to the gen-
eral rule.
Mft DAYTON, at considerable length, opposed
the bill. He had hoped all interference with
.the present present tariff had been set at rest. But
it appeared now, that measure had not only to stand
up against the assaults of its adversaries, but to
suffer under those of its friends.
Mr. SIMMONS thought there was a middle
course that ought to satisfy both parties—the rail-
road companies and the iron masters; it was to give
the benefits of this bill to the railroad companies,
only till the iron manufacturers have time to enter
into the business of making rails, and supplying
them at a fair price.
Mr. WOODBURY said that, as the yeas and
nays would doubtless be called on the passage
of this bill, he wished to state enough to
show the reasons for his opposition to the
measure. Though he should give to the sen-
ators from New Jersey his vote, he should
not give to them his principles. He still differed
■with them on the tariff He was averse to these re-
missions of duties to railroad corporations as long
ago as 1839, when he made a report to the House of
Representatives, showing that something like three
and a half millions of money had at that time been
virtually given to them by the general government.
He then viewed it as a free subscription, or donation
to those establishments. This was not justifiable
on the ground merely that they were useful to the
community. Other corporations were also useful;
but that was no sufficient reason for large and par-
tial favors to all of them. Again: it was urged that,
by cheapening transportation of passengers and mer-
chandise, as it doubtless was by these roads, and the
cheaper making of them, all the community were
gamers. Such, however, was the case with ships
and steamboats on our rivers, lakes, sounds, and
oceans, which, their iron being free, would carry
and bring both persons and things much lower for
the whole country.
So far as regards the government, these railroads
generally, whose iron has been admitted free, charge
.higher for carrying the mail than other persons;
and they are usually "close corporations,'''' or a per-
tect monopoly against the rest of the community,
not allowing them, even for reasonable tolls, and
under safe regulations, to put on them cars for either
passengers or merchandise. Nor arc these roads
a species of domestic manufactures, any more than
are ships, or ploughs, and wagons.
But, besides the weakness of the arguments I
have answered, I entertain the following specified
objections:
First. The measure is a bad one in a fiscal point
of view- It has not only taken millions from the
treasury when most wanted, but contemplates taking
more from it while we are deeply in debt. Yet
surprising as it may seem, one of the most plaitsi-
1 c arguments pi essed in favor of our giving away
more to them, is because we have already given so
f0"feiSSthat ?0me States aud compacts
appear to have ventured on new works, under an
expectation that they might be treated as liberally
,"'<-pl;edece?sors- But this argument as to
y' W0U 1 lnst forPver. a«d long
ceased? original reason,-, for the gifts had
itrinciVi'lp^''Kme®ur® iif b«d on any sound political
! maples, became it renders the tariff on unequal
tax, falling in this respect heavily on the tools of
agricultue, and.on commerce, and the poor, but ex-
empting the rich; burdening the anvil, and chain,
and kettle, but relieving the iron rail which belongs
to incorporated wealth. It is not that corporations
and individuals do not possess the right to be rich,
and to use their riches for gain, as they do in the
East in the case of many profitable railroads. But
it is that they have no claim to exclusive favors or
privileges in the use of their fortunes over the hum-
bler mechanic and farmer.
Lastly, without more details, the measure is bad,
-because it adopts the doctrine of absolute free trade
in respect to railroad iron, and no other. He was
against this; as such a course not only violates
the duty to make the tariff tax equal and uniform,
but makes a discrimination of freedom from duty;
which is as wrong for one class of interests
as it would be in other cases to make a discrimina-
nation of bounties or protective imposts in favor of
one class of interests, and against all others.
Either course is contrary to the first elements of
justice and political economy« He went for mod-
erate and proportionate taxes on imports, as well as
other property, and on all iron alike.
In relieving the Senate from further remarks, he
begged permission to caution the members against
the zeal and importunity of self-interest in all cases
like this. They mingle up insensibly in the minds
of many honest men, and they almost persuade their
authors, as well as others, that public considera-
tions alone influence them, when gain—what they
regard as fair gain—is the chief motive; and interest,
rightfully, if you please, in a private view, is at the
bottom. But sucli interest is not entitled to any
special public indulgence or public bounties.
As an illustration how the pecuniary feeling of
corporations sometimes urge them most pertina-
ciously to obtain monopolies, by exclusive privi-
leges. Mr. "W. said he would read an extract, which
happened to be before him, from a venerable annalist,
that very strongly exhibited the workings of self-
interest two centuries ago, in a case not very unlike
in principle to this. In the first volume of Thomas
Burton's Parliamentary Diary, page 308, in A. D.
1656, he quietly says:
"In the Duchy chamber sat the Committee of Trade,
where was debated the great question, adjourned till this
day, upon the petition of the free meichaiits against the
merchant adventurers; wherein was set forth what a great
prejudice it was to the commonwealth, that the trade of
the woolen manufactures should be engrossed into the
hands of one company; it being the only staple trade of
England, and ought to be improved to the best advan-
tage.
"There n ere strong arguments brought on the account
of the free merchants, to piove thatafree trade was most
tor the good of this nation.
"Sir Christopher Pack, who is master of the Merchant
Adventurers company, turned in the debate like ahoise,
and answeied every man. I believe he spoke at least thir-
ty times
• "Mr. Llo} d helped him as much as could be, but both rea-
son an-1 equity, aud the sense ol the committee, being
against them, they weic forced at last to give up the cud-
gels, but with much ado. Sir Christopher Pack did elea\e
like a cleg*;, and Mas veiy angry he could not be heard ad
infinitum, though the committee w ere forced at last to come
that time  Ct Wkh him'that he should speak 110 m0J e after
The bill was then reported back to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred in.
On the question of engrossment—
Mr. BUCHANAN called for the yeas and nave;
winch were ordered, and resulted, yeas lti, nays 30
as follows:
I KAS' -Aressrs. Archer Bagby, Berrien, Colquitt, Evaus ,
Pulton, i lenders on, Hugrr, Lewis, McDuffie, PoUei, lines,
oevier, lailinadge, W oodbridge, and Wright 16.
i IlAS—Mesiis. Allen. Atchison. Atherton, Barrow,
Bates, Bayard, Benton, Breese, Buchanan, Choate, Qa\ton,
Crittenden, Daj ton, Fantfeld, Fiancis, Hannetdn, Hay-
wood, Huntington, Johnson, Mangum, Merrick Milhr
Morehead Simmons, Sturgeon, Tappan, Unham, Walker!
White, and Woodbury—30.
So the Senate refused to order the bill to be en-
grossed, and read a third time.
Mr. McDUFFIE obsorved that as some free-
trade gentlemen had voted against this bill who
were ill favor of a reduction of duties, he hoped
some Senator who had voted in the negative would
move a reconsideration of the vote just taken, with a
view of proposing an amendment to the bill, reduc-
ing the duties on railroad iron to 20 per cent.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that he had voted
from hostility to the principle contained in the bill,
and not because he approved of the present duties-
he therefore, at the suggestion of the Senator from'
South Carolina, moved a reconsideration.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, (before (he
question was put on Mr. Woodbury's motion to re-
consider the vote last taken,) the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and afler
some time spent thereon, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 11, 1844.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. WELLER asked leave to offer a resolution
in relation to the salaries of the messengers of the
House.
It was objected to.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itselfinto
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
but again withdrew the motion temporarily, to al-
low Mr. Adams to present certain memorials.
Mr. ADAMS then asked leave to present two
memorials on the subject of the naturalizations laws,
remonstrating against the laws on that subject.
Mr. MORRIS said he had some memorials of a
similar character, which he desired an opportunity
to present.
Mr. WELLER objected to the reception of the
memorials.
Mr. ADAMS moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to present the memorials referred to,
and demanded the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered.
Mr. DROMGOOLE, when his name was called,
inquired whether these memorials might not have
been presented under a rule of the House permit-
ting petitions and memorials to be laid upon the
Clerk's table, without a formal motion for a sus-
pension of the rules.
The SPEAKER replied that they might have
been so referred.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then voted, No.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted thus—-
yeas 35, nays 94.
The rules were not suspended.
Mr. C. JOHNSON renewed his motion for a sus-
pension of the rules, that the House might resolve
itself itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The committee on enrolled bills reported several
bills, which were then signed by the Speaker.
Mr. C. JOHNSON again withdrew his motion
temporarily, to permit the executive communica-
tions on the Speaker's table to be read.
Tie following communication from the President
of the United States was read:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
The treaty negotiated by the executive with the re-
public of Texas, without a departure from any form
of proceeding customarily observed in the negotia-
tion of treaties, for the annexation of that republic
to the United States, having been rejected by the
Senate, and the subject having excited on the part
of the people no ordinary degree of interest, I feel it
to be my duty to communicate, for your consider-
tion, the rejected treaty, together with all the cor-
respondence and documents which have heretofore
been submitted to the Senate in its executive ses-
sions. The papers communicated embrace not only
the series already made public by orders of the Sen-
ate, but others from which the veil of secrecy has
not been removed by that bo^y, but which I deem
to be essential to a just appreciation of the entire
question. While the treaty was pefiding before the
Senate, I did not consider it compatible with the
just rights of that body, or consistent with the re-
spect entertained for it, to bring this important sub-
ject before you. The power of Congress is, how-
ever, fully competent, in some other form of proceed-
ing, to accomplish every thing that a forma] ratifica-
tion of the treaty could have accomplished; and I
therefore feel that I should but imperfectly discharge
my duty to yourselves or the country, if I failed to
lay before you every thing in the possession of the
executive which would enable you to act with full
light on the subject, if you should deem it proper to
take any action upon it.
I regard the question involved in these proceed-
ings as one of vast magnitude, and as addressing
itself to interests of "an elevated and enduring
character. A republic coterminous in territory with
our own—of immense resources, which require on-
ly to be brought under the influence of our confed-
erate and free system in order to be fully devel-
oped—promising, at no distant day, through the
fertility of its soil, nearly if not entirely to dupli-
cate the exports of the,country, thereby making an
addition to the carrying trade to an amount almost
incalculable, and giving a new impulse of immense
