CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
I
importance to the commercial, manufacturing, agri-
cultural, and shipping interests of the Union, and
at the same time affording protection to an exposed
frontier, and placing the whole country in a condi-
tion of security and repose—a territory settled
mostly by emigrants from the United States, who
will bring back with them, in the act of reciproca-
tion, an unconquerable love of freedom, and an ar-
dent attachment to our free institutions. Such a ques-
tion could not fail to interest most deeply in its suc-
cess those who, under the constitution, have become
responsible for the faithful administration of public
affairs. I have regarded it as not a little fortunate
that the question involved was no way sectional or
local, but addressed itself to the interests of every
part of the country, and made its appeal to the
glory of the American name.
It is due to the occasion to say that I have careful-
ly reconsidered the objections which have been
urged to immediate action upon the subject without
in any degree having been struck with their force.
It has been objected that the measure of annexa-
tion should be preceded by the consent of Mexico.
To preserve the most friendly relations with Mex-
ico; to concede to her not grudgingly but freely all
her rights; to negotiate fairly and frankly with her
as to the question of boundary; to render her, in a
word, the fullest and most ample recompense for
any loss she might convince us she had sustained,—
fully accords with the feelings and views the execu-
tive has always entertained.
But negotiations in advance of annexation would
prove not only abortive, but might be regarded as
offensive to Mexico, and insulting to Texas. Mex-
ico would not, I am persuaded, give ear for a mo-
ment to an attempt at negotiation in advance, except
for the whole territory of Texas. "While all the
world besides regards Texas as an independent
power, Mexico chooses to look upon her as a re-
volted province. Nor could we negotiate with
Mexico for Texas, without admitting thatour recog-
nition of her independence was fraudulent, delusive,
or void. It is only after acquiring Texas, that the
~uestion of boundary can arise between the United
States and Mexico, a question purposely left open
for negotiation with Mexico, as affording the best
opportunity for the most friendly and pacific ar-
rangements. The executive has dwelt with Texas
as a power independent of all others, both de facto
and de jure. She was an independent State of the
confederation of Mexican republics. When, by
violent revolution, Mexico declared the confedera- i
tion at an end, Texas owed her no longer allegiance,
but claimed, and has maintained the right for eight
years to a separate and distinct position. During
that period, no army has invaded her with a view
to her reconquest; and if she has not yet established
her right to be treated as a nation independent de
facto and dejure, it would be difficult to say at what
period she will attain to that condition.
Nor can we, by any fair or any legitimate in-
ference, be accused of violating any treaty stipula-
tions with Mexico. The treaties with Mexico give
no guaranty of any sort, and are co-existent with a
similar treaty with Texas. So have we ti eaties with
most of the nations of the earth which arc equally
as much violated by the annexation of Texas to the
United States, as would be our treaty with Mexico.
The treaty is merely commercial, and intended as
the instrument for more accurately defining the
rights and securing the interests of the citizens of
each country. What bad faith can be implied or
charged upon the government of the United States
for successfully negotiating with an independent
power upon any subject not violating the stipula-
tions of such treaty, I confess my inability to dis-
cern.
The objections which have been taken to the en-
largement of our territory were urged with much
zeal against the acquisition of Louisiana; and yet the
futility of such has long since been fully demon-
strated. Sincc that period a new power has been
introduced into the affairs of the world, which lias,
for all practical purposes, brought Texas much near-
er to the seat of government than Louisiana was at
the time of its annexation. Distant regions are, by
the application of the steam engine, brought within
a close proximity.
With the views which I entertain on the subject,
I should prove faithless to the high trust which the
constitution had devolved upon me, if I neglected to
invite the attention of t> ■■ representatives of the peo-
ple to it, at the earliest moment that a due respect
, for the Senate would allow me so to do, I should
find, in the urgency of the matter,'a sufficient apolo-
gy, if one was wanting, since annexation is to en-
counter a great, if not certain, hazard of final defeat,
if something be not now done to prevent it. Upon
this point, I cannot too impressively invite your at-
tention to my message of the 16th May, and to the
documents which accompany it, wh](jr have not
heretofore been made public. If it be objected that
the names of the writers of some of the private let-
ters are withheld, all that I can say is, that it is done
for reasons regarded as altogether adequate, and that
the writers are persons of the first respectability and
citizens of Texas, and have such means of obtain-
ing information as to entitle their sentiments to full
credit. Nor has anything occurred to weaken, but,
on the contrary, much to confirm, my confidence in
the statements of General Jackson, and my own
statement made at the close of that message, in the
belief, amounting almost to certainty, "that instruc-
tions have already been given by the Texian gov-
ernment, to propose to the government of Great
Britain, forthwith, on the failure, (of the treaty,) to
enter into a treaty of commerce, and an alliance, of-
fensive and defensive."
I also particularly invite your attention to the
letter from Mr. Everett, our envoy at London, con-
taining an account of a conversation in the House
of Lords, which lately occurred between Lord
Brougham and Lord Aberdeen, in relation to the
question of annexation. Nor can I do so without
the expression of some surprise at the language the
minister of foreign affairs employed upon the occa-
sion. That a kingdom which is made what it now
is, by repeated acts of annexation, beginning from
the time of the Heptarchy, and concluding with the
annexation of the kingdoms of Ireland and Scot-
land, should perceive any principle either novel or
serious in the late proceedings of the American ex-
executive in regard to Texas, is well calculated to
excite surprise. If it be pretended that, because of
commercial and political relations which may exist
between two countries, neither has a right to part
with its sovereignty, and that no third power can
change those relations by a voluntary treaty of union
op annexation, then it would seem to follow that an
annexation to be achieved by force of arms in the
prosecution of a just and necessary war, could in 110
way be justified; and yet it is to be presumed that
Great Britain would be the last nation in the world
to maintain any such doctrine. The commercial
and political relations of many of the countries of
Europe have undergone repeated changes by volun-
tary treaties, by conquest, and by partitions of their
territories, without any question as to the right,
under the public law. The question, in this
view of it, can be considered as neither serious or
novel.
I will not permit myself to believe that the British
minister designed to bring himself tor any such con-
clusion; but it is impossible for us to be blind to the
fact, that the statements contained in Mr. Everett's
despatch are well worthy of serious consideration.
The government and people of the United States
have never evinced, noi do they feel, any desire to
inteiferein public questions not affecting the rela-
tions existing between the States of the American
continent.
We leave the European powers exclusive control
over matters affecting their continent and the rela-
tions of their different States.
The United States claim a similar exemption trom
any such interference on their part. The treaty
with Texas was negotiated from considerations of
a high public policy influencing the oonduct of the
two republics. We have treated with Texas as an
independent power, solely with a view of bettering
the condition of the two countries. If annexation
in any form occur, it will arise from the free and un-
fettered action of the people of the two countries;
and it seems altogether becoming in me to say that
the honor of the country, the dignity of the Amen-
can name, and the permanent interests of the United
States, would forbid acquiescence in any such inter-
ference. No one can more highly appreciate the value
of peace to both Gieat Britain and the United Stales,
and the capacity of cadi to do injiuy to the other,
than myself, but peace can best be pieserved by
maintaining firmly the rights which belong to us as
an independent community.
So much T have considered it proper for me to
say, and it becomes me only to add, that while I
have regarded the annexation to be accomplished by
treaty as the most suitanle form in which it could be
effected, should Congress deem it proper to resort
to any other expedient compatible with the consti-
tution, and likely to accomplish the object, I stand
prepared to yield mf most prompt and active co-
operation.
The great question is not as to the manner in
which it shall be done, but whether it shall be ac-
complished or not.'
The responsibility of deciding this question is
now devolved upon you.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, June 10, 1844.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that this communication
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and that it be printed, and called the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WELLEU inquired if it would be in order to
move the printing of an extraordinary number of
copies.
Mr. WHITE objected.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY moved that the commu-
nication be laid on the table.
Messrs. C. J. INGERSOLL, DROMGOOLE,
and others, demanded the yeas and nays.
They were ordered, and being taken, we7£ yeas
66, nays 118, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Baker, Barnard, Breiv
gie, Jeremiah Brown, Buftmgton, Carroll, Causin, Chil-
ton, Cranston, Darragh, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Dickey,
Fish, Florence, Foot, Giddings, W. Green, Grinnell, Grider,
Hale, Hardin, Harper, Hudson, "Washington Hunt, Joseph
R. Ingcrsoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P.
Kennedy, Daniel P. King, Mcllvame, Marsh, Edward J.
Morris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Newton, Patterson, Phcenix,
Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, Preston, Ramsey, Charles M.
Reed, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Sen-
ter, Severance, Albert Smith, CaleV B. Smith, Andrew
Stewart, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter,
Vinton, Wethered, White, and Wintbrop—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arrington, Ashe, Atkinson,
Bayly, Benton, Bidiack, Bower, Bowhn, Boyd, Bmiker-
hoff, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Wil-
liam J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Jeremiah E. Cary,
Catlin, Reuben Chapman, Chappcll, Clinch, Cling/nan,
Clinton. Cobb, Coles, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, Richard 0.
Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dellet, Dillingham,
Dromgoole, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin, Fostei,
French, Goggin, Hamlin, Hammet, Haralson, Hays, Hen-
ley, Herrick, Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Hubbell, Hughes, Hungerford, J, B. Hunt, Charles J. Inger-
soll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Jones, Andrew Kennedy, Pres-
ton King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, Mac-
lay, McClelland, McConnell, McDowell, McKay, Matthews,
Joseph Morris, Murphy, Norris, Owen, Paxmenter, Payne,
Emery D. Potter, Pratt, Purdy, Rathbun, David S. Reid,
Reddmg, Relfe, Rhett, Ritter, Robeits, Robinson, Russell,
Saunders, Thomas H. Seymour, David L. Seymour, Simons,
Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith,
Steenrod, John Stewart, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, Wheat-
on, Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—118.
It was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr. Hop-
kins to refer the communication to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs and to print; on which he had
called the previous question.
The previous question was sustained, and th®
main question ordered to be now put; being to refer
and print. The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER then moved a suspension of th©
rules, to enable him to submit a motion to print;
15,000 extra copies.
Mr. WINTHROP inquired whether a motion to
print an extra number must not necessarily lie over
one day.
The SPEAKER remarked that the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio was for a suspension of
the rule which required that such a motion lie over
one day.
Mr. WHITE demanded the yeas and nays oit
the motion to suspend the rules, and they were or-
dered; and being taken, were yeas 108, nays 79, ats
follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Arlington, Atkinson, Baj ley, Edward
J. Black, Bower, Bowljn, Boyd, JBiinkeihoff, Brodhead,
Aaron V Brown, Milton Brown, Wilham J. Brown, Burke,
Burt, Caldwell, Catlin. Reuben Chapman, Chappell, Chil-
ton. Clinch, Clinton, Cobb, Coles, Cullom, Dana, Daniel,
John W. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Delict, Dromgoole, Ellis,
Elmer, Farlee, Ficklin, Foster, French, Goggm, Hamlm,
Ilammet, Harabon, Haj.s. Henley, Holmes, lloge, Hop-
kins Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hungcjloid,
(. Juries J. Inger^oll, Jameson, < a\t: Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, George W. Jones, Andrew Kenned}, Kirkp.it-
nck, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, McLausleh. Maclaj,
McClelland, McConnell, McDowUl, McKnj, Mathews,
Joseph Moim, Murphy. Newton, Non^. Ow en, Pornteu-
ter, Payne, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter, c'.meiy D. Pottej,
Puidy, Rathbun, Daud b. Reid, Reding, Relfe* Rhett, Kil-
ter, Roberts. St. John. Sample, Sanndtrs, Ihornas H fcej-
ni^'ir, NleJl, J T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robeit Smitn,
^ ■ <' John Stewart, Stiles, fcton", Tajloi. 'Jlionip-
< jd.tts, Tucker, Welle*, Wtntwoith, Woo>b\<n>l,
Jdm r:) Wright, and Yost—10$.
NT VVS—Mcbfers Abbot, Adams, Andeison. Enker, Bar-
nard, Benton, Bidlack, Brengle, Jeremiah Brown, Butfnir-
ton, J. E. Cary, Carroll, CaiKin, Clingman, (.ran^ton, Dar-
rasfh, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Doberrv, Dicker,
Dillingham, Dunlap, Fish, Floienre. Foot, Giddmgs, Wil-
li? Green, Grinnell, Gridei. Hale Hardin, Haiper, Hu'1
