April, 1844,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOftEL
m
28th Cong 1st Se&s.
The Tariff—*Mr. Ramsey.
H. of Heps.
the protective policy by passing the following resolutions,
which met with no opposition in the popular branch, and re-
ceived but one dissentient vote in the Senate, and were
transmitted here by the governor:
RESOLUTIONS RELATIVE TO THE TARIFF.
""Whereas the present tariff promises to,answer the pur-
poses of revenue, and also to yield to American industry the
encouragement necessary to the development of the great
resources of our country: And whereas permanency in our
revenue laws is indispensably necessary to the protection
of the capital and labor embarked in manufacturing'and agri-
cultural operations, under the sanction of those laws,- and
can alone insure and advance the prosperity of the various
great interests which, combided, constitute-the wealth of the
nation: And whereas a bill is now pending in the Congress
of the United States, the operation of which would affect
injuriously! the important staple productions of this Com-
monwealth: Therefore,,
"Resolved by the Semate and House of Representatives'
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in General Jissembly
mett _That our senators in Congress be instructed, and our
representatives requested, to oppose any change in the pres-
ent tariff, which migh prove injurious to the manufacturing
and agricultural interests of this Commonwealth; sternly to
resist any reduction in the present duties on iron, coal, and
wool;.and to omitno effort to sustain all the great interests
of the nation, calculated to foster and promote American in-
dustry.
"Resolved, That a copy of the resolution be forwarded to
each of,our members in the Senate and Congress, with the
yeas and nays attached.
"JAMES ROSS SNOWDEN,
"Speaker of the House of Representatives.
"WILLIAM BIGLER,
"Speaker of the Senate.
"On the final passage of the resolution—
•'In the House, the yeas were 81, nays none.
"In the Senate, " 30, " one.
WILLIAM JACK,
"Clerk of the House of Representatives.
'•JOHN J. M'CAHEN,
"Clerk of the Senate."
Nor is it the legislative voice alone which speaks the feel-
ings and wishes of the people of Pennsylvania: As a further
exponent of their opinion, I will call the attention of the
committee to.the following form of petition, which has been
circulated and signed by thousands of all" political parties,
and which have been presented by myself, as well as all my
colleagues, in great numbers:
"To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmerica in Congress assembled:
"The memorial of the citizens of Pennsylvania respectfully
represents:
"That the tariff of 1842 having already produced such ex-
traordinary results in the revival of the trade and business
of our entire country, and in the employment of the labor
and industry of our people, we most earnertly pray that no
change whatever be made in that system which has been
again adopted as the policy of the country, until experience
shall have demonstrated, by ascertained facts, that such
change will be for the better. A good" tariff is only the re-
sult of long experience; and, so far, the present bill has
more than realized the best expectations of its friends, in
reviving trade, and in furnishing revenue to the govern-
ment. The importations have certainly been equal to the
wants and necessities of the country, and every article of
- manufacture has fallen in price. Could any true patriot de-
sire morel
"Our furnaces, forges, cotton mills, and work-shops, that
but one year ago were abandoned, are now again full of life
and activity, and the employment that was lately given to
foreign capitalists and artisans is now secured for our own
people. Our banks are able to retain their specie, and the
gloom and despondency which lately prevailed is now dis-
sipated. The destiny of this country is certain. Its pecu-
liar position, its rich and fertile soil and climate, its diver-
sity of wants and productions, and its inexhaustible mineral
resources, together with the facilities for internal, trans-
portation afforded by its rivers, canals, and railroads, indi-
cate that its march must be onward to wealth and power,
unless retarded by the] folly of unwise legislation; and we
therefore pray you to abstain from all, legislation upon the
subject, and thereby give peace and prosperity to the
country."
From these resolutions and petitions, it is evident that the
protective policy has been and is the policy of Pennsylvania;
and yet we find that an effort is to be made to break it down,
and it has been distinctly declared to be the great issue in the
approaching presidential contest. Nor is the opposition of
a sectional character; both from the South, the West,-the
North, and the East, the leaders ofthe self-styled democratic
party have made the avowal, and should the time ever un-
happily arrive when they again have possession of all the
branches ofthe law-making power, their suicidal policy
will be to destroy the tariff entirely, or reduce if so low as
to make it subserve no purposes of practical good or useful
protection. That I may not be charged with overdrawing
the picture of the probable effects of a triumph of that party
next fall, I call attention to the following extracts from re-
cent speeches delivered by leading senators of that faith.
The bill providing for the repeal of the tariff of 1842 was
introduced into the Senate by Mr. McDuffie, of South Car-
olina, and was advocated by Messrs. McDuffie, Wright,
Woodbury, Benton, Bagby, Colquitt, and others, all mem-
Iters of the party calling itself democratic.
Mr. Benton has an abhorrence for the very name of tariff,
in his remarks on the 25th March, 1844, he said:
"Who is there old enough,to remember it, who does not
regret the loss of the times when the word tai-ift was never
pronounced, and when, in respect to these laws, the mass
of our population was in the happy condition of Molierc's
Country Gentleman, who talked prose all his life, without
knowing it1 I, for one, remember these times, and wish to
return to them/'
Farther on Mr. B. says:
"I take It for certain that the act now in force is not to
stand; that either at the present session, or after another
general election, it tfUl be essentially changed. It was not
passed as a permanent act. Several of those who voted for
it, and without whose" votes it could not have passed, de-
clared at the time that they took it as a temporary measure
—as a measure which they disliked—but which they ac-
cepted for the time-from motives of expediency.
[Here Mr. Wbight, to whom Mr. B. looked, nodded as-
sent: r
"I voted against it, and with the full conviction that I
should soon vote upon it again, and un<?er better auspices.
Whether the auspicious time for this voting has arrived, I
do not undertake to decide. Certainly the auspices are not
all in our favor. The session of Congress before the
holding of a presidential election is not the favorable
session for beneficial legislation. A President without a
party, two parties without a President—the Senate one way,
the House of Representatives another way: the President
free trade, and the cabinet mixed;—these elements, take nto-
gether, compose a very heterogeneous mixture, and pre-
sent .an aspect not at all favorable to the enactment of whole-
some laws, or the application of healing remedies to the
disorders of the State; - I even doubt whether a cool dis-
cretion would" recommend any attempt to settle the tariff
question' at this session. 1 speak of settle, in contradis-
tinction to discuss. I believe in the virtue of discussion—
temperate, enlightened discussion—directed to the intelli-
gence, and' to the moral sense of the community; and, in
that view, I am of opinion that the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. McDuffie] has done well to bring on the
present debate; but discussion is one thing, and setuing the
question is another. I db not think that the present is the
time to settle the question. Besides our discordant and
heterogeneous condition, so unfavorable to harmonious ac-
tion; besides the danger of miscarriage from this source,
there is another tribunal which has jurisdiction of the sub-
ject, and is now occupied with it, and whose decision will
be paramount to ours. The question itself is now on trial
before the great areopagus of the people, and must have its
solution from that tribunal before we meet again. The
presidential election involves the fate of the tariff, and to
that fate a future Congress will have to conform, be our ac-
tion now what it may. Now, as in the year 1832, the fate of
the high tarifi is staked in the person of its eminent cham-
pion—its candidate for the presidency of the United States.
That champion was defeated then, and his system with him;
and he may be defeated again. If he shall be, we shall set-
tle the question with more harmony and equity, and with a
better chance for stability, than at t;he present time; if not,
all that we may do now, may soon be reversed. Seeing
this, and that all we do now, if we do anything, must be
imperfect and provisional, I very much doubt the policy of
attempting to settle the tariff question at the present ses-
sion. I am in favor of discussion but doubt the practicabil-
ity, at this time, of judicious and stable legislation."
Mr. Colquitt, of Georgia, on the 10th of April, 1844, thus
states the issue between the two parties, and agrees with
Mr. Bentonin the language just"quoted:
"Most of the whig Senators who have discussed this ques-
tion, have, in an open, manly manner, admitted that the act
of 1842 was a bill passed for protection; that they advo-
cated it because of its ample recognition of the protective
principle; that it is a favorite whig measure, to which all
other measures are subordinate and of secondary importance.
This is fair, and places the issue between the parties upon
this subject,- to be determined by the American people—the
tariff act of 1842, with its high duties and avowed princi-
ples of protection on the one side; and the advocates of low
duties and an equal system of taxation on the other."
Again:'
"To my mind, therefore, it is clear that the tariff act of
1S42 is-unconstitutional, because it was passed for protec-
tion."
Again:
"When the act of 1833 was presented, and accepted as a
compromise of the conflicting interests which produced it,
we knew that the Congress had no power to prevent any
subsequent Congress to abide its legislation. But we did
believe, and had a right to brieve, that every lover of his
country—every lover of its peace and harmony—every
lover of equality and justice—and every admirer of integ-
rity and honor,—would freely sacrifice* upon the peaceful
altar, and seek to make permanent its pillars. The demo-
cratic party were in power during almost the entire period
in which these diminishing burdens were to be borne by the
country. They would have abolished the system altogether
years before the period designated for its termination; but
they had scrupulous regard to national honor; and. though
not compelled, felt it a duty due the country to carry out
its plighted faith. Unfortunately for the government—un-
fortunately forthe interest of those who had submitted to
suffer wrong for nine y*ars - with the hope of redress,—an
unparalleled paroxysm of excitement, based on no political
issue, changed the administration. Soon after the reins of
government had been seized by the whiafs, they, in recklcss
violation of public faith, revived the odious system ofthe
tariff, at a time when the whole country considered it set-
tled; and notwithstanding they had, dining the canvass
that brought them into power, declared that it should not
-be interrupted—justifying the deed by the heartless decla-
ration, 'we are not bound by the acts of a prior Congress."
Promises had been made to the people, and this act of 184*2
was brought forward. Then, as a 'measure, of relief,' it
was puffed by the Committee on Manufactures of the House
of Representatives as the only thing that could relieve—as
the 'sovereign balm for every wound' Senators Irere,
during this debate, have published the same thing, and hold
up the tariff of 1842 as having already produced great good:
and, by its continuance, predict that all wrongs will be rec-
tified. Everything is staked upon the tariff—the success of
the party, the success of the country, and the continuance
of the Union.1'
Mr. Woodbury, on the 7th and 8th of February, also
made a labored attack ypon the tariff of 1842; it would con-
sume more time than is allotted me, were I to dwell upon
portions of his speech which I have marked and designed
to allude to. Mr. W differs in toto from the general assem-
bly and people of my State, in his estimate of the beneficial
effects of that piece of legislation. He says:
"My, object is to present some reason why the exorbirant
and partial rates of duties on "imports which now exists,
should not be tolerated a single day longer than is required
to make the change judiously."
In the discussion in this House on the present bill, intro-
duced by the Committee of Ways and M^ans^-up to this
moment, opposition to the tariff of 1842 has", alone come
from the opponents ofthe whig policy and the whig -party;
and of the seventy or eighty whigs on this floor, but one is
understood to be opposed to its maintenance.
"Now, while in these halls, the anathemas of the- party
are thus hurled against the protective principle ana the
tariff of 1842, the issue is studiously avoided by the Va* Bu-
ren press in Pennsylvania. A public meeting has eulogized
a senator from that State for his vote on the passage of this
"bladk tariff" of 1342; and.yet we find no distinct avowal of
principle which can induce the belief that the party is fa-
vorable to it. Correspondence has passed between Mr.
Van Buren and his leading political friends in Pennsylvania,
but not a word transpires in favor of protection; indeed, we
could hardly expect it, after his letter to Mr. Ritchie, to
which I have above referred. The Democratic Union, the
leading organ ofthe Keystone State, has made a distinct
avowal of the principles for which they contend in the ap-
proaching contest. The pointed and studious manner in
which the tariff is shunned) show that the leaders of the
party are deceiving the people, and that the interests of
Pennsylvania will-be sacrificed, if that party should retain
its ascendency in the State, or regain it in the nation. I
would ask the "democracy" to look at the following from
the Democratic Union, of April 3, 1844, and see how the
tariff question is avoided. f.
THE SKIES ARE BRIGHT.
The prospect brightens around us. And how could it be
otherwise, supposing that the majority of the people of
Pennsylvania are, as they profess to be, democrats for prin-
ciple's sake? The candidates who have been regularly
brought before the people—Van Buren, Johnson, and Muh-
lenberg—rest their claims to democracy upon no equivocal
grounds; they come before the people divested of every pre-
judice, of every sympathy for those principles of federalism,
which for years past have been secretly engrafting them-
selves upon democratic practice, they appear beford their
fellow-citizens clothed in the plain and simple garb of una-
dulterated democracy, pledged to carry out those vital par-
ty principles which Jefferson propagated, and Jackson nas
restored to us. And what are those principles'? We shall
state them distinctly, m order to prevent any misunder-
standing:
1. That all men were created free and equal.
2. That governments were instituted for the common
benefit.
3. That all political power should be in the hands of the
people. ' -
4. That they possess the natural right to alter or abolish
any part ofthe system of government created by them and
for them, whenever they find it useless or oppressive.
5. That every State should be supreme within itself, and
make all laws for its internal regulation; dependent and sub-
ject only so far as it may have delegated certain trusts and
powers to a general head.
6. That the general head, not being possessed of any pos-
itive power on the subject, has no right te interfere in the
local concerns of the States by erecting within her border*
any works of internal improvement of a local nature, and no
right to squander the public mone'y for such a purpose.
7. That acts of legislation which may have a partial bear-
ing—oppressive to one portion of the people and advan-
tageous to another—are wrong in their nature, and ought
not to be passed.
8. That all monopolies are infringements upon the rights
of the people, because they grant special privileges to a fa-
vored few, in which the general mass have no interest, and
from which the country derives no benefit.
9. That national money monopolies are "institutions dead-
ly hostile to the liberties of the people, oppressive, uncon-
stitutional, and unnecessary."
These we hold to be the principles of democracy, as laid
down by Jefferson, opposed by every federal President since
hi? time, and restored and practised in all their rigor and
purity bv Andrew Jackson.
But my colleague, to whom I have before referred, seems
to intimate that the tariff is not an issue before the people of
Pennsylvania, and that their minds are all made up favora-
bly to it. How does he reconcile this assertion to the various
ex-tracts I have quoted from senators of his party ? Either toe
has been deceived, or else he deceives himself: and, by doing
so will perchance induce his constituents to vote for men who
will make bitter and unrelenting war against their interests,
should they be elevated to power. The people of Penmsyl-
vania can expect nothing from the anti-whig party; th'at
State has long been faithful to her principles of "democra-
cy " and has been weil denominated the "wagon-horse" to
extricate the political load from the mud; she gave Jackson
over 50,000 majority; and yet, to this day, despite the alter-
nate beseeching* and threaten!ngs of her leaders, she has
never had a prominent candidate for office whoso claims
ere at all treated with respect. One candidate offered by
the State for the presidency has been crowded off. and now
the leaders would foree upon her a man who is openly and
avowedly oppo.sed to *he protection of her dearest interests.
it is equallv evident. Mr. Chairman, that the almost unan-
imous sentiment ofthe people of Pennsvh ania is in favor
of protection; and that the leaders of the self- t\led demo-
cratic party, for ulterior purposes, are piofessingthemselres
opposed to it. The people are well satisfied with the pres-
ent tariff and its practical operations; the demagogues, who
seek self-advancement, even at the sacrifice of the best in-
terests of the country, for reasons which 1 need not stop to
explain, (because they are self-evident,) are, almost to a
man, seeking its repeal, or (what 1 view as equally fatal to
the prosperity of the working classes) its agitation an l
modification. I have read you, sir, the laconic admission of
Mr. Van Buren that he is opposed to the principle of protec
tion, and the details of the bill of 1842. Were this disap
proval confined to the "northern man with southern princi-
ples^ it might be a fortunate escape for his party in Penney 1-
vania if he were placed aside, andsome othercsndulatemadf*
1 available in his stead. Of this, sir. I have rome fears not.
