664
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
son, Washington Hunt, James B.Jiunt, Joseph R. Inger-
'soil, Irvin. Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kenne-
dy, Preston King, Daniel P. King, Mcllvaine, Edward J.
Morris, Morse,"Moseley, Nes, Patterson, Phosnix, Pres-
ton, Ramsey, Charles M. Reed, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers,
Russell, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Spence, .Stetson, Andrew Stewart, Thomasson,
Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton. Wetheredj VVhea-
ton, Whiter Williams, and Winthrop—79.
•There not being two-thirds, the rules were not
suspended.
The SPEAKER remarked that there were other
communications from the President on the table,
and the reading was called for by several.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to suspend the rules
in order to go into Committee of the Whole.
.Mr. ADAMS asked leave to submit the follow-
ing resolution; which was read for information:
Resolved, That, by the constitution of the United States, the
power of declaring war is expressly and conclusively del-
egated by the people of this Union to the Congress of the
United States. ~
Resolved, That any attempt by the President of the United
States to place them in a state of actual war with any for-
eign nation with or without the advtce and consent of the
Senate, would be a flagrant usurpation of the powers ex-
clusively delegated to the House of Representatives, and re-
quiring of them the exercise of all their constitutional au-
thority to vindicate these lawful powers.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution was not
in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH, and several others, called
for the reading of the messages.
Mr. ADAMS moved to suspend the rules to en-
able him to offer his resolution.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in order,
..there being already pending a motion to suspend the
rmes.
Mr. BOWLIN rose to a privileged question;
and that was to call up the motion to reconsider the
vote on rejecting Senate bill 137, and
The SPEAKER deciding that motion to be in
order,
Mr. WHITE rose to a point of order, and con-
tended that the motion to reconsider being a motion
under the rules, the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, which was to suspend all the rules, should
take precedence of it.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said that the question of re-
consideration being an important one, he would
withdraw his motion to let it come in.
Mr. ADAMS then said that his motion to sus-
pend the rules in order to offer his resolution, was
made before the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Boivlin;] and he therefore asked that
the question be put on it by yeas and nays.
The yeas ana nays being ordered, the question
was put on Mr. Adams's motion to suspend the
rules, and decided in the negative—yeas 78, nays
108, as follows:
YKAS—-Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe, Baker, Barnaul,
Breugle, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Blown, Buftington, Car-
roll, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, (Jollamer, Cranston,
Darrali, Garrett Davis, llichard D. Davis, Debeiry, Dellet,
JUckey, Dillingham, Dunlap, Fish, Florence, Foot, Gid-
dmgs, Ooggin, Willis Green, Grhmell, Grider, Hardin,
Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
irvin, Jenks, Peiley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel
I' Kinij, McJlvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse,
Moseley, Murphy, Parmenter, Phoenix, Pollock, Preston,
Hamsey, Charles M. Reed, Reding, Rockwell, Rodnej,
Rogers* Sample, Schenck, Senter, Severance, Thomas li.
S< vmour, Albert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Andrew
Stewart, John Stewart, Summers, Til'len, Tyler, Vancc,
Vciumeter, Vinton, Wcthered, Wheaton, White, Williams,
and Winthrop—78.
NAYS—Messrs Anderson, Arlington, -Atkinson, B.iyly,
Benton, Bower, Bowlin, Boyd, Brinkeihoft, Biodhead,
Aaron V. Brown, William J Brown, Buike, Burt, Caldw ell,
< atlin, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Chappell,
( Im'on, Cobb. Coles, Cross, Cullom, Dana, Daniel, John
W. Davis, Dawson. Dean, Dromgoole, Duncan, Ellis,
hlmer, Farlee, Ficklm, Foster, French, Byram Green,
Hale, Ilammet, Haralson, Hays, Henley, Herrick, Holmes,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hubbell, Hughes, Hun-
geri'ord, James £. Hunt, Charles J. ingersoll, Jameson,
i. ave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Gcoige W. Jones, An-
drew Kennedy, Pre«ton King, Kirkpatriok, Labranche,
Leonard, Lucas, Lumpkin. Maclay, McClelland, McCler-
nrmd, McConnell. McDowell, McKay, Mathews, Newton,
Norris, Owen, Payne, Elisha R. Potter, Emery D. Potter,
Furdy, David S. Reid, llelfe,, Rhett, Ritter, Robeits. Robin-
son. Russell, St. John, Saunders, David L. Seymour,
Simons, Simpson, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, Stiles, Stone, Strong, Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, Wood-
ward, Joseph A. Wright, and Yost—108.
So the rules were not suspended.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. NOGF, called up the motion to reconsider
ilift vote on rejecting the bill to authorize the Presi-
ili'iit of the United States to cause the reserved
lead mines in the State of Illinois, and Territories
of Iowa and "Wisconsin, to be sold.
Mr. SAMPLE said he also rose to a privileged
question. He moved to suspend the rules, to ena-
ble the Speaker to lay before the House the mes-
sages on his table.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana was not in order, and that
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Hoge] was the pending question.
Mr. A. C. DODGE observed that when the mo-
tion for reconsideration of the bill named by the
gentleman from Illinois was made, the gentleman
from Tennessee- [Mr. C. Johnson] moved to lay
that motion on the table. If the gentleman would
withdraw his motion, he had an amendment to the
bill, which, he thought, would remove all objections
to it.
Mr. C. JOHNSON withdrew his motion to lay
the question of reconsideration on the table.
After a few remarks from Mr. DODGE,
Mr. HOPKINS moved the previous question;
which being seconded, the motion for reconsidera-
tion was agreed to under its operation—ayes 78,
noes 51.
This decision bringing the bill up before the
House,
Mr. A. C. DODGE offered an amendment, pro-
viding that in all lands in which lead or other min-
erals have been, or may be, discovered, the mini-
mum price, either at public or private sale, shall be
$5 per acre. The amendment also providing that
the bill shall not, in any way, interfere with the out-
standing leases,
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the reading of the
bill, and it was read accordingly.
Mr. A. C. DODGE then explained the purport and
objects of his amendment, and called for the reading
of a portion of the debate on this subject, which
took place in the Senate in 1827. This being read
by the Clerk,
He went on and spoke at great length, concluding
with a motion for the previous question.
Mr. BARNARD desired to offer an amendment
by way of an additional section, and it was read for
the information of the House.
The SPEAKEP., then put the question on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOGE called for tellers, and Messrs. Green
and Burke were appointed; and they reported 65
in the affirmative, and 50 in the negative. So there
was a second.
The main question was also ordered to be now
put, the amendment offered by Mr. Dodge was
agreed to, and the question recurred oil the engross-
ment of the bill.
Mr. J. STEWART called for the yeas and nays
thereon, and they were ordered.
Mr. BARNARD rose to make some observa-
tions.
Mr. McCLERNAND called the gentleman from
New York to order, debate being out' of order, as
the previous question had been sustained by the
House.
Mr. RATHBUN moved to lay the bill on the
table, and on thai motion he called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. HOPKINS appealed to the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his motion, as it might
cause the vote to be taken twice on laying on the
table, and on the engrossment of the bill, when one
vote (the latter) would answer every purpose.
Mr. RA,THBUN did not adopt the suggestion,
and the vote was taken, and resulted thus: yeas 67,
nays 98.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill; and on seconding the
demand for the previous question, tellers were call-
ed for, and Messrs. Winthrop and McClernard
were appointed, and they reported 78 in the affirm-
ative. So there was a second, and the main ques-
tion was ordered to be now put.
On the question of its passage, the yeas and nays
were called for, and being ordered, resulted thus:
yeas 92, nays 71.
So the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. BOWLIN, the motion for re-
consideration of the vote by which the bill for the
repeal of an act respecting the survey of a tract of
land formerly in the occupation of the Sac and Fox
Indians was passed, was taken up, and adopted.
Mr DODGE, of Iowa, appealed to the gentleman
from Missouri to withdraw the previous question,
that he (Mr. D.) might be heard on a subject which
was one of much interest to a large and highly
respectable portion of his constituents.
Mr. WJV1. J. BROWN also appealed to the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] to withdraw
his motion for the previous question, stating that he
(Mr. B.) had made the motion expressly that the
delegate from Iowa might be heard on the subject.
Mr. BOWLIN consented.
Mr. DODGE proceeded. He thanked the gen-
tleman from Missouri for his courtesy. He felt the
more thankful for an opportunity to express his
views on the subject of this bill, because of the cir-
cumstances under which it had passed. They were
these: The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Brown]
was instructed by the Committee on Private Land
Claims to report the bill to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it pass. Mr. D., of course, supposed
that it would, like all similar bills, be referred to the
Committee of the Whole, where it could be dis-
cussed; but what was his astonishment when he
found that the gentleman had, at the time of report-
ing the bill, put it on its passage, and that it had
actually passed? Mr. D. said that he went immedi-
ately to the gentleman from Indiana to inquire the
reasons which had induced him to act thus precipi-
tately.
Mr. Brown stated that he did so at the instance
of the friends of the bill, and without thinking of
his, (Mr. D.'s) desire to be heard before the House on
the subject; and that he would promptly move a re-
consideration; which he did.
Mr. D. would not complain of the course of his
friend from Indiana; for although lie had pressed
this matter with more haste than was usual, he still
still seemed disposed to give him (Mr. D.) the priv-
ilege of being heard.
Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. D.) the bill now under
consideration presents one of the most extraordinary
instances of versatility in legislation that he had ever
known. At the last session of Congress, Mr. D.
said that he had presented a number of petitions from
his constituents, praying Congress to re-run and
correctly establish the northern boundary of this
half-breed track,' which was understood, ever since
Lieutenant Lee's report in 1838, to have been incor-
rectly and badly done. These petitions had been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and by
that committee placed in charge of a gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Garrett Davis,] then and now a
member of this House. That gentleman had made
a report upon them, accompanied by a bill, which
became a law on the 3d day of March last. This
report, Mr. D. would send to the Clerk, and ask
that it might be read for the information of the
House. The Clerk read as follows:
' The Committee on the Judicifvry, to which,was referred the me-
morials oj sundry citizens of the Territory of Iowa, praying
Congress to establish and to cause to be surveyed the north tin
boundary line of the reservation of the tteaty of 4th Jiugust,
16J4, belvcen the United Stales and the Sac and Fox tribes of
Indians, for the ut>e oj the half-breeds of those nations, have
examined the subject, and beg leave to report:
"That position is given to_ the northern line of said reser-
vation by the following clause in said treaty: 'The Sac and
Fox tribes or nations of Indians, by their deputations m
council assembled, do hereby agree, in consideration of cer-
tain sums of money, &c , to be paid to the said Sac and Fox
tribes, by the government of the United States, as herein-
after stipulated, to cede and lorever quit claim unto the Uni-
ted States all right, title, interest, and claim, to the lands
which the said sacs and Foxes have, 01 claim, within the
limits of the State of Missouri, which are situated, tying,
and being between the Mississippi and Missouri rivers and
a line running from the Missouri, at the entrance ol the Kan-
y.as river, north one hundred miles, to the northwest corner
of the State of Missouri, and from thence eafct to the Missis-
sippi: it being undeistood that the small tract of land lving
between the rivers Des Moines and the Mississippi, and the
section of the above line between the Mississippi and the
Des Moines, is intended for the use of the half-breeds be-
longing to the Sac and Fox nations, they holding it, howev-
er, by the same title, and in the same manner, that other In-
dian titles are held So far as this article bears upon the
matter referred to the committee, it is not only unambigu-
ous, but it is too explicit to admit of construction. To give
the language defining this northern line the only meaning
which it can possibly carry, that section of a line beginning
at the point which was then known and recognised to be
the northwestern corner of the State of Missouii, and imi-
ning due east until it strikes the Mississippi river, which
lies between that stream and the Des Moines, is the north-
ern boundary of this reservation. Such is the clear pro-
vision of the treaty; and all that can be done, without in-
fringing it, is to survey and demark the line accordingly.
To eftect this, your committee ask leave to report a bill''
The bill accompanying this report, (said Mr. D.,)
as before remarked, became a law. The provisions
of that law, if they had been carried into effect, were
all that his (Mr. D.'s) constituents asked. Auhe
annunciation of its passage their hearts had been
made to leap with joy. They saw, or thought they
saw, at last, an opportunity of becoming the owners
