6?8
appendix to the congressional globe.
April, 1844
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. While.
H. of Reps.
that I dread the verdict which the people of that State will
prorfounce When he is put on his trial in November; but,
sir, jay fears are predicated on that fact that a new candi-
date tftay have opinions on the vital question of protection,
not so well known, and not so much in consonance with
those of his party. I dread lest the old Keystone State
should cast her vote for a candidate claiming to be a pro-
tectionist, whose faith is not orthodox. I dread any can-
didate brought out under the auspices of senators McDuffie,
• Benton, Woodbury, Colquitt, or "Wright, whose views I
have quoted as opposed diametrically to the bill of 1842,
unless the opinions of such candidate are universally
known and as unequivocally expressed as have been Mr.
Van.Buren's.
Look, Mr Chairman, at the strange attitude of the people
and their representatives; from ail quarters we have re-
ceived petitions, which should be regarded as the high
commands of our sovereigns, asking for solidity in our le-
gislation, and no interference with the present taVift', while
we find the leading gentlemen of party to which I stand
opposed, at both ends of this Capitol, directing their attacks
• against that bill, and producing an unhealthy excitement
throughout the country by their continual agitation! agita-
tion ! Is it to be wondered at, then, that I, as a Pennsylva-
nia, should want the position of the presidential candidates
well defined, and that I should consider it vitally important
that the people should know precisely who are the friends
and who the- enemies of protection; and that no att-empt
should be made "to pull wool over their eyes," by inducing
them to believe that the Van Buren party are as favorable
~to the tariff as the whigs are"?
They cannot be deceived, sir. I have showed from the
recorded opinions of members of this House, and of the Sen-
ate, what is to be the great issue in the next contest. The
former cabinet minister of Mr. Van Buren has spoken the
voice of the East; senators McDuffie and Colquitt have re-
sponded for the South; it has been echoed for the West by
Mr. Benton, and re-echoed for the North by Mr. Wright,
that the issue is to be between the protective policy and its
great leader and eminent champion, Henry Clay, on the one
side, and low duties and anabandonment of that policy, .with
their advocate and supporter on the other. I am glad, sir/
that this issue has been distinctly raised, and that Mr. Ben-
ton has openly declared that the- pending presidential elec-
tion involved the fate of the tariff, and that Congress must
conform its action to the decision of that election. This I
want the people of the nation to know; if this sessionof Con-
gress should not act on the tariff, the next will, unless the
people, in the mean time, place their seal of reprobation on
such a determination.
Whnt, then, have the people to hope or expect from a res-
toration to power of the party which in 1840 supported Mr.
Van Buren i Nothing but destructive measures, earned out
against their wishes, and to the nun of their interests Such
being the fearful danger, I may be pardoned for having oc-
cupied the attention of the House so long on the political
bearings of this question, if the whig tariff of ]84J
la to he preserved, the whig party and its gallant
leader must he supported; il direct taxation and low
duties are desired, the Van Buren party will be
sustained m their anti-4merican!eft'orts to paraly/e the arm
of domestic industry. Pennsylvania, and tho entire nation,
knows, then, where*to look, and on whom she must depend
to carry out her cherished policy, and sustain her great in-
terests. The whig party have matured, sustained, and car-
ried the present tariff hill—that bill which has been ap-
proved- by the general assembly of Pennsylvania, and re-
ceived the sanction of the people. On the other hand, all
the opposition to it came from the other party—from the
former adherents of Mr. Van Buren; I would, therefore, ask
again, to whomgmust the Keystone look for countenance
and support in the ruthless warfare that is now, and will
continue to be, waged against her dearestinterests?
[Note.—Here Mr, Ramsf.y was cut short by the expiration
of the period allotted to him under the rule limiting debate
to one hour. He feels a delicacy in referring to any other
subject than those which he touched on briefly before the
House," which will account for the somewhat disconnected
nature ofhis remarks, as, also, the apparent neglect of many
topics, on which he had furnished himself with notes, and
on which he should have been gratified to state his views
bad the opportunity been allowed.]
SPEECH OF MR. WHITE,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives, Jlpril 23, 1844.—In 'de-
fence of Mr. Clay, upon the charge of ''bargain and
sale.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the tar-
iff bill, Mr. Hopkins, of Virginia, m the chair,
Mr. WHITE said:
If, on the present occasion, he should deviate from his
uniform practice of confining himself strictly to the subject
matter under debate, and occupy the attention of the com-
mittee upon other topics, instead of the merits of the bill
under consideration, he hoped he would be excused—re-
ferring, as an apology therefor, to the course of debate upon
several previous bills, on which political speeches had
b^en made by gentlemen on the other side of the House—
and he having once or twice obtained the floor in reply to
them, but having as often yielded to accommodate others,
and deterred his privilege from time to time, he now felt
called upon, by an imperative sense of public duty, to en-
gage in this debate. The extraordinary course of gentle-
men on the other side, and the repeatea assaults and slan-
ders uttered in debate on this floor, and libels 'published
over the signatures of members of this body agamst a dis-
tinguished citizen of his own State, left him no alternative.
Mr. W. said he was not one of those who denied the privi-
lege or propriety of fair and just ci iticism upon the political
principles and services of public men. In his judgment, no
higher duty devolved on a member of Congress than, upon
fit occasions, to discuss the public conduct and character of
aspirants to the presidency of the nation—of men looking to
the highest stations in this great republic. At the same time
he was one of those who, neither here or elsewhere, would
any time assail the private reputation of any public man,
to secure any party or political advantage. He cherished
and honored the sentiment of the noble Spaniard, who said,
"write the private faults of men in sand—their public vir-
tues on brass." He was not one of those who, after the ex-
ample of the boasting Pharisee, "thanked his God he was
better than other meri." He contented himself to prefer the
character of the humble publican, whose constant and fer-
vent prayer was, "Lord be merciful to roe a sinner!" He
said he had been nauseated with the exhibitions of mock
morality and religion on this floor. Day after day, he had
been compelled to listen to tirades of defamation upon the
greatest and best men of the age—uttered by canting hypo-
crites—whited sepulchres—interlarding self-praise and glo-
rification—sickening to the heart of every generous and
patriotic man. It has been truly said by an able divine,
"were the faults of the best man that lives written upon his
forehead, he would not dare show himself in society."
Were the sins of the purest man in this body, among those
who have dealt most lavishly in their slanders upon good
men's names, written upon his forehead, Mr. W. said, he
doubted not it would be as black as Lucifer. He abhorred
and despised the hypocrite who "stole the livery of the
court ofneaven to serve the devil in." "Of all the reprobates,
none seemed maturer for the flames of hell." He regretted
the necessity of these remarks. The conduct of others com-
pelled them. It was no part of his nature to assail any one.
His purpose in addressing the committee was not to attack,
but to defend. It was not nis ambition to fill the character of a
Thersites at any time. It was not his purpose on the pres-
ent occasion to assail the public conduct, even, of any man
in this House, or out of it, except so far as it may he indis-
pensably necessary in the defence of the great whig leader
If ever there should be a time when he might feel himself
called upon to "carry the war into-Africa," now was not
the time, although provocation had been heaped upon prov-
ocation. Without any spirit of idle boasting, he told his
political opponents that he considered them a doomed party.
Feeling so—feelmgthat you, sir. (said Mr. W., addressing the
chairman.; that the party advocating the principles you ad-
vocate, are doomed, it is in -no vindictive spirit that 1 make
the remarks l am about to address to the committee. The
adage, "He whom the Lord intends to destroy, he first
makes mad," was never more forcibly illustrated than by
you and your party. Go back, said Air. W., to the opening
of this Congress; look upon your journal; see uhat you
have done. Go trace the desecration of that instrument,
which the constitution of your country (that you have sol-
emnly sworn j ou would support) requires to be kept sacred;
go and contemplate the destructive spirit of nullification m
that act; go and read the rcoord of a law of the land, enacted
in conformity with all the requirements of the constitution,
trodden under foot by an arbitrary and ruthless act of a ma-
jority of this body. Go read your doom in your conduct on
the repeal, and in the manner of the repeal, of that most just
and beneficent act passed for the distribution of the proceeds
of the public lands Go road it in 5 our bill, reported by
your Committee of Ways and Means, for the restoration of
that odious, monarchical, condemned, four times condemn-
ed. sub-treasury measure. Thei\ come, said he, and read
your fate in this monster now under consideration before
this committee, which you offer as a substitute for the tariff
act of 184*2, whose beneficial influences the whole people see
and feel in the restored credit, public and private, the rc\ iv 
ed trade, and confirmed prosperity of the country. All
these acts are your political winding-sheets. You have
prepared them for yourselves, and the American people are
ready, by an overwhelming voice, to pronounce your
doom.
Mr. W. said, without detaining the committee any
longer with preliminary remarks, he would proceed to
notice the charges of bargain and s-ile revived against the
distinguished leader of the whig party. In the execution of
this task, it became his painful duty to notice a letter of his
colleague, [Mr. Boyd.] It was the first time in his service
on this floor that it had fallen to his lot to be engaged m po-
litical argument or collision with any of his colleagues.
Nothing could be more unpleasant to him. He now asked
the attention of his colleague, the chairman of the commit-
tee, [Mr. Hopkins,] and of his colleague, [Mr. Coles,] whilst
he read a document to which their names were attached.
[Mr. W. then read a letter (written by his colleague, Mr.
Boyd, to Messrs. Hopkins and Coles, of Virginia,) publish-
ed in the Richmond Enquirer, reviving the "charge of bar-
gain and sale," between Mr. Clay and Mr. Adams, giowing
out of the presidential election of 18-24.]
He wished the calm attention of- these gentlemen and the
committee, whilst he examined into and exposed the infa-
my of this foul libel He would say a word as to the time
and circumstances of writing that letter.' It was written
and published, and that, too,'be it remembered, by aKen--
tuckian, when it was known that the distinguished man on
whom it bore was on the borders of an adjoining State,
travelbng as a private citizen, and was to pass into the 'Old
Dominion' within a few days—at a time when it would
naturally be supposed that all malignity and aceibity of
party feeling would be laid aside, and that all the hospitali-
ties of his native State would be extended to him without
distinction of party,—just at that particularmoment his col-
league and his partners had chosen to revive, revamp, and
republish this old and exploded charge oi "bafgam and
sale."
Mr. W said he would now proceed to the consideration
of this charge of "bargain and sale " He would not stop to
demand proof, as he might do, or take judgment by default,
against the accuscrs, and of acquittal for the accused; but
he would assume to prove a negative—the most difficult of
all things to do; yet he flattered himself m this instance he
could do it most successfully, and he would do it, not sim-
ply from from the declarations of Mr. Clay, and those con-
nected with him m the imputed guilt, but out of the mouths
of his enemies he would refute this base slander. In order
to a proper understanding of the case, and an intelli-
gible application of the proof, it is necessary to begin
with the origin of the charge, and trace its history
down to the document now the subject of my remarks.
The following is the first responsible publication of the
charge:
"A Card.-George Kremer. of the House of Representa-
tives, tenders his respects to the Hon. 'H. Clay,' and informs
him that, by reference to the edjtor of the Columbian Ob-
server, he may ascertain the name of the writer of a letter
of the 26th ultimo, which it seems has afforded so much
concern to 'H. Clay.' In the mean time, George Kremer
holds himself ready to prove, to the satisfaction of unpre-
judiced minds, enough to satisfy them of the Accuracy of
the statements which are contained.in that letter, to the ex-
tent that they concern the course-and conduct of 'H. Clay.'
'Being a representative of the people, he will not fear to 'cry
aloud and spare not5 when their rights and privileges are at
stake."
Mr. W. then read an extract from the proceedings of the
House of Representatives, 3d February, 1825, as follows:
"After the usual business of the morning was transacted,
the Speaker (Mr. Clay) rose from his place, and requested
the indulgence of the IIous6 for a few moments, Whilst he
asked its attention to a subject in which he felt '■himself
deeply concerned. A note had appeared this morning in
the National Intelligencer, under the name and with the au-
thority, as he presumed, of a member of this House from
Pennsylvania, (Mr. Kremer,) which adopted as his own a
previous letter, published in another print, containing seri-
ous and injurious imputations against him, and which the
author avowed his readiness to prove. These charges im-
plicated his conduct in regard the pending presidential elec-
tion: and the respectability of the station which the member
holds, who thus openly prefers them, and that of the people
whom he represents, entitles them to your consideration.
It might; indeed, bl* worthy of consideration, whether the
character and dignity of the House itself did not require a
full investigation of them, find an impartial decision on their
truth. For if they were true—if he were capable and base
enough to betray the solemn trust which the constitution
has confided to him—if, yielding to personal views and con-
siderations, he could compromit the highest interests of his
country, the House would be scandalized by his continuing
to occiipy the chair with Avhioh he had been so long hon-
ored in presiding at its deliberations, and he merited' in-
stantaneous expulsion. Without, however,'presuming to
indicate what the House might conceive it ought to do, on
account of its own purity and honor, he hoped he Should be
allowed respectfully to solicit, in behalf of himself, an in-
quiry into the truth of the charges to which he referred.
Standing in the relation to the House which both the mem-
ber from Pennsylvania and himself did, it appeared to him
here was the proper place to institute the inquiry; in order
that, if guilty, here the proper punishment might be ap-
plied; and if innocent, here his character and conduct might
be vindicated. He anxiously hoped, therefore, that the
House would be pleased to direct an investigation to be
made into the truth of the charges. Emanating from the
source they did, this was the only notice which he could
take of them. If the House should think proper to, raise a
committee, lie ti listed some other than the ordinary mode
pursued by the rules and the practice of the House, would
be adopted to appoint the committee."''
"On the conclusion ofhis address the Speaker left the
chair, which was taken by Mr. Taj lor.
"Mr. Forsyth, (of Georgia,) then moved that the commu-
nication, which had been just made to the House by the
Speaker, be entered on the journals; that a select committee
be appointed to investigate the business; and that the com-
mittee be chosen by ballot
"Mr. Kremer. of Pennsylvania, rose to express of entire
acquiescence in the course taken by the-Speaker. He was
not disposed to shrink from the consequences ofhis commu-
nications. He wished tho inquiry to be made; and he was
prepared to meet it, let the stroke fall where it may.''
Mr. W. then read from the proceedings of the House of
Representatives, February 7, 1825:
"A committee of seven was chosen by ballot, on the ap-
of the Speaker (Mr. Clay) to the House. It consists of— '
"P. P. Barbour, of Virginia; Mr. Webster, of Massachu-
setts; Mr. McClary, of Delaware; Mr Taylor, of New York;
Mr. Forsyth, of Georgia; Mr. Saunders, of North Carolina;
Mr. Rankin, of Mississippi.
"On the 9th of February, 1825, Mr. P. P.Barbour, from the
select committee, made the following report, which_was
laid on the tabje, and ordered to be printed:
''The select committee, to whom was referred the com-
munication of the Speaker of the 3d instant, report: That,
upon the firstmeeting, with a view to execute the duty im-
posed upon them by the House, they directed their chair-
man to address a letter to the Hon. George Kremer, isform-
ing him that they would be ready, at a particular time there-
in stated, to receive any evidence or explanation he might
have to offer touching the charges referred to in the com-
munication of the Speaker of the 3d instant. Their chair-
man, in conformity with this instruction, did address such a
letter to Mr. Kremer, who replied that he would make a
communication to the committee. Accordingly, he did
send to them a communication, which accompanies this re-
port, (marked A,) in which he declines to appear before
them, for either of the purposes mentioned in their letter,
alleging that he could not do so, without appearing either
a& an accuser, or as a witness, both of which he protests
against Tn this posture of the case, the committee can take
no further steps. They are aware it is competent for the
House to invest them with powers to send for persons and
papers, and by that means to enable them to make an inves-
tigation, which might be thought necessary; and if they
knew any reason for such an investigation, they would have
asked to be clothed with the proper power; but not hav-
ing themselves any such knowledge, they have felt it to be
their only duty to lay before the House the communication
which they have received."
Mr. W. said thus it appears that, at the moment the charge
was made, Mr. Clay demanded and challenged an investiga-
tion Conscious ofhis innocence, he sought to show toflie
world he was guiltless. The record I have read speaks for
itself; it needs no comment from me.
Now (Mr. W. said) he would proceed with other testimo-
ny bearing upon the subject. And the first witness he
would introduce should be the veteran editor of the Rich-
mond Enquirer, (Thomas Ritchie, esq)
From the Richmond Enquirer of February 10, 1825,
"As to the other questions upon which we publish this
day such copious debates, we do not hesitate to say that ^r,
