April, 1844.
APPENDIX TO TAB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,679
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. White.
H; of Reps.
, Clay has met the charge as a man ought to meet it. His
fearless promptitude and open defiance arethe surest indica-
tions of his innocence. This, combined with avowals from
almostall quarters of the House, and the uniform informa-
tion in the last letters from that city, can leave ,no doubt of
the result of the investigation, nor does Mr. Kremer shrink,
hut we suspect he will seek to escape by a sort of special
pleading, such as Mr. McDuffie has thrown into his amend-
ment. Be it as it may, the inquiry is begun and it.ou'ght to
be prosecuted with energy; the whole matter should be
probed to the bottom; no loop hole ought to be left to hang
a single doubt on, for in times like these the people will ex-
pect their representatives not only to be chaste, but free
from all suspicion. Mr. Clay is innocent of this charge.
"We are fully prepared to see the committee acquit him of
this imputation of bartering his vote for an office."
Mr. Ritchie, (continued Mr. W.,) with all these facts be-
fore him, pronounces '-'Mr. Clay innocent of this charge."
And yet, at'this late day, witft accumulated evidence of his
innocence, with a full knowledge of all the facts of the case,
Mr. Ritchie repeats and reiterate^ this branded libel. How
condemned must he stand before the civilized world. Na-
tures poet has-well said—
"Who steals my purse, steals trash; tis something, no
thing;
>Twasmine, 'tis his, and has been slave to thousands;
But, he that filches from me my good name,
Robs me of that which not enriches him,
- And makes me poor indeed."
Yes, Mr. Chairman, (said Mr. W.) the robber of character
is the vilest thief that lives. He has not the apology of the
burglar—-he may have a starving wife and children appeal-
ing to him for bread.
Well and truly, Mr. Chairman, has the eloquent poet ex-
pressed it, when he says—
"Slander, the foulest whelp of sin. The man in
"Whom the spirit enters, is undone.
His tongue is set on fire of hell, his heart is black as death."
Mr. W. said he would forbear any comment of his own
upon the conduct of this yeteran witness. He delivered
him over to the gnawings of a guilty conscience, and the
punishment of a just God; who has said "vengeance is
mine, and I will surely repay."
He would now call the attention of the committee to &
letter written by the Hon. Thomas H. Benton:
"Washington, December 7, 1827.
"Sir: Your letter of the lHh ultimo, covering the Lex-
ington Virginia Intelligencer of that date, has been duly re-
ceived; and in answer to the inquiries you putrto me, I have
to state that the article to which you invite my attention is
substantially, not verbally, correct, so far as it represents
me as saying that I was informed by Mr. Clay, in the fore
part of December, 1824, that he intended to vote for Mr.
Adams. There is no mistake in the date, as a visit which I
made to your part of Virginia about that time enables me to
fix it with certainty. I left Washington, on that-visit, about
the 15th of December, and had received the information of
Mr. Clay before I sat out, and told it, while absent, in the
familyfof my father-in-law, Col. McDowel, of your county.
But the inference so much insisted upon, that 1 must have
told the same thing to Mr. Eaton and other of his political
friends, is wholly erroneous; for, having no authority from
Mr. Clay to promulgate his intentions, 1 only spoke of them
in the bosom of a private family at two hundred miles dis-
tance from Washington. Since that period, and especially
during the1 present summer, I have, on several occasions,
and sometimes in the presence of political opponents, when
the course of conversation led me to it, mentioned what, I
knew of Mr. Clay's early intention to vote for Mr. .Adams;
and in this way I came to speak of it again, some two or
three weeks since, in the house of my father-in-law, where
I had first spoken of it near three years ago, and whence,
with some additions and variations, without the privity of
any one present at the conversation, it has crept into the pa-
per which you have sent me. No one ever asked my leave
to publish what I said; if any one had, the authors ,of the
publication in the Lexington paper might have been spared
an office which must have been -inexpressibly painful to their
honorable feelings, as I should not ha\e ielused to the ad-
ministration any testimony in my favor to give, notwith-
standing the character of the war which the great body of
their forces are carrying on against me.
"Yours, respectfully,
"THOMAS H. BENTON."
This letter (said Mr W.) not only proved that, two years
after this charge had been made, one of Mr. Clay's bitterest
enemies, (who was an eye witness to the whole transaction,)
considered him innocent of the charge. But it established
another important fact. That, some time before the presi-
dential election came off' in the House, Mr. Clay disclosed
his purpose to vote for Mr. Adams. Mr. Clay had disclosed
this determination to Mr. Crittenden, and many others in
Kentucky, in the. fall before he left home, and long before
Congress convened. He had no secrets, no disguise, in all
his conversations upon this subject.
Mr. W., now, would otter the testimony of another politi-
cal opponent. He read an extract from a letter written by
"the Hon. James Buchanan, dated August 8,1827:
"I called upon General Jackson on the occasion which I
have mentioned, solely as his friend, upon my own individ-
ual responsibility, and not as the agent of Mr. Clay or any
other person I never have been the political friend of Mr.
Clay since he became a candidate for the office of President,
as you very well know. Until 1 saw General Jackson's let-
ter to Mr. Beverly of the 5th ultimo, and at the same time
was informed by a'letter from the editor of the United States
Telegraph, that I was the person to whom he alluded, the
conception never once entered my mind that he believed me
to have been the agent of Mr. Clay and his lriends, or that I
intended to propose terms of any kind for them, or that he
could have supposed me capable of expressing an 'opinion
that it was right to fight such intriguers with their own
weapons." . .
"I had no authority from Mr. Clay or his friends to pro-
pose any terms to General Jackson in relation totheirvotes.
Nor did I ever make any such proposition: and I trust I
would be as incapable of becoming a messenger upop such
an occasion, as it was known General Jackson would be to
receive such a message."
It will be recollected (said Mr. W.) that this was the wit-
ness with whom this foul charge .of slander and defamation
had its origin. Gen. Jackson had repeated the slander on
the testimony of Mr. Buchanan; and from him this individ-
ual, Carter Beverly, had received the charge which he had
made public." Carter Beverly at that time had been an en-
emy of Clay; he had lived long enough to come to his ;
senses. Before his death, although he had slept over this
charge foryears, perhaps in view-of the grave, he had been
prompted-to award justice to an injured and innocent man;
he had'come out with his unqualified denial and refutation
of the charge. And (said Mr. W.; addressing the chairman)
I predict 'that, before you and some other gentlemen shall !
have descended to the tomb—when the violence of party
feelings shall have had time -to subside, and party blinds
shall have fallen from your eyes and the eyes oi others, and
all those prejudices which are calculated to delude and be-
wilder the hum,an mind, and lead to false conclusions, shall
have been dissipated,—you and others will write, declaring
the innocence of this man. Now hear what this dying man
said. Mr. W. read from a letter of Carter Beverly to Mr.
Clay, as follows:
4 'It will be, no doubt, matter of some astonishment to you,
in receiving from me the present address. I will not preface
it with any kind of apology, because, in doing it, I justify
my mind in the discharge of an act of conscience, and a du-
ty that I feel, the utmost pleasure in performing.
' "Although the time-is quite far gone since 1 became, very
innocently, instrumental in circulating throughout the
country a very great attack on your character and virtue
as a gentleman, and certainly a very heavy one as a.public
man, I feel exceedingly desirous to relieve you, as far as I
can, from the slander, and my own feelings from the severe
compunction that is within me, on having been, though
nether directly nor indirectly your personal accuser, yet
that I was drawn directly into the representation of an at-
tack upon you. * * * * * 4
"I again say, that I am most thoroughly convinced that
you were most untruthfully, and therefore unjustly, treated;
for I have never seen any evidence to substantiate at all the
charge. ****••*•**■*
a . "CARTER BEVERLY."
Now, (Mr. W. continued,) while this old charge of slan-
der had been so fully-refuted by the testimony of the very
enemies of Mr. Clay, they found it revived, not only in the
Richmond papers, but in every paper in this District claim-
ing to be democratic or official. Mr. Ritchie had repeated
this charge, and the presidential organ here, "The Madiso-
nian,"had copied it without any comment, save at the close
the words, "True, oh King.!" taking from Holy Writ-thia
expression to pervert it to the sanctioning of this most infa-
mous and unfounded libel. Now, what had this man, the
present executive, under whose eye and under whose hand
this charge was now being repeated, said, in other days,
when he had some little regard to truth and justice'? Mr. W.
read from a letter of"Mr. Tjler of the 14th February, 1827,
as follows:
"In adverting to that-letter, I shall content myself with
stating its substance; but if Mr. Clay shall see cause to
gratify the appetites of newspaper editors, he is at liberty
to publish it. I shall have no cause to complain of it. It is
then, perfectly true that I wrote to Mr. Clay in the spring of
1825. It is also true that I approved of his course growing
' out of the presidential election, and concurred with him
most emphatically in the result of his vote. It is equally
so, that I esteemed Mr Adams as decidedly better qualified
for the presidency than Gen. Jackson, and that I would have
voted for him after Mr. Crawford's chance of success was
over. To this effect I wrote to Mr.. Clay in terms of per-
feet frankness. * -* ■ * * * Or is it because I do not
believe Henry Clay, along with &he western delegation who
sided with him. to have been bought and sold, for which, if
guilty, he and they deserve to be gibbeted, that I am there-
fore bound to-support an administration which may oppose
all my convictions of proper policy?" #
Now, he asked his colleague, as a candid and fair man,
whilst he was permitting garbled statements of the testimo-
ny taken in the Kentucky "legislature m the investigation of
this foul charge of bargain and sale, why it was that he had
suppressed the testimony of Jppthah Dudley, one of his
own political friends? And why ne had suppressed various
depositions that had been elicited in vindication of the
character of this man? Here was testimony, and testimony
of his colleague's own particular friends, which it would
make him blush to read, and then to read his own remarks
on the subject.
Mr. W. had done with the testimony of Mr Clay's politi-
cal enemies. and he thought that any set of men, that any
tribunal, would be compelled, from this evidence, to pro-
nounce him innocent of this foul chargc.
He would now read the testimony of some distinguished
gentlemen, who alone could speak, because they had been
part and parcel—one or two of them—of the. transaction
itself; and he would submit their testimony, making all due
allowance for men speaking of affairs in which they-them-
selves had been participators. Before he presented this
proof, he would read a short extract from a distinguished
foreigner, whose testimony could not be questioned by any
man-on this floor; who had no interest under heaven, either
in vindicating or in condemning this man. He would read
from the statement of General Lafayette:
"My remembrance concurs with your own on this point:
that in the latter end of December, either before or after my
visit to Annapolis, ) ou being out of the presidential candida-
ture, and after having expressed my above mentioned motives
of forbearance, I, by way of confidential exception allowed
myself to put a simple, unqualified question respecting your
electioneering guess and your intended, vote. Your answer
was, that in your opinion, the actual state of health of Mr.
Crawford had limited the contest to a choice between Mr.
Adams-and General Jackson; that a claim founded on mili-
tary achievements did not meet your preference, and that
you had concluded to vote for Mr. Adams."
He would now oflcr the testimony of the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Adams,] who had been
a part and parcel in the transaction, and to whose testimony
the present generation and posterity would eive that weight
it was entitled to. He would first read fromlns letter to the
New Jersey committee, after he had retired from the presi-
dential chair*
"Upon him (Mr. Clay) the foulest slanders have been
showered. Long known and appreciated as successively a
member of both Houses of your national legislature asthe
unrivalled speaker, and at the same time most efhcient
leader of debates in one of them—as^n able and successful
negotiator for your interests, in war and in peace. With for-
eign powers, and as a powerful candidate for the highest oi
your trusts,—the Department of State itself was -a station
which, by its bestowal, could confer neither profit nor honor
upon him. but upon which he has shed pnfading honor by
the manner in which he discharged its duties. Prejudice
and passion have charged him with obtaining that omce ny
bargain and corruption. Before you, fellow-citizens, in^the
presence of our country and of heaven, I pronounce that
charge totally unfounded. This tribute of justice is due
from me to him, and I seize with pleasure the opportunity
afforded me by your letter of discharging the obligation.
This distinguished patriot and statesman, (continued Mr
W.,) on a more recent occasion, not having sought the op-
portunity himself, but having been called on during his
-western tour this fall by a committee, responded m this
language to this same charge: -
"I thank you, sir, for the opportunity you have given me
of speaking of the great statesman who was associated,
with me in the administration of the general government,
at my earnest solicitation—who belongs not to Kentucky
alone, but to the whole Union; and is not only an honor, to
this State and this nation, but to. mankind. The charges to
which you refer, I have, after my term of service had ex-
pired, and it was proper for me to speak, denied before tne
whole country; and I here reiterate and reaffirm that de-
nial; and as I expect .shortly to appear before my God, to
answer for the conduct of my whole life, should those,
charges have found their way to the throne of eternal jus-
tice, I will, in the presence of Omnipotence, pronounce
them false."
Was that the language (asked Mr. W) of a man declaring
falsehood and untruth"? Did it appear that a declaration ot
this character, if false, would be made by a man solemnly
appealing to that God in whose presence he was conscious
he was soon to appear, either for approbation or for condem-
nation? What man is there in this country so base as now
to repeat this foul, this malicious, this branded libel.
notes.
Extract from Colonel Drayton's speech.
"I will here, sir, (said Colonel Drayton) avail myself of
the occasion to disclaim, on my part, in what I have said,
or in what I may hereafter say, all allusion to individuals.
Allusions of this nature may sometimes be unavoidable^ it
may sometimes be excusable, and sometimes even a duty to
make them; but, unless under peculiar circumstances, they
should be avoided. Personality is not argument; nor is it
manly to attack the character of those who are not pres-
ent to defend them. I will not say that I have not heard
reports injurious to some who are, and to some who are not,
now members of Congress, as connected with the late presi-
dential election; but I know, sir, and I often painfully wit-
nessed the effects of party feelings, even upon the virtuous
and enlightened. Tne representations of those who are
under such an influence, must be cautiously ^received.
They cannot refrain from mingling their passions with
their judgments; their disappointments with their state-
ments; and it has always been my habit to believe slowly
and reluctantly, that any one who has been long distin-
guished for high-mmdedness and talent, and who has long
enjoyed the confidence of his country, would dcscend so low
- as to barter away the jewel, reputation, for the paltry emol-
uments, or the transient honors of office." See 2 ■vol. Con-
gressional Register, pp. 15, 61.
Osuichee Bexd, Russell co., Ala.,
May 26, 1844.
Dear sir: I have had the honor to receive your favor of
the 17th instant. There is nothing m the nature of your
communi cation which requires an apology for your address-
tf I had in my possession such a letter from General Jack-
son, as has been most erroneously supposed,.1 should under
his very emphatic card of the 3d instant, in the Nashville
Union, have felt myself released from all reserve as to its
publication. You will have perceived, ere this reaches
you, from my reply to that gentleman, that he never in the
confidence which once subsstefl between us, transmitted
me such a paper. „ , ,
Indeed, I have frequently iheard him express opinions
altogether at variance with the alleged retraction. His be-
lief, and that generally of the party to which I v. as then at-
tached. I did not share, in reference to the charge of "bar-
gain and corruption," which, m 1825, was so ireoly prefer*
red aealnst Mr. Clay and Mr. Adams, and which constituted
the electioneering staple of our party, during the four y ears
war which ended in our triumph, in 1829.
It would, m mv humble opinion, have been an act ol
supererogation on the part of Mr. Clay, to have made a bar-
gam for what, by the force and gravity of political causes
and geographical considerations, was inevitable, without
either Ins crime or his participation—an oflcr ol a seat
in Mr. Adams's cabinet. In accepting it I have alwf.y*
understood he acted in conformity with the advice ol
some of the most influential supporters _ ot Mr. Craw
ford whose friends then occupied a position ol neutral-
itv between the two great parties of General Jackson
and Mr. Adams, although they soon aftei, it is true,
beame belligerents on our side. 1 sincerely believe that Mr
Clay's acceptance of the office, that subjected him to such
obloquv, was the result of a sense ol the duty which he
owed to the country, to aid by his counsels, him whom in-
had assisted to place in power He certainly relinquishes
for the department of State, a position in the House ol Rep-
resentatives, far more desirable, and oi more influence euvl
authority, which was much betifr adapted to thc_ pocnijvr
and transcendant vein of his signal ability tor di tincti"r. ju
a popular assembly.
