CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
of the lands upon which many of them have so long
resided. But it proved a delusive hope! The spec-
ulators who had got possession of this land had in-
fluence enough to prevent the re-running of the line,
the ^Secretary of War deciding that it could not be
done because no specie appropriation had been made
for the purpose; although topographical and other
surveyors had been ordered, without any special
appropriations, up to and beyond the Rocky moun-
tains. Mr. D.'s constituents had cherished the hope
that this difficulty would be removed by Con-
gress making the necessary appropriations for
running the line in question at the present
session; but in this it seemed they were again doom-
ed to doomed to disappointment. The law itself was
to be repealed. And for whom? and at whose in-
stance? For the benefit of heartless speculators,
who, not content with swindling and cheating—as in
many instances he, (Mr. D.) knew they had—the
poor half-breeds, were now throttling the govern-
ment to prevent it from reclaiming the possession of
its property, which, by an error of the compass,
was now placed under the control of the persons to
whom he alluded.
This, Mr. Speaker, (said Mr. D.,) is a case of the
Empire State (New York) and Missouri, against the
Territory of Iowa: thirty-six and seven are forty-
three presidential votes, against none; and, if stated
in court, would be: The JNew York and St. Louis
speculators versus the squatters in Iowa.
Mr. D. then went into a history of the line in
question, and of its connexion with "Sullivan's"
line.
He read from Mr. Albert Miller Lea's report as
commissioner for ascertaining the southern bounda-
ry of Iowa, House document, No. 128, 3d session,
27th Congress, as foliowa:
"The line, as surveyed by Col. Sullivan, (in 1816,)
is delineated on the accompanying map; and the field
notes are in the office of the surveyor general at St.
Louis. It begins on the Missouri river, opposite to
the mouth of Kanzas river, and runs thence one
hundred miles north, and thence due east, according
to the field notes, one hundred and fifty and a half
miles, to the Des Moines river; but subsequent sur-
veys have shown that the general course of this line
is north of east, amounting at the east end to two
and a half degrees; the error having arisen from
want of proper care in making corrections for the
variation of the needle."
Mr. D. exhibited Lea's map, and showed where
the true line would fall, and that some 57,000 or 60,-
000 acres of land now within this tract, would be
made public land, which, at the lowest price, would
bring the government $75,000. He then read the
following extract from the treaty of August 4, 1824,
which he contended was the governing article on the
subject of this boundary line.
"Article 1. The Sac and Fox tribes or nations of
Indians, by their deputations in council assembled,
do hereby agree, in consideration of certain sums of
money, &c., to be paid to the said Sac and Fox
tribes by the government of the United States, as
hereinafter stipulated, to cede and forever quit claim;
and do, in behalf of their said tribes or nations,
hereby cede, relinquish, and forever quit claim, unto
the United States, all right, title, interest, and claim
to the lands which the said Sac and Fox tribes have
or claim withm the limits of the State of Missouri,
which are situated, lying and being between the
Mississippi and Missouri rivers, and a line running
from the Missouri, at the entiance of Kansas liver,
north one hundred miles, to the northwest corncr of
the State of Missouri, and from thence east to the
Mississippi; it being understood that the small tract
of land lying between the rivers Des Moines and
the Mississippi, and the section of the above line be-
tween the Mississippi and the Des Moines, is in-
tended for the use of the half-breeds belonging to the
said Sac and Fox nations; they holding it, however,
by the same title, and in the same manner that other
Indian titles arc held."
Mr. D. scouted the idea which was advanced in
the icport accompanying this bill from the Senate,
that the vendees of the half-breeds had a vested right
to the lands embraced within the present recognised
line. They, as purchasers, had a right to all the
lands south of an east (which always meant a due
east) line from the point one hundred miles north
of the mouth of the Kansas river and between the
Dps Moines and Mississippi rivers, and not, in his
humble estimation, to any more.
Tlie gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] who
was now present, would bear him (Mr. D.) witness
that he had not expressed any opinion or wish cbn-
ceming this line until after the report find bill was
before the House during the last Congress; but now
that the hopes and expectations of his constituents
residing on the upper part of this tract of land had
been excited with the prospect of obtaining a title to
their homes from the government of their country,
he felt that he would be recreant to his dutyt were
his voice not to be raised in their behalf. He trusted,
now that the House was in possession of the facts,
that the motion to reconsider would prevail, and the
law of the 3d of March last would not be repealed.
Mr. RATHBUN was proceeding to address the
House, when
A message from the President of the United
States was delivered by John Tyler, jr., returning
to the House of Representatives the bill making ap-
propriations for the improvement of certain
HARBORS AND RIVERS,
with the President's objections.
The message having been read,
Mr. SEYMOUR of New York said he presumed
it was not the intention of the House to enter, at
this time, upon the consideration of the very impor-
tant questions presented by the message of the Pres-
ident, which had just been read, nor to decide again
upon the merits of* the bill to which the message re-
ferred. He therefore moved that the message be
entered upon the journal of the House, and that the
House do, on Thursday next, at 12 o'clock, at noon,
proceed to the consideration of the bill and message;
and upon this he moved the previous question.
Mr. C. JOHNSON i*eferred to the clause of the
constitution which directs that when a bill shall be
returned to that branch of Congress in which itori-
nated, with the President's objections, the objections
shall forthwith be entered on the journal, and the
House shall proceed to reconsider the bill.
After some conversation between Mr. BAR-
NARD and others, in which Mr. Barmard desired
Mr. Seymour to withdraw the motion for the previ-
ous question, *
Mr. SEYMOUR assented, provided Mr. Bar-
nard would rencwit.
This Mr. BARNARD declined.
Mr. SEYMOUR said the motion which he had
made, he believed, was in strict conformity with the
precedents which might be found in the former prac-
tice of the House. He called the previous question.
Mr. BARNARD claimed the floor, on the ground
that he had addressed the Chair, and been recog-
nised, before the previous question was demanded.
After some conversation upon this point,
Mr. BARNARD gave way; and the previous
question was seconded, and the main question or-
dered to be now put.
A question arose as to what the main question
really was.
The CHAIR (Mr. Boyd occupying the chair pro
tern.) decided that the question would be on the post-
ponement of the consideration ©f the message until
Thursday.
Mr. DROMGOOLE dissented from this opinion
of the Chair, and took an appeal.
Mr. WHITE also denied the correctness of the
decision.
After some conversation upon this point, (Mr. J.
W. Jones having resumed the occupancy of the
chair,)
The SPEAKER concurred with the opinions ex-
pressed by Messrs. Daomcoole and White, that
the question would be on the passage of the bill, as
directed by the constitution—a majority of two-
thirds being required tp pass the bill in opposition to
the objections of the President.
Mr. HAMLIN moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the main question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. SEYMOUR called the attention of the Chair
to the fact that the previous occupant of the chair
[Mr. Boyd] had decided that the main question
would be upon the postponement of the considera-
tion of the message and bill; and that it was upon
the f.uth of that decision that he had moved the
previous question; and he hoped, therefore, that the
motion to reconsider would prevail. The motion
which he had made was in strict conformity to the
precedent established by the House.
The question was then put on reconsidering the
vote by which the main question was ordeted, and
decided in the negative—ayes 44, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER then said that the next question
would be, "Shall the bill pass notwithstanding the
President's objections5" and the constitution required
the yeas and nays on it.
The question was then taken on the passage
of the bill, by yeas and nays, and decided in the
negative—there not being two-thirds voting in the
affirmative—yeas 103, nays 84, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Anderson, Ashe, Ba-
ker, Barnard, Milton Brown, William J. Brown, Jere-
miah Brown, Buftington, Jeremiah E. Gary, Carroll,
Catlin, Causin, Chilton. Clinch, Collamer, Cranston, Dana,
Darragh, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dean, Dellet,
Dickey, Douglass, Ellis, Elmer, Fish, Florence, Foot, Fos-
ter, Giddings, Goggin, Byrara Green, Grider, Hardin, Har-
per, Hays, Herrick, Hubbell, Hudson, Washington Hunt,
Chailes J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Jenks,
Perley B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Preston King, Daniel
P. King, Leonard, Lyon, McCanslen, McClelland, Mcll-
vaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris, Morse, Mosely, Patterson,
Phoenix, Pollock, Elislia R. Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratf,
Preston, Purdy, Ramsey, Charles M. Reea, Robinson, Rock-
well, Rodney, Rogers, Russell, St John, Sample, Schenck,
Senter, Severance, David L. Seymour, Albert Smith, John
T. Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Spence, Stephens, Stetson, An-
drew Stewart, Summers, Sykes, Thomasson, Tibbatts,
Tilden, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, Wentworth,
Wheaton, "White, Winthrop, and Yost—103.
NAYS—Messrs Arrington, Atkinson, Barringer, Bayly,
Benton, Bidlack, Edward J. Black, James Black, Bowlin,
Bovd, Brengle, Brodhead, Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Burt,
Caldwell, Campbell, Reuben Chapman, Augustus A. Chap-
man, Chappell, Clingman, Cobb, Coles, Cullom, Daniel,
John W Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dillingham, Dromgoole,
Failee, Ficklin, French, Hale, Hammet, Haralson, Henley,
Hoge, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hughes, Hungerford,
James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geo.. W
Jones, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Lucas, Lumpkin, Maclay,
McClernand, McConnell, McDowell, McKay Newton,
Norris, Owen, Parmenter, Payne, Rathbun, David S. Reid,
Reding, Relfe, Rhett, Bitter, Roberts, Saunders, Thomas
H. Seymoui, Simons, Simpson, Slidell, Thomas Smith,
Robert Smith, Steenrod, John Stewart, Stilea, Stone, Tuck-
er^Weller, Williams, Woodward, and Joseph A. Wright
So the bill was rejected.
The questionthen recurred on the motion to re-
consider the vote on the passage of the bill repealing
the act for removing the northern boundary of the
half breed Sac and Fox reservations in Iowa.
Mr. RATHBUN, who had the floor, made some
remarks in opposition to the reconsideration, and in
favor of the bill; after which
Mr. HOPKINS moved the previous question;
which was seconded by the House.
The main question being ordered, it was taken,
and decided in the negative.
On motion by Mr. BRENGLE, the House re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Hamlin, of Maine, in the
chair.)
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to take up the
bill to establish a naval depot at Memphis, Ten-
nessee.
Mr. McKAY said there was an appropriation bill
on the table, which had the preference over all other
bills; and he would move to take it up—being the
bill making appropriations for the payment of navy
pensions for the year 1845.
Mr. C. JOHNSON acquiesced in the motion of
the gentleman from North Caiolina—saying he
would move to take up the Memphis depot bill,
when the appropriation bill was disposed of.
The navy pension appropriation bill was then ta-
ken up and read.
Mr. PARMNTER offered an amendment appro-
priating $18,000 for arrears of privateer pensions
which have not been paid in consequence of the ex-
haustion of the privateer pension fund by the pre-
vious legislation of Congress.
The amendment being agreed to,
Mr. VANCE offered an amendment appropria-
ting $105,000 to pay for the improvements of the
Wyandott Indians, in accordance with the treaty of
Sandusky, of 25th August, 1842.
Mr. C. JOHNSON objected that the amendment
was not m order.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
not in order, it having no connection v/ith the bill
before the House.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
On motion by Mr. C. JOHNSON, the committee
next took up the bill establishing a naval depot at
Memphis, Tennessee.
Mr. HAMMET said he regretted very much
that a severe headache would prevent him from ad-
dressing the committee this evening; and he hoped
the friends of the bill would consent to its being in-
formally laid aside till to-morrow. He pledged
himself then to mil it up, and go on with it.
Mr. C. JOHNSON suggested that, if the bill was
reported to the House, the gentleman could be heard
on it before taking the question; and he was sure
that that privilege would not be denied him.
Mr. HAMMET replied that there was an amend-
ment pending which he wished to discuss; and the
