APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Coira 1st Sess.
Railroad Iron—Mr. Buchanan.
June,'1-944
Senate.
I know.that this - view of the case runs counter to the
opinions of my old chief, (who, if he puts himself at the
head ofihe annexation movement, will be my chief again,)
and'to .those of many esteemed friends, with whom I was
pioudly and victoriously associated in the struggle of 1828
and >29. But they must pardon me for adhering to. opinions
(however valueless) long since entertained and frequently
-expressed. And now, when I have no sort of connection
•with any party in the country,- (except on, one isolated
question, associated, as I believe, with the best interests of
the whole Union, and the vital security of the South,) 1
hope I may be allowed, without' any impeachment of my
.own motives, and certainly with no adhesion, either ex-
pressed or implied, to the politics of Mr. Clay, to do jus-
tice, as far as my humble opinions can afford it,-to his
public reputation and his unsullied personal honor.
I reman, dear sir, with esteem, very respectfully, your-
obedient servant,
J. HAMILTON.
Hon. John "White, House of Representatives.
A resolution relating to certain resolutions adopted by the
general assembly of the State of Tennessee at the session
of 1827, condemnatory of John Q. Adams and Henry Clay,
referred to in said resolutions:
Resolved by the General Jlssenikly of the State of Tennessee,
That so much of the proceedings adopted by the legislature
of Tennessee in 1827, as sustains the allegations, either-.ex-
pressed or implied of an improper and corrupt combination,
or, as it has been more generally denominated, "corrup-
tion, bargain, and intrigue," between John Q. Adams and
Henry Clay-; is, in the opinion of this general assembly, un-
supported by proof, and not believed.
Adopted, January 27,1S44.
D. L. BARRfNGER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
J. M. ANDERSON,
Speaker of the Senate.
A true copy:
Jno. S. Young, Secretary ofState.
REMARKS OF MR. BUCHANAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,4
In Senate, June 11, 1844—Against the. bill reported
by Mr. Evans, of Maine, from the Committee on
Finance, "to provide for the remission of duties
on railroad iron in certain cases."
Mr. BUCHANAN said:
He had been greatly astonished, both at the
character of this bill and the quarter from which it
proceeded. That the chairman of the Committee
on Fii.ance, [Mr. Eians,] who had reported the
tariff net of 1842, and sustained it throughout with
distinguished ability, should now attempt to with-
draw the protection which it afforded to the, great
iron interest of the country, was indeed wonderful;
nay, amazing. Why this change? Was it because
the senator, having already secured all the protec-
tion which he desired for the manufactures peculiar
to New England, thought he might, with safety,
turn round and relieve his constituents from the pay-
ment of duties on the great staple manufacture of
other States of the Union? His bill proved that he
■was prepared to crush the vastironinterestof Penn-
sylvania, Maryland, and New Jersey, for the benefit
of railroad companies; but a bill so unequal and un-
just should never pass, whilst he (Mr. B.) enter-
tained any hope of resisting it successfully.
I am glad (said Mr. B.) to perceive that I now
have the undivided attention of the Senate; and jf
they will continue to accord it to me for a few min-
utes, I think I can demonstrate, to their satisfaction,
that this bill ought never to become a law.
And, in the first place, I lay down the proposition
broadly, that the burdens of this government ought
to be borne, in equal proportion, by all the citizens
of the country. Specinl privileges are odious to a
republican people. Equality is the highest equity
and justice. To exempt one man, or class of men,
from taxes which you impose upon the rest of your
fellow-citizens, is to war against the very spirit and
genius of our government. In the eyes of the law,
all men ought to be equal. Now, what does this
bill propose? Whilst all other citizens of the coun-
try, under your general law, are compelled to pay a
duty of $25 per ton on the rolled iron which
they consume, this bill exempts railroad companies
from the payment of any duty whatever on the iron
rails employed by them in the construction of their
roads. I ask senators, whether friendly^ or hostile
to a tariff, if by their votes they can sanction such an
odious discrimination? But this is not all. What-
ever may be the amount of taxes released to these
companies under the present bill, the very same
amount must be raised to supply the deficiency thus
created in your treasury, by additional taxes upon
the hard earnings of the other citizens of the coun-
try. You thus render them tributary to these char-
tered monopolies. Such privileges, granted in
abridgment of common right, must, from their
very nature, be at the expense of the rest of the com-
jnunity,
Now, sir, I am no enemy to railroad companies.
Far, very far from it. On the contrary, I am their
friend. They have done much good to the coun-
try, and deserve the gratitude of the people. All I
desire is, that they shall stand upon the same foot-
ing with other highly meritorious interests, and not
arrogate to themselves special privileges. The ship-
builder, who constructs the vessel destined to carry
our productions.over the world, uses much iron in
this great national manufacture. Might he not, with
equal or greater propriety, ask exemption from du-
ty' on the iron which he thus employs? He might
say, "American vessels engaged in foreign trade
have to enter into competition, upon the ocean, with
tlie vessels of all other nations; and therefore it is
the policy of the government that they should be
built at as cheap a rate as possible. Relieve us,
then, from the duty. Railroad companies have
not to contend against any such competition; they
enjoy a monopoly of the domestic travel and trade;
and therefore the ship-builder ought to possess at
least equal, if not greater privileges." Our uncom-
plaining farmers, who pay their taxes without a
murmur, might with equal justice ask an exemption
from duties on the iron used in their ploughs and
other agricultural implements. But neither the
ship-builder, the farmer, nor the mechanic, has ever
thought of asking .such privileges from Congress.
Such a demand could only have been made by cor-
porations. •
And what, sir, is the chief and prominent reason
whiph these railroad companies present for asking
this exemption from duty? They most earnestly
insist, because such companies had enjoyed this priv-
ilege for eleven years, previous to March, 1843, that
therefore they ought to continue in its enjoyment.
By this argument, an exclusive privilege, once
granted, can never be arrested, and becomes perpetu-
al. No matter what may be the abuse, it must con-
tinue forever.
But here let us briefly review our past legislation
upon this subject.
In May, 1830, the duty on railroad iron was re-
duced to 25 per cent, ad valorem; and by the act of
the 14th July, 1832, it was abolished altogether in
favor of States and incorporated companies, pro-
vided the iron should be laid down upon their roads
within three years after its importation. Thus stood
the law until the passage of the act of 11th Septem-
ber, 1841, which imposed a duty of 20 per cent, ad
valorem on railroad iron; but provided that the act
should not affect such iron if imported and laid
down prior to the 3d March, 1843, "on any rail
or inclined planes of which the construction has
been already commenced, and which shall be neces-
sary to complete the same. Thus, sir, you will
perceive that when Congress determined that rail-
road companies ought no longer to enjoy a privilege
denied to all other classes of the community, we
were yet still so indulgent as to continue this priv-
ilege during a period of eighteen months; and with
this, in all ^conscience, they ought to have
been satisfied.® When, during the progress of that
bill, on the 30th August, 1841, I moved to subject
all railroad iron imported after its passage, to the
payment of duty, this motion was earnestly and
ably resisted by the senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Berries.] We then had an informal understand-
ing on the subject, which the Senate sanctioned; and
the 3d day of March, 1843, was fixed as the last
day on which this iron should be imported free of
duty. I then' hoped that the question was finally
settled; but my hopes were vain.
Whilst the tariff of 1842 was before the Senate,
another effort was made - by the senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Berrien] to extend the time, during a pe-
riod of three years, for the importation of iron free
of duty; but after debate, his proposition was nega-
tived by a majority of more than two to one; and
thus the 3d March, 1843, was again established as
the last day on which this iron should be imported
free of duty. Nothing discouraged, however,
these companies, at the very next session of Con-
gress, renewed their application, and succeded in
obtaining a report in their favor, from the Com-
mittee on Finance. That committee, by their
chairman, [Mr. Evans,] on the 3d February, 1843,
reported a bill (which was never acted upon) for the
remission of duties on railroad iron. This bill
was modest in its demands, compared with the bill
now before us. It did not propose to remit the du-
ties on any railroad iron imported since the 3d
March, 1843—and in this respect it confirmed the
I two previous decisions of the Senate—but it merely
| extended to these companies the privilege of laying
down their iron, which had been-imported previous
to that date, until the 1st December, 1844: and if
this were done, it relieved them frpm the duties.
Besides, it wa!s confined to railroads which had
been commenced previous tq September, 1841, and
to the iron necessary for their completion. •
That bill contained one most important provision
for the security of the public treasury, which has
been entirely omitted, from the present bill. We all
know the enormous prices 'Which have been de-
manded by these companies for transporting the
mail. In this respect they are perfect monopolies.
The Postmaster General must accede to their
terms. He has no , other alternative 'but that, pf
returning to' mail stages, which would not be en-
dured by the public. The bill of 1843, therefore,
most wisely provided against this extortion. Un-
der it, the companies receiving its benefits, if they
could not agree with tile Postmaster General upon
the compensation for carrying the mail, were bound
to refer the question to arbitration. I ask the Sena-
tor from Maine, why, in the present bill, he has
abandoned this excellent regulation? Surely our
experience ought to have taught us that such a
provision is indispensably necessary to prevent ex-
tortion.
Disregarding the two solemn decisions of the
Senate, to which I have referred, the present
bill, as reported, granted to" these , companies
the privilege of importing railroad iron free of duty,
during the period of five years from its passage; and
after this period, three years longer were allowed to
lay down the iron thus imported. It embraced all
railroads, whether old or new; and even those
which had already once, enjoyed this privilege,
might enjoy it a second time. It is true that
the Senator from Maine has since amended the
bill so as to limit the privilege of importation to
two, instead of five years; but, it still allows
three years, after the two years shall have expired,
to lay down the rails. And again, it has been so
amended by him, that a railroad company desiring
to enjoy the privilege for a second time of importing
their iron free of duty, must pay into the treasury,
upon the old iron removed from their road, the duty
paid by law on old or scrap iro.n. This duty is §10
per ton, while the duty on railroad iron, under the.
act of 1842, is §25. Thus, these companies, under
the amended bill, would derive a benefit of $15 per
ton on their hew rails, after having imported the old
ones free from duty altogether.
And what amount of duties, sir, do you suppose
we have remitted on railroad iron between the first
day of January, 1832, and the first day of March,
1843? According to the official documents now be-
fore me, the aggregate sum is £5,989,991 94—in
round numbers, say six millions of dollars; which
amount has been necessarily supplied by taxes on
the rest of the community. The farmer, the ship-
builder, and the mechanic, have not only paid the
duty on their iron, from which railroad companies
have been exempted, but they have been compejled,
by the payment of increased taxes on other articles
of consumption, to make up the deficiency in the
treasury thus created.
Suppose we hod been asked to appropriate half a
million a year, for eleven years, out of the public
treasury, to the construction of railroads: how many
votes would such a proposition have received? And
yet several of the senators who deny the constitu-
tional power to make appropriations to internal im-
provements, are the most ardent friends of the pres-
ent bill." I ask, what is the difference, either in fact
or in principle, between relieving these companies
from the payment of this amount of duties in the
first instance, and appropriating the same amount
for their use after it has been received? For my
own part, if I were compelled to choose between
the two alternatives, I should greatly prefer a direc t
appropriation out of the treasury. The world
would then know what we had given; and the man-
ufacturing interests of the country would not be in-
jured by our donation.
These companies, so far from being satisfied with
the past munifience of the government towards
them, rely upon this as the foundation on which to
rest their hopes of obtaining more. They are never
discouraged by defeat. They always return to the
charge, increasing their demands on each successive
application to Congress. I confess that I dread their
combined power and influence. There are now fif-
teen of these powerful companies before Congress,
asking for a remission of the duties on railroad iron.
Their roads are ramified throughout a large extent
of the Union, and the stockholders are men of in-
