June, 18M.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGftfiSSfGNAL OMR.
. 28th Cong.....1st Sess
Railroad Iron—-Mr. Buchanan.
Stehate.
fluence and character. The North, the South, the
East and the West are thus combined in an effort to
repeal the tariff of 1842, so far as the great manu-
facturing interest of Pennsylvania is concerned; and
it is extremely doubtful whether we can make a suc-
cessful resistance. They urge that as all the rail-
road companies then in existence had enjoyed an
exemption from duty for eleven years, equal justice
requires that the same exemption should be extend-
ed to those which have since come into existence
and have not enjoyed the same benefits:. Should
this principle prevail, the privilege can never end.
Indeed, the argument would, become stronger, and
stronger, as the number of companies increase to
which you might extend the privilege; until at last
it would be irresistible. In full view of all the con-
siderations belonging to the subject, Congress, in
September, 1841, determined that no railroad iron
should be imported free of duty after the 3d March,
1843; and this determination was afterwards con-
firmed by the tariff ac t of August, 1842. They thus
gave all concerned fair notice that, during the period
of eighteen months, they might make as heavy free
importations as they pleased; but that after" this
such importations should cease. These companies
doubtless availed themselves of this extension of
their license; and then they ought to have been con-
tent. If you will now reverse the two solemn deci-
sions which have been already made, andgrant them
two .more years from the passage of the present bill
to make free importations, and at the end of this pe-
riod three years longer to lay down their rails, you
can "never afterwards impose any limit on your-
selves. So many companies will then have enjoyed
the privilege, that you will scarcely be able to deny
it to those who may come after.
In the face of all these facts, none but incorpo-
rated companies would have still, persisted. in de-
manding this exemption from the common burdens
borne by the rest of' the community. These com-
panies, now banded together to accomplish a com-
mon object, and confident'in their own power, seem
determined to extort this privilege from Congress.
They will persist, as they have already persisted,
from year to year, in urging their claim with the
same ardor as if they really believed themselves en-,
tilled to stand above the rest of the community. If
you defeat them at this session, they will be here
in greater force than ever at the commencement of
the next. Their importunity will never cease whilst
the least Hope of success shall remain; and we have
learned from our experience that they have both the
ability and the will to select shrewd and skilful
agents to accomplish their purposes before Con-
Thus, sir, I think I have demonstrated that even
if the duty on railroad iron were a mere revenue
duty—even if not a pound of the article had ever
been or could be manufactured in the United States,
equal justice requires that it should pay the same
rate of duty with other iron. 1 shall proceed now to
consider the question as connected with the great
protective policy of the country.
It will be admitted by all that if there be any arti-
cle which deserves incidental protection, this article i3
iron, it is necessary to our defence in war, and to
our independence in peace. Nature, with a bounti-
ful hand, has spread the ore over many States of
the Union, and, by its side, in several localities, has
placed anthracite and bituminous coal in the greatest
abundance: as if to tempt man to engage in the man-
ufacture. Wherever iron works exist, they create
a great demand both for labor and agricultural pro-
ductions. Without entering upon the argument at
length, surely none will deny that the vast capital
already employed in these establishments ought to
be preserved from destruction; and that they ought
not to be suffered to sink under the weight of foreign
competition. Such has long been the policy of the
government. Even under the act of 1816, which
all parties have approved, rolled iron was subjected
to a duty of $30 per ton—five dollars higher than
the present duty.
But it has been asserted by the senator from
Maine, that railroad iron has not been, and cannot
be, manufactured in the United States, even at the
present prices, with the duty included; and, there-
fore, that to admit it free of duty will not injure the
iron manufacturers. But] why has not this iron been
manufactured in our country? Is it for want of
capital, skill, or enterprise? Surely this will not be
contended. There is no mystery in the manufac-
ture of railroad iron. It is a very simple process.
We are informed by Mr. Oakley, of the New Jer-
sey Iron company, that "there is no difficulty in
making railway iron, much less than in making
many other kinds that have long been produced in
this country." All that i have ever read or heard
upon the subject, corroborates the truth of this as-
sertion. Why, then, has it not been manufactured?
Simply, because, during the period of more than
eleven years previous to,the 3d March, 1843, it was
imported free of duty; and ever since the passage of
the act of September, 1841, there has been one con-
tinued struggle by the railroad companies, again to
make it a free article. All will admit that so long as
it was imported free of duty from England, it could
not be. manufactured in this country. But the sena-
tor from Maine asks why has it not been manufac-
tured since the present duty was imposed? I an-
swer, simply because there is no security that it
will not speedily again be made a free article. Let
the railroad companies cease from agitating this
question; let them quietly submit to the "existing
tariff; let it once ,be established that railroad iron
shall pay "the same rate of duties with other rolled
iron; and we shall soon have an abundant sup-
ply of the domestic article. This conclusively ap-
pears from the letter of- the committee "appoint-
ed at a meeting of the iron and coal trade in
Philadelphia," to the senator from Maine himself.
Mr. Earp, the president of the Lehigh Crane
Iron company, declares "that, under the existing
tariff, rail way iron can be produced in this
country at the present rate of import, (say fifty-five
dollars pe^ ton.) We have no hesitation in saying
that, with a satisfactory assurance of a continuance
of the present duty, that article would, in a short
time, be extensively made in this "country; and,
with such assurance, we are prepared at once to put up
a rolling mill and make contracts for the T or edge
rail at the price above stated." Mr. Oakley, of the
New Jersey Iron Company, makes a similar state-
ment, but says it can be furnished in large quanti-
ties for less than $55 per ton. This company, he
asserts, "would be glad to enter into contract with
responsible parties if the quantity required should
be sufficient to justify the outlay and preparation, at
much less than the above price. An offer of ^50
per ton would be entertained. I have no doubt that,
should the present duty be continued, it will be
furnished in less than five years by our own manu-
fucturers for §40 per ton." Mr. Oakley also in-
forms us that this company "have already procured
all the drawings and other information necessary to
the erection of the most perfect machinery for
.making railway iron; and when it shall be ascer-
tained that the present Congress will-not reduce the
duty, we intend to prepare such machinery." We
further learn from the senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Merrick,] that the Mount Savage Iron Works,
in his State, are now actually engaged in the manu-
facture of railroad iron, and are ready and willing
to make contracts with railroad companies for its
sale and delivery. And here I might advert to the
fact, thatrailroad iron was manufactured some years
ago at the Great Western Iron Works, on the Alle-
ghany river, in Pennsylvania. Governor Morrow,
of Ohio, informed me that he had purchased three
hnndred tdns of such iron from these works, at
fifty dollars per ton, (according to my recollection,)
for a railroad company of which he was the presi-
dent, and expressed himself entirely satisfied with
the quality of the article.
But I admit that the senator from Maine, so long
as he sha'l urge the repeal of the existing duties on
railroad iron, will most probably preserve for him-
self the argument that little, if any, such iron is man-
ufactured in the country. Who would change his
pursuits, divert his capital from other objects, and
expend large sums in preparing to manufacture rail-
road iron, whilst the very friends of the tariff are in-
cessantly struggling to repeal the present d uty.' Per-
manence and certainty in your system are necessary
to attract both capital and confidence; and while it
remains doubtful whether these railroad companies
shall not triumph over the tariff policy, there will be
no large investment of capital in the business.
Thus it is clear, that if railroad iron has not been ex-
tensively manufactured in this county, it is solely be-
cause it has not heretofoie received that incidental
protection which other rolled iron has enjoyed. It
is a little too much for human patience to be inform-
ed by the railroad companies that we have not man-
ufactured, and eannot manufacture railroad iron,
when the special privilege which they themselves
had enjoyed for eleven years, and their perpetual
struggles ever since to obtain its restsration, are the
only causes why this branch of manufactures is not
now in as flourishing a condition as any other.
I confess, sir, that I have a little American feeling
on this subject. As an American citizen, I cannot
brook the idea that we shall be dependent upon
Great Britain for the very materials necessary to
construct the roads on which we travel. Surely
American railroads ought to be constructed of Amer-
ican iron , when this effect can,.as it will' be, pro-
duced, by imposing the same duty on railroad iron
as on all other iron of a similar character.
The senator from Maine contends that the con-
struction of' railroads is a most important and use-
ful domestic irianufacture, and ought to be encour-
aged. No man will deny the truth of this propo-
sition. But in what manner encouraged? At the
expense of the tariff policy? He certainly will not
say so. Iron is the raw material used in the con-
struction of these roads', as wool is the raw material
employed in the, manufacture of woollen cloth. You
may contend, with equal propriety, that wool ought
to be admitted free of duty, notwithstanding it
might prejudice our wool growers, as that railroad
iron should be thus admitted to the injury of our
iron manufacturers. The truth is, that this ques-
tion involves the whole -principle of protection.
The system must stand or fall together; and you
must equally protect the raw material, if it be a do-
mestic production, and the manufactured article, or
you will excite an intense war among the friends of
the tariff, which must soon destroy it altogether.
You cannot excludc iron from its operation without
dealing it a deadly blow.
The senator has informed us that the British man-
ufacturers have derived great benefits from the hot-
blast, and that they now have on hand "one full
year's supply for all the railroads in the worldj"
which they can furnish at a reduced price. Admit-
ting this to be the fact: what does it prove? Why,
sir, this is the very mode- by which they -have al-
ways attempted to crush American manufactures,
and this has furnished a principal argument jn favor
of incidental protection. The English sell all they
can to other foreign nations, and then send the put-
plus to us to glut our markets, and ruin our manu-
factures. This fact, instead of benefiting the sena-
tor, furnishes a strong argument against repealing
the existing duty.
But will the continuance of the present duty exer-
cise any perceptible influence in preventing the con-
struction of railroads;? I humbly apprehend not,
even upon the senator's own showing. According
to his estimate, the whole amount of duty under the
present law, on the lails necessary for one mile of
such a road, is $2,250. This is so small a sum in
proportion to the entire cost of the road, that it will
deter no company in the country from prosecuting
their work.
In conclusion, I desire to call your attention to
one important consideration. The present railroad
companies rest their claim chiefly upon the argu-
ment that tliey are entitled to the same privileges
which the older companies have already enjoyed.
But even after the present companies shall have
paid the duties under the existing law, they will
obtain their iron at as cheap a rate as the older com-
panies, who imported it free of duty. This im-
portant admission has been made on the first page of
the letter from the President of the Boston and
Pitchburg Railway company, to^ the senator from
Maine. By a reference to the prices current of this
article in Wales, for a number of years past, it will
be seen that up till near the time when we im-
posed a duty on railroad iron in September, 1841,
the price varied from fifty-five to sixty dollars per
ton. Since that time the price has fallen to $24 per
ton, at which the Fitchburg company purchased their
rail3. Thus it appears that this company, which is
one of the most earnest and persevering petitioners
before Congress, will pay but $49 per ton, including
the duty; whereas, if they had purchased their iron
m 1840, it would have cost them, without the duty,
nearly sixty dollars per ton. They have been ben-
efited in more respects than one, not injured by the
delay. Great improvements have been made in the
construction of railways, and their cost has been
much reduced since the earlier companies have com-
pleted their roads. Of all these advantages, the
works at present in progress will avail themselves.
By the last advices from England, as we are in-
formed by the senator from New Jersey, fMr.
Miller,] the price of railroad iron has risen to
£5 ]0s, or $32 per ton; and surely none will deny
that it can now be manufactured in this county at a
cheaper rate than this price with the present duty
added.
There is one remarkable fact connected with this
