•462
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
!.foiie,-'1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Jamagin.
Senate.
subject \irell worthy of serious consideration. Whilst
-railroad iron came to us free of duty, the price re-
gained high in Great Britain. In January, 1840,
its cost in Wales was <£11 15s. sterling, or $58 per
ten. In May, 1842, after a duty of 20 per cent, had
been imposed, it sunk to £1 sterling, or $35 per ton;
and in August, 1843, one year after the duty of
$25 per ton had been imposed, it reached it lowest
price of $24 per ton,, at which the Fitchburg com-
pany purchased. Do not these facts furnish a strong
argument against the repeal of the present duty?
Make the article once more duty free—in this man-
■ ner afford the. British manufacturers a security that
they shall enjoy the exclusive possession of our
market—and will they not again raise the price to
$58 per ton, the standard of 1840? Our railroad
companies would then be compelled to pay a higher
price for the article than they do at present; whilst
the treasury would lose the whole amount of the du-
ties.- We have been informed that the great iron
masters of England act in concert, and control prices
at their quarterly meetings; "and so absolute is this
control, that every manufacturer must be governed
by it, and is compelled to blow out his furnace," if
lnecessary, to prevent an over-production. These
facts §o far to establish the principle which all our
experience sanctions, that increased duties fall, in a
great degree, upon the foreign producer, rather than
the domestic consumer.
Then, sir, whether we desire to impose fair and
equal taxes upon all classes of our fellow-citizens, or
to preserve the policy of incidental protection unim-
paired, we ought to negative this bill, and thus do
justice both to the public treasury and the great iron
interest of the country. I confess that I feel a deep
solicitude in its fate, as it would seem to have been
chiefly aimed at the great staple manufacture of
Pennsylvania.
NOTE.
. The bill was then, on the 11th June, 1844, negatived, by a
vote of 30 to 16; but, immediately thereafter, a motion was
made to reconsider the vote, which prevailed, by a vote of
19 to 16, on the 14th June, in consequence of suggestions
made by Mr. Berrien and Mr. F.vans that they would move
amendments to the bill which would render it more accept-
able. Mr. Berrien then moved an amendment, the effect of
■which was to limit the free importation of railroad iron to
such iron as had been already imported, or should be on
board ship for importation before the passage of the act.
This proposition was resisted by Mr Buchanan and others,
upon the principle that, if the duties should be remitted on
railroad iron imported since the 3d March, 1843, and if the
solemn and repeated decisions of Congress, fixing this as
the last day for such free importations, should be reversed,
then there could be no security hereafter for the iron inter-
est of the country. The door, once opened, could not be
closed.
"Mi. Allen said he perceived that there was no end to this
business of corporation avarice, upon which the whole le-
gislation of Congress was to be thrown away, to the utter
neglect of the business of the country. To get rid of these
mercenary corporation contests, he moved to lay the whole
subject on the table, and called for the yeas and nays;" but
hi3 motion was negatived, by a vote of 21 to 22. Finally,
after a long debate, and repeated motions, late at night, on
the 14th June, 1844, Mr. Allen moved that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed to the firet Monday in
December next; and it was determined in the affirmative, by
a vote of yeas 21, nays 20.
Those who voted in the affirmative are-
Messrs. Allen, Atherton, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Benton,
Puchanan, Choatc, Dayton, Fairfield, Haywood, Hunting-
ton, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Pearce, Sturgeon,
Tappan, \Valker, Woodbury.
Those who voted in the negative are—
Messrs. Archer, Bagby, Berrien, Colquitt, F.vans, Fulton,
Hannegan, Henderson, Huger, Jarnagin. Lewis, McDuffie,
Phelps, Porter, Sevier, Simmons, Tallmadge, White, Wood-
bridge, Wright
IN EXECUTIVE SESSION.
SPEECH OF MR. JARNAGIN,
OF TENNESSEE,
In Senate, June 6, 1844.—On the treaty for the annexation of
Texas.
The treaty annexing Texas to the United States, and also
the resolutions offered by the senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Bentoh,] on that subject, being under consideration-
Mr. JARNAGIN said: I will ask the indulgence of the
Senate while I submit the reasons which ha\e determined
me to vote, against the treaty now usder discussion. Upon
this subject, the first question to us, beyond all doubt, m
magnitude as in sacredncs, is the constitutionality of the
act proposed to he done under the authority of the treaty-
making power. For, after all, the rules ot mere national
.law are often violated with impunity for the sake of policy,
personal interest, and national aggrandizement. Ve did
not establish that code: it'is, in many points, unsettled;
in others, we have refused to conform to it: but we ere in-
extricably bound, by direct faith, to the principles we have
deliberately set up for our guides at home and abroad By
common avowal, no temporary good, however desirable in
itself, can compensate a direct violation of the constitution;
for the latter extends over the whx>le future, and breaks '
down every security to us as a people.
The constitution has gven, and could give, no such au-
thority as that now assumed by the treaty-making power.
It is a strictly extra and ultra-constitutional one; lor a con-
stitution is an agreement between the parties to it. If it is
that of a single society, then the parties are the body of its
citizens. If it is a compact between several societies, form-.
ing by it a federative league, it is these separately who
make the parties to it. In either case,-to introduce or ex-
clude a member cannot be within tlie scope of the compact;
because it would vary the parties, and so terminate the
agreement. The terms of the instrument itself could in no
manner bestow a power contrary to this condition, inherent
in the contract itself, and incapable of being excluded from
it. Legally to alter these, the special assent of each party
must precede the act. If done arbitrarily, without that as-
sent, the act, though void in itseif, may be rendered subse-
quently valid by the-direct consent or the acquiescence of
the original parties, who would thus, with the new member,
form a new league, upon the terms of the old; but, this
done, it would be precisely as before. The fact just
accomplished would only reinstate the same indefeasible
conditions between new paitics. It would bestow, no
matter how often repeated, no pou er among the parties to
act otherwise, as to a new change of those parties, than by
the special assent of each to that change, to be given by the
people themselves, according to the form th'ey may pre-
scribe. No act of this sort could, therefore, confer a power,
or constitute a precedent. This i-s the true answer to the
alleged precedent of our acquisition of Louisiana and Flori-
da, which are now properly a part of the United States, upon
the principles just declared.
But even upon less comprehensive grounds, these two
facts confer no authority. Mr. Jefferson, the author, (it
may be said,) because the originator of both, avowed the
one which he himself accomplished, to be imequivocally'be-
yond the powers of this government by treaty, and urged
that, to make it valid, the nation should ratify it by a con-
stitutional act, thereby getting the consent of the people,
and not alone that of the President and Senate He ob-
viously proposed, however, only a special confirmation, not
the embodiment of any general provision, or future rule or
precedent, for the treaty-making power. Those acts, then,
were done in contemplation of a constitutional ratification,
held by the author himself necessary to legalize them; and
that ratification has been neglected, if, then, resorted to
as precedents, it is directly in the face of his authority, as
they never were rendered constitutional, as he thought they
would have to be rendered, but became valid by acquies-
cence. Besides, he wished to make of them special cases,
legitimatized by a subsequent consent, to cure a past
Wrong, not to cave a luture or further authority. The act
thus avowed by its very authors unconstitutional, and
held ever since by the world to be so, is surety the very
last thai tan be erected into a constitutional precedent, and
cannot be urged with propriety by those who now attempt
to avail themselves of it; lor we have in our history many
cases of acts done as constitutional, to which, as prece-
dents, all authority is denied by them, and yet they here at-
tempt to make a decisive precedent of that which no man
ever took to be constitutional at all.
The force of these reasons, even ss stated in a far less con-
clusive form, is confessed by the many evasive methods
taken to avoid them—this juggling of calling; it "r^annexa-
tion," or that of pleading a political necessity, purely fic-
titious, or some pretended engagement contracted, or right
obtained by our having recognised the independence of
Texas, or the sleight-of*haad trick of bringing her in as
a territory, not a State, by one branch of the govern-
ment alone. These grounds convey Jiot only no
slight avowal of the absence of any solid form of
doing the thing but by a resort to the people of their repre-
sentatives, but are subversive of ail constitutional restraint,
call in for their instruments all sorts of violations of domes-
tic and foreign obligations, remit for the purpose unbounded
powers to the executive; and are in many particulars direct-,
ly in conflict with each other, or with the motives or excuses
alleged in behalf of other points in this scheme. We will
examine them in their order.
The tern. ifre-annexation" is meantto convey the idea that
wc have, some how or other, a subsisting right to the coun-
try of Texas; so that, not being a foreign one, it can be
legally incorporated in our government. It is easy to see
that, to the full extent to which this supplies a cure for any
constitutional difficulty, it is fatal to other capital pretences
set up or acts done. It utterly overthrows our own allega-
tion that Texas is independent and capable of being a party
to a treaty: it is in direct conflict with all the terms and ob-
jects of that instrument: it renders ridiculous our avowals
to Mexico,-and especially our final measure of buying her
out: and as to our complaints of England and her intermed-
dling, it points conclusively to what should have been our
course—to let the British government know that one of its
public agents was making mischiel, under pretence of aroy-
al commission, in our territory, and that we received diplo-
matic personages here, and not in Texas. It is worse still as
to Mexico. With her we acknowledge ourselves, m every
way, to be strictly at peace: we keep envojs at hercapital:
we allege no subsisting wrongs, for she amicably and honor-
ably meets and settles all complaints: in fine, whatever may-
be said against her cruelties and barbarism, we cannot with-
hold the admission that her national conduct toward* u« is
most friendly, excmplarv, full of faith And yet, all tlm while,
according to the argument, Mexico is carrying on an open
war with some of our territories! She has invaded us rc-
peatedlv; nay, complained seriously of our letting our citi-
zens go" into Texas to defend our soil, w hile we, with a com-
plaisance that the world never saw equalled befoie, have
pleaded that we knew it was so, but that the government re-
ally tried to hinder it; that we knew it was wrong, but that
our people were very unmanageable, and that, though we
tried hard, we really could not stop theni! But the most
singular business oi all is, that, for a good while, we have
really kept a charge d'affaires in our own territory, just as if
it was a foreign government! If we ever did have any right
to Texas it must be confessed to be of a tenacity of life to
which that of cats and turtles and joint-snakes is nothing:
a polypus that you only multiply by cutting it all to "bits, is
perishable in comparison. This right is as hard to be rid of
as that ghost of which Macbeth so reasonably complains,
which, ','wath twenty mortal murders on its crown,"yould'nt
stay dead, but returned to push people from their 'stools.
But let usf foramoment, calmly examine this supposed right,
-which, it is said, we once had to Texas, by cession from
France.
It may be premised, that what has-never been reduced to
possession, nor adjudged to you by la^, is to b£ spoken of
as a claim, not a right. A right is a perfectedclaim.' There
has, in this case, been just one hundred and fifty-fQur years
of counter-possession. Neither we nor France, (ia whose
place we stand,) ever has had a moment's .possession since
1686. In 1819, we abandoned by treaty even our claim, for
an equivalent, which we now hold in Florida. In 1832, we
reconfirmed to Mexico, by treaty, all that we had thus yield-
ed. In 1S37, we solemnly declared that, so far as we were
concerned, Texas was independent. In 384-1,-we marked
out, by treat}*, the lines ,between us, defining where our pos-
session ended and hers began. At present, even under this
claim, our troops are ordered, avowedly, not to pass out of
our soil across the Sabine. And to Mexico herself, while
, so unscrupulously plundering-her of what she says are her
rights, among many pretences, we have not even the face to
set up to set up this one, but say that we are acquiring, or
mean to acquire, a right to Texas herself, as an independent
nation.
If, the > the word reannexation is to be used for-justify-
ing what is to be done, it is fatal to all the steps taken for
the purpose of doing it. If we yet have such a right to
Texas as former treaties could not destroy, what have new
treaties to do with it, or how can treaties restore what
treaties could not take away ? If it is ours, no more is to
be said about it. If ours, how can \v e treat with its posses-
sors as an independent power? If ours, what is President
Houston but a mock-magistrate, and his Congress but men
of straw? If ours, why offer Mexico repeated equivalents
for it? Why now offer more than we ever offered before''
To her we are tendering what is estimated at five or-six
millions; and we contract to settle at least ten, perhaps
twonty, with Texas herself. All this being for what is al-
ready ours, by the law" of the land and of nations ! If this
be not so, there is no force in the word of reannexation,
and it is used deceptively.
But how came we by this indisputable right"? Let us see.
It came by cession from France. She passed to us by it, in
1803, absolutely, all that she had in possession—that is, her
positive rights, already made good up to the Sabine, or
nearly; and, in addition, she passed to us a claim against
like rights still longer made good by Spain, of which she
was equally in uninterrupted possession. The first of these
powers had, between 1712 and 1717, under claim of discov-
ery in 1683, occupied and settled Louisiana, of which it
never afterwards, by possession, extended the confines be-
yond the Mermento, nearly the Sabine. Nothing can be
more indisputable than this. The second power occupied
Texas in 1690, erected it into a.regular province in 1693,
and finally maintained uninterrupted possession, at all times,
up to the Sabine. What more need be said? If permanent
occupation confers at last a territorial right, and that of
France to Louisiana, as she held it to the Mermento, was
good, that of Spain to Texas, up to the same actual limit,
was better, because older. In a word, it was possession
alone thas made any reaHitle for either. All the rest was
much like the style but lately abandoned by the English
monarchs, which included, as apart of their dominions,
France, where they had not had a foot of land for centuries;
or, like their keeping the title of "defenders of the faith,'1
bestowed by the Pope, long afterthey had turned Protest-
ants.
It is to be remembered that it was not only France that
claimed Texas to the Rio Grande, but Spain that claimed
Louisiana as a part of Florida. The one went back to dis-
covery from 1677 to 1685, the other to discovery from 1512
to lo42. Now, all must grant that mere discovery must
yield, as a right, to regular, continued, uninterrupted pos-
session. Discovery gives only the first imperfect claim. If
not speedily followed by regular occupation, that claim may
be superseded by another nation, which takes and keeps
regular possession, the only thing which can perfect ter-
ritorial right.
These are grounds which it would be perfectly idle to
dispute. But if, from these, we choose to go back to the
only ones which can be set up as of prior validity, then it is
upon the mere fact of discovery, accompanied with certain
formalities oftaking possession, but not a real national set-
tlement, that our claim through France must be set up; and
if this is to be the test, and not possession, we must not on-
ly fail to make good our title to Texas, but must lose that to
Louisiana'; for the Spanish discovery of both is full one hun-
dred and thirty-five years older than the French.
It is perfectly incontestable that Ponce de Leon discovered
and took possession of Florida in 1512; that Hernando de So-
to penetrated from it to the Mississippi, about the mouth of
the Arkansas, with near five hundred men, in 1538; that
Alonzo de Soto made his way from that point to the mouth
of the Mississippi in 1.541; that his force coasted back to
Mexico, discovering the intermediate region in 1542.
On the French part, what can opposed to this? That
in 1677, La Salle came down the Mississippi to the Arkan-
sas; that in a second expedition, in 1683, he descended the
Mississippi to its mouth; and that in a third expedition,
(sailing now from France, as the others came from Canada,)
he landed in the bay of Espiritu Santo or San Bernardo,
and there built and held a small fort, from February, 1686,
to January,.1687; but abandoned it then, and was driven
off, since which time, the French right, if ever such at all,
became but a claim founded on these facts, and maintained
or urged only in the idle form of diplomatic skirmishes of
words against thy clear, definite, undisturbed possession
by Spain, from La Salle's time up to the actual border of
Louisiana, .as at last settled unequivocally in practice, in
fact, in the jurisdiction exorcised by the nations respect-
ively up to |the Mermento. Then, whatever the old self-
love of either might say, in the gasconade of claim or
counter-claim, the two nations, the two tongues, met: and
this lastfact alone, were everything else silent, would be
enough to overthrow the entire allegations of the French.
For if as I have shown, this v, as a question of priority, of
regular occupation, of planting and colonizing, what proof
is so strong, or what monument -so lasting, as that which
