668
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to any such thing. If the senator from Mississippi
will withdraw the yeas and nays, he can call the
resolutions up to-morrow, and have the yeas and
on that motion.
Mr. WALKER said he would do so, if senators
would agree to call the resolutions up to-morrow.
Mr. DAYTON said he, for one, would vote
against taking them up.
Mr. McDUFFIE inquired of the Chair whether,
under the rule, the resolutions did not lie on the
table, and would come up, as a matter of course,
to-morrow.
The CHAIR said the resolutions would have laid
over one day under the rule, but they had been enter-
tained by general consent. However, they could lie
over, -under the rule, if the yeas and nays were with-
drawn.
Mr. WALKER withdrew the call for the yeas
and nays, and the resolutions, therefore, lie over till
to-morrow.
Mr. BEATON gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, ask leave to withdraw a joint resolution for
the amendment of the constitution of the United
States, in relation to the election of President and
Vice President.
Mr. MERRICK presented a petition from the
assistant messengers in the Post Office Department,
asking for an increase of compensation: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back, with an amendment, the bill entitled
"An act for the relief of Lucinda Geesey, widow of
Valentine Geesey, deceased.
On motion of Mr. AVRIGHT, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the above bill
was considered as in committee of the whole, and
the amendment agreed to. It was then reported to
the Senate, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, without amendment,
the House'bill for the relief of the heirs ofEbenezer
Moore, and with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill from the House entitled an act to direct
the President of the United States to expose to sale
the reserved lead mines of the United States in the
State of Illinois and Territories of Wisconsin and
IS!?'.™®® reali twice> and, on motion bv Mr.
WOODBRIDGE, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The joint resolution explanatory of the act ma-
king appropriation for the relief of revolutionary and
other pensioners of the United States for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1845, was read the third
time, and passed. *
The bill making appropriation for the payment of
certain arrearages of annuities to the Stockbridge
™ tf/ndjans was read the third time, and passed,
lhe bill for the relief of Walter S. Alexander and
others, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed, and the bill to
lecognise the sale ot lands in Louisiana in certain
cases, and for other purposes, was taken up as in
committee of the whole, on certain amendments re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands. The
amendments having been agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate.
Mr. WHITE opposed that part of the bill giving
an mciease of salary in the land offices in the dis-
trict named. He was opposed to giving the land
officer in that district a greater salary than was
given to land officers in other States.
Mr. JOHNSON said the bill did not, in fact in-
crease the salary of the land officer in the New Or-
leans district. His salary now, including the dollar
he receives for the issuing of each patent, was
about $1,000 per annum. The bill, though it gave
an addition of $500 to hia salary, expressly pio-
vided that the officer shall not receive the SI on each
patent delivered, which amounted to about $500 per
annum. The increase of salary was intended to be
m lieu of that perquisite. It was necessary, how-
ever, that the salary of that officer should be higher
than was paid to like officers in the western Stales
where the expense of living was much less. All
the officers m New Orleans, the judges and other
office*s of the United fetates, in consequence of the
high price of the maikets and house rents &c re-
thTolfx,rerlaric3 than hke officc:s
Mr. BREESE said the salaries to the land officers
were uniform throughout the country. He was op-
posed to make any distinction between themTn
riwvof7;., f £erewas an
. fxlaiy of that officer, they would be plagued
session after session for an increase of the salaries of
the other land officers. He therefore moved to strike
out that provision of the bill.
The question was put, and it was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, which being done, it was subsequent-
ly read the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. HENDERSON, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the Senate
took up for consideration, as in committee of the
whole, the bill supplementary to the act authorizing
the Secretary of State to liquidate certain claims
therein mentioned, passed the 18th dav of April,
1814.
Mr. HAYWOOD opposed the bill, on the ground
that it transferred to another board the right to de-
cide upon the equity of the claim involved in the
bill. He argued that Congress was the most com-
petent body to decide upon it.
Messrs. WALKER and HENDERSON showed
that the bill was intended for the purpose of carry-
ing out the provisions of a previous law of Con-
gress. The previous bokrd decided upon all the
claims, amounting to some $700,000, except those
provided for in this bill, which were omitted for the
want of evidence. The evidence required had been
procured.
The question now being on the engrossment of
the bill,
Mr. HAYWOOD demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 19, nays 13.
The bill was accordingly engrossed; and subse-
quently read the third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the bill for the relief
of Seth M. Leavenworth was taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole, considered, reported to the Sen-
ate, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, with sundry amendments, the bill
from the House making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of government for the fis-
cal year ending 30th June, 1845. The amendments
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS gave notice that he would call up
this bill to-morrow.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back, without amendment, the
bill to grant a portion of the public lands to the State
of Illinois, to aid in the completion of the Illinois
and Michigan canal.
CHEROKEE CLAIMANTS.
The joint resolution for the relief of certain
claimants under the Cherokee treaty of 1836 was
taken up for consideration, as in committee on the
whole.
It provided that the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to pay, or cause to be paid, the several
sums found due to claimants under the Cherokee
treaty of 183G, upon the certificates issued, or that
may be issued, by the board of commissioners ap-
pointed in pursuance of the 17th article of the trea-
ty, out of the unexpended balance of appropriations
made for the payment of such claims, upon the
presentation of said certificates.
Mr. JARNAGIN explained that, in transporting
the Cheiokees west m 1835, certain charges were
incurred for their subsistence and conveyance, un-
der an agent for their emigration, who was autho-
rized to issue certificates to such of the Indians as
undertook to emigrate themselves. According to
an arrangement for this purpose, $20 was allowed
tor the transportation expenses of each, and $331
for subsistence on the loute; and when an Indian
applied for this allowance to the agent, if the latter
approved ofthe application, a certificate was given
to him entitling him to that amount on reaching
his destination at the western location of the nation
It so happened that numbers of those certificates re-
mained unpaid in consequence of some alleged dif-
ficulty of identification. He moved to amend the
resolution by adding a provision, that the Secretary
of the Treasury be ordered to pay those certificates
ofthe agent of emigration, (Mr. Nut Smith,) on sat-
isfactory evidence of the amount due on each and
on proof of the emigration of the Indian, to whom
delivered by the agent.
Mr. WHITE suggested an amendment to the
amendment, referring to the allowance specified in
the tn '■■■■ r
m'"' assentecl to th« modification.
Mr. HAYWOOD urged the senator from Ten-
nessee not to press his amendment. The resolution
itself simply called for the execution of the provis-
ions of the treaty by the commissioners appointed
for the purpose. There was no propriety in this
introduction of the business of the agent which the
executive officers of the government were compe-
tent to adjust. He was in favor of the resolution,
but not of the introduction of this new class of
claims.
Mr. WRIGHT, knowing very little of this mat-
ter, for information, inquired if these certificates
were issued in anticipation of the removal of such
Indians as they applied to. He supposed they cer-
tified that if the individual transported himself he
would be entitled to so much money for his ex-
penses of emigration.
Mr. JARNAGIN explained that such was the
case; and at some length he described the difficulties
which the Indians encountered on application for
the money.
Mr. WRIGHT now understood the matter. The
certificate was given to the Indian that if he trans-
ported himself he would be entitled to so much
money; but many of them did not emigrate, and
would there not be an opening for fraud if the cer-
tificates got into the hands of other persons than of
those for whom they were intended.
Mr. JARNAGIN explained that such a case
could not occur, as those going were enrolled and
the rolls transmitted with them.
Mr. WHltE said the treaty provided that those
capable of transporting themselves should, if ap-
proved by the agent, be entitled to do so; and the
rates of allowance for this purpose were fixed upon
as described. The Secretary of the Treasury, find-
ing the certificates in the hands of third parties, took
the ground that they were not negotiable, and did
not pay them.
Mr. HAYWOOD still hoped the senator from
Tennessee would not embarrass the resolution by
his amendment. It was in the power of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to settle these certificates upon
their own merits.
Mr. JARNAGIN said, as the impression was
that it would encumber the resolution, he would
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WHITE, in view of amendments he would
offer, made a general statement of the present condi-
tion of the fund.
By this statement, it appeared, that the original
appropriation under the Cherokee treaty was
$6,000,000, all of which had been disbursed, ex-
cept $227,000; and of this balance, $89,000 had
been awarded to claimants already by the board of
commissioners, from which, however, $16,000 was
suspended by the department. Against the re-
mainder of the $227,000, (about #130,000,) there
were claims yet to be adjusted, amounting to
$450,000. The object of his amendments would be,
not to pay the whole amount of the commissioners'
certificates; but one-third, deferring the remainder
till the final report of the commissioners was made,
stating the amount of claims awarded against the
undisposed balance of the fund.
Mr. HAYWOOD called the attention of the
Senate to the words of the seventeenth sec-
tion of the treaty of 1836: "All the claims
arising under, or provided for in the articles
of this treaty, shall be examined and adjusted by
commissioners, such as shall be appointed by the
President of the United States for that purpose; and
their decision shall be final; and on their certificates
of the amount due to the several claimants, they
shall be paid by the United States." Nothing, he .
conceived, could be more clear or conclusive than
this. The Senate had only to pass this resolution,
saying the certificates thus given in conformity with
the treaty shall be paid.
. Mr. BUCHANAN rose and asked for informa-
tion: what would be the last three days of the ses-
sion?
Mr. WOODBURY asked what was the pending
amendment?
The CHAIR, to the first question, answered that
u ' Saturddy  an(* Monday, would be the last
three days; and to the latter question, he answered
that the last amendment offered had been withdrawn.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked that it appeared to-
morrow would be the last day in which bills of the
Senate could be sent to the House. It was desirable
to economize time, and endeavor to get through the
calandar. He hoped the remaining time left for
that purpose would not be exhausted in useless de-
bate.
Mr. WHITE offered his first amendment, which
was to pay only 33^ per cent, of these certificates at
present.
