June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Jarnagin.
Senate.
the geography of both countries affords, in the names of all
the rivers and towns? On one side of the Sabine they are
nearly all French; on the other, all are Spanish except a
few, founded within the last twenty years. In„a word, you
have only to glance at a gazetteer or a map of either coun-
try, and to consider m what tongue are the names all over
its surface, in order perfectly, and beyond all argument to
learn, what was a Spanish territory, and what a French,
where Louisiana ended and where lexas began.
I enter not, therefore, and consider it totally useless to
enter into the. long chicanery of diplomatists on either part.
To what tales of travellers, to what geographers, to what
maps, to what former pretensions on either side they may
have referred, is certainly not of the slightest consequence.
What are these things worth against original settlement
and long established possession and jurisdiction? Could the
Spanish claim that Louisiana was included in their great
region of Florida, (bj- their old assumption, stretching back
to Texas,) shake the certainty, the legal authenticity of the
French rights on the Mississippi, when they had once been
suffered to establish themselves there without being dis-
possessed? It must be granted, beyond question, that the
first imperfect right there was in favor of the Spanish; but
that this was afterwards entirely lost by their failure to per-
fect it by settlement. In like manner, of course, of the
Spanish claim to Texas. This, had been perfected, and was,
besides, upon historical testimony, originally much the older
as to discovery. -
"What the quibbles of negotiators may be, about matters
the most-airy, we learn abundantly fromcases of our own,
either yet pending or -but latel) adjusted. From the,begin-
ningof our national existence down to 1842,-we had a boun-
dary question of this sort with Great Britain, of almost in-
definite extension. Yet here there "was a definition by treaty;
while there never had been any of these rival claims of
Spain and France, which, however, gradually settled them-
selves by opposite occupation. We have now pending
another question with Great Britain, almost equally old; for
we'found our claim and right to Oregon partly on discovery
in 1786 or 'ST. In all these cases, the adverse plenipoten-
tiaries never fail to assert, as perfectly unanswerable, every
pretension which their nation ever has or can set up.
On-each other, they may, or may not, make an impression.
From 1805 to 1819, Messrs. Madison, Monroe, and Adams,
made none on their Spanish adversaries. Nothing was won
of Great Britam, as to the north boundary, by a long
series of able ministers. From the year 1815, all oijr Secre-
taries of State and envoys have done-little to advance an
adjustment of our claim on the Pacific. Yet- both nations
are alike-pertinacious.in the persuasion of their rights; for
though, as I have said, they are" little like to satisfy each
other, -the negotiators must be very bad ones, indeed, if
they do not perfectly convince their re-spective nations. I
have known attorneys not to silence their adversaries or
persuade a judge, but I have never yet met the lawyer who
did not convince his client of the perfect justness oi his
claims.
What, then, need be said of it, if a popular confidence in
our original claim to Texas yet survives its long and its de-
liberate abandonment, in 1S19, by statesmen thoroughly
versed in the question, and entitled to the public reliance?
As envoys, or secretaries, Monroe and Adams maintained
ourtitle; but, alter negotiation, Monroe. Adams, Calhoun,
and Crawford, as responsible-agents of the nation, gave it
up. Are their pleadings, as advocates, to be opposed to their
own final judgment as public men? I maintain that, as to
mere authority, the decision of our negotiators themselves
(men of high ability, unquestionable patriotism, and much
better acquainted with the question than any of us) is enti-
tled to the highest weight; and that to oppose to it a floating
popular opinion of the day, though ill-informed, guided by
an ex parte argument only, and now sunk into a mere tradi-
tion of what at first was vague, would be utterly unworthy
of the good sense of our people, and still more unwoithj of
those setting up, as statesmen and civilians, wisely to guide
the people's judgment.
The public, wise as it is when it chooses to be so—highly
competent as all confess it, to decide, when it has oncc can-
vassed things without passion—is somewhat given to be im-
pulsive in its judgments, and not a little prone to look on
the purpose, or lancy of the day as having always sub-
Florida, now long since obtained, has ceased, of course, to
serve an important object. Yet that was once the darling
aim of our great national organ of acquisitiveness, upon
which the idea once sat enthioned, as the chief scope of all
policy. Even before the sudden and fortunate acquisition
of Louisiana, we had began to covet the land oi flowers
quite as warmly and with neaily as many visionary no-
tions, as we now long for the land of fruits. When w« had
once grown roasters of Louisiana, we proceeded, in 1810,
to help ourselves to a very pretty slice of Florida, which we
had expressly, in 1805, recognised to be Spain's, by an u/ier
to purchase it, unaccompanied with the smallest assertion
of any title on our part. In 1818, by a still bolderstroke of
that sort of diplomacy, which clutches what it wants, w hen
it can take it, we may be said to have struck at all the rest
of the peninsula It was, in a word, from 1S03 to- 1819, the
leading object of our territorial cupidity. To bar out, by
its possession, all foreign access within our shores; to close
the door against foreign emissaries alleged to stir up to war
the formidable Indian tribes that lay in easy communication
with it; to round out our realm, and abolish its interruption
at so dangerous a point; to exclude smuggling, that trans-
mitted and customary pretence set up for every acquisition
or encroachment, and now renewed evenby the very party
who can least be accused of any violent zeal for the preser-
vation of our revenue laws;—these, and the grasping a strong
maritime position, the fortress to us of the entire West In-
dia trade, and the sea-pass of all our great and rich young
empire, about to spring up on the Mississippi, were, in that
day, both to our statesmen and to the popular mind, the im-
perative motives for making it ours, at almost any cost
To Texas, on the other hand, no eye of desire had yet been
turned. Noii« of the transcendent advantages which it
now offers, none of the frightful dangers w hich now glare
upon us from every part of its soil, had then visioncd
themselves to the prophetic glance of the Secretary of
State, even during a four years' continuous negotiation,
(our second on the subject,) and even though, during three-
fourths of that contest, he had beenamember of the cabinet
which conducted it. Now, whatever may be said of any
other inducements of an airy sort, such as the imagination
of a poetic and fanciful politician'can always easily call up,
nay, and turn, with the assistance of.anohymous letters, (of
which the present oc.casion has furnished an abundant
crop,) idle speculations into certainties the most positive
and alarming—it is easy to see that all the physical and all
the permanent political benefits that would accrue to us from
reducing Texas to possession, were the same as now, and
just as visible to the discerning eye's of great and skilful
public men. The question of right they surely much more
thoroughly understood than we understand it now; for £
n;ed scarcely say that it has long ago passed out of the pub-
lic mind, Mr- Monroe, the successful negotiator of the pur-
chase of Louisiana, subsequently our special minister at
Madrid in this matter, the Secretary of State, who,"in 1815,
reopened the conferences with Don Onis, conducted them
above a year, and when he rose to the presidency, must be
supposed to have guided with particular care a great ques-
tion like this, with which he was every way so identified,
must surely have understood our rights, and was little like-
ly to betray them. Had he been false, however, two other
southern politicians of the first magnitude were there to
watch him, and one of these, at least, was surely a man not
to be hoodwinked as to what was passing immediately be-
neath his nose, when his' vast perspicacity stretches across
the ocean itself, and pierces the secrets of cabinets three
thousand miles away.
By a singular fatality amongst the leading politicians in
Mr. Monroe's cabinet, "it was a northern member (as seoms
tobe now admitted) who came last into the surrender of our
claim on Texas. By a second fatality, not less singular, and
adding to, its singularity a shocking injustice, it is upon this
very opponent of the surrender, that, with a strange trans-
fer of parts and'a strange anachronism of feelings n->t yet
awakened in him towards the South by its treatment of
him, the blame of that measure has been thrown, with the
addition of the most ignominious and most manifestly un-
founded charges besides; and it has been attempted so to be
thrown, for the benefit of this project, and of a leader, who
himself,"it southern interests had any fouiplay in this mat-
ter, must be held to have been much le=.s their guardian,
much more their betrayer, than Mr. Adams.
It wiU have been seen that I consider it perfectly clear
that there was no betrayal m thefcase, and that in the past
there was any thing but guilt in what was done. It is
plain that, besides doing all he could to secure the great
and real object ofthe cabinet, (the acquisition of Florida,)
the Secretary of State fought to the las>t, as -became the
mosrpertinacious roan of his day, to obtain what the other
members of the administration had consented to yield all
claim upon—namely, Texas. Let me here say more expli-
citly, that the survey of all these negotiations—that ofParis
for Louisiana in 180-2—thet of Madrid for Florida and Texas
in 1803—and that of Washington for the same objects in
1815 and 1819, has left on my mind only the thorough per-
suasion, that they who conducted the business on our part
knew, could not help knowing, how utterly untenable was
our claim beyond Louisiana, as we had received and now
held it from the French; and that they-employed it thus pei&e-
veringlv, with but the expectation of accomplishing the re-
al aim, the acquisition of Florida, at a cheaper rate, by thus
harassing about another territory—a power long in a pre-
carious ptate^at home, already widely threatened as to her
possessions on this continent, and to whom we ourselves
had just given a humiliating lesson of the little safety with
wheh she could hold lands bordering upon our own. I know
that it may be said, and especially by the advocates now of
proceedings the most utterly faithless, that I am here attrib-
uting to our negotiators a very disgraceful, that is, a very
immoral conduct. I.have only to say, that such things
lie entirely within the permitted practices of diplomacy;
which is everywhere, except as to deliberate fraud upon
our adversary, or bleach of faith when pledged, but little
more than a game of skilful pretences. Everything here
warrants the belief that these were the resort in this in-
stance. They have met a fate which often attends all insin-
cerity, individual or national. The efforts made to impress
upon Spain our earnestness and the solidity of our claim,
had, in the manner I have already pointed out, the hap to
convmcc our own people, and thus to leave, even down to
the present day, a strong persuasion that Texas—of which
France had never been in possession, against which she had
always allowed her claim to slumber, and which she had,
when applied to in 1805, directly refused to say was in-
cluded in her cession to us—had been yielded up by the trea-
ty of 1819.
Let me appeal to one final and decisive fict, brought to
view, on the Spanish part, in the contest. Don Onis estab-
lishes that, in the year 1S03 our go'vernment, then pressing
Spain for the purchase of Florida, made to that country,
through our minister at Madrid, the oJiei ot aregulai guai-
anty of all her possessions west of the Mississippi, if she
would agree to sell us what lay oil this side. This important
instrument may be found in vol 4, page 512, of American
State papers, by Lowiie and Franklin Mr. Charles Pinck-
ney, in his note of the 7th February, 1803, to* Don Pedro
de Cevallos, says:
"To obtain this, they have authorized me to say that,
should his Majesty be now inclined to sell to the United
States his possessions east of the Mississippi, or between
that and the river Mobile, agreeably to the propositions en-
closed, the United States will make to his Majestj, and T do
now make, in their name, the important olfer of guarantying
to him and his successors, his dominions beyond the Missis-
sippi.''
PROPOSITIONS ENCLOSED.
"1st. The United States will purchase the possessions of
his Catholic Majesty on the east side of the river Mississip-
pi, for which they will pay dollars.
'•2d. They will purchase these possessions, for which
they will pay   dollars; and, moreover, guaranty to
his Majesty, and his successors, his possessions beyond the
Mississippi.
'•3d They will purchase the country between the rivers
Mississippi and Mobile, belonging to h"is Catholic Majesty,
and also places of deposite near the mouths of the other
navigable riven passing from their territory through either
ofthe Floridas, lor which they will pay dollars or
enter into other obligations which i ay he thought equiva-
lent to the acquisition. . . -
"4th. Ifneitnerof these propositions can he acceded to,
they will then purchase" certain tracts of country on the
banks ofthe Mississippi, and the" other rivers-passing from
their territory into that of his Catholic Majesty, for which
they will pay dollars, or enter into other obligations,
which may he thought equivalent to the acquisition.-*'
I need hardly point to the weightiness, in the present
question, of this ' important offer." It wasmade.be it re-
marked, after the French had acquired Louisiana, but "before
3_et our design to purchase of France had been started. Our
government had been aware of this cession since March,
1801, but never knew the precise terms, nor extent of the
transfer, until a few months before the presentation of this
important offer. James Madison, in his letter of the 26th
July, 1802, to Charles Pmckney, minister to Spam, says:
"Thelast information from Paris renders it certain that the
cession of Louisiana to France has "actually been concluded,
and that the cession comprehends the two" Floridas. In this
state of the business, it seems unnecessary to decide on the
pricc which Spain might be led'to expect for a cession of
the Floridas, including New Orleans, to the United States;
and the more so, as it would be of use for us previously to
know the value she places on the guaranty proposed in my
letter to \ ou of 25th of September last. For the present, the
cession wished by the United States must be an object of
negotiation with the French Government. It will, notwith-
standing, continue to be proper for you to cultivate the good
dispositions of Spam, in relation to it, both as they may not
be entirely disregarded by France, and as, in the turn of
events, Spain may possibly be extricated from their en-
gagements with France, and again have the disposal ofthe
territories in question."
Now, here is a solemn and a voluntary pledge to Spain,
by the Jefferson administration, and through James Madi-
son, in behalf of all the Spanish "dominions'1 and "posses-
sions'' beyond the Mississippi. It is made after the estab-
lishment of those French rights to which we presently suc-
ceeded, and clearly, thereiore, as an engagement to unite
with Spain in withstanding any attempt of France in con-
travention ofthe subsisting possession ofTexas, orother re-
gions beyond the Mississippi, by Spain. It is, in a word, a
direct, and, at that time, an impartial recognition of the
rights of Spain to those territories, and a proffered covenant,
on our part, not only that we will not disturb her there, but
that we will suffer no other nation to doit I need hardly
add that, whether or not it was accepted by the power to
which it was made, is of no consequence, except to the ac-
tive duties which by it we might have assumed. Passfr ely,
it pronounced the Spanish title unquestionable. It settled,
or should have settled, forever as to us, the question of
right, unless, indeed, there should now be found, under the
new system of national ethics, as adapted to the annexation
project, learned doctors who are ready to argue that the
offer thus soberly made implied no persuasion of what we
undertook to afhrm; that our government (the Jefferson ad-
ministration) in no manner believed what it was willing to
say, but rtnly engaged to believe it, if Spain would do an en-
tirely independent thing to oblige us!
I have thought necessary, Mr. President, to enter thus dis-
tinctly into the refutation of these lingering notions of our
former rights, though now abandoned not only by the irrev-
ocable acts of honorable treaties, but our qiuet possession
of Honda, then the great object of southern wishes, as Tex-
as is now: Florida yielded to us, as then declared, in part as
an equivalent for the renunciation of all future claims m the
other quarter To most men's minds, there is no argument
bo strong, in fa\or of a meditated act of injustice, as the con-
vincing the people that they themselves have been original-
ly wronged out of the object they seek. Upon this natural
infirmity, this bad casuistry of the passions, the advocates
of this wicked, this faithless treaty under discussion—the
advocates of which call it "reannexation"—have endeavored
to operate. They have availed themselves of the old and
groundless public notion spread by the causes I have explain-
ed In aid of these they have appealed to apersonal animosity
existing, in many quarters, against a single negotiator of the
treaty of 1819, though but a subordinate instrument m the
matter—though evidently guided all the while by not only
a superior power, but by an older and more familiar agent
m the question—though joined all the-while with a strong
southern cabinet—though then unaffected with ail) resent-
ment towards the South; though now well understood to
have yielded reluctantly what a southern President, a south-
ern attorney general, and two southern Secretaries had con-
ceded. Not content v> ith all this, they have trumped up, to
finish bv imposture the work of awakened prejudice and de-
traction, a charge as infamous as it is unsupported, of the
suppression by the Secretary of State of capital parts ofthe
negotiation, and histreasonous arrangement to a-v oid obtain-
ing allthat we had ever pretended to claim. I need scarcely
say to any one who has felt it his duty, as I Have done, to
scrutinize these accusations, that the printed history el the,
negotiation, to which I have more than once refer-
red, affords a chain of testimony that annihilates ev-
erv trace of these charges, even every possibility
of" their truth; and that not only do the new
documents produced utterly fail to substantiate what
Mr. Ewing is said to have informed Gen. Jackson of, but
even, w hen a little sifted, themselves atiord decisive proof
against nearly all that they claimed to establish Of these
last things, 1 need speak no more than thus to characterize
them, especially when I have so clearly shown the legiti-
mate grounds upon which the treaty was concluded, and
the true state of our original rights under the cession of
Louisiana from France, ft is clear that we obtained at least
as much as we had any tolerable pretence to, «nd, in addi-
tion, at the inadequate price of five millions to be paid to
our own citizens, our favorite object of that day—the pos-
session of Florida. And it was the more necessary that I
should endeavor to correct the erroneous opinion prevailing
wit lout on the«e matters, because, even in this body, and
among senators averse to this wild treaty, we have heard
the same opinions in regard to our original title to Texas as
apart of Louisiana.
I pass from this examination of the proper and organic
power of our government over this matter by treaty, as one
involving every domestic and constitutional question, ar4
