"684
APPENDIX TO 'fife CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Jarnagin.
Senate.
from the consideration of the main subterfuge by which is
to be avoided any impediment arising out of the national
cpmpact"Itself, to other objections; as fatal to the form as
4hose -already glanced at are to the substance of this act.
' The instrument before us is styled a treaty; yet I cannot but
|dok on )t as destitute of all the essential characteristics of a
great act of that sort between nations. 3s that Irish act of
union, whioh annihilated Erin's independent legislation and
her entire nationality, a treaty? J0r was it only an act of
incorporation—of political extinction? "Was it a treaty,
when Russia, by ukase, bade Poland' cease to be? I freely
admit, the writers upon national law recognise as treaties
exceedingly unequal engagements between States, and even
such as reduce one of them to the verge of non-existence.
There are, also, temporary conventions, miscalled treaties,
• which may be made with de facto governments, for the mere
purpose-of peaceful intercourse, to which a neutral nation
may resort, under certain circumstances; but as these in-
volve no absolute.exercise of perfected sovereignty, they
must take an interior rank and name. A treaty, in a word,
supposes at least iwo parties; and parties to such a thing
they are not, unless both are sovereign. Hero there is but
one such party. The other has yet to make good, against a
power on which it but lately depended, stifl claiming it as
dependent, and with which we arc bound not to interfere,
its separate supremacy, the eminent domain over its soil and
people. Between them we cannot interfere without a faith-
less violation of treaty engagements. For this I have high
authority—no less than that of the senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. McDcffie ] In his message of 1836 to the South
Carolina legislature, he says:
'-If we admit Texas into our Union while Mexico is still
Waging war against that province, with a view to re-estab-
lish her supremacy over it, we shall, by the very act itself,
make ourselves a party to the war. Nor can we take this
step without incurring this heavy responsibility, until Mex-
ico herself shall recognise the independence of-her revolted
province."
Were both the parties, however, really sovereign, so as to
be capable of the highest acts of nationality, (such as give
no rights against them, to others,) there are acts whicii, a 
between them, would not be treaties, because they put an
end to the separate existence of the one or the other. For a
treaty must leave, as well as find, two parties, in order that
the obligation Itself may continue Under the ideas of mo-
narchical systems, which suppose that a people may held in
fee simple, the (sovereign may, by renunciation, or aliena-
tion, extinguish the sovereignty; not so, howe\ er, under ic-
publican principles. By these, a State, once free, cannot di-
vest itself of its freedom, cannot extinguish its individuality
' as a people, and the act would be a oid, precisely for the same
reason-for which we hold that a freeman cannot, by con-
tract, part with his liberty. Were Texas, therefore, a State,
sovereign and free, she could not by treaty reduce herself
into our dependency and territory, though I admit that she
might unite with us by another process.
I have already shown, at the outset, in examining the
powers of this government over a matter like this, that it
has no power and could have no faculty to incorporate with
ours, of its own action, another people, or an external ter-
ritory. It is equally clear that, could the sovereignty of
Texas be extinguished, this could only be done by the im-
mediate act of her people itself, not of her public function-
aries constituted for another purpose. Nor would such
" former assent of her collective citUens—some vote of six
or eight years since, such a3 is now put m to stand for her
will—be valid for the purpose: still less can it be valid,
when the assent then obtained was to a thing totally differ-
ent The vote then taken was for her union to this confed-
eracy as an equal member, not a dependent territory; for,
as all know, this last evasion of the constitution—this indi-
rection—had not then been thought of as within the reach
of the treaty-making power That blessed and bright in-
vention of the strict constiuctionists had not yet sprung,
Pallas-like, from the brain of any southern Jove.
A treaty, then, supposes, not only two parties, but parties
competent to what is to be accomplished by it. If the ob-
ject is a cession of any kind, the one party must be qualified
to grant, and the other to receive, that object^ but, since
both these conditions are wanting here, this is no treaty.
Had we ourselves been competent to such a transaction, be-
yond doubt, a party (namely, Mexico) might ha\e been
found with whom we could enter into it. To search so far
was manifestly unnecessary, however; since, when no right
can be taken, it is of exceedingly little consequence wheth-
er any can be given or not. But, since equality m treaties
is greatly to be desired, it was clearly best that a party in-
capable of receiving should have to deal with one equally in-
capable of giving. Knowing the consummate prudence, as
well as.wisdom, of the administration, I make no doubt that
it gave, in its long and profound deliberations over this
matter, great weight to this last consideration. Not equal-
ity only is to be desired in the treaties, but simplicity, and
certainly the course taken greatly simplified this business
For between our incompetency to the thing and that of our
well chosen counter-party, there js a wonderful conformit).
If Texas be sovereign, the doctrine of some politicians is,
that this government is not—has but a quasi sovereignty.
Here, then, are very pretty facilities to this State-rights
operation ofclinching a State's sovereign rights to that which
has none. What becomes of the vanished suppemaoy?
Does it flit to the moon, where the last wits of heroes, the
over-volatile virtue of dames, and whateyer^else is missing
' from earth, (poets say,) is treasured up? Or does it lie dor-
mant, like a bear in his winter sleep, sucking his paws'' Or
is it bottled up for another generation, like south-side Lon-
don particular Madeiia, to grow only the fiuei the longer it
is kept under cork? But according to the same creed of
State sovereignty, what are we buying, under this so called
"treaty/ Are we purchasing of an independent State what
our declaration of independence declares to be indefeysibly
• in every people—the rights of their self-government^ We
" surely are not driving a bargain for the public domain of
Texas, well understood to be entirely alienated, perhaps
" twice over. Here I will take occasion to state an important
fact, without stopping to characterize it as evincing a pur-
pose to produce a false impression. I am utterly opposed,
nowever, to the people of the United States being deceived
'by it- The fact to which I allue is this; the negotiators of
the Texas treaty on the part of Texas, Messrs. Van Zandt
and Henderson, in their note to John C. Calhoun, Secretary
of State, "of the 15th April, 1844, in reply to certain inquiries
of Mr. Calhoun, say:
"Upon the subject of the public lands, the undersigned
submit a summary statement, made from a late report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, to the President
of Texas.
He estimates the aggregate at '
Lands appropriated
Remainder unappropriated • - - 136,111,357"
To this-'late report" jio date is given, although it was
communicated to the Senate with the treaty., as evidence
of the quantity of land wo were to get, out of which to pay
the debts of Texas assumed by us. Now, sir, what will
you think of this-statement, when informed of the fact, that
this "late report" w as made in 1841, since which time we
have no account of lands- sold or gianted by Texas? The*
date of the report appears by the memoir accompanying the
map of Texas, sent here by the President of the United
States.
What, then, are we to get for the assumption in blank of
all the public debts of Texas?—for, as to the attempted
specification in the treaty, delusively put there as if tliey
"w ho drew it meant to limit, or could limit, our liabilities,
nothing can be more fallacious. With or without that
specification, it is precisely the same thing. Weare'none
the less liable for her previous contracts, acknowledged or
repudiated. She becomes our feme coverte; and though
m e may make with her before the bridal, or even at the
altar, an undersfauding that we are to discharge only a cer-
tain part of her debts, (pay her milliner only, for instance,
and let her grocer, or her butcher, go whistle for his
money,) these honest tradesmen may be upon us with a
capias next morning, before yet its blush has met the bash-
ful bride'Si or we-have given her timid charms the first salu-
tation of the day. What, then, can w e be pretended to be
buying, or otherwise getting, by her sovereignty? And
-now, according to the very principle in chief of, those
who are urging us to the acquisition, what is tlus
worth, as a vendible commodity"7 Many of these very
people say that we can take no sovereign right over
her, excq'. just so long as she pleads. A part of them
hold a Dorrite self-emancipation to be always legitimate;
another part hold that secession is ne\er to be denied; and
another portion claim peaceful nullification as "the rightful
remedy-" to which a State may always resort when she
lists. What should hinder Texas, as soon as we have paid
her debts, fiom "calculating the value of the lJl^on',',■' If
now so a. oessible to the oiler? of England, as the friends of
this treaty pretend, may she not be quite as much so then,
when suffering (as the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina assures us that eVery body in the south suffers) under
"a worse than colonial vassalage,"' "the intolerable oppres-
sion of the tariff'- lUcthmks theie are some folks wonder-
fully fond of "enormous burdens,*" and some who arc
strangely disposed to entice others into wretchedness, no
doubt upon the old principle, "that misery loves company "
But can we be at all sure that this singular southern appli-
cation of that renowned democratic rule, called the "great-
est happiness principle," will continue? Afterha\ing drawn
the Texians into a share in the inestimable advantages of
being one of us, are they not very likely, as soon as they
shall be of the household, to tell them some rather awful
family seciets, as, for instance, under what "a grinding ty-
ranny" we live, and liow much better oft' they, the poor
folks of the lone star, wouldbc under the English dominion,
dependent on their "natural market''"
It must be confessed that some southern gentlemen are a
good deal given, in the snug little circle heie, arid in that of
the other House, or in fireside parties of a few thousands at
home, to talking just in this way. We ourselves are quite
used to all this, sort of thing. We know the patriotism and
loyalty of their true sentiments, and that all this is but a
joke. But when the Texas folks, already with so many
alarming affinities to England, come here, will not they who
know no better take all this for earnest, and think this a
very bad business that they have got into, and this coveted
blessing of annexation rather a sorry boon? It strikes me
so, Mr. President, and that the probabilities of their long re-
taining an) very violent attachment to this Union, beyond
the lapse ol the mere political honeymoon, are by no means
strong, especially under the indoctrination of the teachers
to whom 1 have just referred. It cannot be said that it( was
a love of freedom that drove them from home, for that
they had already; so that, as to it, they could gain nothing,
and might lose everything. A part of them notoriously
left xis to teecome the denizens of a foreign land, strange to
their tongue, alien to their religion, and that of their fa-
thers, utterly uncertain m all its public destinies, and offer-
ing nothing to bind to it the affections of one bred m our in-
stitutions, except the hope of overturning the very gov-
ernment to which they pledged themselves when they
sought it^ protection and received its bounty. The only
serious allegation ol the Tosisms wai, that Mexico had ex-
changed her federative organisation for a centralized one,
which was disagreeable to Texas, or rather lesgned to be
so, for I think it clear that, had the fact been reversed,
Tevac would ha^ e peeked the same quarrel, allpging other
and opposite reasons. Not freedom, then, was their ami—
not theoretical rights—not liberty of conscience, for which
they had never stipulated, and in which they had all they
could expect, toleration for the very small degree of reli-
gion about which they had ever troubled themseh es. The
real object, as all know who watched the purposes of this
movement, wai a totollv difteiens one Mexico given
them liberally large gifts of lertile lands, highly fit lor the
richest productions of slave labor; but as the laws of Mex-
ico did not permit slavery, those lands were comparatively
valueless. The insurrection, then, putting out of view the
personal ambition of those who were in hope its leaders
had but two ital aims,,and both these land-jobbing ones,
to throw off" the Mexican laws, in order that slave property
might be introduced; and with a wide market for sugar
and cotton lands thus obtained, to seize upon a great
public domain, and paicel it out among the small American
population, so as to enrich-every man of them, and give
their leaders even princely possessions. It is futile to talk
of Texian liberty as having $ny cause, any impulse but' this,
, whatever show of patriotism, and devotion to the cause of
self-government may haye been made. It is equally futile
to pretend that, whatever dishonest encouragement to the
design, the troubles, or the weakness or wickedness" of
Mexico afforded, the attempt itself could.ever have been
thought of by a body of population not .now 200,000," and
then far less, against an empire of fully eight millions, un-
less under a thorough persuasion, justified by every part of
the event, that our people, breaking loose as individuals
from every just obligation as a nation, would pour down to
the war, afford arms, supplies, everything, and in reality, as
jt has proved, do most of the paying, .and all the fighting.
Such was the fact. In the first glare of that enthusiasm
which among us awakes so easily to any cause that will
take the stvle of "freedom," "constitution," "self-^overn-
ment," our hardy, brave, confiding, and generous mehof the
West made a vide rush to the warr under the cry, believed
by them, of liberty. Among this number, Mr. President, I
hud myself many friends and relatives, whose devotion to
freedom, noble nature, and daring spirit, mduccd them in a
catise supposed honorable, to hazard everything;and buttoo
rpany of them fertilized the battle-fields of Texas with their
life blood. By such, Mexico was beaten, and borne back;
Texas seemed won, and its independence, for the- time,
achieved., • , ' -
So plain and manifest had been, in that contest, our dere-
liction of national duty as a neutral, that, after the seeming
completion of its success, our government', though invited
by Texas, did not venture to profit by it, dreading too much
the imputed infamy over the civilized world, of so foul a
transaction. Such was the ground taken, by the senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] when he voted against
recognising even the independence of Texas in 1837. So the
new republic of the moment was left to confirm, if it could,
by those things which, even much rrjore than valor in the
field, make or mar a nation, all that arms appear to have won.
From almost that moment, the cause'and-the hopes of
Texas have gone backwards. Her councils have" failed to
shape out for her anything secure; nothing respectable
abroad, nothing worthy at home, has attended her efforts to
prepare for the contest never relinquished on the part of
Mexico, and certain to be pushed again as soon as that"pow-
er was disembarrassed of still closer conflicts with France,
and afterwardsiwith Yucatan. Gradually, a complete inef-
ficiency of every thing belonging to a government, a desti-
tution of all resources, a ruin of all the public character
which might have supplied their place, a general loi=s of all
confidence or sjmpatny, and finally the visible si^ns of a
total incapacity to be a nation, of an established imbecility
andanarchy, have gathered over her fortunes, This is in
effect avowed by the very authors and defenders of the trea-
ty. In the midst of her enemies and general inactivity, she
has contrived to exhaust all her means of defence; and,
therefore, it is said, needs our protection. She has no army;
her navy has been sold at auction. She is without revenue
tor even her ordinary expenditures, and her credit is utter-
ly gone. In this state of collapse, urged as one of the
grounds for this treaty, with every symptom of political dis-
solution upon her, the rattles in her throat, and the last ri-
gidity settling over her members, after she had been plied
with divers stimulants of ihvitation, of threats and wheed-
ling, fomented with certain warm flannels in the shape of
perhaps more than one sort of treaty, the cordial of an
aimy poured down her throat, and the smelling bottle of a
fleet clapped to .her nose, a presidential nurse, and a di-
plomatic doctor to come to us, and tell us that she
is at death's door—that she has not even had a finger ache—
that, however, she i<J very poorly—that, again, she is in
singularly fine health and spirits—but that she is very bad,
and the undertaker may be sent for—that it is nothing but
the megrims, produced by certain confabulations with one
Mr. Andrews, who has put her m great bodily fear, by offer-
ing to buy all her negroes', if somebody will lend him the
money, and of whom her apprehensions have become, very
naturally, almost uncontroiable upon his being compelled,
for fear of lynching, to run away! All this, certified by any
quantity of anonymous letters, they still tell us, insisting
that Texas is perfectly independent, but on the immediate
verge of falling a prey to the first comer; that she is entire-
ly at peace with everybody, and especially with Mexico,
but yet is in the most imminent peril of being overwhelmed,
nobody can say precisely how, or by whom; that there vhas
been no war between her and Mexico for full eight years,
though, to be sure, we did last year mediate for an armis-
tice between them, and though the President's last annual
message, drawn up since this treaty was set on foot, de-
clared that there was war between them, and that war car-
ried on with a shocking inhumanity. Such are the apologies
and pretences for this precipitate treaty, made without au-
thority, and without consulting the American people, Let
me return, however, from my history to my argument, and
show a little further that, for still other reasons, this thing
before us is in no sort a treaty. A treaty supposes, if not
faith towards the party with whom you are dealing, at least
faith towards yourselves. Heie then; is none on either side.
The treaty will m no sort effect w hat it expresses. It in no
manner expresses what it will effect; aud this was perfectly
well understood between those who drew it; so that it is a
fraud upon us, by Texas, to which this administration are
parties.
A treaty is surely not such which conveys not its
expressed object, but one dii ectly opposite. Here we stip-
ulate for a sovereignty, and n territory: v e get only a war.
We bargain for possession, and we have to fight for it, and
that under dishonor for the violation of treaties. If it be a
purchase, it is of that which cannot be delivered on one side,
and cannot be taken on the other by treaty. If it is a con-
veyance, it is, as to the sovereignty of what cannot be alie-
nated, and, as to the territoiy, paitly of what is in disputed
possession, and partly of what never was m possession of
Tex.is, but adversely held and occupied by Mexico. For
the professed objects, which w e are thus not to get, we are
to give in money a consideration much larger than appears,
and allournational honor besider. To lighten it. pretended
assets, long ago dissipated, are set forth; but, as I have said,
nothing is delivered to us but a quarrel upon dishonorable
terms. We get no title but to a war. If this was what we
wanted, why the formality of a treaty, and the expense of
