670
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
and" proudly challenge eveiy insinuation against
either my motives or my actions. I have not ar-
raigned his in any respect, neither ought he to have
arraigned mine.
FUNERAL EXPENSES OF THE "PRINCETON"
VICTIMS.
Mr. HOPKINS offered the following resolution,
which he said he was satisfied would meet with no
objection:
Resolved, That tlie Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, and the Secretary of tke Senate, if the Senate concur,
be directed to pay (half out of the contingent fund of the
House, and the other half out of the contingent fund of the
Senate) the funeral expenses of those that were killed on
board the steamer Princeton, provided that the amount
thereof does not exceed the sum of $1,450.
' Mr. BARNARD suggested some change of the
sum fixed in the resolution.
Mr. HOPKINS said it was unnecessary, for he
had seen a statement of the expenses, and they fell
short of the sum he had named.
Mr. GEO. W. JONES moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, and he asked for the yeas and
nays thereon.
Mr. DUNCAN said he wished to amend the
resolution, so as to provide that these expenses
should be paid out of tlie contingent funds of the
departments, for he was opposed to this throwing
the responsibility on the House and on the Senate
of this increase of the expenditures from their con-
tingent funds.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being taken,
resulted thus: yeas 40, nays 124:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, James Black, Boyd, Brodhead,
"William J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Reuben Chap-
man, Cuilom, Dana, John W. Davis, Dromgoole, French,
Giddings, Hale, Hamlin, Hays, Henley, Houston, Hunger-
ford, James B. Hunt, Cave Johnson, Perley B. Johnson,
George W. Jones, Leonard, Lumpkin, Maclay, McKay,
Norris, Purdy, Reding, Ritter, Rogers, Taylor, Thompson,
Tucker, Vinton, Wheaton, Williams, Joseph A. Wright,
and Yost—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Arrington, Ashe, Baker, Bar-
riilger, Bayley, Bidlack, James A. Black, Bower, Bowlin,
Brinkerliort; Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Jeremiah
Brown, Buffington, Campbell, Jeremiah E. Cary, Shepherd
Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causin, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman,
Clinton, Cobb, Cranston, Cross, Daniel, Darragh, Garrett
Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dawson, Debeiry, Dellet, Dun-
can, Dunlap, Ellis, Elmer, Fariee, Fish, Foster, Goggin,
Willis Green, Byram Green, Grinneil, Gnder, Hammet,
Haralson, Hardin, Harper, Herrick, Hoge, Hopkins, Hub-
ard, Hubbell, Hudson, Charles J. Ingcrsoll, Joseph R. In-
fersoll, Irvin, Jameson, Jenks, Andrew Kennedy, John P.
ennedy, Daniel P. King, Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Mc-
Causlen, McClelland, McConneil, McDowell, Mcllvaine,
Marsh, Matthews, Edward J. Morris, Moseley, Murphy,
Nes, Newton, Patterson, Peyton, Pollock, Elisha R. Potter,
Emery D. Potter, Preston, Ramsey, Charles M. Reed,
David S. Roid, Relfe, Roberts, Rockwell, Rodney, St. John,
Saunders, Schenck, Senter, Seveiance, Thomas H. Sey-
mour, Simons, Slidell, John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Caleb
B. Smith, Steenrod, Stephens, Stetson, Andrew Stewart,
John Stewart, Stone, Strong, Summers, Sykes, Thomasson,
Tibbatts, Tyler, Vance, Vanmeter, Weller, Wentworth,
"Wethered, white, Winthrop, and Woodward—124.
So the resolution was not laid on the the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected to the form of the
resolution; for it would not only require the concur-
rence of the Senate, but the signature of the Presi-
dent of the United States, to enable this House to
expend a portion of its own contingent fund. He
also objected to it because it proposed an expendi-
ture to defray the funeral expenses of persons who
were not members of this House, and some of them
but private citizens. Pie entered into some explana-
tion of the usual restriction on the expenditure of
the contingent fund; and remarked that lie objected
to this resolution, because it would establish a pre-
cedent which would cover any variety of cases
hereafter, and involve Congress in the expense of
burying any individual who, by accident, or misfor-
tune, or in the course of nature, may die here. Af-
ter some other observations, he expressed his oppo-
sition to the resolution, and concluded by asking for
the yeas and nays thereon.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he had supposed that the
expenses of the funeral of those who were killed on
the occasion of a calamity which covered the whole
nation with mourning would have been paid without
a single objection. He, however, rose, not to reply
to the remarks which had been made, nor to con-
tinue in any way the debate, but to move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOPKINS (the motion for the previous
question having been withdrawn) said his colleague's
objection came too late: the time for such objection
was when a committee was appointed by the House
to meet a committee on the part of the Senate, to
make arrangements for the funeral of the late Sec-
retary of State and the Secretary of the Navy. But
no objection was made then, and liabilities had been
incurred which must be defrayed by somebody.
How did his colleague [Mr. Dromgoole] propose
to pay the expenses which had been incurred? Cof-
fins had been supplied, laborers had been employed
to assist in the funeral obsequies, and hacks were
hired to carry tlie persons who took part in the pro-
cession; the very mourning which his colleague1 [Mr.
DromgoOle] Wore by order of this House, remain-
ed unpaid for, and it was proposed that the petty
sum which was contracted by order of this House,
should remain unpaid. To him it was a matter of
but little consequence by what department it was
paid, but it was a matter of some consequence
whether it was paid at all. To the people it mat-
ters nothing whether it were paid out of the con-
tingent fund of this House, or of the State or Navy
Department, for it would come from the national treas-
ury, whatever the department might be that should
make the immediate payment. And they knew that
propositions of this sort were very frequently adopted.
Members of this House were buried at the expense
of the government, because they were the officers of
the government; and the Secretary of State and of
the Navy had also been thus buried, because they
were the officers of the government. To obviate
one objection raised by his colleague, he would mod-
ify his resolution, and give it the form of a simple
resolution; and on that moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ADAMS desired to make a few observa-
tions, and Mr. * Hopkins withdrew the motion for
the previous question, to enable him to do so. He
was then understood to speak in opposition to the
resolution, but in so low a tone of voice as to be al-
most inaudible at the reporter's desk.
No appropriation could be made otherwise than
by an act of Congress. It could not be done by
joint resolution. He looked upon this proposition
as one of a most extraordinary character; and one
which, if adopted, would establish an alarming pre-
cedent.
Mr. HOPKINS modified the resolution so as to
direct the Clerk of the House to examine the ac-
counts, &.c., and to pay one-half of the same out of
the contingent fund, provided the half to be paid by
the House would not exceed $725 00.
Mr. J. R, INGERSOLL called the attention of
the House to a precedent, which he said was direct-
ly in point, where certain foreigners were buried,
at the expense of the government, and not only
were their funeral expenses paid, but pensions were
given to their widows and children.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put, viz: "On
agreeing to the resolution as modified."
The yeas and nays were demanded by Messrs.
C. JOHNSON and DROMGOOLE.
They were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas
103, nays 69, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbot, Ashe, Baker, Barringer, Barnard,
Jeremiah E,. Cary, Shepherd Cary, Carroll, Catlin, Causin,
Augustus A. Chapman, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Cobb,
Collamer, Cranston, Cross, Garrett Davis, Richard D. Davis,
Dawson, Dellet. Dillingham, Ellis, Elmer, Farlee. Fish,
Florence, Goggin, Byram Green, Grinneil, Grider, Hardin,
Holmes, Hoge, Hopkins, Hubard, Hubbell, Hudson Hughes,
Charles J. lngersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvm, Jameson,
Jenks, Andrew Kennedy, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P Kin«-
Kirkpatrick, Labranche, McCauslen, McClelland, McCon-
neil, McDowell, Mcllvaine, Marsh, Edward J. Morris,
Mosely, Murphy, Nes, Newton, Owen, Parmenter, Pollock,
FhshaR. Totter, Fmery D Potter, Pratt, Ramsey, Chailes
M. Reed, D. S Reid, Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, St John,
Sample, Saunders, Schenck, Thomas H. Seymour, Da\ id
L. Se\ mour, Sltdell. Albert Smith, John T. Smith. Thomas
Smith, ralcb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stephens, StPt^on,
Andrew fct<nvart, John Stew ait, Strong, Summer"!. Fykes'.
Tliouidsvon. 'j'lhl.utis, liMcn, Tyler. Vance, "Vfrnmeier,'
Wentw orth, TWthi-mJ, White, Winthrop, and William
Wright- • Hi:}.
NA YS—Messrs A.lams, /- micron, Arrington. Benton,
James A. Black, Bower, Brinksihoif, Broi'hcatl
Aaron V. Bruwn. Milton Brown. William j brown, Bnffing-
ton, Burke. Bmt, raldwell, Reuben Chapman, Cullom,
Dana Darr-ih, John W Davis, Diekej, Dromgoole, [>nnia*>]
Ficklm, French. <iichhiigs, Willis (riven. Hele, Hamlin'
Hnmnift. Henley, Houston, ){un?eribi<l, James ft. Hunt!
< ave Johnson, Perl*} B Johnson, Andrew Johnson, Geoi^e*
W. Jone.s, Preston King. Leonard. Lumpkin, Lyon.'MeKPv.
Joseph Morns, Norris, Pnrdy, Reiliny, R^lfc, Rittor, Se.iteV*
Severance, Taj lor, 'i homp^on. Tucker, Vinton, Weller!
Wheaton, Williams, Woodwaid, Joseph A, V, right and'
Yost— b->. ' '
So the resolution was adopted.
Mi. WINTHROP asked that the communica-
tion from the President of the United States, on
the. subject ot the Cunard steam-packets, should be
now read, in order that it might he referred.
The communication was laid before the House
the reading was dispensed with, and it was referred
ii
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. R. SMITH desired leave to offer a resolu-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL objected to any further busi-
ness taking precedence of his motion.
Mr. R. SMITH said if the gentleman objected, he
would move a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER remarked that there was a mo-
tion now pending for a suspension of the rules.
Mr. THOMPSON said there was a private bill
embracing some hundreds of cases of persons claim-
ing lands. It was a bill to which there could be no
sort of objection, and consequently no debate. He
hoped the House would act upon the bill, that it
might be sent to the Senate,
Objections were made,,and the question was then
put on the resolution offered by Mr. Campbell yes-
terday, and now modified by him, so as to terminate
the debate 011 the bill for rechartering the banks of
the District of Columbia this day at half past twelve.
Mr. C. JOHNSON demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BURKE moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS desired to amend the resolution
by adding that all debate on the bill to reduce the
price of the public lands should cease at 4 o'clock
this day.
The amendment was declared to be out of order,
inasmuch as the bill referred to had not yet been
considered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEWART moved the previous question.
It was seconded, and the main question ordered
to be now put.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
And they were ordered; and being taken, were—
yeas 112, nays 64. The resolution was adopted.
DISTRICT BANKS.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, the House then
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Hamlin in the chair;) and
the committee resumed the consideration of the bill
to recharter the District banks.
Mr. DUNCAN, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the committee. He was desirous (he
said) of voting for the rechartering these banks, pro-
vided they were made to conform to the system of
banking in Ohio.
Mr. D. enumerated various provisions which he
desired to see incorporated in these bank charters.
First, as to the liability of stockholders; secondly,
that they should be restrained from borrowing the
funds of the bank of which they are stockholders.
A company of money-lenders should not be money-
borrowers. There were abundant examples of
fraud being practised in this way. He would men-
tion one case: it was that of the Bank of Hamilton,
in Ohio. The bank failed for the amount of $72,-
000; and, by the report of the bank commissioners,
the extraordinary fact was disclosed that six of the
directors of the bank owed the institution $62,000—
within §10,000 of the entire amount of the bank's lia-
bilities. It was easy enough to be seen that these men
had a direct interest that the bank should go down.
And there were various cases of the same kind that
might be referred to. And another provision that
he desired to see incorporated was, that the stock
should be paid in in gold and silver.
Mr. D. put some questions to Mr. Camp-
heli. with regard to the condition of the banks;
which being answered, Mr. D. said he would vote
for the bill provided its frit-nds would so amend it
as to introduce into the banking system of the Dis-
trict, the same reforms that had been introduced
into the banks of Ohio. With these reforms, he
should be sustained at home in voting for the bill,
and he thought that Ins democratic friends should
vote for it also, as it was understood that a vast ma-
jority of the people of the District desired the re-
charter of these bank^. He was glad to see the
whig parly coming up to the system of bank re-
forms that the democratic party had been so long
struggling for. It would be remembered that from
1836 to 1840, the democratic party, in consequence
of their exertions to reform the banking system,
and to take away from the banks the power to de-
fraud the community, had been stigmatized as de-
structionists, who were striving to bieak down the
banks and destroy the business and property of the
community. The democratic party always repudi-
ated that charge, and contended that their object was
to reform, not destroy, these institutions. They
