June, 1844 J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
685
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Jarnagin
Senate.,
a purchase? , Surely we.could have got a fight somewhere
for nothing. Why, then, pay down in advance some flftefen
or twenty millions for one? "Why not settle the Ofregon
question in that way, where we have a right disputed, and
a a adversary worthy our prowess ?
Again: a treaty is something made by a treaty-making
power; but the acts which, as treaties, it has no right to do,
are, when done, no treaties at all. The President aiad Sen-
ate have no right to make war; they cannot, therefore,
rightfully enter into a treaty, the direct effect of Which is,
w ar, and gives to another nation a right of war against us,
or assumes a war pending. They sUrely, cannot do that-
which is an aggression upon another nation, as well as an
usurpation upon our own constitution. It is manifest-that,
pending a war between Texas and Mexico, a so-called tiea-
ty, by which the former alienated to us all her possessions
and her sovereignty, (the entire subject of the war,) would
of course be nothing but a direct assumption of the war,
0 substitution of ourselves for Texas. True, we may
have stipulated, for possession only; but while that pos-
session is a matter of war," and can only arise out of the
fortunate issue of that war-war, though not stipulated,
is the. direct and principal effect, and possession only con-
tingent and subsidiary. Texas cannot deliver us possession,
but only the war upon the event of which that possession
depends; so that the misnamed treaty of annexation or incor-
poration is not such, but war under another name, faithless-
ly and- unconstitutionally made. It is manifest that such -
would be the object on the part of Texas, and such alone
the expectation'on our part.
If Texas be not already in the condition I have described;
if she be not on the very eve of political extinction; if pos-
sessed of an independence in any sort real enough, (and high
and clear it should be, that our honor may be free of all
suspicion,) to justify this step on our part, why should she '
thus yield up her separate, her individual being, as a peo-
ple, and become not a State, but a dependent territory? Na-
tions never do this voluntarily. They recoil as instinctive-
ly from such forfeiture of their own identity, as the soul of
each man in them shrinks from the thought of annihilation,
preferring, almost, deliberately to encounter any chances
of eternal pain, rather than to perish, to be swallowed up
and lost in nothingness. Nothing is stronger than this prin-
ciple or feeling, implanted by nature herself in the hearts
of every people as soon as formed. In a nation, it is the very
life, the vital fire thatmust have, warmed it up into thought
and motion, and made it apolitical existence. If Texas never
had this, she never lias been a nation free and independent.
She has been but a poor automaton, dressed up, perhaps im-
posingly enough, m the semblance of one, and like that
haughty Turk, whom most of us have seen playing an ex-
ceedingly good gciine of chess; apparently hard to beat, but
really an empty image all the while, moved bj unseen
springs, guided by some operator not far oft, who looks, on
with a most disinterested aspect, and has not the slightest
apparent connection with the game. If Texas was
free, independent, the mistress of not, only her - own
soil, but of Mexican regions in addition, which no man of
hers had ever trod except in anklets • of iron, if she
laughs at Spanish arms, and has no greater danger to fear,
in any other quarter, than Mr. Andrews, and his shadowy
bands; if especially, she be so strong that it was necessary
fox us to turn suppliants and intriguers for a connection with
her; if, I say, she be all this, why seek to lay dtfwn her na-
tional existence, like a heavy burden to be borne no longer?
Why forfeit her igitrammeled liberty her proud self-re-
liance, her guardianship of her own intercuts, surely now
quite hostile to our own, according to the very gentlemen
who here urge this union? With what, at worst, is .she
threatened? On the one side, I see nothing more awful
than Mr. Andrews, and on the other-nothing more formida-
ble than a free-trade treaty with England. Are these the
things that unman the southern chivalry, and make the he-
roes Of San Jacinto quake? Why, as to abolition, any alarm
which Texas feels must surely be at the prospective failure
of profits, rather than the danger of the loss of anything she
now has; for it seems that there are, in all, but 2d,000,slaves
in Texas, or about one-eighth of the entire population she
claims. Now, where but one man in seven owns a slave,
the popular dread of abolition, extending only to one-
seventh of the whiter, cannot be very engrossing Besides,
1 can see no evidences of any such terror In spite of all
the contagious alarms, bred in our Slate Department, her
people are calm, her statesmen self-possessed Hervery
diplomatists have failed to take the hint, to comprehend the
nods and winks of our cabinet, to copy its simulated trepi-
dation, to echo the dolorous language of its apprehensions.
In shoit, they never advci t to it at all; and even our com-
plaisant minister, Mr. Murphy, though of a soul in which all
sorts of tornados of the feelings are easily produced, ht.s, on
this matter, so far bridled "the whirlwind of his emotions."
as not to attribute to Texas the slightest share in this dread.
Yet it is there that these dire plans are hatching, and over
her that these dangers impend—dangers which she either
does not see, or does not fear; visible and frightful only to
those who are two thousand miles off.
The truth is, this whole business is a fraud, a plan, with
w hich John Tyler intends, if he can, lto bamboozle the Amer-
ican people in the approaching presidential election. Sir,
names lower than beiit things often presented in this body,
contemptuous terms rarely ever applicable to matter of
such grave consequencc, can alone convey in their truth
these miserable pietenees. They are hardly describable
but as trumpery and humbug. The dialect, not of affairs
of state, but of the gaming table or race cource, can alone
body them lorth m their turpitude, their nefanousness.
The conspirators who conceived them could not well have
talked of them, but as the adepts in Hoyle and the stud-book
speak of the plans by which pocket books are to be
emptied, or purses taken. The metaphors and the vocab-
ulary of such people cpuld alone illustrate or elucidate the
purposes to be accomplished, or the means to be employed.
Without even the assistance of what we hear, we know
how the chief player of this despicable game must have
told his confederates of his expectations. Their common
organ, the sporting calender here of this fraternity, has
talked of the thing all the while much in that .jockey phrase
which was appropriate to it. From it we could collect the
cutting, the snuffling, thft stocking of the pack that w as
going on. Through it, we have -learnt how the President
held back this card bf -annexation as an ace of t.rumps,
that was, in the nick of the play, to give Mia the game, and
sweep the hoard. At times, however, (as the figures of
speech of the government paper are often'n©t a little mixed,
and glide into the loftier style of the camp and the field of
glory,) this trump card became a bomb that was, suddenly
to fall from the skies among the forces of one adversary,-or
a mine that was to blow the assdiling regions of another into
the sky. Now, it was to come down upon Mr. Van Buren's
head, and now, to burst beneath Mr. Clay's feet, knocking
one into, the earth, and the other into the air. Presently,
again, relapsing into more pacific phrase, the bomb or the
mine became a high-mettled steed, bestriding which the
President was to distance in the raee of popularity all such
mere tackeys as were rode by others. There stood, booted
and spurred, in blue jacket, red cap, and yellow breeches,
the executive, John Jones holdins his bottle, attendant sec-
retaries his whip-and stirrup, the Postmaster General his
bridle; while the trainer-in-chief (he of the State Depart-
ment,) stoodprepared to lift him into the saddle. Meantime,
as the Baltimore convention drew nigh, abandoning their
own used up cavalry, .about him came the veteran Indian
slayer of the West, his military rival Of the lakes, and others
of high pretensions. All looked with longing eyes at his
saddle. All.would have gladly leaped into it, but for John
Jones and the stable boys, who loudly announced that jus-
tice demanded that the owner alone of this purse-taker
should straddle him, whenio! the convention appears with
a candidate of their,own. They thrust by trainer and all,
seat Polk in the s.addle, slap the horse on the rump to start
him, and bid him go. And while he hobbles off, the dis-
mounted executive stands aghast. The secretaries are
thunderstruck; while John and the" stable boys protest, in
vain, that it is the President's horse; that there is cheating
going on; that this is too bad.
But to return to the other great cause of fright, which has
so alarmed thesenator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bucha\an,]
as to make him overleap his opinion as expressed in 1837—
a treaty with England that shall ghe her all the trade of
Texas. It is difficult to conceive why the possibility of
this should produce any panic. As in the other case, I see
no manifestations of the presence of such a peril to the
minds of those whom it ought chiefly to affect. Still less
ean I imagine why those should impute it to them or should
endeavor to fling them into a tremor about it, who them-
selves meditate or desire just about the same arrangements
with Brits in, as the aim of all rational policy, the requisition
of all constitutional right.
Texas has no manufactures, no mechanic arts, no
moneyed capital to set them on loot, no skill formed
to them, no body of working population dependent on
them for employment. She is, even far beyond any of
our southern States, a producer of raw material alone.
If, then, to a people like us, of most mixed occupa-
tions, of climates and soils compelling them, where the
intimate division of labor is already m existence, whele the
power of supplying ourselves with almost everything has
grown up, vying, in short, with Europe, in no small pan of
the useful arts, and possessing a vast and rapidly swelling
internal trade, in comporison with which our foreign shrinks
into insignificance: il, I say, to a people so situated, free
trade with Britain be so great a good, what is there in it
which should &o horribly frighten Texas1 If, nevertheless,
it is her pleasure, and that of her free trade friends, to be so
excessively discomposed, I think only a few plain considei-
ations are needed to set them at their ease. England, it well
appears, is not willing to contract towards 'Texas any re-
sponsibilities, either political or pecuniary. Of th<it the doc-
uments presented to us to prove these designs a'iord proof
enough, and though these papers are far from N"ir ~ such as
aie fit to be relied on for the affirmative question, where
they sustain the negative, surely they must be accepted.
Now, is it in the smallest degree likely that this great, far-
seeing power, the most eminently practical, the least vision-
ary that the world c\ er saw, can expect to reduce an Amei-
ican and an Anglo-Saxon republic to vassalage, by means of
a commercial treaty? How long, i it imposed any terms
oppressive ot Texas for the benefit of England, could it be
expected to last? She does not trust the uncer-
tain faith of Texas now, when she is weak, will it
be better when she has started up into the \igor
ol wealth, success, and populousness, all certain to
come about by the means lent, by the security and
confidence bestowed? Her colonies on our continent, al-
ready infected with radicalism, a;.d endangered by the de-
mocracy propagated from our shores, threaten every day to
fall offfrom her, are a burden rather than a benefit, and cost
her much more than they come to. "National pride alone in-
duces licr to ietym them, is she likely then to burn her fing-
eis with new depondeneies, planted by us, and reeking with
more than republicanism, more than democracy, with re-
pudiation/ Can she ts ust men filled with so many antipa-
thies to her institutions, or is it possible that anything short
of the last public distress can have induced Texas to cher-
ish, in any seriousness, theidea of coming under England's
monarchial rule' Sad as,in England, is the opinion, un-
justly, but somewhat naturally, entertained of even the best
of us, in what light, I pray you, must she look upon people
considered by her the winnowings which the fan of the
law has blow n from our land ?
But consider the broad eye of English policy is supposed
to see .every thing. Is it probable, then,*if she values her
West India possessions, that she w ill venture to place in
such domestic connection with them, a souico from which
will at once gush into them every idea most pernicious,
mostlatalto her pow er there? 1 can imagine no step more
certain speedily to snatch from her all that the Gulf wash-
es, or the waters of the Caribbean sea, instead of giving her
any more foothold on the mainland. These being the views
she must take, as to the question of her power merelv, w hat
will be those in which she must see the thing, as a question
of her trade? The advantages to be got. and those to be lost,
are here, it seems to me, easily measured: it is enough to say
that Texas presents to English industry,the mart of not above
200,000 inhabitants, m order to dissipate all this part of the
Texas theory forever. Will England quarrel with.the com-
merce of this country for that market, or such,a market? If
she makes a treaty with it, bestowing peculiar privileges,
what becomes of allhev ct nvei tiom with u*} stipulating
admission to our productions on" the same terms granted to
any other? Has she not like arrangements "with everybody
else? How*, then, will this idea of he*" extending to the lit-
tle people of Texas: peculiar privileges, hold .water for one
moment? . -
J have thus surveyed, Mr. President, the main, questions
of our competency to acquire yexas the manner proposed
—of her thus to dispose of herself—and of the form iis to
cither in which the thing is to be -done; together with the
most immediate points rising incidentally to these. 1 h^ve
shown that our former right to Texas is an error, and how
that error arose; that a long series of national acts, original-,
ly correct, and irreversible as long as we attempt to pre-
serve the slightest character as a people, utterly forbids us
to recur to that matter, except as an historical one; that
Texas can make Us no title to herself, not being mistress of
any thing but a -war, and a debt; and that these, and not Tex-
as, are all we shall take under this treaty, except as much
confusion and uproarat home as dishonor abroad." Let me
now come directly to what the treaty itself sets forth, and
what the accompanying pieces that form what we are allow*
ed to know ofits history, substantiate or betray.
By its title, it is a treaty for the annexation, not the union,
of the republic of Texas to that of the United States. Now,
what was to hinder it from being an annexation of the"
United States to Texas? Constitutionally, the one is as pos-
sible as the other, inasmuch as the people have not been
consulted about .either. If. her sovereignty (which is al-
leged by the fact of our entering into the act with her) can
be tlms extinguished, so, of course, can be ours; for a State
can but be sovereign. In the e.ye of right, its size can make
no difference; and.as we, not Texas, were the solicitors for
the amalgamation, I hold that it is rather we that should
have been annexed than Texas. I need hardly repeat that
as, in a republican government, the sovereignty is in the
body"of those who are citizens, not their mere representa-
tives exercising for them only a momentary and a dele-
gated power; nothing but.the collective will of that people,
deliberately given, and distinctly ascertained, could extin-
guish or alienate that sovereignty. To the reason given
some time back, I may add another: that it must be confess-
ed that a people it. always such when it chooses to be—has
always the right of being governed as it likes. It is clear,
therefore, that it cannot have conveyed away, what at its
pleasure it has given. But here impossibility lies upon im-
possibility. Texas could not give, we could not take her
sovereignty by means of a treaty; and if her people, eight
years ago, willed to unite her to us, that would not' autho-
rize the present act, for two overwhelming reasons: first,
because a past act, an act of last year only, an act of anoth-
er occasion, is not valid for any such purpose; and, second-
ly, because that act authorized a totally different thing,
namely, her union with us as a State, not her annexatipn
as a mere territory. Surely the high State-rights doctrina-
ries who aim at this thing, intent in 4a mos;t extraordinary
manner on their present object only, utterly/overlook con-
sequences not only fatal to tlicir own favorite opinions, but
really most formidable to the luture safety of all govern-
ment upon our present plans, with our intended limitations.
For surely a foreign State can claim nothing at the hands
of this government or confederation, to which, as a benefit,
our own would not be much better, or at least equally, enti-
tled. Suppose, then, one of our own States should, for some
reason or other,,desire to give up her sovereignty, like
Texas, for a price? Suppose Pennsylvania, with the'honor.
able purpose of paying her debts, should do it, we assum-
ing them? Or suppose, again, (whatl fear is much less
probable,) that the State of Mississippi were to make the
same proffer? Could this government buy them all out?
Why not? What should hinder it from lending them all
money, as an usurer does to young spendthrifts, takiug
mortgage after mortgage, until finally, eating them up with
interest, it foiecloses upon them, and buys them in? If it
can open a shaving shop for foreign sovereignties, surely it
can oblige a brother. If it can speculate in the foreign arti-
cle, surely it can deal in the domestic.
The pieamble proceeds to set forth that the treaty has
been concluded m conformity with the almost unanimous
vote of Texas, at the adoption of her constitution, (1836,)
and her present equally unanimous wish. Now, i have al-
ready shown that, at best, the first fact was of no import;
thc-t further, it was untrue; and it is notorious that the sec-
ond assertion is a mere assumption; about as valid, for a
high and authentic purpose like this, "as it would be for an
election of our chief magistrate under the forms of the con-
stitution, to say that John Tylei is elected, because John
Jones and two princely youths asseverate, all the while,
that he is. the people's undivided choice. But again, all
this, as a statement of the motives of the treaty, is false, be-
cause, even to Texas, the motives of to-day are not those of
1836, when her purpose was entirelv different; while the
pretences now set up on our part had then never been
imagined even.
As if the mere reiteration of what is false could make it
true, the 1st article of the treaty goes on to reaffirm all these
tilings, as thus- "The republic ot Texas, acting in conform-
ity with the wishes of the people, and of every department
of its government, cedes to the United States all its sover-
eignties. to oe held by them m full and propersoveieignty.*'
As heie, however, with a growing confidence in itself, as-
sertion" takes a fuller suing, let us see precisely what this
comes to. The "republic of Texas," as thus conveyed to
us, includes all between our borders and the Rio Grar.de.
These limits embrace Mexican provinces, of which the
Senator from Missouri has given a skilful and accurate
account, with his well known and accustomed ability.
According to the memoir embraced m the official docu-
ments of the treaty they contain a population of probably
some 300,000 souls, in addition to that of Texas proper.
The latter is estimated at from 100.000 to 500,000; but at the
former number by their ow n envoy, General Hunt, in 1S37.
Now. putting aside, as lost in this bolder stretch of false
asseveration , the plaint fact, that Texas herself has not
assented to such a treaty, wlip* have we here? Has Tamau-
lipas, or Coahuila. or Chiahue:iua, or the Eutaw Band, been
consulted? As for New Mexico, her accession to'the sur-
render must be presumed to have ben signified to that
admirable combination of \s ar,-traffic. and diplomacy, the
Santa Ke expedition; for that is well known to be the l&Usl
