CONGRESSIONAL (SLOBE.
stated the reforms they wished to introduce, and he
was glad to see many of them incorporated in this
bill. Should they all be introduced, and the banks
be as well guarded as the banks of Ohio, he should
have no objections to the bill. Mr. D. then wenton
to reply to the remarks of Mr. Causin of yesterday,
and attributed their tone and temper to the chagrin
which the gentleman and his friends felt at the har-
mony and union of the democratic party, which had
been effected by the nominations at Baltimore, and
the enthusiasm with which these nominations were
received throughout the country. In these nomina-
tions, and the spirit in which they were received,
the gentlemen saw the downfall of their hopes, and
hence the long faces they exhibited. Mr. D., in
the course of his remarks, exhibited a portrait which
he characterized a3 a fair sample of the care-worn
countenances of his whig friends, and proceeded to
give an anatomical explanation of the effects which
grief and surprise would produce on the human
countenance. Before concluding his remarks, the
Chairman's hammer fell, announcing that his hour
had expired.
The question coming up on the amendment of
Mr. Pratt, which was offered yesterday as an
amendment to the amendment of Mr. Tucker,
Mr. SAUNDERS observed that he wished to of-
fer an amendment, which, under the parliamentary
rule, would have preference over an amendment
striking out the bill, it being an amendment to make
the bill more perfect. Mr. S. then moved to amend
the 1st section by striking out the year 1854, and
inserting the year 1847, for the duration of the
charters.
Mr. DANA moved to amend that amendment
by inserting 1846 instead of 1847. Rejected.
Mr. McKAY then moved to amend Mr. Saun-
ders's amendment by substituting 1845 for 1847.
This was also rejected; and
The amendment of Mr. Saunders was agreed to.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to amend the 1st
section by striking out the Farmers and Mechan-
ics bank of Georgetown, and called for the reading
of the report showing the condition of that bank.
This amendment was rejected—ayes 60, noes 69.
Mr. HUNGERFORD moved to strike out the
Patriotic Bank, the Bank of Washington, and the
Bank of Potomac; which motion was also rejected.
Mr. JONES of Tennessee believing there was no
soundness in any of these banks, moved to strike
out the Bank of the Metropolis, which he believed
to be as rotten as any of them. This motion was
also rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Pratt's
amendment, (striking out the whole bill, and insert-
ing as a substitute, a bill establishing a system of
free banking, on the plan of the New York banks.)
This amendment was rejected.
The question was taken on Mr. Tucker's amend-
ment, which proposed to strike out the whole bill
and insert a substitute; and it was rejected without
a division.
Mr. G. W. JONES offered an amendment giving
the righfto any note holders to examine into the con-
dition of the banks. This was rejected.
Mr. J. A. WRIGHT offered an amendment re-
quiring the banks to report to Congress, on the 1st
day of January of each year, the indebtedness of
member of Congress to them.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend-
ment also, by requiring them to report the names
of members of Congress to whom they refuse loans.
This being agreed to,
On the adoption of the amendment as amended
tellers were called for, and Messrs. Burke and Mc-
Clernand were appointed; and they reported CO in
the affirmative, and 69 in the negative.
So the amendment as amended was rejected.
Another amendment was proposed to make it ob-
ligatory on the president of the bank to report to
Congress, at the commencement of each session,
the names of such members of Congress as may
have negotiated loans and discounts during the pre-
ceding year, and the amount thereof.
On tins amendment the vote was taken by
Messrs. Hardin and Houston tellers; who reported
63 in the affirmative, and 69 in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. THOMPSON moved to amend by striking
out the figures 50 and inserting 46, in the clause
which prescribed that if these banking companies
did not choose to accept- the charter given them by
this bill, they should retain their corporate^ privi-
leges for the purpose of winding up their a flair* to
the year 1850. The amendment proposed to give
them to the 4th of July, 1846, only.
The amendment was rejected—49 voting in the
affimative, and 54 in the negative.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to make it "1847;" and
having withdrawn that amendment, it was renewed-
in another quarter, and agreed to—63 voting in the
affirmative, and 61 in the negative.
Mr. TUCKER moved to add the words "and
only" after the word "sole''' in the clause which per-
mitted the banks, in a certain contingency, to hold
their corporate privileges to the year 1847, so that
they should be held for the "sole and only" purpose
of winding up their affairs. The amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. McDO WELL proposed an amendment which
was negatived. He then proposed one to make an
appropriation of the property of the bank by its
officers to their own uses a penal offence, punisha-
ble by imprisonment not exceeding five years, nor
less than one. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOWELL having proposed other amend-
ments, and they having been rejected, he proposed
one to limit the paper issues of the banks to the
amount of their paid-up capital, and to require them
to have in their vaults gold in proportion to their
issues, of one dollar in gold for every three dollars of
paper issues.
Various amendments to the amendment were pro-
posed, and negatived; and then the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMES offered an amendment to prohibit
any of these banks paying out any notes other than
its own.
The amendment was rejected.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill to
the House; and it took its place on the calendar.
PRIVATE LETTER EXPRESSES.
On the motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Dromgooi.e in the chair.)
and took up the bill No. 290, being a bill amending
the laws relating to the Post Office Department; and
it was read through all its clauses by the Clerk.
Mr. DANA moved that this bill be laid aside;
and that the committee take up the Senate bill on
the same subject.
Mr. HOPKINS observed that the committee had
agreed, by vote, to take up this bill; and he hoped it
would not he laid aside.
Mr. ADAMS was in favor of the motion of the
gentleman from New York.
The debate was continued Messrs. CLINGMAN,
P. KING, HAMLIN, and SAMPLE.
Mr. HALE said it appeared, by the report of the
Post Office Committee, that the revenue of that de-
partment for the year ending June 30, 1840, was
£4,539,265; for the last year it was $4,295,925; and
that for the present year it will not be more than
$3,995,925. The number of letters transmitted
through the mail in the year ending June 30, 1840,
was 27,535,554. The annual number now reported
to be in circulation is 24,267,552.
Here we have the extraordinary spectacle of all
branches of industry and departments of business
reviving and increasing, yet the number of letters
transmitted through the mail, and the amount of
postage received therefor, is decreasing. The Post
Office Committee, m view of these facts, in their re-
port inform us, and with great truth and propriety,
that "events are in progress of fatal tendency to the
Post Office Department; and its decay has com-
menced."
Now, what do the Post Office Committee recom-
mend? With great deference to that committee, it
appears to me that they have altogether mistaken
the nature of the evil; and, by consequence, propose
an inadequate and improper remedy, and one not at
all calculated to alleviate, much less cure the evil.
The committee recommend vigorous legislation,
pains and penalties, as if they could afford a sover-
eign remedy.
Now, Mr. Chairman, J undertake to say that if
the action proposed by the Post Office Committee be
adopted by this House, and the relief asleep for be
withheld, instead of putting down, you will increase
the private expresses; and ten will spring up where
there now is only one. The difficulty lies deeper
than some gentlemen seem to imagine. It is in this:
The system, as at present conducted, with its pres-
ent high rates of postage, does not commend itself to
the favorable consideration of the people. Instead
of looking upon it as intended for their benefit and
accommodation, they look upon it with jealousy and
distrust, and regard it as a monopoly, gathering its •
unequal exactions from those channels which afford
the only medium of communication which is left for
the affections of kindred hearts, when once separa-
ted. It is to counteract this state of things, and pre-
sent this department to the country in a position
commending itself to their judgments. and their
hearts, that we should now exert ourselves. Will
penal enactments effect this? No, sir; no. Far dif-
ferent from this must be our course, if we would
attain the object which all profess to desire. The
honorable gentleman from Indiana says that this
call for reform does not come from the people of the
country, and the sparse settlements of the West,
but from the large cities.
Sir, the honorable gentleman is very much mista-
ken in this; he altogether misapprehends the charac-
ter of those who complain of the grievances of the
present high rates of postage. One single fact, com-
municated to me as coming from an overseer of a
single factory in England, will show what class has
reaped the benefit of the postage reform m that
country. He stated that, before the reduced rates
of postage were established there, not more than ten
letters weekly were received by all the operatives in
the establishment; but immediately after the re-
duced rates were established, the letters continually
increased, till, at the end of three years, the number
received each week amounted to one thousand. The
inhabitants of the cities do not feel this burden, and
consequently do not ask for relief. They have, by
means of the constant passage of railroad cars and
steamboats from one to another, with the great num-
ber of their acquaintances as passengers, means of
evading the laws, which they improve, and will im-
prove, notwithstanding all your prohibitions, which
the people of the country do not enjoy.
It is the humble poor, whom necessity drives
from the parental roof and the domestic fireside, to
seek employment in some manufacturing establish-
ment, or perhaps to find in some of the sparse settle-
ments of the West, of which the gentleman speaks,
a new home, where the hand of honest industry
may find a more abundant reward, and the vigorous
hand of the young may prepare, beyond the Alle-
ghanies, a comfortable abode for the infirm and
aged parents left behind. This is the class who feel
the burdens of the present rates of postage, and ask
for relief at our hands. And, sir, the appeal is now
made to us if we will continue inexorably to exact
an exorbitant tariff in the form of our present
high postages upon this exchange of the affections—
this commerce of the heart.
Let us not subject ourselves to the imputation of
giving "stones for bread, and scorpions for fish."
Mr. Chairman, as the committee seem impatient, I
will not detain them, though I believe that the ques-
tion involved in this bill is one of the most impor-
tant which has been presented to the consideration
of the present Congress—one upon which the public
mind is deeply moved, and one upon which the peo-
ple will soon speak so plainly that they will be
heard. They do not understand why the people
of England shall have the privilege of sending a let-
ter the whole length of the kingdom for two "cents,
and they be charged, as they are at present in some
instances, twelve hundred per cent, on that sum. I
might go on and show that the rates of postage pro-
posed by the Senate bill will not reduce, but m a
short time increase, the revenues of the department.
I will not further trespass on the time of the com-
mittee, but close with the expression of the hope
that the motion of the gentleman from New York
will prevail, and the Senate bill be taken up and
Mr. HOPKINS, in reply, said, so long as that
system of smuggling was tolerated for the benefit of
those residing in cities, it would be impossible that a
reduction of postage could be effected for the benefit
of the poorer classes, of whom the gentleman from
New Hampshire professed to be the peculiar cham-
pion. Before touching the rates of postage, they
ought to ascertain exactly what the extent of the ser-
vice was to be. There were petitions in favor of a
reduction of postage; but whence did they proceed?
From cities and the neighborhood of railroads.
They did not express the public sentiment. A re-
duction of postages would have the effect of incapa-
citating the department from rendering that service
to the whole community for which it was designed.
Mr. WINTHROP made some remarks in reply
to the gentleman from Virginia. He was in favor
of taking up the Senate bill.
Mr. PATTERSON said he would like to know
if the committee intended to bring forward any bill
