6§6;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juiie, 1844.
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Jarnagin.
Senate,
consultation held with that part of the republic. • I should
not have suspected, from Mr. Kendall's account, that such
was precisely the result of the colloquies with that gentle
republican, Governor Armijo. Here, then, it strikes me,
must be said to be from three-fifths to three-fourths of the
"republic." as we get it, who cannot even- be pretended to
have been even consulted as to this cession; for these are
provinces thathave never taken any voice in the affairs of
Texas, for the very simple reason, that neither .voluntarily
nor by compulsion did.they ever submit to her sway, or
join in her institutions.
Then follows a long inventory of mnny airy public chat-
tels, which we shall no doubt take, when we find them.
They sound very much like the enumeration of weapons in
an indictment for assault and battery, where, from the abun-
dant cautfoH of the law, almost every thin?—as sticks, stones,
staves, and other implements of harm—is declared to have
been employed, and in fact every thing which it is possible
to beat a man. "All public lots and squares, vacant lands,
mines, minerals, salt lakes and springs, public edifices, forti-
cations, barracks, ports and harbors, navy and navy yards,
docks, magazines, arms, armaments, and accoutrements, ar-
chives and public documents, public funds, debts, taxes, and
dues unpaid atthetiwie of the exchange of the ratifications of
this treatyAll this looks, a great deal more like what a na-
tion should and' might have, than any thing that Texas pos-
sesses. There are saiato be marriage contracts, in which the
bride, though.as poor as the beggar's maid that King Caphitua
loved'and dressed oft in borrowed clothes, has castles, hunt-
ing-lodges, villas and hotels, with a long rent-roll, all in
imaginary lands and visionary cities only. It is fit that the
bride and the nation should be supposed to have these
things,-whether she have them or not; they are for her
beauty,or her dignity. 1 fear that, in his pompous-schedule,
the only part we shall ever icalize is the last, a very solid
body ol that sort of public w ealth which is u*sually called
indebtedness, and a very plentiful lack of anything to pay it
with. Of "lots and squares'' there may be lots, but in
towns little more than ideal. The mines and minerals have
not yet been worked, through the omission or casualty of
not being yet discovered; or if any exist, they are surely
those of New Mexico, from which the ingots Jiy, by some
strange attraction, into a very different treasury. There
may be in-Texas a "salt-river," but I have never heard of
her Salt lakes. As to her "public edifices, fortifications,
barracks, ports, and harbors, navy and navy-yards, docks,
magazines, arms, armaments, and acoourrements," that fig-
ure here in architectural splendor, or make up the "pride,
pomp, and circumstance ofglorious war," these are surely
put in for the flourish. Now, God forbid that I should
laugh at honorable poverty, national or individual. That
of Texas is not so. Let her repudiated bonds, let the un-
fortunate difficulty into which she has plunged a biave
and honorable South Carolinian, to whom she owes still
more in gratitude than in money, tell that tale. Is it. at
any event, when she is driving a bargain, that this long dis*
play of titular possessions can be fairly made1 "Would not
the plain words, all "her public property and domain" have
been equally determinate and far more modest'* And why'
this long enumeration, unless to catch the populai fancy?
The next article provides for erecting Texas into a State
as soon as maybe consistent with the principles of the fed-
eral constitution. In this article lies one of the grand frauds
ol the whole transaction, as every body knows. It is a
shallow and a shameless evasion of the difficulties known to
attend the bringing her in by treaty as -a State, a sovereign-
ty. To avoid these, the name, not the thing, is changed,
and onedialf the matter only is openly done at present, but
with a care so to stipulate it in this article, that the faith of
treaties may be invoked in lavor of the very fraud of a trea-
ty, "as soon as maybe consistent with the constitution!"
Need I say, sir, that the benefit of this piovision may be
claimed the instant you ratify this treaty? The population
of Texas would already entitle her to one iepiesentalive in
the other Houee, and that is the first and main condition to
the right of being admitted. Nor was this political evasion
the only one meant. Another, fully as important-in the
view of a great part of this body, of Congress, and of the
nation, was to be accomplished—the admission, not only of
a foreign State into this' Union, but that of a foreign slave
Mate. T© the latter, it was felt that insuperable objections
of feeling lay, in addition to those of constitutionality But,
as now done, the constitutional bar is to be got o\ ei by her
consenting for a moment to be called a temior); while the
slave question is silently passed over by the same means.
Here, sir, are some 25,000 slaves imported by a treaty, avast
and wholesale operation, such as even Cuba and Brazil
never witnessed, and as utterly against our subsisting laws,
utterly beyond any warrant to the treaty-making power.
So I must beg leate to add another clause to my enumera-
tion of points which prove this treaty an original nullity,
and no treaty at all.
Both these, sir, are abominable and dangerous frauds upon
tiie constitution, upon the people, and against the future
peace of the Union, alieady abundantly put in jeopardy by
question*" of this sort. Asa southern man, the citizen of
a State, whose present safety demands that all the public
and national guaranties be strictly preserved, and maintain-
ed to oui subsisting interests oftnis soit;as the public agent
of such a community, I will do all that I can to see that no
injurious hand shall be laid upon rights within this nation,
to which every part of n is faithfully pledged. But, sir, I
should not seek—the wisely modeiate State to which I be-
long will not seek—any thing beyond our present good se-
curities, far more likely to suffer, than to gain, from any
rash disturbance of them, under the hazardous idea of ex-
tending thein. Pray let us hold on to what we justly have,
and not drop it to catch a shadow. If we can break through
the constitution to extend slavery, how are we to expect
that like breaches will not be made to subvert it? This
scheme is one directly and violently to raise up a new agi-
tation, that will not fail, and (I say it with a solemn repug-
nance) is but too probably meant to exasperate the head-
strong and the extreme, in opposite quarters of the confede-
racy, to rush into speedy disunion.
I would not, in a word, Mi. President, seek to extend sla-
very, even by fair means ^ I know of none, but the assent of
the common body of parties to. our contract with each oth-
er. Of these parties, nothing like this can be asked with
any probability of success, nor ever without an adverse prob- j
ability of awakening resentments, distractions, fat- beyond
any good to be accomplished. If, from prudence and for
peace, I would not now attempt such a thing even fairly, it
may be judged with what alarm as well as horror I recoil
from the thought of a fraud like this, aggravating even-
mischief a hundred-fold, and complicating impolicy with
dishonor.
The next article secures all land claims v$lid under the
laws of Texas. Of course, if, in the event it should prove
to be true, (as it no^doubt is to a large extent,) that Texas
has, for consideration received, granted her whole public
domain- twice over, we shall be bound in equity to the
claimants, (now our citizens,) and to her acts, (how our
own,) to make good any deficiency; and thus may have to
piece out her exhausted soil with a broad parcel of our own,
perhaps as Targe as the' real Texas herself.
The next provides, substantially, that we shall give back
to Texas what she, appaiefttly, has never given to herself—
every sixteenth section of the public lands, for purposes of
education; that is, one-sixteenth of her entire soil is to re-
vert to her, or an equivalent somewhere else.
The next article assumes all the debts and liabilities of
Texas, however created. I have already shown that, with
or without any assumption, we became liable for all her en-
gagements, when we took her sovereignty; and that the
faith she has violated binds us just as much as that she
meant to keep. Not only her acknowledged, but her repu-
diated debts, then, are to he paid, and the veiy stock which
she has created and sold at, perhaps, but a fifth, or a tenth,
of the value expressed on its face, is to be redeemed at par,
with an interest of; eight or ten percent. If this provision
of the treaty- is iatifie.1 here, I think I may then proposcan
appropriation to erect, in congenial brass, a great and eter-
nal monument to the anti-assumptionist States And party,'
that hold it constitutional to assume the debts of a foreign
State, but not of our own. High on its glittering sides
shall shine many a lofty name of southern strict construc-
tionists. The Secretary ol State shall top the eminence, as *
the acknowledged chief, of all interpreters. At his feet
shall blaze the titles of the senator from SO nth Carolina,
and of the fervid anti-assumptionist of Mississippi, whose
State- herself will merit the peculiar distinction of being
much readier to pay the debts of Texas than her own A
little lower, but somewhat emulous of her honors, must be
emblazoned the  amcs of Illinois and Pennsylvania, and
their senators. Alabama and Arkansas, if not quite so high,
will still be eminent. The New Hampshire senator, now
the sole surviving "northern man with southern principles,"
shall take to himself that side of this political mausoleum
which looks northward. Those votaries of strict construc-
tion—those apostles of anti-assumption—John Jones,Thom-
as Ritchie, and lie of the Charleston Mercury, shall daily,
at noon and eve, lead a devout band of innocent > ouths of
party, and virgins of the press, to strew flowers aboutit,and
to hang around the garlands of their praise.
I should like, had I time, to inquire into the peculiar
causes (unexplained in even that lucid body of papers, call-
ed the documents,) which have led to the selection of a
single gentleman to be introduced by name into the benefits
of the treaty, to the pretty little tune of $250,000. "What
peculiar merits of Mr. Frederick Dawson, of Baltimore,
have placed him so far above all other creditors of Texas, I
cannot stay to able; though I should be glad the Semte
knew.
The 6th article, besides settling the forms, &c, under
which liabilities are to be ascertained, piovide* also, with
gicat discretion, how they shall be repudiated. By one gen-
eral and positive provision, all the contracts of Texas, as to
the rate of interest on her debt, are set aside, and their
evidences, after being ascertained, replaced by United
States bonds at 3 per cent per annum. But their present
stipulated rate, as declared by the statement of Messrs.
Van Zandt and Henderson, is 10. A nice little repudiation
this, of oaly 66 2-3 percent, on the interest. Then, on the
principal—if the entire amount now in existence is found to
exceed 10,000,000, the claims are all to be rateably reduced
within that amount. Thus, our government is, beyond all
doubt, making itself directly a party to an imperative repu-
diation of interest, and a contingent sponging of principal.
All this, as I have said, is for debts that become our own, if
we merge the national existence of Texas in ourj. Bufore
that act. how can we s>et aside her contracts with other par-
ties ? We had surely no power over them. Jt is only by as-
suming them that we culd take any &ort of light over them.
The repudiation, then. K ours, not hers; and the more plain-
ly, because sh«: abandons to us all interest in the fund, (the
land sales,) out of which they are to be paid: so that it is
for our profit alone that the repudiation is to be made.
By the next article, the existing legislative authorities of
Texas, her executive and administration, are abolished and
overthrown, her army ceases to exist, and her .fleet, that
was sold under the hammer, ceases: nothing is left of them:
all is stricken out of being but her judicial officers and the
subordinate executive ones. It is, I presume, not pretended
that the government oi Texas is to be made to cease at the
\idding of the executive and senate offhis country. I have
show that there was no act of her people that can seriously
be pretended to have set her high functionaries aside: it can
then oul> be their own pow pr and discretion that has thus
terminated their functions m their own persons, and trans-
ferred those functions to the disposal of the United States,
and annulled the constitution of Texas, that they were
sworn to support. If all this is legitimate, valid, on one
side, so in it on the other; and we may, therefore, thank our
stars if it proves to be Texas, not ourselves, which was
thus extinguished Neither government possesses any
such revolutionary powers: neither can subvert, annihilate,
transfer itself, by functionaries of constitutional govern-
ment created for different purposes
Attached directly to the treaty, the main features of which
I have thus surveyed, comes a document from the Texian
plenipotentiaries, meant to show the power their people had
given thus to annex Texas It only shows the very reverse,
inasmuck as it exhibits an authority for a different thing,
upon a former occasion, as I have already said. That au-
thority, to the whole extent given, ceased with the failure
and the abandonment of the effort made under it to procure
from Mr. Van Buren's administration a union between this
country and Texas in 1837. In lieu of such a popular au-
thority, however, it offers the personal assurances of the
plenipotentiaries that they have "the most abiding confi-
dence that, should' the annexation be consummated,' the
same will receive the hearty afid full concurrence-of the
people of Texas.'' This,- then, is all we have-for the thing.
The plenipotentiaries next furnish statements of the ex-
tent of the grants made of their public, domain, and of the
condition of their treasury  Of the former of these, it is
sufficient to say that it is only v agilely- described as a "late
report of the commissioner of their land office," and was
i eally made in 1841, It c annot, -then, be in the slightest .de-
gree depended on. But, besides, a glance at the most recent
maps (the last of Mitchell's) will show that vast grants cov-
- er the whole surface of Texas. Those are laict down -fcpon
it, like the names of counties on our State maps, and equally
servb to designate territorially'the whole soil. Besides
these, there are great bodies of floating grants and loans, re-
deemable at the option of the holder, m lands to be. chosen
by him. Such is, in general, I apprehend, the real condi-
tion of their public lands.
The treasury statement is equally delusive. That which
is furnished is only to the ye^r 1840; for its date is of the
12th January, 1841. This evidently relates only to their
acknowledged debts. The repudiated are left out of view,
and also the issues, said by well-informed people to have
been made, and put inte market for just what they would
bring, with scarcely a record kept in their treasur)* of such
emissions ' From the character of many of their functiona-
ries, few doubt that the loosest .possible administration of
their pecuniary affairs has generally prevailed. Certainly,
the plenipotentiaries say that "it is known" that since "the
above date, the revenues of the government have nearly
equalled expenditures; so that the debt has not materially
increased; but it is notorious that, until the present annexa-
tion speculation began, Texas scrip was from 3 to 7 cents in
the dollar, and that their navy • was latterly sold under exe-
cution—facts a little decisive, I take it, but even less sig-
nificant than the following very frank or very unguarded
avowal, let out in this very document, intended to exhibit to
advantage the state of their finances. Speaking of the"
treasury report, above citedv (for 1840,) the plenipotentia-
' ries say: "Since the date above referred to, no further gen-
eral estimate (of their debts) has been made at the Treasury
Department." These are their own words; and I ask any
man to figure to himself, if he can, the state of a treasury
in which, for more than three years, not an estimate even
has been attempted of its liabilities !
Let me now, from these main papers, turn at once (for I
must hasten forward) to the message itself which conveyed
them to us, sift the rights which it alleges, the State reasons
which it sets forth, and compare it with the further series
of official or other papers, which make up the history of
this negotiation.
The President, of course, sets up the independence of
Texas as so established as to warrant our acting as if the
struggle between her and Mexico was at an end. He relies
for his justification partly on the length of the contest,
partly on the failure of Mexico since 1336 to attempt the re-
conquest with any serious mass of force; yet, further, on
the recognition,.by various great powers, of Texas as an
independent government: - then, again, on the inhuman
character which the conflict has assumed; and' lastly, on
the political necessity imposed upon us .by a design, in
which he considers England busy, to subvert our slave in-
stitution, by means of brifiging about emancipation in
Texas. I need scarcely say that if the last is a sincere mo-
tive, or real justification, it js of a nature so preponderating
as to reduce the others to insignificance, or cast upon them
strong suspicion of being employed merely to palliate the
wrong upon which that necessity forces us. Nevertheless,
I will consider these several points according to their order,
not their importance.
As to the question of the independence of Texas, a few
plain principles of common sense can settle that, without
any reference to treaties or national law.
When the revolt of a country, heretofore dependent,
takes a more settled form, by its establishing a provisional
government of its own, other nations do not abandon their
neutrality towards the government from which the insur-
gents have broken off, by merely recognising these last as
forming a distinct people, when they seem fairly to have
rendered themselves so Neveptheless, a neutral must, of
course, confine herself to peaceful acts, strictly, as long as
the contest really is such To supply either party, by pub-
lic means, \tfith troops, or ships, or arms, or subsidies, is an
abandonment of neutrality; and so is it equally, to obtain of
either that which is in dispute between them. Precisely in
conformity with these principles was the conduct of the
Van Buren administration in 18S7, when Texas (after our
recognition of her independence, so far as we were con-
cerned, so.faras we could do it inoffensively towards Mexi-
co) solicited a union with us. The Secretary of State then
said, on the part of our government:
"In determining with respect to the independence of other
countries, the United States have never taken the question
of right between the contending parties into consideration. '
They have deemed it a dictate of duty and policy to decide
upon the question as one of fact merely. Tiiis was the
course pursued with respect to Mexico herself. It was ad-
hered to when analagous events rendered it proper to inves-
tigate the question of Texian independence."
And a little further on he says:
' So long a  Texas shall remain at war, while the United
State* are at peace with her adversary, the proposition of
the Texian minister plenipotentiary necessarily involves
the question of war with that adversary."
Of like effect, and of authority in some respects still high-
er. are the following sentences from the message, about the
same time, of a distinguished governor of South Carolina,
General McDuffie. a near kinsman of the honorable senator,
though of very different politics. Speaking of the intention
of Texas to apply for admission into this confederacy, he
says:
"In my opinion, Congress ought not even to entertain
such a proposition, in the present state of the controversy.
If we admit Texas into our Union while Mexico is still
waging war against thet province, with a view to re-estab-
lish her supremacy over it, we shall, by the very act itself,
make ourselves a party to the war. Nor can we take this
step without incurring tfcis heavy responsibility, until
