JuAe, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Jarnagin.
Seifate!
Mexico herself shall recognise the independence of her re-
volted province."
Again, a little later, what said the envoy of Texas herself,
when moving this question a second time, in 1842? -The
words, considering the importance of the subject, and .that
this was its opening, can pass for nothing short of those of
Texas herself. Mr. Van Zandt writes, on the 14th Decem-
ber, 1842, to our Secretaiy of State, to urge an interposition
to stop the war by receiving Texas into the Unioji, and
says, distinctly:
"If Mexico believes herself able to resubjugate Texas,
her.right to make the eftoit will not be denied,"&c.—(Senate
Doc. 341, p. 17.)
This plain principle Mr. Webster copies almost literally .
into the interposition which he accordingly, on the 31st
January following, addresses to Mexico: -
"Mexico has an undoubted right to subjugate Texas, if
she can, so far as other States are concerned, by the com-'
mon and lawful means of war."—(Same doc., p. 70.)
In conformity with thtese same plain facts and principles,
Mr. Thompson, our envoy, thus repledges. to Mexico, on
the 14th March following, our observance of the" duties of
a neutral:
"In obedience to your instructions, I then alluded, in the
most friendly and respectful terms, to the character of the
war now going on between Mexico and Texas, &nd told
him (Santa Anna) that, whilst our government was deter-
mined to observe the strictest neutrality in that war, it felt
that it-was its duty to remonstrate, in the most respectful
manner, with both governments, against predatory forays,
really not War, which were now made by both Mexico and
Texas," &c.
Finally, the present Secretary of State, in his letter of
April 18th, (sanie.document, p. 50,) to the British minister,
directly admits, everything in the following avowal, (p. 51:)
"It is true the United Stales, at an early period, recognised 1
the independence of Texas; but, in doing so, it is well-known
that they acted but in conformity with an established prin-
ciple to recognise the government de factor
The recognition, then, as Mr. Forsyth said, did not enter
into any question of right, and, as thus limited, bound us ne-
cessarily to the observance of every neutral duty, until that
question had been settled between th£ parties to-it; while, on
the other hand, it implied, of course, nothing unfriendly to
Mexico. The distinguished senator from Pennsylvania,
who has lately taken a prominent part in this matter, was
therefore wrong when he resisted in this body even the'
mere recognition of the independence of Texas, as likely to
engage us in war with Mexico, and to involve us in national
suspicion; for'neither of these facts would have followed.a
mere' recognition, as long " as we went no further. Mr.
Buchanan then said, by way of objection to the bare recog-
nition:
"We can never, with any proper regard for the welfare of
our constituents, devote their energies "and their resources
to the cause of planting and sustaining free institutions
among the people of other nations."
Afain, he said, on the same subject:
"But let us not, by departing from our.settled policy, give
j Ue to the suspicion that we have got up a war for the pur-
pose of wresting Texas from those to whom, under the faith
of treaties, it justly belongs. Since the treaty of 1819 with
Spain, there can no longer be any doubt but that this prov-
ince is a part of Mexico.^.
The citations which I have made from our own high official
acts, from'a series of declarations addressed either directly
to Mexico herself, or, when to her opponent, none the less
pledges to Mexico than repulses to Texas, show beyond dis-
pute, that when, in last -November, her envoy put m a pro-
test against all that the executive was then preparing, and
all that he has since accomplished in this treaty, Mex-
ico but repeated to us our own language, but re-
called to us our own pledges to her and the
world. We had proclaimed, again and again, in
solemn and decisive forms, that we could-not incorporate
Texas, (the war yet pending between her and Mexico,.)
without utter breach of national faith—without making
ourselves directly a party to that war. When, therefore,
an administration was found abandoned enough to occupy
itself with violating ail these duties, so often' recognised—
all these pledges, so often given—what could Mexico, for
purposes of justice, do more rightful, or what, for purposes
of peace, more necessary, than to give us. the notice of the
consequences authoiized by all international law, and as
clearly authorized by *o many voluntary pledges of our
own? She protected then; and how was that protest re-
ceived' As nothing short of an insult >nd a threat. With
a singular mixiure of audacity and fraud, the executive,
through the head of the State Department, turned -this per-
fectly 'legitimate and even necessary noticc into a pretended
offent e. and made the simulated wound of its dignity and
honor a picteyt for the refusal of all peaceful and proper
assurances. Busily engaged all the while (as we now
know) in finding the means of carrying into effect, by sur-
prise, against our own people as well as Mexico, this per-
fidious plan, all the indignation of outraged integrity, all
the sensibility of stainless tiuth, were assumed, to cover
the trickery until its moment of calculated success, and
double its turpitude with this insolent affectation of af-
ironted virtue.
Nor were our pledges confined to mere words, however
solemn—to declarations, however sacredly binding: \\ e car-
ried into an act of the highest nature as a tie, a bond of faith
stiil more peculiar We put in our mediation, as a friendly,
an impartial, and a humane pow er, to stay the strife on foot,
to bring it to a safe and honorable conclusion for both par-
ties; and it is wliile the matter has thus stood suspended in
part by our intercession—while Mexico,"ti us ting to our hon-
or, which should always be a safe reliance,excha nges arms for
negotiation—that our President secretly sets on foot a traffic
with her opponent, and presently, when the bargain is made,
alleges for our justification that very truce which had been
granted, in part, at our intervention! Sir. a more infamous
fraud, under the mask of amity, was never committed.
Could we sanction it lieie, the name of "Punic faith,'" so
long the by-word of the earth, or Ligurian or Nujnjdian du-
plicity, so much .the transmitted abhorrence of mankind,
wherever not mere oath breakers, will grow honorable and
fair beside our own: for this, Pinsist, is a crime without even'
a single bad example of other nations, of its-kind, to counte-
nance it, to keep company, with it in ignominious fellow-
ship. Not even in Texan breasts does the dishonest thought
of such villanous collusion seem to have entered, but by
suggestion from our State Department. It is thence that the
lesson of iniquity is darkly bfbathed through Mr. Murphy
into President Houston's ear, in the execrable exhortation
which may be found in the despatch of January 16, (Doc.
341, p. 47.) It is in the following strain that those speaking
in the name of this country, after drawing the parties into
,an armistice, endeavor to work one of them up to making
the very negotiation we have meditated, an utter fraud for
our benefit:
"The pending negotiation with Mexico ought not to pre-
sent any difficulty, unless Texas is prepared to go back again
under the dominion of that power. As it is certain she will
not consent to this, under any possible circumstances, the
result of that negotiation cannot affect unfavorably the prop-
osition of annexation to this country. If Mexico should ac-
knowledge the independence of Texas, then Texas will have
an undisputed right to dispose of herself as she pleases, and
if Mexico should refuse that acknowledgement, Texas will
the more need the protection which the United States now
offers. She can require nothing more, in this last event,
than that the United States shall take upon themselves the
adjustment of her difficulties with Mexico."
In every mediation, the powers interposing their good
offices can surely be held to nothing less than a pledge to
each of the parties, that the mediator believes both sincere
in their intentions, and that the mediation shall not be
turned into a fraud upon either. Not a little, indeed, is the
mediator bound, should fraud ensue, to aid in punishing the
party so abusing the good office done. If, as in this case,
there be several mediators, then all of these are bound to a
mutual enforcement of. good faith, and to sustain against
any serious wrong the party made to suffer bypeifidyin
the negotiation. Such is the position, as full of danger as
disgrace, in which the executive has ventured to place us.
Wc, one of the mediators, are found contriving the ruin of
one of the parties, and for this purpose persuading the other
not to regard the negotiation on foot; telling him that it
cannot possibly come to anything—that he can't be worsted,
therefore, and may be bettered, by conducting it without
any sincerity.
Nor, in the shameful management of this business, has
the dignity, the self-respect of our country been less prosti-
tuted than its morality. Mark the despicable wheedling
with which the executive approaches the government of
Texas!—the cringes, the congees, the coaxings, with which,
we are made to seek to propitiate its favors! Hear how our
government is made to whine and supplicate:
"The failure of the proposition heretofore made by Texas
for admission into ourUnion should not be allowed to in-
fluence her present course. At that time, the question was
not understood in this country. It had not been canvossed,
even by leading politicians, much less by the people at
large, and the consequences dependent upon it were not
then developed as they now are. If the proposition couid
have been placed at any time in the light in which it is now
seen, there would have been no hesitation on the subject.
Indeed, it was then regarded father as-a question of time
than anything else; for 1 am well assured that a majority
of the people of this country have always considered the.
annexation of Texas to their territory as an event that must
happen, sooner or later. At allevents.no othc«.* que&tion
can grow out of the failure of the first proposition than one
of mere etiquette or national self-respect. 1 have anticipa-
ted and provided for this. Supposing that Tc-as might feel
some reluctance to renew a proposition which had been
once rejected, I have invited her, through her charge at
Washington, ,to enter into negotiations upon the subject."
Everybody understands that this treaty has been shaped
for individual aims alone; that its moving cause was a des-
perate presidential speculation; 'hat its main agents were
the gamblers and brokers of the bankrupt finances and
iiauduhmt Jet ad grants, of Texas. Through legitimate and
sober negotiation,- necessarily deliberate, and quiet in us
movements, nothing coulu be done rash enough, ex-
travagant enough, nor noisy enough, to be brought to bear,
in popular agitation, upon, the Baltimore democratic con-
vention, and, through its decision, upon the next presiden-
tial election. In this one great aim, all public purposes
were forgotten. Fortius we were to take, not the justf^t
nor the most feasible method, but the suddenes:. That
right certainly, in the end, plunge us in endless difficul-
ties, disaster, dishonor—even thing most to be deplored;
but all these, though speedy effects, would be tardy enough
only to injure the Union after they had served'the momen-
tary purpose of the President yet acain to be. Their fatal
consequences were at least not swift enough to arrive be-
fore the struggle in the democratic convention.
Such being the great ruling aim, of course the subordi-
nate questions were to take that form which would best
suit those who were likeliest to lend to the plan the anima-
ted, the vigorous, the vehement supportof stiong individual
interest, not the mare allected fervor* of patriotism. Next
to the mighty electioneering interest came, therefore, m the
treaty, whatever could enlist the zeal, by" enlisting the cu-
pidity ofthat great and wide-spread body of adventurous
speculators who were dipped deep in Texas lands or Tex
as bonds.
I pa^s, however, to other thing?. Having, shown that
rightfully this government could not pen ling a war. step
in" to decide between the two States the subject of dispute,
(which is here the right to Texas,) and jdhat w e had so de-
clared in every form, up to the time when this intrigue ?nd
fraud was set on foot I will next show that, in many parts
of this correspondence, there are the most direct "and de-
cisive contradictions to the President's mere assumption and
allegation that Texas is able to withstand Mexico, that
Texas has obtained a positive and permanent independence.
That fact or assumption is abundantly disproved by eveiy
circumstance in her position, by a great part of what the
President urges, and especially by the alarm which he
spreads of the imperative necessity of acting "now," be-
cause Tesas must otherwise be driven upon very hard
terms, and at once, Into the arms of some European poweh
But what foreign power, having treaties with;Mexico ,
wouldbe faithless enough to deal with Testas asfour Presi-
dent has done? In the very message itself that accompanies
the treaty, the President "says: "ft-cannot be dfcniea.th&t;
Texas is greatly depressed in her energies by. the long pro-
tracted war with Mexico. llnder these- circumstances* it is
but natural that she should seek for Safety,-and reposfetwi--
derthe protection of some stronger power." .Yet, Tye fcrfc "
told, this treaty does not make war by- giving £hatc prpiecS-;
tion and repose. Again he says: "I, repeat,-.the executive
saw Texas in a state of almost hopeless exhaustion." What"
exhaustion? That occasioned by. the pending war wita
Mexico, which we are now asked to assume, in direct vio-
lation of our treaty of peace and amity, with "Mexico, and
thereby to disgrace the United Stated in the "eyes' &Cthejei-
vilized world. 1 cannot, and I will not, advise apd consent"
to the ratification of a-treaty for any such purpose, or 'ope
attended by such consequences. Were I to do so, with my
views, I should be faithless to, myself, to my constituent's,
to my country and my God.
What says Mr. Secretary Upshur, in the very outset of thi*
business in his letter of the 8th August last? "Pressed-by-^n,-
unrelenting army on her borders,her treasury exhausted,;ahd
her credit almost destroyed, Texas is in a condition to need
the support of oth£r nations, and to obtain it upon terms of „
great hardship, and-many sacrifices to herself."". On this
subject, our minister in Texas says:- "Inasmuch, as-the
commissioners of Texas, now in Mexico, in treaty or nego*
.tion touching an armistice, are supposed not to have con-
cluded their labors, and it is clear to the President of Texas, -
that so soon as this negotiation in relation to annexation is
known to the government of Mexico, all negotiation on
that and all other questions between Texas and JMexiett
will case, and that the President of Mexico will mste&Sij?
commence active hostilities against,Texas-, which Texa&iS u
wholly unprepared, by sea or land, to resist" - : ,
' I presume no oive -will think it necessary to/call on me lor
further proofs, that it was perfectly well known to the exec-
utive that Texas is.incapable of defending herself; that her
independence was "merely nominal; that her condition is
now far more precarious than in 16375 that, she has pro-,
gressively grown weaker since then, and Mexico stronger;
and that, in very truth, her independence, which was the
gift of the individualfaid and sympathy of our citizens, ceas-
es the moment she shall no longer be upiield>by tlie hope of
help from the United States. , '
To take the measure of the credulity of folks like these,
especially when their wishes and'designs come to the help
of their belief, may seem somewhat rash; but still as I do -
not know that they have eaten ofthat plant which was said
of old to make men mad, I must hold it utterly out of the
question to suppose that they can hav-e swallowed all this
stuff about Mr. Andrews. Certainly, even when the Secra
tary of State, who first seized upon the tiling, saw full well
the extreme nonsense of it in one of its m&iti points^ $hd, in
remarking upon it in his letter to Mr. Murphy of the 8th
August last, after repeating the statement of the "private
citizen of Maryland," he admits, in the very outset,' "that _
there is some difficulty in comprehending the terras of the
proposition as stated," which is as good as to ^ay that it is
nonsense. And so it surely is; for what is the plan'' "That
an English company should be raised, and pay taxes for
her slaves." Here one would think was the end of- the bar-
gain; for when equivalents are to be interchanged, what
more is to be done? Texas here would give up her slaves,
and the English association* its money—so one would say.
But this is far'from being the result^ for Texas has paid for
the money, thus iar,-only in slaves; whereas- she is to pay
over again in lands! Nor is that all; when she has thus paid
twiceover.it is but a loan after all; and the English gov- -
eminent is to aid the tliird operation, to come in as a guar-
anty of the interest! Of -course, then, the principal still re-
mains against Texas as a debt! Well ■might the secretary
confess that there were some obscurities in the plan! Yet
that is far from hindeimg his blazing out upon it, and ma-
king it not merely the corner stone, but the entire founda-
tion of a mighty national affair Nor does it become a whit
more rational in the corrected version which Mr. Murphy
undertakes to give. In it, againt the Texians are first to
to give their slaves to the full value of a loan, and then to
grant, in addition, a vast arocfant of lands, so large as to
form a future fund Jorthe abolition of slavery all oyer the
United States! The mam difference which he makes ls.that
the British government was to guaranty, not Texas, but
the punctuality of her own citizens; and really I do not
see that there was anything very farming in that, though
much extremely improbable. -
Such is this strange tale; and though, as I have said,
the Secretary evidently sees its folly, yet what coes he do.
Inquire into if Not at all. Fesort to the British govern-
ment for explanations* By no means. Instantly, a Jettor
full of simulated alarms is written to Mr. Murphy. To the
English minister here, or to his court, not a word is said,
not a syllable to Mr. Everett, until just one -month and
twenty davs after the first letter to Mr. Muiphy, the over-
ture to the whole opera that has been sung us since, and
in wliieh (as I am told is usual in overtures) the rudiments, -
or what musicians call the motives, of the ^ hole piece jpay
be found This idle tale, then, discredited by himself, is
made, with rot the smallest attempt to iathom it, the basis
of all these proceedings. It is not till fifty-one days after-
wards the -28th September, that Mr. Everett is diiected to
look into the affrir; and on She 16th October, just eighteen
davs after that, when yet Mr. Everett could but just have
got the despatch, we learn from the note to Mr. Van £&ndt,
that the executive, in -view of "recent occurrences in Eu-
rope/* had'made up his mind to invite Texas in all haste, to
be annexed to the United States! Meantime, with all his
precautions not to diminish, by inquiry. th*  smallpretences
on which he was seized, the executive has got some infor-
mation on the subject. He has learnt by Mr. Murphy's let-
ter of the 24th September, that Mr. Andrews had been driv-
en out of Texas by its populace as soon as they heard of
what he had been about, and the envoy himself expressly
entitles the whole affair, "the ridiculous transaction play *
ed offin London. Nor, indeed, did Mr. Upshur himself at-
tach any real consequence to it; for in his despatch on the
subject to our minister at Mexico, on the 18th Novenibtv,
