APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June,lS44.
28th Gong.....1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Jarnagin.
Senate.
directly admits that there is no proof of any English de-
sigh such as he was not only imputing, but acting upon; for
he says, >"I h^ve no sufficient reason to suppose /that Eng-
land desires to acquire it, (Texas,) but the subject in all
its bearings is of deep interest to the United States, Thus,
'sii;, disappears, before a little scrutiny, all these phantoms
of English abolition in Texas. Nothing remains of them
but a parliamentary flourish of a roan of no high repute in
England, Lord Brougham, some general declarations by
the premier'such as premiers must always make when pop-
ularity demands it, and the frank avowal of Lord Aberdeen
to Mr. Everett, that the government had been solicited to
stand guaranty to Texas, on £ loan offered by the abolition
society, but had refused; and that it had suggested to Mexi-
co to connect the admission of the independence of Texas
.with the abolition of slavery therebut that Mexico had re-
fused to listen to the suggestion, and that it had not, there-
fore, been renewed. ' „ *
I take it, therefore, that all this official history of the mo-
tives and the riSe of this proceeding is entirely false—meant
but to mislead. Nor are we without proof of the fact, a
great deal more substantial than the executive concludes
treaties, sends'out military and naval forces, and puts us in
a state of war upon. In other times, that which! am about
-to cite," however, well shown by facts to be authentic,
would scarcely, from its mere form, have been brought into
the Senate; but now things infinitely less fit to be produced
are brought'here upon the gravest occasion, and 1 surely
need notliesitate to give what I take to be the true secret
hiRtory of this Texas treaty.
An annexation meeting was lately attempted in the ven-
erable town of Williamsburg, Virginia, the capital in some
sort of the former judicial circuit of the original negotiator
of this treaty. At it, among others, appeared Judge (now
Professor) Beverly Tucker, of William and Mary, whose
extieme intimacy; and whose close coincidence of political
opinions and purposes with Mr. Upshur, varioug members
• ot this bodj perfectly understand. The professor, upon this
occasion, entered into a recital of the true origin of this
matter, claiming himself to have set it on foot. The out-
line of what he told,has- been reported and published, about
two weeks since, in the Richmond Whig. H is-jio donbt
faithful, since .-though exceptions have been subsequently
#ent in and published to other parts of the report, the fidel-
ity of this portion of it remains dnintpeached. An abstract
is as follows:
"Having first avowed his intimate acquaintance with this
whole subject, and that he possessed peculiar opportunities
for being informed upon it, he stated that the first proposi-
tion for annexation was made to him, and by him next made
to the late distinguished Secretary of State, Judge Upshur.
He stafed that he owned a large tract of land m Texas, and
one-half of about sixty slaves, in partnership with a certain
gentleman there (name not recollected) of whom he s^oke
m the highest terms; that this gentleman, in a letter written
sometime in the year 1843, mentioned the subject of an-
nexing Texas to the AmericanXJnion; that he (Professor T.)
immediately caugat the idea, and at once opened the sub-
ject to bis friend Judge Upshur, that Judge U. as eagerly
took hold of an idea, declainig an a private loiter that he
was the only man in the Union who could do the thing,
that he could show the northern people that annexation was
their interest, and as this was the weak pr int of a Yankee,
there could be no difficulty in reconciling the Yankees to
annexation; but if this could not be done, let things come to
the worst. These facts were given from private letters
which had passed between Professor Tucker and* Judge
Upshur, and was communicated with egotistical complai-
sance and evident pride, as if the communicator was de-
sirous tp have the \v«rld know that he and his friends were
alone entitled to the |~iory of starting this greatproject of
annexation!
'•I must state another fact which will illustrate the spirit
with which this matter was undertaken by one oi the dis-
tinguished actors in-it: the country has a right to know it.
Professor Tucker Hated, among other things of a like char
acter, that Judge Upshur had declared that if he could find
one man in Congress with firmness enough, he would, at
the next session of Uongress, bring things to a direct issue
between the Noith and the South."
This lattei part, it must be confessed, smacks not a little
of those resolutions from Beaufort, South Carolina, which
all have read w ith astonishment and pain, and with the open
declarations of many of the leading pies&es of the South
Carolina part), especially their organ here, which has de-
clared that Texas was to be preferred to the Union. Allow
me to examine that position for them, and to see what anew
southern confederacy, founding its existence on an act of
rapine like thi-s, and on a violent disruption of its previous
national ties, would be.
Let us suppose, for a moment, that what cannot well hap-
pen without a violent convulsion is nevertheless brought
about without any, and that a separate confederacy quietly
establishes itself through all the States west and south, to
the Ohio. The good which is to follw for its people shall
be, for the sake of argument, security to slave institutions
at large, fiee trade, the opening to migration of a hew, a fer-
tile, and a highly genial region, and an advanced value of
slave propeity, as the consequence of all, but oi the last es-
pecially Let us sec how these causes will work.
If slaves advance ui price, that cannot be m countries of
exhausted soil, already stocked with them or in those
where, from climate, the sugar and cotton culture cannot bo
earned on in comix ition with the rich soils in the lower
valley oi the Mississippi and beyond. They will, then, ouly
rise m price in Maryland, Virginia, North and South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Tennessee and Kentucky, because they will
be sold to be carried away. And as a rise in their value
will make a larger capital necessary to carry on planting
where it is already unprofitable, of course this latter cause
will hasten their rapid transfer south, by adding to the cost
with which slave labor must be carried on north.
They will lie swept off, then, in but a short time, and the
very States where this scheme pretends to secure the per-
manence of slave property will, be stripped, within four or
five years, of all slave property whatever; With them will
go a large body of -their masters, nearly all averse in the
extreme to turn wholesale slave-sellers, and attracted by the
c&eap lands and large profit# of the new country. Such
numbers will prbbably yield to these inducements, -that,
from some parts of Virginia, a great portion of North Caro-"
liaa, and neaily all South Carolina "and Georgia, except the
rice lands, it will be a migration almost en mass 3, and hardly
any will remain that can get away.
Thus, then, by a speedy change in the labor and property
of the seven States I have mentioned, they will take just the
same relation to the slave interest south-west of them as
Pennsylvania and the North now bear to the planting States;
- and abolition, sure to exist where there are no slaves,-will
occupy the northern, and plague and threaten the southern
part of the new confederacy, just as of old. In the great
tract thus abandoned by much of its proprietary, and more of
its laboring population, lands must of course sink prodigious-
ly in value. At last, for want of purchasers, many of them
will be abandoned by their owners, one-half whose slaves
alone will, upon lands bought in Texas with the other half,-
■ make far better crops than all on the worn and ill-used soil
they now exhaust rather than cultivate. Nor is this all:
another very serious cause of depreciation will act. In the
Greater part of the southern States, there is a heavy public
ebt On a diminished population and depreciated property,
that debt (which even now they can hardly provide for)
will fall with a terrible weight of taxes; and these will op-
erate strongly to induce fresh migration into a new country
whose debt has been assumed, and where there will be
light taxes onlys This effect cannot but happen as to Vir-
ginia, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, my own State,
Arkansas, Louisiana, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
There may, in a word, be benefits in the plan to Texas-
very great benefits; but they will be such a&, to fill her
veins, will drain the very life-blood of most of the present
southern States. .There maybe advantages to those who
are to break up and to leave their native communities; but
to those who remaiu and cling faithfully to them, the re-
sults will be deplorable. Property will decline; cultivation
will cease in its main branches; new objects and methods of
tillage, new forms of industry, will have to be sought, all
improvement will cease; the whole society will go back-
ward for a time; and everything, in a word, will decline,
except taxes, and perhaps repudiation.
-From this changed order of things, what relief will free
trade bring, where the staples that bred the desire of it have
ceased to be grown in those nearer southern States? They
will be planting States no longer; and their soil and climate
fit them little for.farming, for grazing, or for grain-growing.
Producing no longer anything for exportation, what sort of
a boon will free trade be to them'7 It strikes me that it will
be not a little like a pi esenfc of mustard to a man who has
no meat, or ruffles to one without a shirt. But, sir. to them,
in such a confederacy, yet another condition of things must
ensue. In the States which I have described, in the necessi-
ties imposed by their position, it is among them that manufac-
tures must spring up, as the most profitable employment.
In this, then, again, they will occupy, as in regard to
slavery, the very same relation to the States beyond them
as New England now does to the South The existing
sectional opposition of interests will thus start up afresh
between the extremities of the new league; and the present
free trade men (including sonic of the distinguished gentle-
men whom I see around me) will, Unless they in the mean-
time have gone to Texas, become vfolent advocates of a
protective tarirtV-unabated enemies of fiee trade.
Already, sir, from the causes I have mentioned, acting
only with less intensity, this very state of things is coming
about. Maryland is already a tariff State; Virginia. North
Carolina, and Georgia, are rapidly becoming so: my own
State and'Kentucky liave shown how they regard that poli-
cy. What I have said is but the history of what we have
seen and are seeing, the facts only, compressed, by more
sudden and stronger causes; into a few years' space. -
Such and so conclusive are the economical, the pecuniary
objections to this scheme of southern confederacy: but there
is. further, a political. I might almost say a physical difficul-
ty, of which these statesmen have not considered, though it
it not less obvions than it is insuperable. Near is very
centre, their intended territory is ci'ossed by a mighty val-
ley, itself, at no distant d^y, an empire. Do they expect to
briule, with what will be comparatively but a little Atlantic
bordei, that wide and powerful region? Do thoy think to
give law to the eni: o Mississippi, by seizing upon its
mouth? Sir, the race that possesses that great stream is
not one, in point ot either spirit or strength, to be tamed to
the will of any builder of political castles in the air that
thinks, at a word, to lock them in from the sea. That vast
valley must have one common social destiny; nor will the
arrangements which schemexs make, in South Carolina or
Texas, at their ease, pluck away from the Great West its
passway abroad, and reduce it to dependence. No ! The
strong do not follow the fortunes of the weak; and if the one
or the other is to submit, the Great West is much more like
to give the law to this new realm, than to receive the law
from it. I have shown what consequences, what new social
arrangements, this entire plan would work; how surely it
must empty, of all their slave population. Kentucky. Mis-
souri, Tennessee, and paxt of Alabama. Now will these,
after having been, by the veij execution of tl Is scheme,
converted into fiee States, and will the many and populous
countries behind them, consent to be a mere appendage to a
league like this? Never, sir! The entire valley. I repeat,
must ever have a common political destiny. Its natuial
ties, and those of habit ?nd feeling bind it to this Union. If
there is ever to be a southern confederacy, it cannot stretch
across to Texas, but mu&t be girdled in by the Mississippi
Such a thing, agitators and speculators may talk of, bull
do not think anv man here will live to see it; and I am sure,
if he does, he ^ ill live to sec troubles, disasters, conflicts
ending but in mutual injury, misfuitnne, and miseiy, which
will make him deplore that he has lived so long
I think I have thus shown what will be the special
benefits, the benefits to the slave States as they now
aie, which this things promises; that it will transfer
a large part of their population and wealth; that it
will break down the value of their lands ; that it will
add heavily to taxation; that it will revolutionise property
and pursuits^ that as it will only shift the slave region fui-
ther south, and convert as large a space into free States as
it adds of slave territory, it will leave the very interest for
Whicl* all thin t>e done, still wcak<u than before; that ii
dismemberment, which I regret to say seems to me clearly
in the contemplation of a part of these political projectors,
ensue, it will inevitably reproduce, on a smaller theatre, the
same questions of protection and of abolition, the same
sectional strife, which, in. an evil hour, has breathe disaf-
fection that'urges men to this design; that if £ucl> dismem-
berment come, it would not quietly stretch across to Texas;
that a war for the lower Mississippi .would probably follow;
and now let me add, that I-see ho possible event frdm such
a war, but that the new confederacy, to susiainits.elf .against
the superior force of the rest of the Union, must do precisely
what we are told Texas is about to'do, and in this very pru-
dent plan for "the permanent security of slavery, cast itself
for protection upon that very foreign power whose alarming
designs of abolition are made the great bugbear to fnghfen
,us into the jaws of this plan, and drive us, by terror, into
crime and shame.
But advantages of a more general nature are alleged,
such as will benefit the whole Union. They tell us that it
will give tts a new and a noble territory; that its peopling
will offer a fresh mart for the manufactures of the north, the
provisions of -the west, and additional employment for our
eastern shipping; .that it Will add to our military security;
that it will prevent smuggling; that it will afford scope for
the illimitable Anglo-Saxon propensity to scatter, and to get
more land; that it will promote the diffusion of our'benefi-
cent principles, and, as General Jackson expresses it, "ex-
tend the area of freedom.-" Were all these things true, I
should still refuse to seize such advantages at the price of
national dishonor which we ar<? to pay for them. I should
still, under my special duty to my own State, and to-many
others, Vote against a measure which will deeply injure
them. The Union is well as it. is, and, has much greater
need to govern itself well, to manage wisely what it has,
than to call upon a large part of it to submit to a grievous
loss with the object of merely extending our territory. -
All know, sir-, what a deplorable system of farming that
is, where the landholder grasps at more than he can employ,
Cultivating most wretchedly a large surface, while the skil-
ful tillage of but half as much would, with the same labor,
j ield him a larger crop, and give him ah improving soil, in-
stead of one growing every day worse.1 This individual
propensity, long the misfortune of our husbandmen, is now
rapidly correcting itself; and so will soon do, i trust, that
kindred national rage for wide, rather than well-managed
possessions, which men have largely counted on, in calcu-
lating the popularity of this attempt.
If extent of possessions is to stand to us in the-place of
public honor, and beneficence and wisdom of sway, still we
must yield in that species of glory to Russia, whose arbitra-
ry rule covers a far wider surface of misgovernment. Nor
snail we yet at all ecfual Tamerlane or Gnengis Khan, who
had the honor of reducing undertlieir absolute domain still
broader tracts. Spain herself, whom we now de&pise,, once
held in fee almost a third of the known world. Her thirst
for misused dominion was as unscrupulous as ours Can
aspire to be; her enterprise as active; her military spirit far
higher. What, then, is to assure us, treading the same ca-
reer, from the same, or a j et speedier fate? There are sure-
ly simple lessons in these' things, which every citizen of a
land lake this, where all order is but the result of intelli-
gence, should, have learnt—that there is more genuine
greatness in governing wisely even a narrow territory, than
in stretching ever so widely, a cruel; an unjust, or an in-
competent dominion, that only acquires, but knows not how
to rule, to benefit. What is mere empire of disorder, com-
pacted together by none of the true arts of sway? It is pre-
paring but a speedier downlallfor all that we have oi good,
or right or happy. Already we have cast the wide, founda-
tions of what, if we persevere in the sober and steadfast, and
sure greatness before us, must rapidly become the noblest
government that the earth has ever-' seen. Are we to aban-
don the brightness, the certainty of a public destiny like
that before us, for a scheme as wicked as it is wild; that, to
compensate for the general abhorrence with which it will
turn the eyes of all wations upon us, offers usno probability
but that of earlier disruption and decay? In-all the past,
history has presented one uniform truth—that governments
must be oppressive somewhat in proportion to their extent.
Already fierce divisions, conflicts of interest the most threat-
ening, warn us to keep within our present limits, and, at
least before wc add to them, to compose, to consolidate, to
unite. At this instant, the very men who would teach us to
dream this sad and peiilous vision of a greatness without
honor or prudence or need, are many of them intent on de-
molishing the'very grandeur to which the) invite you. It
is disunion that beckons on to this scheme of rapacity: you
are to plunder, that disunion may possess; you are to steal,
that it may receive-; you are foully and faithlessly to wrest
Texas from Mexico, in order that disunion jnay be furnished
w ith a broader and surer basis for a new confederacy. These
men tell us that they themselves groan under the curse of this
government;andm thesamebveath, that they pant to impart
its blessings to others; they rave of England, and her ter-
rible designs, and what aie these designs? Apparently
nothing worse man their own sum mum boiw in, free trade,
the acme of all wise policv But if the embrace of England
be so terrible, why seek a separation which must fling them
at once into her arms} I remember too well the day when
a direct dissociation from us, a direct association with Eng-
land, gave them anything but alarm—the days of nullifica-
tion; nor have their thoughts changed since then, if their
language interprets them. As little can I trust their prom-
ised advantages, in the new region, for our manufacturers,
our provision trade, or ourna\igation. Texas they design as
a new augment of the free trade region, an addition of anti-
tariff'votes. What will the consumption of its present pop-
ulation of not 1 "<0,000 add to our trade? And its augmented
population will consist of but our ovv n citizens, whom we
alreadv supply As to the provision trade, they themselves
boast that the upper regions, of that country are fit only for
stock raising; so that it is likelier to be t\o rival of Ken-
tucky and Ohio abroad, than their customer at home. If
the carrying of its cotton and sugar is to employ-our'ship-
ping, then it must be at the expense of a great overproduc-
tion of the first of those articles, with which we now glut
the market of th* world. In short, sir, I see nothing but
what is utterly fallacious in the object, and utterly bad and
disgraceful in* the method. The entire plan is a complies-
tiou of rapine, of impolicy, and of ImpQstufc, such as
