678
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1
Mt. SLIDELL offered an amendment as follows:
For the erection ofa light-house on Horn island, $13,000.
For the erection of a light-house on Round island, $15,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STILES offered the following amendment:
Three thousand dollars for the erection of beacons in the
Savannah river and on the coast of Georgia.
ft was rejected.
Tlie amendment was subsequently offered repeatedly,
each time with a diminished sum specified; and 'ultimately
$1,500 was appropriated.
Mr. PATTRRSON offered the following: For repairing
the pier and building a foundation upon which to construct
a light-house at the mouth of the Genessee river, in the.
State of New Yojk, $05,000: it was rejected.
Various other amendments were adopted, when the com-
mittee rose and reported tliebill to the House.
Mr. WENT WORTH said he arose to make the usual mo-
tion; as he wished to hasten the business as much as possi-
ble, seeing it was so late, not only in the session, but in the
evening. But he wanted to cay a word to the friends of the
bill, and that was, that they must, be watchful of some of
the amendments that had been added, in order to render the
bill ineffectual. It was too common in this House to add
amendments, in Order to kill a bill, which could not other-
wise be done He would say no more now, after thus cau-
tioning the friends of the bill, but move the previous ques-
tion.
So the bill was laid aside to come up in its order, with the
previous question pending.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to suspend the rules to enable the
House to proceed with such bills as were to be sent to the
Senate for concurrence; which motion was adopted.
The House then tq.ok up the .bill to repeal the duty on
salf.
Mr. C JOHNSON moved to postpone it till the first Mon-
day of December next.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in order. A mo-
tion to postpone to a day certain, within the session, or a
motion for indefinite postponement only, would be in order.
Mr. C. JOHNSON said ne would be willing to pass by the
bill informally, provided it did not lose its place on the cal-
endar, and could come up next session. *
This suggestion was acquiesced in, by general consent,
and the bill was passed over accordinglj*.
The House then took up the bill to authorize repayment
for lands sold by the United States without authority of law,
and after concurring in the amendments made in Committee
of the Whole, the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
then read the third time and passed, under the operation of
the previous question
.Mr. HAMMFJT moved that the House adjourn: rejected.
'I he bill for the relief of the heirs and legal representa-
tive of Captain Presley Thornton, deceased, being the next
on the calendar, was, by general consent, laid over till the
next session.
The bill to legalize the sales of lands made at the Choc-
ohnma and Columbus land districts, Mississippi, was con-
sidered, and, afters brief explanation from Mr. Houston, it
was ordered to be engrossed, and then read the third time,
and passed.
The bill making appropriations for the payment of horses
lost by the Missouri volunteers in the Florida war, was
taken up, and read, and after a brief discussion, it was or-
dered to be engrossed, and then read the third time, and
passed, under the operation of the previous question—yeas
The* House then adjourned.
The following petition was presented to-day under the
rule:
By Mr. HOPKINS: The petition of Jane Hackney, widow
of John llackney, late a re\ olutionary pensioner on the Vir-
ginia agency from the county of Russell, asking to be
placed cm the pension roll: in which petition James P Car-
roll and 13 other citizens of the same county, unite: referred
to thp Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 14,1844.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, copies of correspondence with the gov-
ernment of Mexico in relation to the expulsion of
citizens of the United States from Upper California;
which,
On motion by Mr. EVANS, was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition from citi-
zens of Boston, Massachusetts, praying for the im-
mediate annexation of Texas to the United States:
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Pensions,
moved that that committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of the widow of
Thomas Edwards, and that the petitioner have leave
to withdraw her papers: agreed to.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial from Thomas
Bassnett, of Illinois, proposing to impart to the gov-
ernment, for a consideration, his invention of the
principle of the theory of storms: referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, made an adverse report on the
petition of Samuel Walker and Francis Y. Beatty,
praying to be remunerated for injuries sustained by
them while employed on the treasury building, in
the city of Washington; and an adverse report on
$he petition of William Archer, praying compensa-
tion for the plan and estimates furnished by him for
the construction of the Potomac bridge; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the Committee on
the District of Columbia was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of a number
of citizens of Alexandria, praying that all legislation
in relation, to that town be suspended; the resolution
of the legislature of Maine in favor of repealing the
law of the States and Territories which, render per-
sons of color liable to arrest and imprisonment, and
to be sold for jail fees; and from the bill of the Sen-
ate to regulate the return of writs and other process
iu the county of Alexandria, in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying that the nat-
uralization laws may be so changed as to require of
foreigners a residence of 21 years before conferring
upon them the rights of citizenship: ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, presented a petition from Reuben H. Grant,
of Mississippi, praying compensation for services
and expenses in defending the interests of the United
States in the investigation of the Choctaw claims
under the 14th article of the treaty of Dancing Rab-
bit creek: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented four memorials from
citizens of the county of Albany, New York, pray-
ing. that the law regulating elections ofPresidentand
Vice President of the United States, which passed
the House of Representatives, may be so passed by
the Senate as to make its provisions applicable to
the election of 1844: ordered to lie on the table—the
hill having been reported to the Senate.
Mr. McDUFFIE presented resolutions adopted
by a large meeting of the citizens of Pickens district,
South Carolina; and also the proceedings of a large
meeting of citizens of Abbeville district, South Caro-
lina, in favor of the annexation of Texas to the Uni-
ted States.
ANNEXATION BILL.
Mr. McDUFFIE said he desired to reply briefly
to the remarks of the senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton,] made yesterday on the bill for the annex-
ation of Texas. He desired that that bill might be
taken up, to enable him to make the reply.
_ Mr. EVANS said there was no doubt that some
time during the morning an opportunity might be
afforded the senator from South Carolina; but he-
must insist on having the appropriation bills dis-
posed of first.
Mr. TAPPAN, on leave, introduced a joint reso-
lution for giving to the public the benefit of the en-
gravings made for the account of the exploring ex-
pedition; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
citizens of the city and county of Philadelphia, sim-
ilar to those already presented, for a reform in the
naturalization laws: referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. B. expressed the hope that that committee
would make a report on this subject before the ad-
journment, as requested by the memorialists.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, madetan adverse report
on the joint resolution of the Senate for the relief nf
Sellers and Pennock.
On motion by Mr. TALLMADGE, the resolu-
tion introduced by him yesterday to allow extra
pay to the pages and messengers of the Senate was
taken up, read three several times, and agreed to.
The bill making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of government for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1845, was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, without amendment
and with a recommendation that they do pass the
bills from the House for the relief of Abelaid Guth-
rie, and for the relief of Fran$ois Christian and
Madame Baptiste Berard.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, report-
ed back, with amendments, House bill for the relief
of Walcott Allyn Strong and Pierre Derbanne; and
on his motion, the previous orders of the day' were
postponed, and the above bill was taken up as in
committee of the whole; the amendments being
agreed to, it was reported to the Senate, and finally
passed. The report accompanying- was ordered to
be printed.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Breesk, spme days since, calling
upon the proper department to report to the Senate
the proceedings of the court-martial in the case of
Lieut. Braxton Bragg of the army; when, on the
motion of Mr. EVANS, it was ordered to lie on the
table.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was ordered that
the Senate take a recess from half-past 2 o'clock to
half-past 4 o'ciock, p. in.
ENGLISH PRESUMPTION.
On motion by Mr. "WALKER, the Senate took
up, for consideration, the following resolutions sub-
mitted by him on Wednesday, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States tie re ■
quested to inform the Senate whether the Parliament of
Great Britain has passed anj act extending its'criminal juris-
diction to the United States so as to subject any portion
of their citizens, or persons within their limits, to its penal-
ties, for acts done within the same, and to communicate a
copy of said act, if any such there be; together with any
information he may possess as to the means which may
have bf-en adopted to carry its provisions into efiect
Rcso/iW, That he be also requested to inform the Senate
whetherthe government of Great Britain has issued circu-
lars to its diplomatic or consular agents to collect informa-
tion as to the condition of any portion of our population;
and, if so, to transmit to the Senate a copy thereof, if in his
possession, together with any information he may possess as
to the object of issuing the same.
Mr. WALKER said he was anxious for the adop-
tion of the resolutions, which were merely a call for
information. If they could be passed without discus-
sion, he would dispense with any remarks; and with
laying before the Senate some documents which he
intended to read to it upon the subject.
Mr. ARCHER said he did not think the subject
nf the resolutions a fit subject to occupy the time of
the Senate at so late a period; and he therefore moved
to lay them on the table.
Mr. WALKER said he intended to make no re-
marks, provided the resolutions were not debated by
others. He hoped, at any rate, the vote would be
taken.
Mr. ARCHER said if the honorable senator
chose to have the vote taken without a word on
either side, he would withdraw the motion to lay
on the table.
The question now being on the adoption of the
resolutions.
Mr. McDUFFIE demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. CHO ATE made some remarks, understood to
be against the propriety of calling from the executive
documents which could only have the effect of creat-
ing excitement. Even if the law existed, the Con-
gress of the United States did know what construc-
tion had been given to it. The resolution was a
subject proper to be sent to a committee before ac-
tion upon it by the Senate.
Mr. WALKER said if the subject was to be dis-
cussed he wanted to read some documents to show
the construction which had been given the act, and
some consular certificates issued by that government
to have it carried into effect.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to refer the resolu-
tions to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. EVANS moved to lay them on the table;
and
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were ordered.
The question being taken, resulted in the affirma-
tive—yeas 21, nays 20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Ber-
rien, Choate, Clayton, Crittenden, Davton, Kians, Frau-
ds, Huntington, Johnson, Mangum, Alillcr, Pearce Por-
ter, Simmons, Upham, White, and Woodhridge—21.
® Messrs. Allen, Atherton. Bagby, Benton, Breece,
Buchanan, Faiifield .Fulton, Haywood, Henderson, linger,
Lewis, M^rnck, Niles, Semplo, Sevier, Sturgeon, 'lall-
SaJge, Walker, Woodbury and Wright—21.
On motion by Mr. IIAYWOOD, the Com-
mittee on Claims was discharged from the further
consideration, for the want of time to complete the
investigation, ofthe memorial of William Smith and
others, assignees of the Pennsylvania bank of the
united States, touching a certain claim.
Mr. ATHERTOJN" said he rose to make a mo-
tion, both on account of the importance of the sub-
ject to which it related, and also, because the legis-
lature of the State which he had the honor in part
in part to represent, had passed a resolution, evincing
their sense of its importance. That legislature had",
ss long ago as 1841, instructed the senators of the
State to use their exertions to procure the passage ol
a law to fix the same day or days for the choice of
presidential electors throughout the United States.
He therefore moved that the previous orders be
postponed, and the bill of the House on that sub-
ject, which had been reported by the Judiciary
