,f$4
Ag^BNPlX TO OPE QOI^GRjBgglQI^Ali 0]
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
^imexqtion of Texas—Mr- -Archer.
other powers." 05es this recognition require to be recalled
for either, as the other becomes ascendant? No. Then' it
decided no other than the right incident to temporary occu*
patiottof the sovereign authority in the country- Suppose
-Mexico-successful in the resubjugation of Texas: shall we
have'to revoke our recognition 01 Texas before we.oan be
rest&red to relations of intercourse with Texas on the foot-
ling of a dependency of Mexico? Must we refuse the exer-
cise of authority by the "functionaries of .Mexico in the
ports of Texas'? Or do -we sta'nd at once, and Svithout the
resort to any officious formalities/ restored, to our former
relations with Mexico in Texas, as in other provinces,
States, or dependencies of her empire, over which she as-
serts effective supremacy*? The answer to these questions
was conclusive as respected the effects of our recognition
of Texas on the issue of title between herself and Mexico.
But (said Mr. A.) was the invalidity of this pretension .of a
disposing authority 'in the government -of Texas, as the re-
sult of recognition, the sole or the true-ground for denying
it this authority? Was it in the halls ofour legislation, ana
in this the supposed conservative branch of it, that the doc-
trine was asserted of a competence in the functionaries of
goverhment in a popular State to dissolve the institutions
they were appointed to administer and conserve, and make
a transfer of their constituents and country to the rule and
occupation of a foreign power? The people had an undis-
puted competence to do tnis, or to authorize it to be done.
Theirs was the authority to unmake, as to make, their polit-
ical institutions—to decompose, as they saw fit, into an ele-
mental condition, and recompose into any form of domestic
dynasty or subjection to foreign authority. What he (Mr.
A.) maintained was, that it was not given to the ordinary
'governibent, in its common vocation, to do these things,
with "no special designation of authority for the -purpose.
Gen. Houston and the Senate of Texas were not Texas;
It had been said, indeed, by the senator from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Buctf*nan,] that Texas, by her people, as well as
her government, had given assent to annexation. When?
Sev^n or eight years ago! At a tiipe wlum her people were
■~how many'? Seven Or eight thousand. Now they were
said to be one hundred a*d fijfty'thousand. , Their views at
that earlier date may have been homogeneous, .having been
emigrants exclusively from the. United States. Time had
since been afforded/or the effusion of. streams of population
from .other quarters, with the possibility of. varying the
character of these views. He (Mr. A.) did not affect to say
that,this was the case—that the population was not disposed
or wa? indifferent to annexation with this country. He was
entirely persuaded of the contrary. ' Among other evi-
dences, he had had addressed to himself, during the past
winter, a letter of the character of that which had been re-
ferred to by the senator from Missouri, purporting to have
tji^ signature of eveiy member of both branches of Con-
gress, save iour, -(the omission of two of these said to be ac-
cidental.) from which he derived the lullest assurance of the
hearty desire of the people for incorporation with us. It
was not the reality of this desire that he questioned in the
least. What he insisted on was, that a duo and adequate
formality had not been observed in the ascertainment of this
fact., it would not do, from an expression, however authen-
tic, by seven thousand people, to bind the opinions, and ad-
judge the rights, and dispose of the political existence, of
one hundred and fifty thousand. A formal authen-
ticated expression of the popular will, or a special
Relegation, of authority to the gooernment to act in
this respect® preceding, or a condition of subsequent rati-
fication annexed to, the act of transfer, was indispensable,
on the principle of all popular government, to give validity
to a transaction of this character. Auy of these modes of
authentication, he (Mr. A) did not doubt could be obtained;
but neither had been. The treaty of annexation stood be-
fore, us, claiming our assent and ratification, destitute of.
either of these indispensable formalities, however they
might have been or might be supplied. What, in these cir-
cumstances, were we authorized to do'* Not to disregard
the essential informality surely, but to withhold, however
reluctantly, our concurrence and sanction to a deed of so
much gravity till the informality were removed. This was
the only mode of procedure which would not involve fla-
grant violation of the vital, essential principle,of our own
institutions. The tieaty-making power in the Texian gov-
ernment and our own were inthe same form, rested on the
same footing, were identical, net analogous. This power had
no limit to its scope, as regarded the phrase which conveyed
it in our constitution. Suppose our people to wake up some
mroning and find—not their entire confederacy, that was a
case, though analogous, not conceivable; but—one of their
integral provinces or States, transferred to a" neighboring
State or foreign potentate: what would be our doctrine if
the transferred population, however the organ of the fed-
eral government had consummated the act, had not been
directly consulted on the transfer7 Would it do to infer
c.onsent from irregular declarations,*or"a former remote vote,
or to accept the action of their representatives assembled in
the discharge of their ordinary functions? There was but
one answer to be given to these inquiries.
Then the capacity of the grantor to convey in this treaty
of transfer of Texas was not established, but disproved.
What was the condition of our authority to receive the
transfer? That formed the second of the pre-arranged topics
of inquiry. Mr. A. said he had no thought of contesting the
authority of our government to make acquisition of for-
eign territory. Whatever mi^ht have been the just con-
struction of the constitution in that respect, he considered
this as a question concluded. A rule of prescription of in-
quiry into title ran in such a case. There were several
of our States and Territories which had their places in the
Union through this avenue. It was not for him, or any man,
at this time of day, to insist on displacing their pretension,
or fixing the stain and emblem of illegitimate connection
with us, on their brows, and our name. They were to be
regarded as legitimate members of the confederacy as their
seniors.
He admitted, then, a power in our government to acquire
foreign territory—whether original or induced, it did not
matter to inquire. The power, as it had been most ben-
eficially exerted, admitted of resort again, if exigency
should demand, as in the case of Louisiana, or advantage
persuade, as in that of the two Floridas. .He went still
further. H  recognised the authority to admit foreign States
into' the confederacy. He knew the grounds on which thig .
proposition tad been-den^ed, denounced, and made the' sub- .
j feet of apprehension. This did not hinder his recognition
of it. The phrase in the consitution was of the largest char-
acter: "Congress shall have power to admit new States into
the (Jnion." Where. shall sanction be found, fpr limitation
on the operation of language, of this generality and com-
prehensiveness? Not in the circumstances of the case.
We were in .juxtaposition with provinces, of which our
fathers of the revolution had certainly contemplated-the in-
troduction into their confederacy a<? not. improbable, inas-
much as they had extended invitation Jo it. A deputation
had been "spent to Canada, during the war of the revolution,
to press this invitation. - Suppose concert in a common pol-
icy of States, on our continent, as the counterpoise and safe-
guard against a foreign continental policy—of the princi-
ples of our forms of political institution, imperilled in.con-
flict or by the policy of-adverse forms—should demand the
incorporation of contiguous American States, for more im-
posing aspect, more effective action, more indisputable se-
curity: were we to be regarded as precluded, could the
framers of the constitution, those far-seeing friends of coun-
try and freedom; have designed , to preclude us, from this
great resource of power, and instrument of safety? Did it
involve no undue and unworthy imputation on then renown-
ed political sagacity, and unparalleled circumspection, to
make such a supposal? >
As one of the political powers of the world, having points
of contact, and, exposed to the ordinary chances of-collision
with other powers,, we must be liable to. incur war, empow-
ered to conduct it, and at liberty to reap and realize its fruits.
It might be our destiny to make acquisitions of territory by
the fate of war. Were we to be prohibited irreversibly from
retaining these; compelled to surrender them, to become
again points of annoyance and" sources of peril to us? And
if this doctrine must be considered unsustainable, were we
to be regarded as prohibited from the incorporation of States
in this predicament, and constiained to continue them in a
condition ofpoiiticaliinequality and vassalage, however they
might deserve, and wfe regard them as deserving, and they
desire, exaltation, into union with us? But none of these
conclusions, preposterous and untenable as they obviously
were, could be avoided, save by a recognition of the right,
should occasion require, to admit foreign States into the
Union.
He (Mr. A) had no hesitation upon this point on the
mere language of the constitution. He repudiated this prac-
tice, perpetual in its employment here, of going behind the
language of the constitution, when that was plain, to con-
temporaneous history and labored expositions derived from
the opinions of individuals. Where ambiguity was not ad-
mitted and patent, the language ought to stand as the sole
exponent. But how raise an ambiguity on language so ex-
plicit? "Congress shall have power io admit new States
into the Union. *
It happened, however, that the evidence from contempo-
raneous history corresponded to the plain import of the lan-
guage of the constitution. The journals of the convention,
preserved by Mr. Madison, had been referred to. They
showed that restriction on the power of admission to States
formed from domestic territory, had a place in the early
draft of the constitution, had been the subject of remark,
and now it was found omitted. The conclusion'was irre-
sistible, that the restriction was not contemplated, as it was
not only not expressed, but the expression had been made
the subject of exclusion.
Our government was then endued with capacity to acquire
foreign territory or admit a foreign State. On what ground,
then, it would be asked, could he (Mr. A) deny, as he did,
the capacity to take Texas under the present treaty? The
difficulty, apparent only, was susceptible of an easy expli-
cation. The treaty-making power in our government—the
President and Senate—had authority to acquire territory.
But Texas was not a mere territory. We had acknowledged
her as a State—a political, as distinguished from a mere
numerical community, which a territory was. Nor had her
government, by which she was represented in the formation
of this treaty, shown the only authority which could be ad-
mitted, by the principles of her government and ours, as
, valid, to prove the fact .that she stood resolved from the
condition of a political community, in which we had ac-
knowledged her to be existing, into a territorial form; in
which we had never known her. The treaty-making power
had, then, no competence to admit Texas, being no terri-
tory. '
But Texas might be admitted as a State. True. But
Congress, the two houses of legislature, were invested with
the exercise of this competence; and we, the Senate, were
not the legislature^ So, take the matter either way, and
there was no competence to admit Texas in virtue of this
treaty.
The second fundamental proposition, then, of the advo-
cates of the treaty, stood confuted, as the first had been.
The third of those propositions was, that the territory of
Texas, in the present political condition of that country,
could be the lawful subject of transfer. This proposition,
also, ho (Mr. A.) denied. Even under municipal laws, a
subject in Jitigdtion was no piopei subject of transfer. You
were not allowed (and wisely) to make purchase of a law-
suit. It was a principle of the public national law, founded
in considerations of afar higher expediency, that, whilst you
might make acquisition from one ot the belligerent parties of
war, of any other, you could not of the actual subject of
contest. The reasons for this restriction were plain. The
just claims of the party on the eve ot success, in the war,
might, if the rule were otherwise, be perpetually eluded
and frustrated, and always would be, as the contesting must
always prefer the transfer to a third party of the subject m
dispute, to the loss of it to the adversary.
All the propositions, then, on which the validity of the
acquisition of Texas by this treaty had been rested, appear-
ed, on examination, unsustainable. There were other and
great considerations connected inseparably with tho discus-
sion—considerations of faith, reputation, policy. These he
should proceed to examine. It had been urged that, having
a treaty of amity with Mexico in full force, breach of faith
would be involved by the appropriation of what she claimed
to be, what had undoubtedly been, her dependency, and
what she had been, and was, in arms to recover. Well,
was not this true ? Our treaty of amityjwas not only in full
subsistence with Mexico; we Had pledge.d ourseives three
several times the strictest observance of neutrality in her
contest With Texas: once ,under General Jackson's admin-
istration; once tinder Mr. Van Buren's, lately by our Minis-
ter, Oeneril Thompson, under this administration. On the
Occasion of giving One of these pledges;-(under M*. Van
Buren's administration,) the annexation Of Texas then ten-
dered had been declined expressly onthe ground ' that it
would involve the violation of b&r neutrality^ith Mex-
ico. " - * * "• * ;
' If we were to contribute a soldier or a gun' in aid of-Texas
in the "contest with Mexico, that, it will'not be; contested,
would be a breath of our neutrality; and yet persons-are
found, and on the floor of the Senate, to maintain that dives-
titure of the entitfesubject of contest, its appropriation to our-
selves,-constitutes no breach of neutrality,no act Of ill feith,
and no offer of offence to'Mexico. Such reasoners perplex
us more than stronger- ojjes, from the difficulty of stating
the answer to their propositions. >
Aid had been invoked in the argument from the supposed
analogy of the case of France extending support to us an our
revolutionary struggle. Alas I How'widely were the cases
distinguishable, and how little to our - honor I France
broke, indeed, her amity with England," established by trea-
ty, as o.ur& with Mexico.- She professed to'he extending the
hand of philanthropic support to a dependency of England,
struggling agaipstinjustice and oppression. Has aiw man
contested that we should have been af liberty, for the same
purpose, to depart from 'our observance of neutrality to
Mexico ? The obligation imposed by a position of neutrali-
ty between belligerent powers is of high character. But
obligations there are, of force, to override this. That of af-
fording rescue to the oppiessed, of staying the hand and the
course of public injustice and outrage, if the profession of
purpose were sincere—not pretended—is of the number of
those higher obligations which may override the ofcser-
yancc of neutrality without blame—with applause. France
put forth-this profession.to the world, and she did-render us
aid. noble and- effective, in the establishment ef our just
cause. Is , this the position in which we have stood, in
which we, pur government, stand to Texas ? Did'France,
waiting the moment ofour utmost exhaustion, and inanition,
when we must accept any resource of refuge from our cruel,
obdurate adversary, come then, at that moment, as if perch-
ed to wait for-it,not to rescue the victim of .oppression and
the martyr of liberty, Imt to pounce fVom her eyrie, and
make him her prey? That to rescue was the course and the
conduct of France. This to seise has been, is, ours. What
outrage to reason and philanthropy and justice in the insti-
tution of this comparison!
Suppose France influenced, as has been alleged, by.an en-
tirely selfish consideration: what was it?" To break the
strength of a rival power which had been a thousand years
the bitterest, the most formidable of her enemies, and who
had then recently defeated, degraded, and reduced her to
dangerous debility. She manifested no momentary purpose
to make spoil of otir alliance as the consideration of her sup-
Eort. If she had, our noble fathers would have renounced
er communion in indignant scorn, and taken the chance of
a resubjugation to England, instead- of calling Frenchmen
benefactors, and Lafayette brother!
But there was a further view of this,case, of a supposed
analogy to the course of Franc© in the war ofthe revolution.
Allow the policy of France to have been selfish." Ifrance
was a member of a great European continental system, to
preserve an adjusted balance of power among the parts.
England was supposed, by great recent successes, * to Jiave
induced weakness and menace, if not to the integrity, to the
adjustments of this system. France had a high and a just
object in this view, in breaking, by aiding us, her obligation
of neutrality to England. Not spoil, security was her ob-
ject. Well, we had an American continental system. Gen-
tlemen, the friends of the present treaty, had been profuse of
praise to Mr.-Monroe as the proelaitner and founder of this
system, by his memorable declarationin.182.% that the in-
trusion of no European power was hereafter to be permitted
for settlement on this continent. This was our system, to
hold together, to be strong against Europe, in any selfish di-
rection nere of her policy or ambition. We were the first
in ability to sustain and give effect to this American system;
Mexico the second power, of whom it was one of our du-
ties, in reference to this system, to. uphold the consequence
and strength, lf^any new domestic power arose, it apper-
tained to this same department of duty to nourish it into
vigor. It was an obvious prescription of this duty to concil*
iate contentions among the members of the system, to save
the impairment ofthe common power.
- Now, what had been our.course in pursuance of this plan
of American policy"* How strikingly did it contrast with
the course alluded-to of France? France had ajust motive
to impair the power of England. We had a strong obliga-
tion to prevent the impairment of that of Mexico. France
had operated against her most formidable rival and adversa-
ry. It was proposed to us, by the ratification of this treaty,
to put ourselves into an adverse attitude to our natural ally
and proper friend.
As regarded the office of nourishing the newborn Ameri-
can power of Texas into vigor, of conciliating and compo-
sing Mexico and Texas as parts of our system, our plan had
been to yield no aid or useful -interposition to the one of
these powers; and it was now recommended to us to make
appropriation of a claim of property of the other. France
sought her object by rearing the weak and oppressed te in-
dependence. We were asked to convert the weak and op-
pressed to a possession, which extinguished their Independ-
ence. We must be decent—not put into juxtaposition the
course urged on our adoption with regard to Texas,-with
tho course of France tow ards us in the memorable era of the
revolution.
The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] in his reso-
lutions, made part ofthe debate, had presented another and
insuperable view in support'of inaction as regarded the rati-
fication of the treaty. His resolutions alleged that the an-
nexation of Texas would be the adoption of an existing war
between Mexico and Texas; and that this body (the Senate)
had no authority to adopt war by the exercise of its treaty-
making power; this function having been committed, in ex-
press terms, to Congress, the general representative body,
by the constitution. Supposing the fact.unquestionable of
the adoption of war with Mexico by the adoption of the
