CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iir
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass, the **
bill from the House for the relief of Woodson Wren,
of Mississippi. Mr. H. asked for the consideration
of the bill now.
Mr. EVANS moved to take up the bill making
appropriation for naval pension for the vear ending;
30th June, 1845.
Mr. McDUFFIE again expressed a wish that the
annexation bill would be taken up, to afford him an
opportunity to reply to the remarks of the senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.]
Mr. EVANS said that after the appropriation bills
were disposed of, he would interpose no objection to
taking that bill up.
NAVAL PENSIONS.
The bill making appropriations for the payment
of naval pensions for the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1845, was taken up as in committee of the
whole.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the bill was amended
by appropriating ten thousand dollars for the pay-
ment of pensions to the widows and orphans of
those officers, seamen and marines who were lost
on board the United States vessels Grampus and
Sea Gull, in compliance with the act passed the
present session for that purpose.
Mr. WOODBURY called the attention of the
Senate to one provision of this bill, which was a
new one, making appropriation for privateer pen-
sions.
Mr. EVANS said, in the committee, there was at
first some hesitation as to the continuation of that
provision in the bill. The privateer pension fund
was created by contributions of persons on private
armed ships during the last war, and originally
designed for the benefit of those wounded m the
privateer service. The sum amounted to §200,000 or
$300,000, and was sufficient for all the general pur-
poses of the fund. After a year or two Congress
passed two laws, paying pensions to the widows
whose husbands were killed in the privateer service.
This exhausted a large portion of the fund, al-
though it was large enough to meet the demands on
it. After a few years more, Congress passed another
law granting pensions to the widows of those who
died of wounds received in this service; the conse-
quence of which was, to destroy the privateer fund.
The fund for the invalids thus originally entitled,
and whom it was large enough to support, hav-
ing been u&ed up, Congress inserted an appropri-
ation for their support, on the ground that the fund
was recived and pledged to invalids of the privateer
service, and regarding the funds as having been con-
tributed by themselves. Congress having destroyed
the fund, it was nothing more than right that an ap-
propriation should be made merely to pay the inva-
lids, and not the widows, who were not entitled.
Mr. WOODBURY said he was not opposed to
the provision in the bill; and he did not rise for the
purpose of striking it out. Even the widows of
those men who died of wounds received in that ser-
vice had some claim upon the country; for they
died of wounds received (though in private armed
vessels) in sustaining the honor of the country, lie
did not wish however, that the Senate should act m
.tfthe dark.
Mr. WRIGHT rose and moved to strike out the
provision in the bill, under the impression that it
was to pay pensions to widows of those who died of
wounds received m this service, for whom the fund
was not originally designed; but having been inform-
ed by the chairman of the Finance Committee [Mr.
Etats] that the appropriation was to pay pensions
to invalids, for whom the fund was created, he with-
drew the motion.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and the
amendments being concurred in, the bill was read
the third time, and passed.
NAVAL SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate took up
for consideration, as in committee of the whol< , the
bill making appropriation for support of the naval
service for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1845.
Mr. EVANS said the Finance Committee report-
ed no amendments to the bill. The appropriations
were somewhat reduced from the estimates. He
proposed the following, however, as an additional
section to the bill, which was adopted, viz:
Jind be it father enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
be empowered to relinquish and pay all reservations ot the
ten per cent, upon deliveries made under contract* w ith the
Nav y Department, where these reservations have arisen, and
the contracts been afterwards extended; or where tho con-
tracts have been completed after the time of delivery by and
with consent of the department, or in all cases where the
contracts have been dissolved by the like consent, or been
put an end to, or an extension whereof been prevented by
operation of law, where no injury has been sustained by the
public service: Proiided, That this section shall not extend
or apply to any care where the reservations shall have been
made on contracts which have expired more than five years
before the 1st day of January last.
Mr. BAYARD said he had several amendments
to propose on behalf of the Committee on Naval
Affairs. He would remark that the bill reduces
very materially the estimate laid before Congress at
the beginning of the session. It was not the pur-
pose of the committee to enlarge the expenditures in
any general sense, or to make the number of persons
greater than at present belonging to the service.
The amendments were confined rather to the im-
provement of the bill in some of its features. The
first amendment he was instructed to submit was in
the 18th and 19th lines of page 2. As it now
stands, it piovides that the money"appropriated shall
not be applied to the payment of any officer of any
grade in the navy beyond the number in the respect-
ive grades that were in the service on the 1st of
January, 1842. The effect of that provision, as it
now stood, would be to deprive of pay those officers
who entered the service between the 1st of January,
1842, and the 4th of August of that year, when the
act passed restraining the number of each grade.
The effect would be to exclude the whole corps of
engineers who were permanently authorized by the
act of 31st August, 1842. In order to make the bill
conform, therefore, to existing law, it was necessary
to strike out the words "in the respective grades that
were in the service on the 1st day of January,
1842," and to insert the words "allowed by law in
the respective grades on the 1st day of September.
1842."
The amendment was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. B., the bill was further amend-
ed by adding after the clause appropriating $23,200
to defray the expenses of the hydrographical office,
the following: "For grading and enclosing Univer-
sity square, in the city of Washington, and building
a house for the superintendent of the depot of charts
and instruments, $20,000."
Mr. B. moved to strike out the word "disrated"
at the end of the proviso "that all persons who may
have been appointed as masters' mates since the 4th
of August, 1842, and who were not, at the time of
their appointment? able seamen of the first class,
shall be forthwith disrated," and to insert the fol-
lowing:
"Discharged, except Mich as shall have actually ^one to
sea; and those at sea shall be discharged and sent hack in
the first national ship returning to the United bUte>, and
paid to the period oi their return, and in ease no opportumty
for returning shall be presented before the expiration of the
cruise of the ship to v hich they are attached, then they
shall be discharged on the return of such ship, and paid to
that time."
The question was taken on the above, and it was
adopted.
On motion by Mr. B., the bill was amended by
adding at the end of the clause appropriating §38,618
for improvements and repairs at the navy-yard,
Brooklyn, the following:
"And the unexpended balance of the appropriation for the
said na\y-yaid ot $1-2'),100, made !>} the art entitled 'an set
making yppiopuations lor the navul s eivicelV>r the j ear
lS-U," appro\ul on the4th day of August, m the year ksl-3,
&haii he expended tinder the direction oi the Secretary of
the Na^y, ma continuance oftlievork ahoady commenced
at the said n *v y-ynrd, lor tlie construction oi a stone dry-
dock at that place. And the said dry-dock shall be con-
structed according to the plan and estimates heretofoie
made under the directions of the department, and m con-
formity to winch the work was commenced, subject to such
alterations as experience may ha\e shown to be necessaiy,
or as the said Secretary may think beneficial to the woik,
without an mciease ol the aggregate cost ol the dock ''
Mr. B. moved fuither to amend the bill by adding
at the cud of the clause appropriating $]G,337 for
improvements at the navy-yard, Pensacola, the fol-
lowing:
'•iipr the examination of the navy-3'ard and bottom of the
harbor of Pen^ciLola. lor the purpose of ascertaining w helhei
a dry-dork can be constructed, arid at what cost; Oud
whether a diy-dock, or a floating dock, with or without a
bas.nr and raihvaj * . would be most suitable for that place;
and the Secretary of the Xavj is hereby directed to appoint
a competent board ot otHcers and etigmeeis. to examine and
report to ( ongress, ot its next session, the relative proper-
lies and advantages oi a dry-dock, and oi the aJierent km lr>
of floating docks, \\ ith or without a ba-an and raihv<i)S.
$5,000.''
Mr. WOODBURY was understood to inquire
whether there was not an impropriety in confining
the examination to one point, with the view of con-
structing the dock there.
Mr. BAYARD said it was admitted on all hands
that one of the most important naval stations in the
Gulf of Mexico was Pensacola, which was so
much needed for the protection of our shipping
there. By this proposition , it was intended that the
harbor there shall be examined by boring to foow
what was the nature of the soil, and to know wheth-
er a dry-dock could be constructed there. It oiily
provides that the examination shall be made, but
not that a dry-dock shall be constructed mere.
Doubts existed whether it would be best to have a
permanent or a floating dock. The amendment ap-
propriates the sum of $5,000 only, for the purpose
of paying the expenses of this scientific mode of ex-
amination, that this question might be finally settled.
Mr. WOODBURY said this was going to work
the right way. He was perfectly willing that there
should be a dock there, if, after examination, it was
found to be a good place for that purpose. At the
same time, he was satisfied that a similar examina-
tion should be made of other yards. In order that
it might be done, he would move to amend the pro-
posed amendment by adding the following, viz:
"And that a similar examination be made at the navy-yard
near Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and a report made on
the expediency of making a dry-dock there "
The amendment to the amendment having been
agreed to, the amendment as amended was adopt-
ed.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the clause appro-
priating $43,635 for clothing of the marine corps,
was amended by adding the following, viz:
"And the President of the Uuited States is hereby author-
ized to direct the transfer of any unexpended balance of ap-
propriation heretofore made for the pay or subsistence of
the marine corps to the head of clothing for the marine
corps."
Mr. BAYARD moved to strike out the fourth
and fifth sections, as follows:
"Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no spirits rations
are hereafter to be furnished; and the Secretary of the Navy
h hereby authorized to make provision for the payment of
persons employed in the naval service of an equivalent in
money.
'Sec 5. And be it further enacted, That all corporal pun-
ishment be, and the same is hereby, abolished in the navy
of the United States; and all laws authorizing the corporal
punishment of any sailor, marine, or other person, m the
naval service of the United States, be, and the same are
herebj . repealed ''
A division of the question was called for.
Mr. TAPPAN said it was evident that there was
no worse nuisance in the service than spirits as a
part of the ration. It was not wanted as a part of
the ration for the sailor, or anybody else. It was no
benefit fo them, but rather injurious. As to the
other section of the bill—for the abolishment of
stripes in the navy—he would only say that he was
opposed to the inflicting of stripes, to the extent, at
least, to which it was now permitted. He would
prefer abolishing it altogether. As law now stands,
any commander may inflict twelve stripes, without
any court-martial. He was opposed to such a law.
it appeared to him that a prudent commander could
get along without inflicting any stripes.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he was for retaining
the spirit ration to sailors; they had had it from time
immemorial; and it was thought to be necessary,
from the exposure incident to their life.
Mr. BAYARD said an act of Congress passed in
1842, which regulated this matter. There was no
necessity for their taking spirit as a part of the
ration. By the existing law, if they do not choose
to take if, they need not do so. There was no offi-
cer who did not favor this particular nature of reform
—that is, of permitting a choice to the sailors of
taking spirits or not, at will.
Mr. WALKER concurred with the senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Tappan,] in his opinion that the spirit
ration was a nuisance, and that it was not beneficial
to any person. He did not see where it was made
a part of the regulation in any service, that spirit
should be a part of the ration. It was unnecessary,
and was calculated to do harm rather than good—to
engender bad habits.
Mr. McDCJFFlE was understood to say that, if
they were prevented from giving the spirit on great
and exciting occasions, they might as well abolish
the navy. He was opposed to giving it, however, as
a pait of the ration.
Mr. BAYARD said it was a rule now, that no
commander, officer, or midshipman, or any person
under twenty-one years of age, was entitled to the
spirit ration. So there was no danger of the ap-
prentices receiving the spirits. Those entitled to it
are permitted to relinquish the spirit ration if they
pleased, and to get its equivalent in money. If the
sailor does not want it, he need not take it; if he
does want it, he should have it.
