696
APPENDIX TO THE CONGftfiSSlONAL GLoSS.
#^ry1844i-
28th Cong.,... 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr.. Owen.
H. of Bepsi
or occasion of action than this was assigned or affected. It
was on thisallegation we were to stand for our defence.
. Well, was not action on this ground emulation of the J
spirit - aiut policy against which we made exclamation?
were we not propagandizing for slavery in Texas, agajnst
the'adverse propagandism of England'? Opposing to the
abstract declarations of a propagandist spirit the practical
carrying of the same spirit into eflect—the fact against the
abstraction? This same spirit was rife in our present time j
displayed itself on all sides; was multiform in political, in
social development. It had been found in essay against the
elective form of chief executive magistracy in the partition
of Poland; in furious force in the anarchical excesses of
French, jacobinism,- against domestic order and general
crusade agaidst monarchical institutions. It stood now em-
bodied in the well arranged combination of European pow-
ers, to repress the development and triumph of republican
principles and liberalized ^political institutions, its most
general social form just now, and direction, was to the de-
nunciation and overthrow of negro slavery, without any
discrimination of time, or mode, or estimate of consequent
ces. In this form^ it raged with an intense virulence
among ourselves, already breaking the concord and threat-
ening fast the stability of the Union. Whether tested by its
malignity of temper or mischievousness of influence, there
was no spirit more to be condemned and resisted. Indeed,
It imposed the necessity of resistance as a law, as its wont
was to keep no terms of faith or humanity. And this resist-
ance :~was equally to be waged when themischief took the
form of advancement or of obstruction of our own modes of
policy! x
au views, then, which he (Mr. A.) could take of the
questions involved, led him to refuse his assent to the ac-
ceptance of this treaty. One view there was on which he
forbore to insist, not because it had been exposed ade-
quately by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Bknton,] but
because he revolted from the details. He referred to the
mode in which the achievement of the treaty had been ef-
fected, the assent of Texas obtained to its adoption The
treaty, so far from having been sought on the part of Texas,
had been repelled, then presented again, witn circumstan-
ces of false statements, cajolery, menace, and the surren-
der of a military and naval fofce, without color of consti-
tutional authority, to the peremptory requisition of the Tex-
ian authorities.
One further topic remained, to which its relation to his
own quarter of the country required him to advert. This, at
the outbreak, had been regarded as a question exclusively of
southern interest and policy—this annexation of Texas. It
was to give augmented territory and wealth to the popula-
tion of the slaveholding States, and extension to their pro-
portionate political influence. Mr. A. said he was not one of
those' southern men who ever introduced this slave question
into tho halls of Congress, or into discourse here, knowing
it to constitute matter of a pure domestic concernment.
Nothing outraged him more than the temper and language of
southern public men, authorizing the most unjust and un-
founded, inferences, that our constituents at home were full
of disturbance, anxiety, and alarm on this subject, of the dis-
position manifested in Congress, and amid the northern and
eastern population, to disregard the guaranties by which
property in slaves was held—mind, he did not say under the
.constitution. He held the argument of safety to this form
of property from that guaranty in disdain. The resort to it
implied that our rights of property, recognised by ourselves
feerore the constitution, stood in need ofthe protection of this
guaranty ofthe constitution! Or, recognised by ourselves
now, after the formation of the constitution, still stood in
need of this guaranty! What guaranty? The consent of
other people, withfno right of control or dictation to us, to
our designation" of our forms of property or modes of tenure
of it. Seek the aid of this guaranty, (said Mr. A.) invoke
it eternally as my safeguard?-; No. For one southern man,
he cast it to the winds! Whatever his State had before the
constitution, she retained under that instrument, unless it
had bee# conceded by it. Her guaranty for her slave prop.
£ity,under the constitution, was not the recognition m the
constitution, {though it was there.) It was the recognition
by defect of evidence of surrender by the constitution. This
guaranty was higher by antecedence and by dignity than
ihe guaranty of tne constitution.
His constituents felt no portion of this blazoned and bel-
lowed apprehension and concern on account of the clamors
or the projects of the horde of abolitionists distilling an in-
nocuous venom. His State left all this form of delence to
another quarter. No man in Virginia, whatever might b«
said here, laid his head on his pillow perturbed by the machi-
nations of the abolitionists, or only perturbed by a sense of
the folly, arrogance, and malice, which, in impairing the
concord, put to trial the foundations of the Union.
The South, he (Mr. A.) hoped, was devoted to the Union,
not merely on account of the common, signal, multiplied, in-
appreciable benefits it conferred, but from the opeiation of
influences stronger, more holy, than the sense of benefit—
the associations -Which spring from the cost at which it had
been acquired—the recollection of the men by whom it had
been achieyed. It had superadded, in the larger portion of
the South, the guard of reverence to the belief of interest.
Yet, let the North and East, with or without cause, and,
more especially, from a temper of insolent intrusion into con-
cerns not submitted to the common jurisdiction, manifest the
inclination to dissolve the Union, and the South was ready
to stand by itself. For one southern member, if he should
"be here when proceedings tending to this issue should be
precipitated, he should be found, and recommending to his
coadjutors to be found, "calm as a summer's morning," af-
fording inaipation by no word or manner of any feeling of
irritation or otii^r feeling than contempt for unparalleled
and suicidal folly. v7pre it possible, indeed, for this folly
4o pass into a graver form, "to assert itself in action trans-
gressing the limit of the free and slave population, (an ex-
treme not to be coacejred; he (MV, Adid not conceive it,)
then it was only necessary to say tfyat s^all would be the
number to return to narrate il?e .ifjsm.al tale atrocious in-
fatuation and miserable catastrophe.
. He {Mr. A.) could bring a. composure, £nd fye
hoped frankness, to the discussion of tjxe Interest ,of t)i,e
South and sjayeholding region of the Union in -this subject
'of the annexation of Texas. The persuasion was common
?f great pecuniary advantage being involved to the Sgitfh,
and a necessary and great extension of thejsphere of slavery •
and slave influence. These apprehensions involved great
mistake. The benefit in a pecuniary form would, for a con-
siderable time at least, enure almost exclusively to differ-
ent portions of the Union, and the sphere of slavery and
slave influence would be eventually not extended, but cir-
cumscribed and reduced. The first effect of the annexation
would be highly injurious, little short of ruinous, in a pe-
cuniary view, to the slaveholding regions, in every aspect
in which the subject could be,regarded.
The lands in Texas were so incomparably superior to the
southern lands that the difference could with difficulty, be
estimated. -A depression, and a great one, in the price of
these lands, must oe immediately experienced. But then it
was said that a proportionable increase would be felt m the
*prices of labor. But would this occur? The moment Texas
should be opened to our people, they would rush from-all
quarters to the new-found El Dorado, taking their black la-
bor with them. Now, the value of slaves depended on the
value of what they raised; and tobacco and rice, and cotton
and sugar, being all low, how could the price of slave labor
rise'' The market was already glutted with its products.
How, then, could it undergo the enhancement of price or
value** This remark had application to the entire South,
from Maryland to the Mississippi valley. What, then, was
to be the true value of annexation to the South? It was
true of Texas, as it was true of adl new countries, that for a
time slave labor was very valuable, and so it must continue
as long as the prices of all sorts of produce were high; but
these prices, after a time, underwent inevitable subsidence,
and, by degrees, as production multiplied, th'ey would fallso'
low as .to be inadequate to the just maintenance of slave-
labor, which was expensive from various causes, and espe-
cially the disproportion between the laborer and the non-ef-
fective persons connected with him. In Pennsylvania and
in New Jersey, and other northern States, they once had
slaves, and they made a great merit of having given them-
emancipation. -But he (Mr. A) would (put it to any candid
man north of Maryland to say whether now the' subjects of
culture prevalent in those States would hear the expense of
slave-labor? Slaves were prolific; they usually had large
families; their proprietor, while he maintained these, had lit-
tle further compensation than from the labor only of the
father. "For the labor of one man he had often to support
ten or a dozen persons. Would the products of the North
bear this'* They would not; and the inference was, that,
wherever there was not some peculiar and very valuable
product, such as tobacco or cotton, rice or sugar, slave la-
bor grew to be too expensive, and must ccasc. There did not
exist a country on the globe, not Flanders or China, which
could endure the expense on mere grain and vegetable pro-
ductions. This condition of things' was fast coming both on
Maryland and Virginia. Missouri and Kentucky were so
mudi better adapted to the production of tobacco, their pe-
culiar staple, that these States must speedily sustain the
change from a planting to a farming character of their agri-
culture. Mr. A. would ftot allow the North tlmt vast
amount of merit it claimed for the emancipation of its slaves.
The northern States could never have advanced as they had
done, or at all, had their labor been retained in this condi-
tion. The time would come in all merely farming coun-
tries having slave labor, that it was not the slave who would
run from the master, but the latter who would run from the
slave, where the labor of the slave would no longei yield
resompense to the master, nor the means of the adequate
maintenance to himself, which was equally .his due, in view
of true economy, moral obligation, and humanity.
Here, then, were to be the effects of annexation on the
South. At first, depression of the value of lands, no enhance-
ment in the price of its peculiar labor, but the certain
(though gradual and slow) discharge of this labor from a
region of deficient recompense and subsistence to a scene of
adequate remuneration—the result of the value and demand
for uie productions of slave labor there.
Did this result of keeping open a drain for slave labor in
Texas involve no advantage to the slaveholding States?
Certainly, the highest advantage. But it was riot present
pecuniary advantage, nor did it tend to the extension of a
slavehglding influence in the government. The number of
slaveholding States increased, in the event of the annexa-
tion of Texas, by one or two, would, in the ultimate result,
be diminished; slavery would be removed from the southern
Atlantic States, probably three of the western States now
admitting it. The sphere of slavery, the number of slave-
holding States, the amount of slaveholding influence in the
national councils, would be reduced. The gain would be
great to the slaveholding State* and to humanity in the pres-
ervation of a better condition of the slave. The gain would
be'.no less to the free States, not only in the addition of
slave States to their number, but in the infusion of their
own population to supply the place of the proprietors who
would remove with the slaves, and leave to their acquisi
tion the land as it became unoccupied.
But would not slave labor, it w ouid be asked, become re-
dundant too in Texas, and the evil of this redundancy be
only transferred not diminished! The answer was, nrst,
this condition of things, full of calamity to all parties—the
slave, and the master, and the community—would be post-
poned. Secondly, it would be alleviated by concentration.
Thirdly, the avenue of relief and escape irom it would be
open in the contiguity to Texas of countries which would
not refuse admissson to the redundant slave labor, not as
slave but as free labor.
There were two terminations to social slavery. The
first was the discharge and intermixture of the slaves with
the free portion of the population in an equality of civil
condition. This mode of termination could be never real-
ized at the south If it could, the result would be full of
mischief to the north, as of destruction to the south. A
large proportion of two and a half millions of persons, un-
fitted for the enjoyment of civil privileges, seeking subsist-
ence in all modes, preferably to the exercise of industry,
would be precipitated on the north, to exhaust its charity,
fill its poor-houses with lazars, its prisons with crime, and
turn its philanthropy to cruelty, from the necessity of self-
protection. A member of the" House of Representatives
from New York had exhibited at this very session evidence
of strong and sober sagacity, in making, on the floor of that
1body", a declaration to the effect that, if the south should
ever decide to emancipate its slaves, the north would be
driven to take arms to prevent it, from" ah. obligationof self-
preservation. Never opinion was better founded; and if
such a crisis were to come, which it could only do by occlu-
sion of discharge to the remotesouth, of the redundant slave
population, bitter would be the retribution of the north, for
the unfraternal, inconsiderate, and most injudicious temper'
which so- many of its people are sot ashamed to indulge to-
wards the south on this subject of her slave institutions. _
The second ofthe two modes of terminatiortof social sla-
very was by convulsion such as bad been witnessed in St.
Domingo, terminating its existence in overthrow, not eman-
cipation. Such is the termination-,which must ensue when
the slaves grow out of all proportion in number to the mas-
ters, as their tendency is to do. This was the form ofthe
evil with which the southern slaveholding States were,
threatened, if the appropriate drain, forJ their -redundant
slaves should come to be obstructed. The question foT-the
north to reflect on was, whether a condition of society of
this character in the south should be more the object of fa-
vor in a moral, poltitical, or commercial view of the conse-
quences which its introduction would involve, than the
continuance of a state of things like the present. Common
sense must be lost in the vapor of fanaticism, in men who
should fail to see an interest of the-whole Union, hardly in-
ferior in magnitude or directness to that of the immediate
south, in this momentous subject.
One other topic (Mr. A. said) he had to advert to, and he
would bring his trespass on the attention of the Senate to a
conclusion. Not a senator, he believed, had addressed us
in advocacy of the treaty, but had insisted that Texas must
be taken now, by this treatj , or be lost. On the instant of
our refusal of the treaty, she was to throw herself into
subjection, political or commercial, to Gre&t Britain.. The
cabalistical phrase "now or never,'" was pointed at our bo-
soms to awaken the nerve of our terror. The senatorfrom .
Missouri had placed this subject in its just point of view.
Of whom was the population of Texas composed' Not
descendants even—our own people! Were they going to
recolonize to England? Forget tne associations in which
they had been nurtured?' Renounce the pride in which
they lived, that they were sprung from the men of our rev-
olution? -The yoke which we threw off'at the revolution,-
the heaviest pressure of it .commercial—was it men'that
stood in the same relation with ourselves to the revolution
who were going to put it on their neck's? The senatorfrom •
Missouri had answered forthe friends he had in Texas. He
(Mr. A.) had one friend there, for whom he would answer,
that he would abjure this imputation "on his adopted State,
and, in any extremity of her circumstances, renounce this
refuge for her, which she was accused of designing to seek.
But, even though the question presented by uie treaty
was the acceptance of Texas "now or never," w*re we at
liberty even then, in the admitted reality oi this choice of
alternatives, to forego the obligations which invoked our
rejection of the treaty? The reality of broken faith, the
imputation of unscrupulous aggrandizement—these were
the considerations we were to pay. Our friends of Texas
would cease to set value on the Union were this tjhe cost,
never desiring association'with us but in-honor.
If, then, this was decided to be tliQ election presented to
us—annexation in the circumstances of this treaty—by this
treaty now. of annexation never—if this were truly'the real
question, now or never, was there room for hesitation? No!
The loud exclamation! let it go out from this hall—resound ,
through this land—reverberate from Texas—Never! oh,
never!
SPEECH OF MR. OWEN,
OP INDIANA.
In the Home of Representatives, May 21, 1844—Oh
ftp right and duty of the United States now to ac-
cept the offer made by Texas of annexation.
{The navy appropriation bill being under discus-
sion, in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and the subject of the annexation of Texas
having been introduced, in connection with the navy
estimates, by several gentlemen,], *
Mr. OWEN said: 1 desire to offer a few remarks
on a subject which was drawn into the present de-
bate yesterday by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Holmes,J and,the gentleman from New
Hampshire; [Mr. Hai.e,] and which has been dis-
cussed to-day by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Hunt.] ~
I have not forgotten, sir, that a few weeks since,
when I opened the debate on the important subject
of the tariff, I was.almost taken to task, as for pre-
sumption, by a gentleman on the opposite side. If
now, because I seek the ear of the House at this
early period of discussion, on a question even more
exciting, it may seem just cause for apology, that I
address you before older and more experienced mem-
bers have spoken, I have to say, that it is facts,
rather than opinions, I purpose briefly to present;
facts, some of which, though separately and in a
general way known to many, may still, in their au-
thentic and connected form, not yet have fully pre-
sented themselves to a portion of my fellow mem-
bers; among the rest, if I may be permitted to judge
from his remarks, to the gentleman from New York.
And if there be a subject the facts connected with
which should, at this juncture, be dispassionately,
deliberately, scrupulously examined by American
statesmen, that subject is the annexation of Texas.
This duty of examining for ourselves, slw&ys im-
perative, acquires additional urgency from the pres-
ent aspect of the subject. Those who are accus-
tomed to seek opinions in distinguished authorities
