CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
68$
and entertain more or less frequent communication with the
father-land. Most letters now go by the way, of .England or
(the greatest part) by Havre. On the English route, they
are subjected to a transit postage, by which the postage on
a single letter, when it arrives in Germany, will amount to
j?2 cents—Which s'e.'ems to oe, and in fact is, an exorbitant tax
to thdsfiwhO are iti the habit of sending letters through the
whole length of Europe for one-fourth of that amount, in
consequence of the recent reductions of postage in France,
Austria, Prussia, and almost all European nations. Besides
this, those who mail letters from the United States, via Eng-
land, to the continent of Europe, have to -pre-pay the inland
postage here—which brings the postage of every single let-
ter to aboat one dollar, to say nothing of double and mani-
fold letters. On the route via Havre, the cost is not much
less. Every newspaper passing through England is charged
one shilling postage.
As England has reciprocity conventions with'most post
departments on the continent of Europe, such direct ar-
rangements would be no less desirable between the Post Of-
fice Department of the United States and the continental
post officees—unless an arrangement could be effected with
Great Britain to induce her to reduce the transit foreign
postage.
As the post office law of the United States now stands, the
inland postage only can be paid (and it must be paid in all
cases) m the United States. As letters are forwarded very
irregularly and without official security, by casual vessels,
by Bremen and Hamburg, at least, and other continental
ports, except Havre; and as those vessels are under no reg-
ulations as to their charges for the carriage of letters, &c.,
which is paid to them at the post offices at Bremen, Ham-
burg, &c., on the delivery of the letters at those offices,
an additional charge is added to the further continental in-
land postage; great inconveniences result ami losses arise,
and; in fact, total failures of all attempts at such communi-
cation.
vThe postage, under the arrangements which are proposed
by the amendment now offered, would, in almost all cases,
b& prepaid in the United States by the senders, whose bet-
ter circumstances generally enable them to do so with east-;
as the postage which appears comparatively trifling here,
according to the valuation of things on the continent of
Europe, would be considered a heavy and exorbitant tax,
which even persons in easy circumstances there are un-
able or unwilling to pay. In consequence, letters of great
private interest, as well as those upon important business
matters, to private persons or officials, magistrates, judicial
authorities, or corporate bodies, frequently remain m post
offices unattended to on account of the inability of poor re-
lations, or the want of funds and authority in official bodies
to receive and pay for them.
So deeply is the want of these facilities of internationa-
communication with Germany felt, and so urgent is the del
mand for them, that, of late years, private individuals have
made a business of travelling as letter carriers between the
United States and Germany. These carriers undertake the
safe delivery of letters to all parts of Germany, and the re-
•turn of answers to them. No less than six such agents have
already announced their intentions to start on a trip of this
kind from Cincinnati and that neighborhood during the
present year to Germany and the contiguous parts of France.
It will be obvious, then, that such arrangements will attord
great convenience to hundreds of thousands of persons in
the United States, who now have occasion to write letters
of friendship or business; to make remittances; to send pa-
pers or parcels to the continent of Europe, and to receive
the like in return. It would greatly increase the communi-
cation between the two countries; it would be productive
of all those innumerable advantages and mutual benelits (in-
tellectual, political, agricultural, mechanical, and commer-
cial) which flow from an increased and enlarged national in-
tercourse, and be consonant with the progressive and im-
proving spirit of the times, and with other*relatioris of a
more extended intercourse about to be established between
this country and Germany.
It would add greatly to the wealth of this country by fa-
cilitating the collection in and drawing from Europe inheri-
tances, legacies, and other claims falling due to inhabitants
of the United States, amounting in the aggregate, annually,
to a large sum, of which a great portion is now lost, for the
want of facilities of intercommunication; and because many
of the individual claims are too small to justify the expense
which wouid be necessarily incurred in the employment of
an agent to visit Europe and give his personal attention to
the business.
Considering the great number of persons in this country
who are in want of suchfacilities; the number of letters now
sent to and received from Euxope; the great proportionable
increase of correspondence to and from Germany. contingent
upon such a measure, and the certainty that almost all let-
ters would be prepaid m the United States, and that, on bal-
ancing accounts with the corresponding foreign post offices,
the balances would always be in favor of the United States,
it is believed that it would greatly augment the revenues of
the Post Office Department, which it is thought might at a
low estimate be computed at not less than $25,000 per an-
num; but should such calculations fail, at all events it can-
not amount to more than two-fifths of a cent per head, com-
pared with the number of the German population in the
Union, a matter too small to be considered.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed, and
then read the thud time, and passed.
Mr WINTHROP asked leave to offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the HoTise of Representatives
be directed to furnish to such members of the present House
of Representatives as have not already received them, such
books as were furnished to the members of the ii6th and
27th Congresses, including the 14th volume of Register
Debates, and the Congressional Globe, and Appendix, pub-
lished by Blair & Rives, provided that thk resolution shall
not be construed to authorize the reprinting of any of said
books.
Objections being made by some,
Mr. WINTHROP moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. G. "W. JONES called for the yeas and nays on the sus-
pension of the rules; but a sufficient number not rising,
they were not ordered..
Mr. WINTHROP moved the previous "question* which
was seconded by the House.
Mfi O. W-. JONES called for the yeas and nays On order-
ing the main question, and demanded tellers on the yeas and*
nays, who reported—20 ayes, and 125 noes.
The CHAIR decided that there was not a sufficient num-
ber to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the resolution: on the
table, and demanded the yeas and nays, which were order-
ed
Mr. C. J. was proceeding to make some remarks when he
was interrupted by loud and frequent calls to order.
Mr. CARItOLL begged leave to inquire if the old mem-
bers had not been furnished with books.
Mr. C.JOHNSON said that he had not; and made some
other remarks, which were drowned amid loud calls to or
der.
Mr. DROOMGOLE rose to make an inquiry.
Mr. WINTHROP objected to any mquiiy whatever.
Mr. DROMGOOLE &aid the gentleman did not object
when the gentleman from New York [.Mr. Carroll] made
an inquiry. He desired to make an inquiry as to a matter of
fact
The CHAIR said the remarks of the gentleman were out
of order. No debate could be entertained.
Mr. W. J. BROWN said he wished to know whether there
were any books on hand, or whether the Clerk would have
to purchase them
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that there were no books on hand,
and that the Clerk would have to purchase them.
The question was then taken on laying the resolution on
the table, and decided m the negative—> eas 61, nays 111, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Arlington, Ashe, Atkinson,
Baker, Bairinger, Benton, Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V.
Brown, William J Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, gReuben Chapman, Coles,? Cullom, Dana, Darnel, Dar-
rah, R ichard D. Davis, Dromgoole, Elmer, Failee, French,
By ram Green, Hammet, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Hun-
gerford, James B. Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Cave John-
son, PerleyB.Johnson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Andrew Kennedy, Preston King, Kirk^atrick, Labranche,
Lucas, Lyon, McClelland, McKay, Joseph Morris, Peyton,
D. S. Roid, Reding, Rhett, Ritter, Russell, St. John, Saun-
ders, Thomas II. Seymour, Thomas Smith, riteenrod, John
Stewart, Thompson, Tuckei, Williams, Woodward, and
Joseph A. Wright—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Barnard, James A. Black,
Bowlin, Brmkerhoft", Brodhead, Buffington, Shepherd Can',
Carroll, Catlin, Causm, Augustus A. Chapman, (.liappefl,
Chilton, Clinch, Clingman. Cobb, Collamer, Garrett Davis,
John W. Davis, Dawson, Det n, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey,
Dillingham, Douglass, Dunlap, Ellis, Ficklm, Fish, Foot,
Foster, Giddings, Goggm, Willis Green, Grinnell, Halo,
Hamlin, Haralson, Ilarper, Hays, Ilerrick, Hoge, Hubbell,
Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin,
Jameson, Jenks, J. P Kennedy, D. P. King, Leonard, Lump-
kin, McCauslen, Maclay, McClernard, McConnell, McDow-
ell, McJlvaine, Marsh, Mathews, Edward Joy Morris,
Morse, Merely, Nes>, Newton, Norris, Owen, Patterson,
Pho?nix, Pollock, EKslia R Potter, Emery D. Potter, Pratt,
Preston, Purdy, Charles M. Reed, Relfe, Roberts. Robinson,
Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Slidell, Al-
bert Smith, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Spence, Ste-
phens, Stetson.Andrew Stewart, Stone, Strong, Summers,
Taylor, Thomasson. Tibbatts, Tilden, Tjlei] Vance, Vin-
ton, Wetliered, Wheaton, White, Wmthiop, and William
Wright—111
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. SIMONS, after the roll had been called through,
asked leave to record his name in the affirmative. He was
m the House, but not within the bar, when his name was
called.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order, as the gentleman
was not within the bar when his name was called.
The question was then put on the passage of the resolu-
tion; and it was decided in the affirmative
Mr. WINTHROP moved a reconsideration of the vote on
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. C. JOHNSON called for the yeas and naj s
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being taken, result-
ed thus: yeas 67, nays 10-3.
So the vote was not reconsidered
Mr. BURKE, pursuant to notice heretofore given, moved
the printing ofo,000 extra copies ol the report of the select
committee on the Rhode Island memorial.
Objections were made m various quarters,
The orders of the day were called for; and therefore the
resolution was not received.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The following executive communications were then pre-
sented to the House:
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, tiansmittmg the
information called for b\ a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 31st January last, in relation to the sala-
ries and payments made to certain persons, and lor certain
objects, during the years 1838, 1839, 1840, ISil, 184-2, and
1843.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, tiansmittmg a
report from Piofrssoi W R. Johnson, ol Philadelphia, ot a
series of experiments upon cool, made in pursuance of the
act of September 11, 1841, making appropriations for the
purchase of naval ordnance, stores, and for other pur-
poses.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury ad interna,
transmitting two reports, in answer to the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 29th January last, relative
to the amount of fees returned as received by district attor-
neys, clerks of the district and circuit courts, and marshals
ol the several districts of the United States
A letter from the Comptroller of the Treasurv, transmit-
ting. in conformity to the act of the 3d March, 1809, "to
amend the several acts for the establishment and regulation
of the Treasury, War, and Navy Departments," and of the
act passed on the 3d March, 1817, "to piovide for the prompt
settlement of public accounts,"' a statement of balances on
the books of the treasury remaining due for more than three
years.
SENATE SILLS;
Th6 following tills and resolutions from tlie Senate ivete
read a first and second time, and referred to appropriate
committees.4
A joint resolution for the relief of certain claimants un-
der the Cherokee treaty of 1836.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the resolution be put upon
its passage-
Mr. C.JOHNSON objected, and spoke at some length
against the passage of the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN explained, and defended it, and conclu-
ded by moving the previous question on the third reading.
The previous question was sustained, and the main ques-
tion was ordered to be now put.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered; andbe-
ing taken, were yeas 105, nays 50.
The resolution was read a third time.
Mr. THOMPSON made some observations in favor of its
passage.
Mr. COBB moved the previous question. It was second-
ed, and the main question ordered to be now put, viz: on the
passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays weie demanded; but they were not
ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
A bill for the relief of Mark Simpson:*referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
A bill for the relief of Mary Reeside, executrix of the last
will and testament of James Reeside, deceased: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
An act to recognise the sales of public lands m Louisana
and for other purposes: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
An act respecting the northern boundary of the State of
Missouri. Some amendments were offered and adopted, and
the bill was read a third time and passed.
An act for the lulief of Asa Andrews: referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
An act supplementary to an act to authorize the Secretary
of State to liquidate certain claims therein mentioned: re-
feried to the Committee on the Judiciary.
An act for the payment of certain arrearages equitably
due to the Stockbridge and Munsee nation ol Indians, and
for other purposes: referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs
An act for the relief of Walter S. Alexander and others:
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A resolution for the relief of Seth"M. Leavenworth: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads*.
A lesolution explanatory of an act making appropriations
for the payment of revolutionary and othfer pensioners of
the United States, for tire fiscal year ending the 80th Junfe,
1845: leforred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
A resolution to authorize the sale, or other disposition, of
a lot of ground belonging to the United States in the city of
Savannah: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Senate bill No. 10 was taken up, the question being on
agreeing to the amendment ot the Senate to the amendments
ofthe House. The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of Valentine Geiseyr, deceased,
were read and concurred m.
Mr. McK AY, from the Committee of Ways and Means, to
which was referred the bill of this House entitled an act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
ofgovernmentforthe fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1844,
and for other purposes, reported the same back with amend-
ments.
The lull was lefcrred the Committee of the Whole House
on the state, of the Union.
The Hou&e proceded to the consideration of the bill from
the Senate (No 20) entitled an act to provide for the adjust-
ment of land claims within the States of Missouri, Arkansas,
and Louisiana, and m those parts ol the States of Mississip-
pi and Alabama, south of the 31stdegieeof north latitude,
and between Mississippi and Perdido rivers.
The question being on the adoption of the following
amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union:
"Add at the end of the first section, the following:
"Provided, That no claim which, by any act of Congress,
lias been hexetofore barred or declared to be null and void,
shall be emluaced within the provision of the act "
Mr. W. J. BROWN moved to amend the amendment by
adding a further provision.
The question was then taken on concurring in the amend,
ments of the committee, and carried.
The bill was then ordered to be read a thiid time.
Mr. SLIDELL moved the previous question.
Mr HAMLIN moved a call of the House: rejected.
The question being put on seconding the call lor the pie-
vious question, it was decided m the negative—ayes 66,
noes 78.
The call for the previous question not having been sec-
onded,
Mr. VINTON addressed the House for a short time in op-
position to the bill aaid amendment, but the hour of halt-past
2 o'clock arriving, his remarks were arrested by the Chajr,
and the House took a recess until 4 o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
At four o'clock the SPEAKER resumed the chair.
A message from the Senate w as received by the hand of
A. Dickons, esq , their secretary.
A quorum not being present.
Mr. J. BR1NKERHOFF moved a call.
This motion, by yeas 26. nays 27, was rejected.
Mr BR1NKERHOFF then moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The yeas and naj s were demanded and ordered, and being
taken—were yea« 4, nays 129.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ADAMS desired leave to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER remarked that there was a question before
the House, and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vim or*] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr ADAMS said it was only a resolution of inquiry.
The SPEAKER said the resolution could not be entertain*
