'TOO
APPENDIX TO TtiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
May," 1844
28th Cong.. ..1st Sess.
Annexation of-. Texas—Mr. Owen.
H. of Reps.
his fellow-citizens of the South—brethren of the
same Union—as
"These cotton and tobacco lords, these pimps of slavery;"
and then thus recklessly seeks to arouse .sectional
feeling against them:
"Shout, 'God for our New England!' and smite "them, hip
' and thigh,
The cursed race of Amalek, whose armor is a lie!"
To one other objection only, in ~ conclusion, will
my time permit me to advert. It is one which is
made, and earnestly made, by many good men.
Texas, it is sometimes said, is a wild, border coun-
try,. peopled by an outcast race, with more of un-
bridled enterprise than of law and order- about
them; and we scruple to admit such an one into our
peaceful and law-abiding Union.
- Indeed I Are our own doings so blameless; our
own hands so clean? Among us, here at home,
does liberty run never to license, nor riot interrupt
the even tenor of our national way? And what
shall we say—yes! even of that grave, time-hon-
ored State, in whose forests the duaker-colonist
once satidown, to treat for the land which his con-
science forbade him to seek to obtain by conquest?
What of William Perm's own city, of brotherly-
love? Can her citizens lay their hands on their
hearts, and lift their eyes to Heaven, and say, that
they are guiltless, even of appalling riot? guilt-
less of mid-day arson? guiltless of watching, with
Vandal-like joy, while the flames arose that reduced
the records of learning and of genius, piled up, a
bonfire in her very streets, to a heap of blackened
ashes? guiltless of shouts of savage exultation,
when the cross—that emblem enshrined as the ho-
liest in the hearts—the honest, if mistaken, hearts—
of thousands among he> own people—when that
yenerated cross, tottering on its lofty tower, to
which the hands of the civilized incendiary had ap-
plied the torch of persecuting vengeance—fell, at
last, in a shower of glittering sparks, and was buried
amid the burning ruins? And we , thank God we
are not as other nations, or even as this frontier ter-
ritory; peopled, as our self-righteousness would
have it, with publicans and sinners! When wc can
boast, that the galaxy on our own republican shield
shines out, at every moment, stainless and undim-
ined, it will be time enough to set about registering
each flitting cloud, that may have obscured, for a
brief season, the rising brightness of the lone star of
Texas!
Until that time arrive, let the consciousness of
our own sins inspire charity for those of our neigh-
bors. Let us regard the aberrations of young Lib-
erty, to adopt the sentiment of a graceful writer,
but as the dashing spray, which the swelling waves
of freedom occasionally cast beyond its legitimate
bound.
These brief remarks contain, I am well aware,
sir, but a sketch, and a very imperfect one, of the
facts and the law in this case; yet they embody that
which has convinced my own mind, that it is our
right, without waiting for the assent of Mexico, to
annex Texas to these United States; and that it is
our duty, at the request of Texas herself, to con-
summate, without unnecessary delay, and by such
legislative act as may be most appropriate, that an-
nexation.
Note 1.
This matter of boundary, about which much has been
said, is a very simple one; even supposing the Treaty of
Annexation ratified in its present form. By that Treaty,
(Article 1,) Texas cedes to the United States "all its terri-
tories^" no boundaries whatever being specified. "Whatever
territory Texas is lawfully entitled to, the United States
■would, therefore, by the ratification of that treaty, acquire;
no more and no less.
How did Texas acquire her title to her territory, and her
consequent right to transfer it to us? If by conquest and
undisturbed possession, then to what territory is Texas le-
gally entitled'' Clearly to whatever she has conquered,
and has peacefully possessed since the conquest; and, in
that case, any claim she may have set up, by her own law
or otherwise, to territory beyond what she has conquered
and peacefully possessed, (if any such claim there be,) is a
mere paper claim, conferring upon the claimant no right of
territory, and, of course, no power of transfer.
In this view of the case, the Treaty cedes to the United
States all that territory, to whatever boundary extending,
which, on examination of the facts of the case, shall ap-
pear to have fallen, by conquest, to Texas, and to have re-
mained, since that conquest, in her possession. In ceding
this territory to the United States, Texas can and does give
us a perfect title to it; she herself having such a title If,
under that cession, we claim territory not conquered from
Mexico and still possessed by her, (as Santa Fe and some
neighboring villages in the valley of the upper Del Norte,)
we claim that to which Texas^ by conquest has no right;
and to which (supposing her right based on conquest alone}
she has transferred, and can transfer, to us, none. But if
jsttcta a claim, without foundation, be set up, either by us or
by Texas, while it may conferno title, neither does it vitiate
any, that may be elsewhere found existing. The useful, as
law and common sense both teach us, is not invalidated by
the useless.
What the actual boundary is, set forth by metes and
bounds, to which, by conquest and possession, Texas is en-
titled, is. a matter determinable .only by a careful examina-
tion of the" facts, and a matter forming a proper subject for
a treaty of limits, and by such a treaty alone to be legiti-
mately.determined. "When these facts are ascertained, it
will probably appear, after all that has been said about vast
possessions east of the Del N^rte, -claimed by Texas but
occupied by Mexico, that Mexico has,^ in fact, retained in
her possession, unconqueredby Texas', but a narrow strip,
some fifteen or twenty miles wide at most, along the upper
Del Norte; and comprehending, beside Taos and Santa Fe,
a few straggling villages, not one of them populous or im-
portant. East of the Fuerconot a foot of land has remained
in possession of Mexico; nor, indeed, east of the dividing
ridge between the Puerco and the upper Del Norte. Over
a considerable portion of the wild and desert territory east
of the upper Del Norte roam the warlike tribes of the
Apaches, Camanches, and others; with most of whom
Texas has existing treaties, but Mexico none; and by whom,
the Texians are recognised as the owners of the soil.
That-Texas should have set up a claim to territory
bounded on the west by the Del Norte, from its estuary to
its source, and including the'towns of Santa Fe and Taos,-
aed sundry villages occupied by Mexicans besides, cannot
be matter of surprise, when we call to mind, that by the
"Articles of Agreement and Solemn Compact" signed on
the 14th of May, 1836, by President Burnet on behalf of the
Republic of Texas, and by Santa Anna, and his officers, on
behalf of Mexico, the boundary of the Republic of Texas
(of which by these articles the independence was acknowl-
edged) is given as follows:
"The line shall commence at the estuary or mouth of the
Rio Grande, on the western bank thereof, and shall pursue
the same bank up the said river, to the point where the
river assumes the name of the Rio Bravo del Norte, from
which point it shall proceed on the western bank to the head
waters, or source of said river, it being understood that the
terms Rio Grande and Rio Bravo del Norte apply -to and
designate one and the same sti earn. From the source of
said river, the principal head branch being taken to ascer-
tain that source, a due north line shall be run until it inter-
sect the boundaiyline established and described by the
Treat)* negotiated by and between the Government of
Spain and the Government of the United States of the
North, 8tc."--See .fiilicle 5.
Wheii by this "Solemn Compact," from which it is diffi-
cult to irr-aginp n hut valid excuse Mexico can frame for
receding it wos agreed, that such should be the western
boundary of Texas, it was surely most natural that, Texas
should, thereafter, so regard it; and,unless it can be shown,
that, by the law of nations, that compact was null and void,
such is, even now, the legal boundary of Texas.
Be the matter decided as it will, tile boundaries differ so
slightly, if at all, from those of that Texas which was con-
veyed to us by Franco in 1803, as not to touch the substance
of the argument, which goes to prove the duty ol mm-
ncxafion.
• Note 2.
Since the above inquiry was made, I have examined this
matter. I find, that, in the spring of 1834, General Almonte
was sent by the Mexican Government to report on the con-
dition of Texas. His report is quoted in "Kennedy's
Texas," vol. I.p. 69, et sequ. He says:
"In 1806 the Department of Bexar contained 2 municipali-
ties; San Antonio de Bexar, with a population of 5,000 souls,
and Goliad with 1,400; total 6,400." He adds there were no
negro laborer* —p. 72.
Again Kennedy says:
"The commissioner (Almonte) in a tabular return esti-
mates the whole population of Texas Proper in 1S34 at
36,300; of whom 21,000 are civilized inhabitants, and 15,300
are Indians "
"General Pike reckoned the whole number of inhabitants
in Texas, in the year 1807, at 7,000 souls."—Texas and the
Texians, vol. 1. p. 193.
Supposing the increase of population in Texas from 1806
regularly progressive, the above data give us upwards of
Twelve Thousand civilized whites as the population in 1819,
when Texas was ceded by us to the Spanish King,
Note 3.
The facts, in this case, are very strong, and are but a sam-
ple of the utter disregard of good faith habitually evinced
by Mexico in her transactions with Texas. The treaties on
the subject were signed not alone by Santa Anna, then a
prisoner, but bj General Filisola. his second in command,
and at liberty. Filisola was officially authorized thus to ne-
gotiate for tlie release of the captive President. Tornel, the
Mexican minister of war, on the 15th May (eleven days be-
fore the ratification) in reply to the official letter of Filisola,
announcing the defeat at St. Jacinto, says:
"His Excellency the Presidentpro tem. is in some meas-
ure consoled, that d General so experienced as your Excel-
lency should be the one who obtained the command, ?/ie
winch he expressly confirms. The first desire which hi<? Ex-
cellency has, is, that you address the enemy's General, ex'
acting from him, by decorous means* the liberty of the Presi-
dent General in ChicJ; or at least, during the time thij point
can be regulated, the consideration due to his high dignity
and to a person so distinguished m the annals of American
history, and for whose preservation the entire nation is in-
terested by gratitude and because he is the Chief of it. His
Excellency the President counts upon your Excellencies
directing all his efforts iv saie the remainder of the army?''
That it was solely by means of this treatv, "that Filisola's
portion of the army was saved, is abundantly proved by that
officer's own despatches. Underrate 13th May, he writes
to the Mexican government, that, on -receipt of the news, of
the battle of St. Jacinto:
"Alarm and discouragement were' general amongst all
classes; for it was-Deneved, that all the prisoners, the Pres-
dent included; would have been shot, a reprisal for the
conduct -observed in Beccat* and Goliad with theirs
He describes the retreating army as being-in a miserable
and helpless condition. -He says:
"The morning of the 1st of May presented to mysight-a
' spectacle truly horrible, and which can only be believed by
those who were witnesses; cannons, wagons, mules, ammu-
nition, and men, were all buried in the mud; all the provi-
sions which the purveyor of the army had, consisted of
some few bushels of beans and salt;, and, to heighten our
misfortune, there was no other firewood, as , I previously
observed, than the artillery carriages, wagons, &c. In the
army the dysentery was already commencing, and we were
without the means of cure, and without physicians."
In view of his condition, lie adds:
"If the enemy, under those critical circumstances, should
have met us on the only road that was left, nothing would re-
main, but to die or surrender at discretion
"On the second day, about3O0 of the enemy presented them-
selves to the rearguard of our scattered pieces and baggage,
and opened communications with Ampudia, the commander
of the rear-guard, who was scarcely able, in a small space, to
manoeuvre two four pounders, the only cannon he could
get out of the mud, and about 100 infantry; but they appeared
to have orders not to commit hostilities, and onhj to expedite
our crossing the Colorado/'
In regard to the treaties signed by himself and Santa Anna,
Filisola says:
"His excellency, in my humble opinion, In the treaties
that he agreed upon, and that I had the honor to send your
Excellency, acted with entire liberty, and had nothing more in
view, than the interest of his country. He was well aware of
the situation of the army," &c. - .
Thus it appears, from - the official testimony of Filisola
himself, that he, duly'authorized to treat with the Texians,
and Santa Anna, in view of the hopeless condition of the re-
maining army, stipulated for their lives and for his (Santa
Anna's) life; the consideration on Jthe part of Mexico being,
that she should acknowledge the independence of Texas.
Texas faithfully performed her part of the contract. „ Santa
Anna was restored to his country; four thousand Mexicans,
wholly at the mercy of the Texian army, were permitted to
depart unharmed: aml'Mcxico, who talks so loudly now
about the solemn faith of treaties, then turned round, after
value received, and shamelessly violated on her part, the
stipulation that had saved the lives of her army and its com-
mander.
Note 4.
Mr. Alexander JEverett, who was our minister to Spain
from 1825 to 1829, informed me, the other day, in reply to
my question on the subject, that during the whole of that
time, when the various negotiations were going on between
our government and Mexico for the purchase of Texas, not
a syllable of instruction was sent to him, to consult or con-
ciliate the Spanish government. He added, that, during all
that period, Spain stoutly and uniformly maintained, her
complete right to re-conquer her province of Mexico.
Note 5.
That it was a war of no ordinary, nor even civilized, char-
acter, to which, by our abandonment of Texas, we con-
demned her, the following extract from the communication
of Mr. Van Zandt, already referred to, may supply proof.
In reply to an inquiry of mine as to the manner in which
the war had been conducted by Mexico against Texas, Mr.
Van Zandt says:
"With respect to the violation of the rules of civilized
warfare by Mexico, the instances have been bothnumerous
ajid flagrant. The following .embrace some of the most
prominent
"In December, 1835, a detachment of the Mexican army
commanded by General Coss, capitulated at San Antonio.
He and his officers and men were permitted to retire upon
theirparole of honor, not to re-engage in the war. Yet in
the spring of 1836 he and a large number ot his forces who
had thus capitulated again engaged in the war against Texas.
He was made prisoner at San Jacinto; and, although he had
forfeited his life, was subsequently released."
Compare this conduct of the Texians with Mexico's, as
ffiven in the following extract, from the same communica-
tion:
"In March, 1836, Colonel Fannin and about three hundred
Texian volunteers, after a well-fought battle, surrendered
themselves as prisoners of war, ana were marched to Go-
liad, where, by order of General Santa Anna and in defiance
of express stipulations, and the rights of humanity, they were
marched out and shut. For a full account of this horrible
tragedy, I refer you to the letter of Dr. Shackelford, who
was one ot the prisoners, which I send herewith.
"On the 6th of March, 1836, the whole Texian force, at
the Alamo, consisting of about one hundred and fifty men,
were massacred and their bodies buri.t by the Mexican
army, under command of General Santa Anna.
"An expedition sent to Santa Fe in 1S41 surrendered as
prisoners under certain stipulations, which were most
grossly violated. Some of the Texians we're deliberately
murdered; others had their ems cut off and Were otherwise
maimed For a notice of this outrage, I refer you to the
letter ef the Hon. Daniel Webster to Mr. Thompson, pub-
lished by the last Congress.
"In the fall of 1S-42, General Woll entered San Antonio
and made prisoners of the officers of the court then in ses-
sion They were taken to Mexico and for a long time kept
in prison, and made to labor as felons, m violation of the
stipulations made at the time of their sunender.
"During the incursion of General Woll, a small body of
volunteers, about 40 in number, from La Grange, surren-
dered themselves as piisoners of war, nearly au of whom
were xmmediately shot
"At the town of Meir, in December, 1842, a party of
Texians, commanded by W. S. Fisher, after, an engagement
of 17 hours with a Mcxican force of ten tnnes their number,
