688
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, Mr. tJPHAM presented a petition from a num-
fefer Sf titizen& of Vermont iH favbr of a new mail-
rout^: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
Ana Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the memorial of the
corporate authorities of Cleveland, praying an ap-
propriation for the erection of a marine hospital at
that place, was ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Committee on
the Judiciary was discharged from the further con-
sideration of all matters pending before it not report-
ed upon.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Committee on
Naval Affairs was discharged from the further con-
sideration of all matters pending before it.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Com-
mittee on Commerce was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of all matters pending before it.
Mr. JARNAGIN made the same motion with
reference to matters pending before the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. MERRICK made the same motion with ref-
erence to the Post Office Committee; and
Mr. HENDERSON made the same motion with
reference to the Committee on Private Land Claims;
which were agreed to.
Mr. TAPPAN suggested the propriety of taking
up the general orders, and acting upon all matters
not leading to debate, and all the Senate bills which
•Wefe neeessary to be acted upon.
The CHAIR said that was the motion pending;
but,
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the previous or-
ders were postponed, and the Senate took up for
consideration, as in committee of the whole, the
joint resolution authorizing the accounting officers
of the treasury to audit ana settle the accounts of
William P. Zantzinger, who lost naval stores during
the chase of the Hornet, in the last war.
The resolution was considered, reported to the
Senate, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it do
pass, the joint resolution from the House, to make
arrangements for the transmission of the British
mail between Boston and Canada, and for other
purposes; and, on his motion, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the above was con-
sidered as in committee of the whole, reported to
the Senate, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BAGBY moved to postpone the previous or-
ders, for the purpose to taking up the several ter-
ritorial bills.
Mr. TAPPAN expressed the hope that the Sen-
ate bills which were necessary to be passed would
be first disposed of. The House bills could be acted
upon on Monday.
Mr BAGBY said the Territories had no imme-
diate representative on that floor to forward their
business. The territorial bills had been postponed
from day to day, and remained unacted upon. He
trusted that there would be no objection to taking
them up.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped the order of business
would be pursued as it was on the calander; the
business could be more readily disposed of.
Mr. EVANS hoped they would take up tke
House bills favorably reported upon.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bagby's
motion, and carried in the affirmative; and the fol-
lowing territorial bills from the House were taken
up, and considered as in committee of the whole,
reported to the Senate, read the third time, and
passed, viz:
The act granting to the county of Dubuque cer-
tain lots of ground in the county of Dubuque.
The act confirming certain entries of land in the
St. Augustine land district in the Territory of Flori-
da, made under the pre-emption law of the 22d June
1638. '
The act to authorize the legislatures of the sev-
eral Territories to regulate the apportionment of rep-
resentation, and for other purposes; and
The act to confirm to the city of Fernandina, in
Florida, certain lands reserved for public use by the
Spanish government.
THE APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. EVANS said the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, and the bill making appropriation for
the support of the army, had been returned from the
House of Repeesentatives with disagreeing voles of
that House to the amendments of the Senate; he
therefore moved, for the purpose of saving time, that J
the Senate insist on its amendments to those bills,
and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and two coftimitteea
of conference on the part of the Senate, consisting of
three members each, were appointed by the Chair,
to meet such committees as might be appointed on
the part of the House to confer on the disagreeing
votes.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to which had been referred
the bill respecting the northern boundary of the
State of Missouri, which had been returned from
House with two amendments, reported the same
back, with a recommendation that trie Senate concur
in the first and non-concur in the second amend-
ment: agreed to.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the pre-
vious orders of the day were postponed, and the
following territorial bills from the House were taken
up as in commiittee of the whole, considered, re-
ported to the Senate, and finally passed, viz:
The act making appropriation to aid in complet-
ing the harbor at Racine, on the western shore of
Lake Michigan.
The act making appropriation for certain improve-
ments on the western shores of Lake Michigan; and
The act providing for the erection of a marine hos-
pital at Key West, in the Territory of Florida.
ANNEXATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. McDUFFIE now rose and moved to take up
the Senate bill (191) providing for the annexation of
Texas to the United States; upon which he desired
to be heard in answer to the senator from Missouri,
| Mr. Benton.]
Mr. BARROW remarked that he had given no-
tice yesterday that he was not a party to the implied
contract that any more of the time of the Senate
should be wasted this session on a subject already
disposed of. He had no feelings of discourtesy to-
wards the Senator from South Carolina; but foresee-
ing that further debate would destroy all prospect of
getting through the real business awaiting the action
of Congress on the eve of adjournment, while he
would not deny the senator entitled to the floor the
hour promised him, he would oppose any prolonga-
tion of the discussion.
The bill was taken up—ayes 21, noes not counted;
and, at Mr. McDuffie's request, it was read through.
Mr. McDUFFIE then addressed the Senate for
an hour in defence of the conduct of the President
and Secretary of State in relation to the treaty for the i
annexation of Texas to the United States. I
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate for an hour
in reply to the Senator from South Carolina.
[The remarks of both senators are in preparation
for speedy publication.]
Mr. EVANS moved to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. McDUFFIE, before the question was taken,
desired to say that, having already refuted the argu-
ments which the senator from Missouri had now
but reiterated, he had nothing to reply to but what
might apply peisonally to himself; and he had dis-
covered only one allusion of this kind which called
for his notice. The honorable senator had adverted
to a message of his in 1836, before the recognition of
Texas as an independent nation. He had then said,
and he now reiterated the assertion, that if the Uni-
ted States, at that period, admitted Texas into the
Union, they would, by such annexation, make
themselves privy to the war with Mexico. He
would say to the honorable senator from Missouri
that the great difference between the senator and
himself was, that the senator was in favor of annex-
ation with Texas when it was only arcvolted prov-
ince, while he (Mr. Mc.D.) was opposed to it; and
now that Texas has been for eight years an inde-
pendent nation, lie is opposed to annexation, while
he (Mr. McD.) was in favor of it.
The bill was then laid on the table.
A message was here received from the House of
Representatives requesting that the bill for the ad-
justment of land claims in Louisiana, Mississippi,
Alabama, and Aikansas, should be returned for re-
consideration.
Mr. BARROW opposed the return of the bill, on
the point of order that his motion to concur in the
amendments of the House was pending when the
Senate adjourned last night.
The CHAIR decided against the point of order.
This point was debated by Messrs. BARROW
EVANS, BAYARD, BERRIEN, and WOOD-
BURY; all but Mr. BARROW sustaining the de-
cision of the Chair.
The bill was sent back to the House.
PROMISED RETRENCHMENT AND REFORM.
Mr. MOREHEAD, from the Committee on Re-
trenchment, presented a voluminous report from the
majority of the committee; ttnd, in doing eo, ob-
served that some years ago, on his motion, a new
standing committee had been raised in the Senate,
called the Committee on Retrenchment. When he
submitted that resolution, he had little idea that he
should himself be honored with the position of
chairman of the committee it proposed. That
duty, however, devolved upon him, and he had
had anxiously endeavored to perform it. He had
found the subject intrusted to the committee one of
greater extent and importance than he had imagined,
and involving unforeseen difficulties, which it was
almost impossible to surmount. The chief of those
difficulties arose out of the impracticability of ob-
taining the slightest information from the officers of
the government themselves, as to materials for in-
vestigation. The committee, during the whole time
of its sittings, had sought in vain for those lights for
reform and retrenchment, which it had a right to ex-
pect. It was only from the documentary returns to
Congress and the Blue Book, that any data for its
calculations could be derived. A great mass of
matter, however, had been accumulated and digested
into the order which now constituted the report.
The tables accompanying it were laboriously collated,
and required so much time in their preparation, that
they were not ready to accompany the report, which
had been a month made out, till yesterday evening.
This would account for its presentation without any
measure accompanying it to be acted upon this ses-
sion. A bill in conformity with it was in prepara-
tion, but not yet ready. It would, howeter, be laid
before the Senate early next session. He should
only desire, at present, to have the report laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed, that every senator
might have an opportunity of examining the subject
for himself, and come prepared to act upon it npxt
session.
Mr. FULTON, as a member of the committee, felt
that it was due to himself—forming, as he did, the
minority—to state that, upon learning that his report,
which was only completed yesterday, would be pre-
sented to-day, he requested time would be given to
him to prepare a minority report to accompany it,
which could not be done till next session; and that
he fully expected this time would have been al-
lowed.
Mr. MOREHEAD said the tables were not ready
till yesterday evening, but the report had been lead
to the senator from Arkansas some time ago.
Mr. EVANS said the report could lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. ALLEN hoped the motion to print would
not prevail; because, if the report was ordered to
be laid on the table, it was desirable it should lie
there, that senators could examine it and see what
it contained before they were called upon to vote
for printing it.
Mr. EVANS. The report need not be sent to the
printer, although ordered to be printed, when laid
on the table. It need not go to the printer till after
the adjournment.
Mr. MOREHEAD had no objection to that.
Mr. WALKER believed the ordinary rule was,
if objection was raised, to let the report and order
lie on the table one day. This would bring it to
Monday—quite time enough for taking the vote
upon it.
Mr. EVANS. It may belter be done now.
Mr. ALLEN moved to lay the pending motion
on the table.
It was decided in the negative.
Mr. WALKER now af.ked if every motion of the
nature of a resolution had not, under the rule, to lie
on the table one day.
Mr. EVANS said it did not apply to reports of
committees.
Mr. WALKER. Is not the motion to print
obliged to be reduced to the form of a resolution?
Mr. HUNTINGTON. It is an order.
Mr. WALKER. 1 desire the rule to be read.
The CHAIR read the rule, which says that all
resolutions shall, on being offered, lie over one day,
unless allowed to be considered by auagral consent.
Mr. WALKER. This is applicable to the reso-
lution to print. Now, before I can vote under-
standing^ for printing this voluminous and impor-
tant report, I desire to know what it is I am asked
to vote for printing.
Mr. ARCHER hoped the question would be put
to the Senate.
X 
*
b
15
%
I*
•%
*
an
h
n\
