COJV&RESSrONAX. GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
MONDAY, JUNE 17, 1844.
Volume 13....No. 44.
[ Continued from No. 43.]
Mr. HAYWOOD conceived it was only reason-
able that time should be given to examine the re-
port.
The CHAIR announced that, having looked into
the rules, it was obvious the senator from Missis-
sippi was right as to reports having to lie on the ta-
ble one day.
Mr. EVANS. The report must lie on the table;
but not the order to print.
Mr. HAYWOOD remarked that the very object
oflaying the report on the table was obviously to
enable senators to ascertain whether it contained
matter necessary or improper to print. If there
was nothing found in it improper for the Senate to
print, the order would, of course, be given next day.
How could senators, on the eve of adjourning,
know any thing about the contents of what they
were ordering to print, if the document is sent di-
rectly to the printer, without lying a single day on
the table for examination? None but a favored few
could know any thing about it till next session.
Mr. EVANS. It is just as easy to let the order
to print accompany the motion to lay on the table,
as to separate them, and take the vote on Monday
to print.
The CHAIR decided that, although the report
should lie on the table one day, the motion to print
was in order.
Mr. WALKER. If that be the rule, it is cer-
tainly a very extraordinary one. The report is to
lie on the table one day. It is there by the rule.
How is it to be got up for the motion to print, till
called up next day?
The CHAIR said there was no motion to take it
up. It was a motion to print a certified copy for
the use of the Senate.
Mr. WALKER. Then, if I am to vote for the
printing, I desire the report to be read, that I may
know what I am voting about.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought they might as well
decide the question now, as at any other time. He
was glad the Committee on Retrenchment had, at
last, made ^its long-anticipated report. That com-
mittee was formed at the commencement of the
extra session, immediately succeeding the election
of General Harrison to the presidency. It was
formed amidst a flourish of trumpets for investi-
gating and bringing to light the manifold abuses
of the preceding administration. The country was
promised, and expected, that the committee would
unfold these manifold abuses. And now, after
a three years' incubation, lo and behold ! we have
a report tardily brought forward into the Senate on
the last day but one of the session, without
one practical proposition to be acted upon, and
containing nothing but old threadbare and worn-out
disquisitions about government patronage. He was
willing to let his friend from Kentucky get rid
of his profitless incubation. He did not wonder
at his friend being tired of it at the end of three
years, finding that no person had been able to lay
his hand on a single item in the conduct of the late
administration, upon which a specific charge, or the
shadow of a charge, could be grounded. Let the
senator have as many copies of this report printed
as he pleased.
Mr. MOREHEAD recapitulated what he had be-
fore said, and described the unceasing labors of the
committee to produce a report worthy of the subject;
but lamented the obstacles which had to be encoun-
tered in every attempt at eliciting information from
the departments. He repudiated all secondary or
political purposes in pursuing this subject—his mo-
tives, as he had at the threshold announced to the
committee, being purely to promote that reform
which he believed had been called for, and which
he subsequently found was demanded to an extent
far beyond anything he could have supposed.
Mr. WALKER observed that, if this motion
was to prevail, when entered on the journal it
should undoubtedly be in some such words as these:
"On motion of the senator from Kentucky, it was
resolved that the report be printed for the use of the
Senate." It must be a resolution; and the rule says
 11 resolution^ on their introduotion, must lie over
fm i*y> h wm net m be unieretwfl  h*t he
jected to the printing, provided he had time to ex-
amine what it was he was asked to vote for.
The CHAIR explained that it would be an or-
der—not a resolution—to print. The Senate, when
it commands, expresses its command as an order;
but facts, principles, its own opinions and purposes,
are expressed in the form of resolutions.
Mr. BERRIEN rose to a question of order,
whether the time of the Senate could be lost in dis-
cussion. He understood the Chair had decided.
Was there an appeal pending?
Mr. WALKER did not mean to appeal. The
senator from Georgia would more appropriately
have administered his rebuke to those who had, on
the last day of the session, in the midst of unfinished
business, when every moment was of the utmost
consequence to the country, introduced this topic to
the consideration of the Senate, without any practi-
cal measure calling for action, and in a manner per-
tinaciously provoking and demanding debate. At
such an hour, and such a period, the rebuke of the
senator from Georgia, if administered in justice,
should have been levelled at the chairman of the
Retrenchment Committee, when he was making his
two elaborate speeches on this subject. It seems
this is a most important document, and the senator
from Kentucky is at great pains to give the assu-
rance that it is not prepared for electioneering pur-
poses. Now who, in this discussion, ever said or
intimated that it was? Who said such was his ob-
ject? Nobody had. But although his motives
might be as pure as the driven snow, yet was it not
manifest, that even though it might not be, and
was not intended to be, an electioneering re-
port, it would be used as a travelling document
at the presidential election, in support of alle-
gations and principles on one side of the con-
test, and endeavors to prostrate and overthrow
the opinions supposed to be assumed by the other
side? Could the senator prevent it from being used
as a party document? Now, he really thought, un-
der all the circumstances, that, in common fairness
and courtesy, this document ought not to be print-
ed till the minority of the committee had time to
prepare the counter report, which should accompany
it. To spring it now upon the Senate, at a moment
when there was no possibility of either examining
or discussing the subject, fully justified the protest
which he now made against the violation of the
rights and privileges of the minority.
Mr. MOREHEAD denied altogether that there
was any such purpose as that hinted at, in delaying
this report to the last day of the session. The de-
lay was unavoidable, and was occasioned by not
being able to procure the tables till yesterday. The
senator from Arkansas had heard the report read a
month ago, when it was ready if the tables had been
ready.
Mr. TAPPAN hoped, as there could be no neces-
sity for taking the vote to-day, that the senator
would consent to let the question lie over till Mon-
day. The rule says it lies on the table one day.
Then, if it lies on the table, it cannot be before the
Senate on a motion to print.
The CHAIR said it was in order to make the
motion to print.
Mr. TAPPAN asked if the report, in parliament-
ary language, could be before the Senate and on the
table at the same time.
The CHAIR said the printing was understood to
be for the use of the Senate—for the greater facility
of enabling senators to see what were the contents
of the report.
Mr. ALLEN did not doubt that the matter ought
to be printed. He should, at the proper time, vote
for it. The only difficulty with him was, as to the
propriety of doing so now; which could be all re-
moved by letting it lie over till Monday. For many
reasons, it would be better then than now. At any
other time it might not be of so much consequence
to enforce the rule of laying the report on table one
day; but, under the present circumstances, that was
indispensable if senators were to have any oppor-
tunity at all of looking into it before next session;
for, if not on the table to examine to-morrow, there
would not be another day of the present session for
the purpose, There may be matters in it whish,
K69fllin| 19 the judgment ef fem, might t? te m
rected before printing, or something might be left
out which ought to be inserted; otherwise, it might
be calculated to produce an erroneous or improper
impression on the public mind.
Mr. PULTON, in justice to the chairman of the
committee, should say that he had read the re-
port to him three or four weeks back; but, as he
stated, without the tables. He had no idea, how-
ever, that the report would be presented this ses-
sion, particularly as he had expressed his desire to
have time to make a minority report to accompany
it. He should also do the chairman the justice to
say, that he did, on entering upon his duties, an-
nounce his desire of pursuing this investigation for
the good of the country. Last session the commit-
tee had made considerable progress in collect-
ing materials, when the bill came before it, which
it endeavored to make more perfect by amendment.
This session, the chairman had taken all the labor
on himself of preparing this report, and when it was
read to him, (Mr. F.,) many points of it were dis-
cussed. Till this morning, he had understood it
was not to be presented till next session, by which
time his minority report would be ready.
Mr. .WOODBURY suggested that in order to
print the majority report, an amendment should be
made, to the effect that when the minority report is
presented, it also shall be printed.
After some brief discussion, this amendment was
adopted; and the report was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ARCHER submitted a resolution to print
20,000 extra copies of the report, but desired it to lie
on the table till Monday.
Mr. A. also presented three memorials from Penn-
sylvania, asking for the extension of the term of
residence required by the naturalization laws from 5
to 21 years: laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, asked that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of all the petitions and me-
morials on the subject of the Cherokee Indians, and
from all matters referred to it, and not reported upon:
discharged.
Mr. ARCHER made the same request in relation
to the Committee on Foreign Relations: committee
discharged.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate proceeded
to the general orders, to take up House bills favora-
bly reported upon.
The following bills from the House were
taken up, as in committee of the whole, considered,
reported to the Senate, and read the third time and
passed, viz:
The act to confirm certain entries of land in the
St. Augustine land district in the Territory of Flor-
ida, made under the pre-emption law of June, 1838.
The act making appropriation for certain improve-
ments in the Territory of Iowa, [passed with amend-
ments.]
The act to establish certain post roads in the:
Territory of Florida. [The second section was
stricken out.]
The act'to authorize the issuing of patents for
certain lands in the St. Augustine land district in
Florida, the sales of which had not been regularly
recorded.
The act to amend an act to provide for the armed
occupation and settlement of the unsettled portion
of the peninsula of Florida. [Passed as amended.]
The act making appropriation for certain improve-
ments in the Territory of Florida. [Amended on
the motion of the Finance Committee.] And
The act granting a section of land for the improve-
ment of Grant river.
The bill for the House, supplementary to an act
entitled "An act for laying off the towns of Fort Mad-
ison and Burlington, in the county of Des Moines,
and the towns of Bellevue, Dubuque, and Peru, in
the county of Dubuque, Territory of Wisconsin,
and for other purposes," approved the 2d of July,
1836, and the act amendatory thereto, approved
March 3, 1837, was taken up for consideration as in
committee of the whole.
Messrs. HENDERSON and WOODBRIDGE
made some remarks in opposition to the passage of
the bill; when , ul
Mr, HENPERSOPJ *  lay  t en ih« i Wt,
