6&0
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Mr. BAGBY demanded the yeas and nays; which
being ordered, were taken, and resulted in the neg-
ative—yeas 14, nays 20.
The bill was then reported to the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON remarked that some of the
property involved in the bill was private property;
and he was opposed to extending the right of pre-
emption to it. He therefore moved to lay the bill
on the table; which motion, after a few remarks by
Mr. Bagby, was agreed to.
A message was received from the House, acceding
to the proposition of the Senate for the appointment
of a conimittee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of die two Houses on the civil anddiplomatic
and army appropriation bills.
The hour of o'clock having arrived, the Senate
took a recess till 4g o'clock.
Evening Session, 4| o'clock, p. m.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of ex-
ecutive business; and remained thereon several hours,
and then resumed legislative business.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Department
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate. The
purport not known.
The bill for the relief "Walter S. Alexander and
• others having been returned from the House with
an amendment, was taken up, and the amendment
•was concurred in by the Senate.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill making appropriation for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department hav-
ing been returned from the House with amendments
of that body to the amendments of the Senate, was
taken up for consideration.
Mr. EVANS said he had examined the amend-
ments—some of which ought to be agreed to, and
some of which should not be agreed to. Probably
the most expeditious mode of adjusting the matter,
was to disagree to the amendments of the House,
and ask for a conference.
The motion was made, and agreed to, that a com-
mittee of conference be requested from the House;
and a committee of three on the part of the Senate
was appointed by the Chair to meet in conference
such committee as might be appointed.
The bill respecting the northern boundary of the
State of Missouri having been returned from the
House with amendments, was taken up for conside-
ration; when,
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate con-
curred in the first amendment of theHouse, and dis-
agreed to the second; and, on his further motion, a
.committee of conference was asked from the
House; and three conferees were appointed by the
Chair on the part of the -Senate, to meet such as
might be appointed by the House, to take into con-
sideration the disagreeing vote on this bill.
The following bills from the House were then
taken up, considered as in committee of the whole,
reported to the Senate, and finally passed, viz:
I'he net for the relief of George W. Allen and
Reuben Allen.
The joint resolution, tendering the thanks of Con-
gress to the British authorities at Gibraltar, and the
commander, officers, and crew, of her Britannic
Majesty's sinp, Malabar.
The act for the relief of Gervis Foote.
The act for the relief of William Hoag.
The act for the relief of Isaac F'essenden.
The act for the benefit of Thomas Hunter and
Alexander Caldwell.
The act for the relief of George W. Clark, Harris
Cook, and John Brainard, 2d, of the State of Rhode
Island.
The aet for the relief of True Putney and Hugh
Riddle. [This was amended.]
The act granting a pension to Milly, an Indian
woman of the Creek nation. [Amended on the mo-
tion of the Committee on Indian Affairs.]
The act for the benefit of James Anderson of the
Territory of Iowa.
The joint resolution directing the Auditor of the
Post Office Department to inquire as to the con-
tract of Saltmarsh and Overton with the Post Office
Department.
The act for the relief of Samuel B. Folger.
The act for the relief of Samuel B. Tuck.
The act for the relief of George M. Jones.
The act for the relief of John Frazier and George
A. Trenholm. [Amended on the motion of the Com-
mittee on Finance.]
The act for the relief of Lathrop Poster.
The act for the benefit of Simeon Dennin,
The act for the relief of James Pepper and
others.
The act granting a pension to Emanuel Shrofe.
The act for the relief of Eaton Nance.
The act to authorize the entry of certain lands,
occupied by the branch pilots of the port of New
Orleans, and others of the State of Louisiana.
The joint resolution authorizing Captain James
Lowe to assign certain sections of land.
The act for the relief of Ferguson and Reed.
The act for the relief of John Sands.
The act for the relief Richard Sneed.
The act for the relief of Manlius V. Thompson,
sole executor of Miles W. Dickey, deceased.
The act for the relief of David Allspach.
The act for the relief of Amos Proctor.
The act for the relief of Harvey Heth.
The act for the relief of William P. Duval.
Mr. WALKER, from the majority of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, reported back, without
amendment, the bill from the House entitled "an
act to legalize the sales of certain lands made at the
Chocchuma and Columbus land offices in the State
of Mississippi."
Mr. EVANS, from the committee on the part of
the Senate, appointed to meet the House committee
in conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the army appropriation bill, made a re-
port, in which it was stated that the House had
receded from all the amendments except one.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. EVANS, from the committee on conference
on the part of the Senate upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the civil and d lplomatic ap-
propriation bill, reported that the conferees on the
part of the two Houses were unable to agree; and
that the committee on the part of the Senate recom-
mend that the Senate insist on its amendments, and
to let the House take the responsibility of a defeat of
the bill.
Mr. HAYWOOD moved that the Senate recede
from its amendments.
Mr. EVANS said that was impossible. Most of
the amendments of the Senate were indispensable,
and could not be abandoned. He thought that if
the Senate adhered to its amendments, the House
would, rather than take the responsibility of defeat-
ing the bill, acquiesce in the amendments or adopt
some mode by which they would be enabled to set-
tle the disagreement.
Mr. HAYWOOD said it was a question of
responsibility between the two Houses. It was a
fearful responsibility; for, if they took the course
suggested, they might lose the appropriation bill
altogether. That he might not incur any of that
responsibility, he called for the yeas and nays. He
moved to recede from the amendments of the Senate
in which the House refused to concur.
Mr. EVANS explained. He said he had no
doubt, if the Senate adhered, there would be another
committee of confercnce appointed.
Mr. HAYWOOD said, to hazard an appropria-
tion bill, was a fearful responsibility to enrounter—•
a responsibility which he was not. willing to share.
Messrs. WOODBURY and SEVIER said there
were amendments which it was absolutely necessary
should be insisted on. And if the Senate were to
yield under the circumstances of the case, its inde-
pendence would be entirely gone. The other House
would absorb all the powers of legislation. They
hoped the Senate would adopt, the course recom-
mended by the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
il'\ ans-]
At this stage of the proceeding, Messrs. John-
son and McKay, who were conferees on the part
of the House, were seen in conversation with Mr.
Woodbury, who, in a few moments, remarked,
that as there might be some probability of settling
the difficulty, he moved that the conferees on the
part of the Senate be permitted to withdraw their
report, and to retire and hold another conference on
the subject.
The motion was agreed to, and the committee re-
tired.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, leave was granted to
withdraw from the files the deed of George W.
Allen and William Allen on the files of the
Senate.
The following bills from the House were then
taken up as in committee whole, considered, re-
ported to the Senate, read the third time, and pass-
ed, viz:
The act for the relief of Robert Monroe.
The act for the relief of C, P. Sengstack.
The actforthe relief of Joseph Dillon, late assist-
ant quartermaster general of the army.
The act for the relief of Margaret Dougherty.
The act for the relief of Henry S. Commager.
The act explanatory of the treaty made with the
Chippewa Indians at Saginaw, the 23d of June,
1838.
The act for the relief of Daniel W. Church.
The act for the relief of Marcy Olds.
The act granting a pension to Be'thea Healy, the
widow of George Healy.
The act for the relief of Alice Usher.
The act for the relief of Asa Davis.
The act for the relief of Mary Ann Linton.
The act for the relief of George Wallis.
The act for the relief of Hyacinth Lasselle.
The act for the relief of Isaac S. Ketchum.
The act for the relief of Isaac S. Ketchum, de-
ceased.
The act for the relief of the heirs of Ebenezer
Moore.
The act for the relief of Mrs. Mary M. Telfair.
The act to amend the act entitled an act to reg-
ulate arrests under mesne process in the District of
Columbia, approved the 1st August, 1842.
The act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Francis Cazeau, late merchant at Montreal.
The act entitled an act concerning conveyances
or devises of places of public worship in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The act to amend the act to incorporate the Alex-
andria Canal Company, approved the 26th May,
1830.
The act entitled an act for repairing the roof of
the court-house, in the city of Alexandria, in the
District of Columbia.
The act for the relief of the owners and crew of
the fishing schooner Mary Francis.
The act for the relief of the owners and crew of
the schooner Privado.
The actfor the relief of Woodson Wren.
The act for the relief of Abelard Guthrie.
The act for the relief of Francis Christian and
Madame Baptiste Berard.
The act for the relief ofLund Washington.
The act for the relief of Ann Hunter, the widow
of Robert Hunter.
The act for the relief of Solomon Sturges, the
assignee of Humphrey Richcreek.
The act for the relief of John Trenholm, of the
State of Maine.
The aet to enable the War Department to apply
certain balances of appropriation, and for other pur-
poses. [Mr. Tallmadge moved to amend this bill
by inserting $21,000 to William D. Cheever, de-
ceased, for losses sustained on treasury notes. It
was rejected, on the ground that it was irrelevant to
the bill.]
The act for the relief of John Baker, deceased; and
The act for the relief of George Edmonson.
Mr. MERRICK submitted a resolution to print
20,000 copies of the report of Professor Johnson on
the experiments made by him to test the qualities
of coal, for the use of the Senate. Laid over one day
under the rule.
The act creating a new election district in Maine,
and constituting Bangor, m the said district, a port of
entry and delivery, was, on the motion of Mr.
MERRICK, laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE submitted a resolution that the com-
pensation of Robert P. Anderson, messenger of the
Senate, be $3 per day.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to amend this by adding
that Lewis Sanders, P. Y. Page, Thomas Clark,
and Benjamin Owens, be allowed the same pay and
compensation as messengers of the Senate, to com-
mence from the first day of the present session.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAPPAN moved the following resolution;
which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That there be paid to the chaplain of the Senate,
and to the officers and messengers in the library of Con-
gress, out of the contingent fund of the Senate, and under
the direction of the committee to audit and control the
same, the amounts respectively that were allowed to them
at the long session of the last Congress.
The Senate, then, at the hour of 10 o'clock, p. m.,
went into the consideration of executive business,
and remained therein till 3 o'clock, a. m., at which
hour it adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 15,1844.
The minutes of yesterday were read in part, and adopted.
UNITED STATUS BANK, sf
Mr. gkMS permission to mak« a report from the
