7 04
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
28th Gong..... 1st Sess.
May, 1844-
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Giddihgs.
H. of Keps.
from her What, she considers as "air integrant portion" of
her temtory.^that Texas mast be independent; that the ty-
rant republic which would enslave her must quail before
*he<tOTdr of our arms, and the "lone §tar" beam brightly
£ % brave and the free. All this we do in the sacred
tfame'Ofnational benevolence. Ay, but it is a fitful and mo-
mentary effulgence; for free, sovereign, independent Texas,
-"redeemed,_regenerated, and disenthralled" from Mexican
dominion, is doomed to exchange the glory of empire for
territorial. vassalage, and to repress the aspirations of her
m k°Pe of future emancipation, when
the President and a. majority of each House of the American
Congress snail adjudge it to be "consistent with the princi-
ples of the federal constitution" to-release her from her
-leading strings. What a finale to the glory which beamed
-upon Texas from the field of San Jacinto! What a profa-
nation of every higher and holier attribute of national char-
acter, that such a purpose should be consummated-by an
American Senate, in the sacred name of disinterested na-
tional benevolence.
Think what a history must be written of the origin, and
progress, and final dissolution of the republic of Texas, ana
avert if you can the impartial judgment of posterity on your
own motives and conduct, as th«se shall be exhibited in its
annals.
We cannot, then, escape the imputation of having viola-
ted our faith Mexico, under the hollow pretence of being
actuated by motives of benevolence to Texas.
"We have been told in the course of this discussion that
Texas is, in fact, a portion of the United States; that it was
ceded to us by France* under a stipulation that its inhabi-
tants should be admitted to the privileges of American citi-
zens, and that we had therefore no power to transfer that
territory to Spain, which still remains an integral portion of
this republic. Mr. President, it is not, I think, necessary to
examine in detail the arguments which have been urged in
support of this position. It is sufficient to say that the claim •
is made in behalf of a people existing and recognised by us
as a foreign and sovereign State; of a people wo have de-
clared their independence of us, and of all nations, and have
obtained from us a recognition of the act; of a-people who,
m the very treaty which we are now called upon to ratify,
assume to themselves the character of an independent and
sovereign State, and in behalf of whom it, is nevertheless
claimed that they are at this moment occupying a territory
which is rightfully our own, of which they ask the "rean-
nexation" to the United States; and that this allegation of the
invalidity of the treaty of 1819 is made mtke American Sen-
ate, by whose unanimous vote that treaty was ratified.
These considerations will, I think, dispense with the neces-
sity of a furthei reply to this suggestion.
Then it is said that Texas never was a constituent pait of
the Mexican republic; that it was from Spain she severed
her allegiance; and that Mexico is endeavoring to subject
her to a dominion which she never acknowledged. A sin-
gle fact will dispose of this argument, without the necessity
of examining the historical details of the long-continued
strife between Spain and her colonies, by which it has been
vainly attempted to suppoit it. Let Texas speak for herself.
It has seemed to me, Mr. President, in the piogress of this
discussion, that gentlemen claim to be better informed of
the history, and conditio and rights of that State, than its
own rulers and people, a his fact is strikingly illustrated
l)y the suggestion which we are considering. The authori-
ties and people of Texas declare that it was from Mexico
they separated. They have recorded their fact in the dec-
laration of independence, and reaffirmed it in their diplo-
matic correspondence. It is not now open to them to deny
it -to trace the origin of their independence to a diffeient
source, even if they would? They have, however, shown
no disposition to do so. The conception originates here, or
elsewhere than in the official acts of the authonties of Tex-
miSht as well, in the face of our own declaration
ot independence, deny our previous colonial subjection to
Great Britain.
Again: it is said that the independence of Texas has been
recognised by us, and even by Mexico, and that therefore
she is competent to treat with us; and that we may, without
dishonor, negotiate with her for her self-immolation. Let
us first see what is the legitimate effect of our own ac-
knowledgment.
Mr. President, we have had learned arguments on each
side ofthii controversy, to affirm or to deny, and particular-
ly m relation to the present case, the distinction betw een
the acknowledgment of independence de }ut e and dc J ado.
It is true that our own government, in all its acts of this
character, has uniformly recognised this distinction, declar-
ing that the latter imported nothing more than the acknowl-
edgment of the existence of the State acknowledged as an
independent State, claiming to be f ueh of right; but with
the constant negation of its intention to affirm any thing m
relation to that right. Such acknowledgments, so qualified
and limited, have been recognised among nations as indis-
pensable to commercial and other intercourse between
them. The acknowledgment was so expressly qualified and
limited in the case under consideration; and still it is con- <
tended that we, by force of it, aie precluded from denying to
Texas the right to do any act which a sovereign Sta^e may
lightfully do, even though the exercise of such right may
conflict with the claims of Mexico, on which, in nuking
such acknowledgment, we had forborne to decide. I turn,
then, from arguments which are calculated rather to afford
play to the imagination than to bring conviction to the un-
standing, and address myself to the lact, as it is disclosed in
the official correspondence before us In the letter of Mi.
Forsj th, our Secretary of State, to General Hunt, the Texian
Minister, of the 25th of August, 1837, he says:
, "In determining with respect to the independence of other
countries, the United States have never taken the question
of right between the contending parties into consideration.
They have deemed it a dictate of duty and policy to decide
upon the question as one of fact merely. This was the
course pursued m relation to Mexico herself It was ad-
hered to when analogous events rendered it proper to inves-
tigate the question ofTexian independence.'"
This would soem to be decisive as to the extent and cft'ect
of the recognition by this government of the independence
of Texas; but it may be added that this acknowledgment
was so received and understood by the Texten govern*
■ ■
In reply to the foregoing letter, under date of the 12th
September, 1837, General Huntsays:
"The undersigned was aware that, in recognising the in-
dependence of Texas, the question of right was not taken
into consideration by the government of the United States.
It was with a proper understanding of the settled policy of
this government, in similar cases, that the claim of Texas to
the justice of a- recognition was placed by his colleague
and himself upon her actual existence as an independent
power," &c.
This acknowledgment, thus made by the United Stated,
and received by Texas as a mere admission of her actual ex-
istence as a separate State, without taking into considera-
tion the right of Mexico to claim dominion over her, and to
consider her as "an integrant part of the Mexican territo-
ry," cannot therefore be availed of to sustain this treaty.
We have now, as then, no right to decide on the conflicting
claims of Mexico and Texas. Especially, it does not become
us to assume the right of decision, and then to appropriate
to "ourselves the object of the controveisy.
Next as to the acknowledgment by Mexico. This was
the act of a captive chief, whose captivity suspended for the
time his rights as the chief ruler of the Mexican people.
From Santa Anna, under duress of imprisonment, as the
price of life and liberty, and of the privilege of an unmo-
lested retreat to the shattered remains of the army which he
had commanded, was extorted this acknowledgment of
Texian independence It is in vain to attempt to sustain
such an act by argument or authority. All authority re-
ftudiates it. The common sense of mankind revolts from
t. It wants that free will which is of the essence of all
contracts.
When Francis the First, after the fatal battle of Pavia, in-
carcerated in the dungeons of Madrid, was compelled to
yield the exactions of Ixis relentless jailor, and to stipulate
not merely the payment of an exorbitant ransom in money,
but also the dismemberment of his kingdom, the Spanish
monarch, aware ofthe nullity of these stipulations, thought
to secure their performance by the oath of his captive. The
attempt was futile. A dispensation from the Pope released
the king from the obligation of his oath, and thus satisfied
his conscience; and an appeal to the Parliament of Paris as-
certained the nullity of his contract, while the concurring
judgment of the civilized world ratified the decision.
The objections to the ratification of this treaty, then, le-
main unshaken. War exists between Mexico and Texas; a
war waged for dominion by the former—for the right of
self-government by the latter. The annexation §of Texas
by the United States is the decision of this controversy—a
direct aggiession upon the rights of Mexico; one which, if
she is strong enough, she must punish; which, if she is too
feeble to repel, it is unworthy of us to inflict.
The preceding argument has left untouched the question
whether this treaty, when ratified by the Presidents and
senators of the United States and of Texas, would be valid
and effectual for the purposes for which it was made. That
Mexico would be authorized to treat it as a nullity, there
can, 1 think, be no doubt. What obligation it would impose
upon nations, looking to all the circumstances attending it,
is a question which 3 might be disposed to present more at
large to your consideration if I could believe there was any
prospect of its ratification by the Senate. I content myself
with some brief suggestions m relation to the instrument
itself, which f think ought to induce the Senate to reject it
m its present form, even in the absence ofthe objections
which have been stated to it on its merits.
J do not doubt that two independent nations may unite for
certain purposes, retaining their sovereignty and separate
independence. That is the case of the Swiss Cantons, and
of our own formei confedeiacy. Nor do I'doubt that the
people of those natiors might form a more perfect union,
by constituting a government which, for certain purposes,
would be sovereign over all, while for others the separate
sovereignty of each would be. left unimpaired. That ie our
own present condition. Neither is it necessary to deny
that the people of two States may form a union, in which
the sovereign rights of the one may be yielded to the othei.
I am not aware of uny such case by the voluntary act of the
parties, or otherwise than as the result of conquest. The
Romans and Sabmes, indeed, terminated a war by an agree-
ment for the joinl rulo of both monarchy. On the death of
one, the survivor ruled alone, and upon his death the suc-
cession was settled by an agreement that the monaich
should be aS ibme, but should be chosen by the Romans.
This belongs, however, to a period when history and fable
are with difficulty distinguished from each other.
I do, however, not merely doubt, but deny that it is com-
petenfcvio the ordinary agents of any government to destroy
the government under whose authority they act; that it is
competent to the ordinary agents of any people, existingas
a bepaiate State, to denationalize that State; and more
especially do I deny that it is within the power of any pub-
lie agent, acting under a constitutional charter which de-
fines and limits'his authority, to surrender the sovereignty
which that constitution was instituted to guard and main-
tain-
In precise reference to the present case, I deny that the
President and Senate of Texas have any pow er to alienate
the territory and to surrender the sovereignty of that State.
The Texian declaration of independence asserts that Texas
is a free, sovereign, independent republic. Her constitution
was framed to effectuate that declaration, and no agent de-
riving his authority from that instrument can exercise a
power destructive of the instrument itself. This proposi-
tion will not, I suppose, be denied; and the more especially,
when, besides the axiom that all political power is inherent
ir. the people, the Texian declaration of rights moreover as-
'.erts that the right to alter their government at all times is
an inalienable right.
The powers conferred upon the President and Senate of
Texas are identical with those of the Piesident and Senate
of the United States. Would he escape the imputation of
lunacy who should assert the power of the President and
Senate to surrender the sovereignty of these United States
to any foreign State? And with what greater show of rea-
son can such a power be exercised by the President and
Senate of Texas? The answer is, thst the people of Texas
desire the ratification of this treaty. It begins by the reci-
tal that they had expressed this wish at the time of adopting
ilH'k constitution, and that they still cherish it. Sir, theyo
is no evidence of this fact Fot all the purposes of the
Senate's action on this treaty, the legal maxim must prevail:
that which does not appear is to be equally disregarded as
that which does not exist. The instrument itself "should
have contained a provision for the ascertainment of the will
of the people of Texas, or the evidence that their consent
had been given. Without this, its- ratification would be an
acknowledgment of principles which np American states-
man can maintain.
But by whom was the" consent given which is spoken of
in this treaty? -By the people of Texas commorant there
at the time.of the adoption of their constitution; Eight
years have elapsed since that time, during which Texas has
received such an accession to her population, .and such
changes have occurred from various causes, that it is no
longer the same people whom it is now proposed that fche
President and Senate of our sister republic shall thus strip
of their national character.
And what were the terms of the contest which is said to
have been given by the people of Texas'? All that we learn
from the treaty is, that their desire as then expressed was
to be "incorporated into the Union." But how—on what
terms—asa'State, ora Territory? The treaty, In its recital,
is prudently silent. We learn, however, from the diplo-
matic correspondence which followed it, that it was as a
State, and only as a State, that this incorporation was
sought.
The annexation was to be accomplished on "the.high
principle of a strict adlierenceto the just rights and dignity
of the sovereighty of the Texiaa nation." Such is the lan-
guage of General Hunt; and such were, without doubt, the
terms which were submitted and acceded to by the Texian
people. They have given no consent to surrender their
sovereignty—to exchange the character of an independent
State for territorial vassalage.
Mr. President, the annexation of Texas cannot, in ray
judgment, be rightfully accomplished without the very
general assent of the people of the two States; and so long
as. the Mexican government perseveres in her claim, and
seeks to enforce it, we cannot .make the acquisition without
a violation of our national faith.
The necessity of ijhmedidte' action which has been so con-
stantly pressed upon us in this debate, as to have passed
into the cant phrsse of "now or never," does not move me.
If the people of Texas sincerely desire this union they will
not cease to cherish it because of this delay. Eight years
ago the same intimation was held out. It even found its
way into the official note of the Texian minister.
We were told iff diplomatic relations then in the process
of being established with foreign powers, involving difficul-
ties which might be insurmountable, and that thexefoie the
question of annexation was pressed. The proposition was
declined, and now, at the expiration of eight years, another
"now or never" epoch has arrived. Sir, in my judgment, the
advice of the poet will on this occasion be the dictate of
wisdom. Festina lente.
SPEECH OF MR. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives, May SI, 1844—Upon the an-
nexation of Texas.*
Mr. GIDDINGS said that his principal object in address-
ing the committee, at this time, was to call the attention of
gentlemen to the real question at issue before the people of
this nation.
The real issue has been made ufoit has been placed upon
the records of the government, and will remain there in all
coming time, subject to the. mspeotion of those who shall
come after us. It has been published in our newspapers,
and is already before the people, who are the constitutional
triers to determine the issue. The President and his cabi-
net, and the southern democrats, aver that this nation shall
take upon itself the support and perpetuation of slavery in
Texas, and of the slave trade between our slave-breeding
States and the people of that government. They urge that
our army and navy shall be employed, and our national en-
ergies put forth; our character disgraced before the civil-
ized world, in order to attain that object. They insist that
we shall violate our treaty stipulations with Mexico; that
we shall abandon our principles in favor of human liberty;
acknowledge ^ourselves a nation of political hypocrites;
bring dishonor upon the memory of our revolutionary pa-
triots; turn traitors to the sacred cause of freedom; and wage
an unceasing war upon humanity itself. These are the
matters urged on one side, and objected to by the other.
This is the issue to bo determined by the people—by the
electors of the North and of the South, of the East and ofthe
West. On this issue the whigs, the democrats, and liberty
men are to pass judgment.
It is true'that the annexation of Texas to these United
States is brought forward as the proposed means by which
we may extend and perpetuate slavery, and continue the
slave trade; but that object is meiely collateral to the great
and ulterior design of supporting slavery and the slave
trade. The object and purpose for which it is now sought
1o annex Texos to the United States is clearly and unequiv-
ocally set forth in the official correspondence between the
Secretary of State and Mr. Everett, our minister at the court
of St. James; between said Secretary and our 1 charge de
affaires"in Texas, and between him and the British minister
resident m this city. In every letter of that correspondence
the object is frankly avowed*, without any apparent delica-
cy or attempt at concealment. The same object of main-
taining the slave trade between the slave-breeding States of
this Union and Texas, and the perpetuating slavery in Tex-
as, is the avowed object of nearly every democratic paper
south of Mason and Dixon's line, by nearly every address
upon that subject, and by the proceedings of nearly all the
public meetings held in the slave States for the purpose of
promoting the cause of annexation. The same motives were
♦The direct question was an amendment to the naval ap-
propriation bill to restrict the expenditure, so that not
more than one-half flu* amount should be expended prior to
the first January, 1845. This amendment had reference to
the conduct of the President in sending ships to blockade
Vera Cruz. Here the discussion turned upon the annexe
tio  of Toxas, and was to be in order.
