Msy, 1844. 
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
US
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Giddings.
JI. of Reps;
fully and frankly avowed on this floor during the debate of
yesterday by the gentleman from South Carolina, fMr.
Holmes,] arid in the debate of to-day by the gentleman from
-Virginia, [Mr. Atkinson,] and by the gentleman trom Ala-
, bama, [Mr. Belser.] These gentlemen, with commendable
sincerity and frankness, met the issue fairly. Not so with
ge gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Owen.] He is from a free
State, and evidently felt somew hat embarrassed in advo-
cating the interests of slave breeders and slave dealers- he
therefore, as far as possible, avoided the main issue W
however, spoke learnedly of treaties, and boundaries, and
of.early writers upon international law, and of governments
"de Jacto' and of governments "de jurewhile his allu-
sions to the subjects of slavery and the slave trade were ve-
ry slight, although they had, up to the time of his speech
formed the prominent theme of those who advocated with
him the annexation of Texas.
"I regret that the honorable gentleman has left the hall, y
\Vas desirous of addiessing some remarks to him, as well as
to his constituents. There are objections to the annexation
of Texas which meet us at the very threshold of the'anru-
roent. TV hen it is proposed by the people oi Texas to erase
the name 01 that republic from the list of nations; to surren
der their existence as a separate independent people; and to
place themselves under the government of the United States;
we know there must be an object, an actuating motive that
induces them to mingle with the people of these States.
These objects are all set forth in the treaty now under dis-
cussion m the other end of this Capitol. The first of those
objects to which I will call the attention of the committee
is-the payment of their debts by the people of this Union.
This is one of the vital conditions of the treaty, without
which the people of Texas would not for a moment listen to
. any proposition for annexation.
To this I think there are some strong objections. A por-
tion of the representatives in this hall are desirous that the
people ofour free States shall contribute of their hard earn-
ings some ten or twenty millions of dollars, to satisfy the
debts of slaveholding, repudiating Texas. To this proposi-
tion the whigs, both North and South, object. The Presi-
dent, the southern democrats, and the gentleman from Indi-
ana, urge its propriety, and insist that it is the duty of our
people to pay the debts of Texas, in order to continue slave-
ry there, and, to provide a market for our slave-breeding
States.
And now what say our democrats of New England, and
New York, and Ohio7 I call upon them to come forth and
show their colors, play the man, meet the i&sue, and let us
have no dodging. We shaJl soon return to our constituents,
and must meet this question before the people. Will the gen-
tleman from Indiana then stand forth frankly and say to the
democrats of his district, "you must work hard, and live
cheap, and be economical, for we have agreed to pay the
debts of Texas, and every laboring man in the nation must
contribute a portion of his earnings?" And then suppose
the honest farmer, in the true Yankee fashion, should in-
quire for the benefits which this nation is; to derive from the
payment of this twenty millions of Texas debts: will that
gentleman frankly and boldly declare to him, that, by pay-
mg that amount of money, we have established true demo-
cratic slavery in Texas, and have secured a first rate market
for the democratic slave dealers of the South? I cannot dis-
trust that gentleman's sincerity, and yet 1 hav^a sort of ink-
ling that he would rather talk of some other points, and
leave these important considerations out of view, as he has
done here to-day. I could not wonder at the policy which
he manifested; particularly as his State is unable to pay the
interest on her own debts, i had no right to expect him to
speak of his anxiety to tax his constituents to pay the debts
of Texas. How is it with the democrats of the other States
which are unable to meet their engagements/ Will they
insist upon paying the debts of Texas, and leave their own
States to be dishonored by repudiation? Has Pennsylvania
more interest in maintaining the slave trade than she has in
maintaining her own honotf Will the democrats of that
St^t&iorget their own indebtedness, and spend their money
to. perpetuate slavery in Texas? And those democrats,
whose indignation 'is kindled not a little''at the most re-
mote allusion to the assumption ol our State debts by the
federal government, are they ready to assume the debts of
Texas, and then shout huiza' for slavery and the slave
tr^de? Will those gentlemen, who deny all constitutional
powers of the federal government to apply the proceeds of
the public lands to the payment ofour own SUte debts, turn
round and urge to the people that there are full powers in
the constitution to pay the debts of Texas with the people's
money, in order to encourage the slave trade/ Let them
meet us on this point, and let us make our appeal to the peo-
ple who pay the money, and let them say whether they ap-
prove the policy. Let the question be made, and let them
say whether thev are willing to furnish funds to put down
the slave trade on the coast of Africa and to keep it up on the
coast of America Let them know that we appropriate annual-
ly more than a million of dollars of their money to Uestroy
the slave trade on the eastern shore of the Atlantic, and that
we are now about to appropriate ten millions to maintain
the same commerce on the western shore of that ocean.
Sir, I should like to canvass the district of the eloquent gen-
tleman from Indiana at the ensuing election. 1 should like
to-hear him demonstrate to the honest democrats there the
precise line of longitude on which the slave trade changes
its moral character—on the east side of which it is the most
detestable of crimes, and on the west side of which it be-
comes a laudable commerce, worthy of our fostering care.
After the line has been drawn, it must be interesting to hear
gentlemen demonstrate to the people how, in all good con-
science, they are bound to pay their money to arrest and
hang all who carry on the business of slave trading east of
this line, and to shoot and kill all who oppose the slave
trade west of it. Sir, I desire the advocates of this nefari-
ous commerce in slaves, be they who they may, to stand
forth boldly, before this House, before the people, and be-
fore the world, and, like the Secretary of State, maintain its
propriety, and advocate its morality, with frankness. I hope
ye may see no evasions; but, in western phrase, "let ev-
ery man toe the mark.'5 ., . ,
But Tcx&Ms engaged in a war with Mexico, and. wants us
to fight her battles; and our executive, and a portion of this
House, say, we will do it, if, by that means, we can keep up
slavery in Texas, end thereby furnish a market for our slave-
'"(45)'
breeding States to sell their surplus- population. This war,
8a? . s^> very likely bring us into conflict with
Great Britain, as well as with Mexico, and perhaps with
trance also. It is, therefore, not unlikely that our constit-
uents may be called on to go forth in arms to maintain this
slsie trade upon-the field of battle. Our people are brave
and generous—even gallant, in a good cause. Would this
war be such a onev as would justify us in looking for, or in
expecting, the blessing of Heaven to rest upon our arms?
In the expressive language of Mr. Jefferson, "the Almightv
has no attribute which would enable him to take sides with
us m such a contest." Yet, sir, the battles would have to be
fought by northern men principally; for our southern friends
home to watch their slaves.*
These consequences will probably follow the proposed
annexation, and the flagrant violation of our treaty stipula-
tions with Mexico; and I should be gratified to listen to a
moral and patriotic lecture from some of the advocates of
this measure, describing the degree of attachment to op-
pression—what love of crime, what degree of contempt foi
the approbation of mankind—would be I.keJy to prepare
the mind of a good democrat of our free States to die in-
glonously upon the field, fighting for the extension oi sla-
very, and to establish a profitable slave trade. Suppose
some wonhy constituent of the honorable member from In-
diana were to UU mortally wounded amid the carnage of
battle, his life s blood fast flowing fiom frightful wounds,
hie countenance pale and distorted with pain, with no friend-
ly hand to minister to his wants: believe you that he would
draw very rich consolation from the fact that he had fallen
while striving to extend the slave trade, and to perpetuate
crime, and increase human misery and suffering? I should
like to have some of the advocates of this measure moralize
upon these themes; for they axe very likely to follow the
adoption of their measure.
I would particularly invite the attention of northern mem-
bers to this point, when they go before the people for re-
election, or to advocate the election of a President who fa-
vors the slave trade and the annexation of Texas. I w ould
also commend to their notice our sailors, who are sent up-
on the trackless sea to do battle for the slave trade here,
and against it in Africa. I should like to hear the consola-
tions with which they would smooth his pillow of death
when he falls in defence of the slave trade on our American
coast; and then describe the reflections that will nerve him
up to meet death upon the pestilential coast of Africa, when
mortally wounded in fighting against the slave trade, and in
defence of the rights of man. Our old philosophers re-
garded the principles of justice as universal and unchange-
able; but these slave-trading philosophers are about to
fix the longitude on which it is to change with the presto of
modern democracy; western justice is to be rendered sy-
nonymous with slavery and the slave trade, and eastern
justice is to be expressive of liberty and freedom. Ancient
philosophy taught us to regard justice as eternal; but these
advocates of annexation are about to fix the time when it is
to change, and be regarded as antagonist to its former sig-
nification. They speak of extending American liberty to
Texas by founding it upou perpetual slaveiy, and insist that,
by establishing the most degrading oppression there, we
shall carry to that people the enjoyment of true democratic
principles in all their pristine purity. I was delighted with
theeulogium of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Owen.j
upon democratic liberty. While urging the duty of annex-
ation, he spoke in thrilling terms of the effulgent glory of
our American institutions, including slaveiy and the si< ve
trade. Those poetic strains may delight the ears of slave
breeders and slave dealers, but 1 have mistaken the charac-
ter ofour northern people, if eloquence itself can lead them
to forget the fundamental principles of freedom.
But another object of annexation with the people of Texas,
is to obtain for themselves protection against the armies of
Mexico. They are willing to buy negroes from our slave-
breeding States, provided wo will furnish an army to pro-
tect them while they remain on their plantations, and whip,
and scourge, and toiture their slaves into subjection, ac-
cording to the true principles of libei ty as expounded by
the present Secretary of State. The executive and his cab-
inet, and the advocates of annexation, appear to think that
this purchase of a slave market is dog-cheap. And now!
wish to know what our northern democrats think of it>
We know that the whigs are opposed to it. And I ask the
democrats whether they are prepaied to go to Texas, and
stand sentinel theie, and defend the fugitive criminals of
that countiy, provided they will condescend to purchase the
slaves of "Virginia? What say our democrats of New Eng-
land, of Maine, ot Massachusetts, Connecticut, Vermont,
and even of New Hampshiie > I \s ant to see them step out
boldly, and let us understand their true positions. If they
are to ariange themselves in favor of purchasing this slave
market, at that price, I trust they will let us know it—that
they will avow it before the worm.
It is well known, Mr. Chairman, that, since the formation
of this confederacy, there has long been a supposed conflict
between the interests of free labor and of slave labor, be-
tween the southern and northern States. I do not say that
the conflict is real; I only say that in the minds of the peo-
ple, both noith and south, and in this hall, such conflict ex-
ists. This supposed conflict has given rise to difference of
policy in our national councils. I refer to the tarifl in par-
ticular, as being a favorite measure of the North, while
free trade is advocated by the South. 1 refer also to our
harbor improvements, and the improvement of our river
navigation, as another measure in which the northwest and
west have felt great interest and much anxiety, and to
which the south have been constantly opposed. But so
equally balanced has been the political power between
these opposing interests, that for five years pastourlake
commerce has been entirely abandoned; and such were the
deficits of the tariff, that for many years our revenues were
unequal to the support of government. Time eventually
gave the friends of northern interests power to amend the
tarifl", and, by the fixed order of nature's law, our population
at the north has increased so much faster than it has in the
¥In 17T9, South Carolina sent a special messenger to in-
form Congress that that State could furnish no troops for
the common defence, as it was necessary that their men
should remain at home to watch their negroes, and protect
their families, in case of insurrection.
slave States, that under the latejceosus the North and'Welt
now hold the balance of political power; and at the present-
session we have passed a bill for the protection of our laker
and river commerce, which now awfcits the action of the
Senate, and will soo.n become a law. But let us admit Tex^s, •
and we shall place the balance of power in the hands of the
Texians themselves. They, with the southern States, will
control the policy and the destiny of this nation; «ur tariff
will then be held at the v  ill of the Texian advocates of freer
trade. Are ,our friends of the north prepared to deliver over
this great national policy to the people of Texas? Are the
liberty-loving democrats of Pennsylvania ready to give
up our tarifl ?—to strike off all protection from the ar*
tides of iron, and coal, and other production^, of tha*
State, in order to purchase a slave market for their neigh-
bors, who, in the words of Thomas* Jefl'eison Randolph,
"breed men for the market like oxen for the shambles?"
1 know it is said that men high in the confidence of the
democratic party of that State are in favor of annexing
Texas, notwithstanding the results to which I have alluded
must necessarily follow. It is possible they may influence
their former friends to follow tUem in their destructive
plans, but T do not believe it; 1 will-never believe that the
representatives of that State will prove treacherous to the
principles to which they have so firmly adhered during,the
present session, without a single exception; nor do I be-
lieve that the people of that State would be willing to turn
from employment the thousands of their population now en-
gaged in the iron and coal business, and in their various
other manufacturing- establishments, and see them, and
their wives and children, suffer for bread, although that
policy might secure, a market in Texas for southern slaves.
Nor do 1 believe the mechanics and manufacturers of New
England, whethei they call themselves whigs or democrats,
or liberty men, are prepared to leave their employments
and be turned out of business, for the purpose of maintain-
ing a brisk traffic m the bodies, the flesh and blood of our
southern population. Neither do I believe that the farmers
of the West—of New York, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois—are
prepared to give up the only market they have for their
beef, their pork, and their flour, for the purpose of increas-
ing the profits of those who raise children to sell, ail'i who
barter away the bodies oi women.
And I appeal to the whole population of the western
States—of all classes and conditions, and political parties—
to say whether they are willing to give up their harbor im-
provements, and the improvement of our river navigation,
for the purpose of improving the southern slave trade, and
, of perpetuating slavery in Texas? What say my demo-
cratic colleagues on this point—will they go it? Will the
democracy of Ohio march up to that point with firm and un-'
flinching step? I think not. If they do, they had better
settle their political affairs, and make their political bequests
before election, or they will take their departure from the
political world unprepared.
But if Texas be admitted to the Union, it will be admitted
as a slave territory, out Of which several slave States are
hereafter to be formed and ^admitted into the Union
as slaveholding States, with all the advantages of a
slave representation, under our federal constitution;
the effect of which will be to give the slaveholders of
Texas an influence in the election of President, Vice
President, and members of Congress, and in the admin-
istration of our national government, in exact propor-
tion to their disregard of the liberty for which our r«?Yolu-
tionaiy fathers contended, or, in other wo**ds, in proportion
to the number of persons they shall hold in degradation and
slavery. On thfs point I desire the particular attention of
northern democrats. I say, then, that if the freemen of
Texas shall each hold live slaves, each will hold and exer-
cise the same influence in electing federal officers, that will
be held and exercised by four northern freemen. If each
shall hold fifty slaves, he will have an influence in electing
federal officers, and in controlling the federal government,
equal to thirty-one hard laboring, intelligent and virtuous
democrats ol New England, or of New Yoik. Now, sir,
does the learned democratic gentleman from Indiana really
estimate his own constituents so low in the scale of moral
excellence and political worth, as to regard thirty-one of
them equal only to the owner of fifty Texian slayes? Or
would he regard himself as entitled only to one-fourth part
of the consideration of the owner of five slaves in Texas ?
Now, sir, 1 call upon northern democrats to maich up to thi&
issue, and to let the world understand the comparative esti-
mate which they put upon themselves. Would to God I could
address every man, of every party, north of Mason ahd
Dixon's line, on this sole question. I would demand of
them as men—as American freemen—to come forwaid and
speak for themselves, and to let the world know w hether an
individual among them, of any part j, is willing thus to rank
himself, and to admit that he possesses but one quarter of
the moral or political worth ol a Texian slaveholder of the
lowest grade. There are men who put that estimate upon
noithern democrats. They urge upon the people of the
North to admit Texas upon these terms; indeed no other
terms are mentioned or thought of. Now let such estimates
come from whom they mdy—from persons high ih office, or
those who wish to be high jn office—I declare them insult-
ing to northern feeling and northern honor. Sir, why not
propose at once that our people shall surrender themselves
as slaves to the Texian planters7 Why not advise the peo-
ple of our free States at once to leave their homes, go to
Texas, and become the voluntary- "hewers of wood and
drawers of water" to those fugitive criminals, who, withiis
the last fifteen years, were driven from the United States
to avoid punishment for their crimes or the payment of
their debts'
But I must hasten through my subject, although it be in
o desultory manner. I was wholly unprepared to address
the committee. 1 had taken no notes, nor had I before me
books, papers of reference; but the committee appeared
anxious to proceed, and I was compelled to put to sea,
upon the wide ocean of this debate, without chart or com-
pass; and without nothing to guide my course but the glit-
tering star of truth, as it shines in the moral firmament, uo-
obscured by political clouds. Whether I shall again reach
the shore, within the brief space allotted me by the rules
of the House, is of little consequence, in my opinion, as I
shall probably be compelled to stop before I can possibly
bring my argument to a close.
