congressional globe.
Committee of Elections, and leave being given, he said that a
memorial from the State of Missouri had been referred to the
Committee of Elections, which prayfidthata law might be
passed by Congress, to ascertain the sense of the people on
the subject of the constitutionality of the banks of the States
under the authority of the States, and of a bank of the
United States; and the committee had instructed him to
make a repoit thereon. He theiufoie submitted a report
in writing, to which were appended resolutions, which he
hoped the House would adopt; he moved the adoption of
the resolutions, and the printing of the report, and called for
the previous question on that motion.
Mr. CAUSIN asked if it was in order to move a call of the
House.
The Clerk, at the request of many members, read the
resolutions which were appended to the report, as follows:
Resolved, That in the election of Andrew Jackson in 1832,
and of Martin Van Burenin 1836, the people of the United
States declared uncoinpiomising hostility to a bank of the
United Ststes; and that the manifestation of such hostility
was not impaired by the election of General Harrison in
1840, under the public avowals nude by him of his opinions
iu legard to a national bank, and under his association with
the candidate for the vice presidency, whose sentiments
were known to be hostile to such an institution during his
whole public life; and that there is no reason to believe that
public opinion on this question has changed since the elec-
tion of General Jackson.
Resolved, That a bank of the United States is, in its na-
ture, hostile to the spirit oi our institutions, and that its es-
tablishment would be destructive to the interests and dan-
gerous to the liberties of the people.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS moved to la\ the whole subject on the
table, remarking that it as as too late in the session to enter
upon a matter of that nature, when there were so many
other measures calling for immediate attention
Mr SUMMERS inquired ii the elections oi Gen. Jackbou,
Mr. Van Bureu. and Gen. Harrison, had been referred to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. C.^ JOHNSON hoped the gentleman from Indiana
would withdraw his motion to lay on the table, picmising
that he would call for the yeas and nays on the adoption of
the resolutions.
Mr. HUNT inquired if this report was made by the com-
mittee unanimously.
Mr. J. W. DAVIS withdrew his motion to lay on the
table
J\Ir. CAUSIN renewed it.
Mr. HAMLIN called for the jeas and nays thereon, and
they were oidered.
Mr. COBB moved a call of the House, and it was ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and having called a
few names,
Mr. VANCE moved that all further proceedings under the
call be dispensed with; and on that motion he called for the
yeas and nays, and being ordered, they resulted thus: yeas
112, nays 43.
So the proceedings, under the call, were suspended.
The previous question was then sustained, and the yeas
and nays were taken on the adoption of the resolution, and
resulted as follows—yeas 108, nays 60:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Atkinson, Bajiy, Benton, Bid-
lack, James Black, James A. Black, Blackwell, Bowlin,
Boyd, Brmkerhoff, Brodhead, Aaron V. Biown, William
J. Brown, Burke, Burt, Caldwell, Jeremiah E. Cary, Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Cullom, Dana, Richard D. Davis, John W. Davis, Daw-
son, Dean, Dillingham, Diomgoole, Ellid, Elmer, Karlee,
Ficklin, Foster, French, Byram Green, Hale, Hamlin,
Hammet, Haralson. Henley, Hernck. Hoge, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hungerford, Chailes J. lngersoll, Jameson, Cave John-
son, Andrew Johnson, Andrew Kennedy, Preston King,
Kirkpatrick, Labranche, Leonard. Lucas, Lumpkin, Lyon,
Maclay, McClelland, McClernand, McConnell, McDowell,
McKay, J. Morris, Murphy, Noiris, Owen, Parmentev,
Payne, Pollock, Emery D. Potter, Purdy, Rathbun, Reding,
Relfe, Rhett, Roberts, Robinson, Russell, St John, Saun-
ders, Thomas H. Seymour, D L. Seymour. Simons, Slidell,
John T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert Smith, Steenrod,
Stetson, John Stewart, Stone, Strong, Sykes, Taylor,
Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Wentworth, Weth-
ered, Wheaton, Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wright,
and Yost—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbot, Adams, Ashe. Baker, Barringer,
Barnard, Milton Brown. Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Car-
roll, Causin, Chilton, Clinch, Clingman, Collamer, Cran-
ston, Garrett Davis, Debeny, Dellet. Dickey, Fish, Flor-
ence, Foot, Giddiri'zs, Goggin, Willis Gre'en, Grinnell,
Grider, Harper, Hudson, Washington Hunt, Joseph R
lngersoll, Irvin, Jenks, Perley B. Johnson, John P. Ken-
nedy, Daniel P King, Mcllvame. Marsh, Edward J. Mor-
ris, Morse, Moseley, Nes, Newton, Patteison, Peyton, Phce-
nix, Preston, Ramsey, Charles M. Reed, Rodnej. Rogers,
Sample, Schenck, Severance, Albert Smith, Caleb B
Smith, Stephens, Sumnjers, Thomasson, Tilden, Tyler,
Vance, Vanmeter, Vinton, White, Winthrop, and William
Wright—60.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DOUGLASS desired to vote in the affirmative, but, as
he was not in the House when his name was called, he was
not allowed to do so.
Mr. STEENROD moved a reconsideration of the vote
just taken, to prevent any such action hereafter. The mo-
tion was entertained, and it was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON asked leave to oiler the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That in the purchase of books for members of
the House, in pursuance of the resolution adopted yester-
day, directing the clerk to purchase certain books from
Gales 8c Seaton and Blair & Rives, said clerk is hereby di-
Teeted to give no more for the same amount of printed mat-
ter he may purchase from Gales & Seaton, than he gives to
Blair & Rives for books purchased of them.
Mr. WHITE and others objected to the reception of the
resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON moved for a suspension of the rules, to
enable him to offer it, and demanded the yeas and nays on
the question, which were accordingly ordered; and the
question being taken, it was decided "in the sedative, (there
Ml
as foUoIwa-WO"t'1'rdS affirmative,)— yeas 96, nays 83,
srs,' Barringer, Benton, Bidlack,
Rovrf K KJa«es ■ A■ Bla<*. Blackwell, Bowlin,
^ti .fni''ter'100^ Aaron V. Brown. Burke, Burt,
' J?remi*h f Ca,ry> Shepherd, Cary, Reuben
Chapman, Augustus A. Chapman, Clinton, Cobb, Coles,
Cuifom, Dana, Richard D. Davis, JohnW Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dillingham, Douglass, Diomgoole, Elmer, Farlee,
Fickhn, foster, French, Haramet, Henley, ,Herrick, Hoge
Hopkins, Houston, Habard, Hungerford, James B. Hunt!
Charles J. lngersoll, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Andrew
Johnson, Andrew Kennedy. Preston King, Labranche,
Leonard, Lucas, Lyon, McClelland, McClernand, McCon-
nell, McDowell, McKay, Matthews, Joseph Morris, Mur-
phey, Owen, Parmenter, Pollock, Pratt, Purdy, Reding
Relfe, Bitter, Russell, St, John, Saunders, David L. Sey-
f*inons> Jok1* T. Smith, Thomas Smith, Robert
Smith, Steenrod, Stetson, John Stewart, Stone, Strong
Sykes, Tavioi, Thompson, Tibbatts, Tucker, Weller, Went-
worth, Wheaton, Williams, Woodward, Joseph A. Wiieht
and Yost—95. & '
NAYS—Messrs, Abbot. Ashe, Baker, Milton Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Buffington, Carroll, Causin, Chilton,
Clinch, Ciingman, Collamer, Cranston, Dariagh, Gairett
Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Dickey, Fish, Hoience, Foot,
Giddings, W. Gieeu, Haidin, Harpei, Ilolmes, Hudson,
WaOnngtonHimt, fosepli R. lngersoll, Irvin, Jenks Perley
B. Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Daniel P. King-, Kirkpatrick,
Mcllvame, Marsh, Moselv, Nes, Newton, Patterson, Pey-
ton, Phoenix, Eiisha R. Potter, Preston. Ramsey, Rhett-
Rockwell, Rodney, Rogers, Sample, Schenck, Albert Smith,
Spenee, Stephens., Summers, 1 homasson, IMer, Vance
Vanmeter, "Vinton, Wethered, White, Winthiop, and Wil,
liam Wright—63.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. C. J. IN'GERSOLL refeired to a memonal that was
presented some da)s since, by the gentleman fiom Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] fiom certain citizens of Philadel-
phia, praying for an alterationofthenaluralizationlaws. and
which was laid on the table Having received several let-
ters on tho subject fiom his constituents, he went to the
clerk's office to look at the memorial, but found that it had
been withdrawn by the gentleman who presented it lie
had supposed that when a paper was laid on the table, it
was in the custody of the officers of the House, and could
not be withdrawn without leave of the House. He would
respectfully ask of the gentleman from Massachusetts
whether that memorial was in his possession, and whether
he would restore it to the House, so that he might have an
opportunity of examining it.
The SPEAKER inquired if the gentleman made any mo-
tion.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he wat. inquiiing foi a paper
which was said by the journal of the House to be on the
table, and was, therefore, supposed to be m the charge of
the presiding officer.
Mr. ADAMS said he had presented the memorial referred
to by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and it was, as
stated, laid on the table. He had also presented two other
memorials on the same subject, which, the House refusing
to receive, he had laid on the Clerk's table, under the inles,
and referred it to the Committee on the Judiciary; and it
was in consequence of that disposition ol these last men-
tioned memorials, that he had withdrawn, with the consent
of the Clerk, the first presented by him, for the purpose of
giving it the same direction. He now moved to reier it to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER remarked that when a proposition was
once laid on the table, it was out of the power of any mem-
ber to withdraw it; and no motion m ieference to it could
be entertained without a vote of two-thirds.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask that the paper be taken from the ta-
ble, and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER said the motion was not in order.
Mr. ADAMS asked the general consent of the House to
make the reference.
Several objections having been made-
Mr C. J. INGERSOLL said he would be perfectly willing
to have the memorial referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. All he wanted was to have an oppoituniry of pe-
rusing it.
Mr ADAMS moved to suspend the rules, to ennl le him to
submit the. motion; which was agreed to, and the memonal
was then referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER then srid that the first business in order
was the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pliiley
B. Johnson,] to reconsider the vote on passing the bill for
the adjustment of land titles m Arkansas, Louisiana, Mis-
sissippi, and Missouri, on which the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr Wff/TF] had appealed from the decision of the
Chair, deciding the motion to be m ouler.
Mr. WHITE then stated the giounds on which he had ta-
ken his appeal, viz: that the bill was not m the possession
of the House when the motion for reconsideration was
made. Mr. W. then proceeded to aigue the point raised by
him at length.
Mr. DR6mGOOLE replied to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Wiim.,] and said he should move that a mes-
sage. be sent to the Senate, apprizing that body, that a mo
tion of reconsideration was pending m this House, and
respectfully requesting that the bill be returned. He then
moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER entered into some explanations, and then
put the question on the motion for the previous question,
and it was sustained. ,
The House sustained the judgment of the Chair, from
which an appeal had been taken
Mr. DROMGOOLE offered the resolution of which he had
given notice.
A long conversation ensued; an appeal was taken trom
a decision of the Chair by Mr. WHITE; and, on a division,
the Chair was sustained, and Mr. Dromgoole's motion was
agreed to. .
The question next recurred on the motion to reconsider,
on which the yeas and nays were ordered, and being taken,
resulted as follows—yeas 91, nays 77.
So the reconsideration was agreed to.
The question now recurred on the passage of the bill' bitt
no reply had been received to the message sent to the Sen-
ate; and on the motion of Mr. FICKL1N, the further con-
sideration of the subject was postponed for one hour. -
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. McKAY, the House resolved itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, {Mr.
Hopkins in the chair,] and took up the naval appropriation
bill, which had come back from the Senate with some
amendments, which were acted upon
The amendment of the Senate in relation to the construc-
tion of a dry-dock at Brooklyn, New York, -was debated by
Messrs. S. CARY, MURPHY, PARMENTER, RATHBUN,
PHCENIX, and J. R. INGERSOLL; when
Mr. JOHN W. DAVIS moved that the committee rise,
for the purpose of offering a resolution to terminate the de-
hate.
This motion being rejected,
The question was then taken on coneuiiing in the amend-
ment, and decided in the negative—ayes &•>, noes 72.
The amendment in relation to the dry-dock at Pen-
sacola was next considered; and after some remarks fiom
Messrs. BLACK, McKAY, PARMENTER, LEVY, and
SCHENCK,
Mr. McKAY moved that the committee rise, for the pur-
pose of offering a resolution to teiminate the debate.
This motion being adopted, the committee rose and re-
ported progress; when
Mr. McKAY offered a resolution providing thai all debate-
on the bill in Committee of the Whole should cease in five
minutes after going into committee again; and that the
committee should then proceed to vote on the pending
amendments.
This resolution being adopted,
On motion by Mr McKAY, the House again resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state'of the Union,
and resumed the consideration of the naval appropriation
bill.
The question was then put on concurring in the amend-
mend in relation to the dry-dock at Pensacola, and re-
jected.
Mr. E. J. MORRIS offered a resolution, directing the Pre*
sidcnt to cause an examination of the navy haibor at Phila-
delphia, with a view to asceitain the practicability of
constructing a dry-dock there: rejected.
The amendment of the Senate coming up, striking out the
proviso of the House, discontinuing the spirit ration and pro-
hibiting the flogging of tho sailors, was read.
Mr. WELLER called for a division of the question.- He
was in favor of the spirit ration, but opposed to flogging.
The question was taken on the first branch of the amend-
ment, and it was concuired in—ayes 58—noes 57.
The question was taken on the second branch of the
amendment, and it was also concurred in—ayes 63—noes 68.
flic remaining amendments were disagreed to. The
committee then rose and reported the bill to the House.
Mr. HALE moved the previous question on the bill, and
it was sustained by the Ilouse.
On the motion ol Mi.McKAY, the civil and diplomatic, and
the army appropriation bills were taken up, they having
come from the Senate with a proposition for a committee of
confcrcnce. The House agreed to insist on its amendments,
and a committee was appointed on the part of the House to
meet a committee of conference appointed on the part of the
Senate.
The House resumed the consideration of the amendments
of the Committee of the Whole on the naval appropriation
bill, on the question of concurience, in which it was inter-
rupted by the arrival of the hour fixed for the House to take
a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
At 4 o'clock the SPEAKER called the House to
order, and stated the pending question to be on con-
curring with the amendments of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to the naval
appropriation bill.
On the amendment of the Senate in relation to
the abolition of corporal punishment,
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered, and resulted—yeas 54, nays 87.
So the House non-concurred with the Senate in
its amendment, by which the provision for the abo-
lition of whipping was stricken from the bill.
All the other amendments of the Committee of
the Whole were concurred in by the House.
The bill to adjust land titles m Louisiana and the
States, having come back from the Senate, as re-
quested by the House this morning, it was next
taken up, and after some debate, in which part was
taken by Messrs. HAMLIN, SLIDELL, CAVE
JOHNSON, and others, a proposition was made
by its friends to eviscerate it of some of its objec-
tionable features by general consent. That being
objected to, it was, on motion of Mr. SLIDELL,
recommitted to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, with instructions so to amend it.
Mr. SAUNDERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back "An act for the relief of Wal-
ter S. Alexander and others," with an amendment,
which was concurred it, and the bill was read a third
time and passed.
The House next took up the joint resolution on
the subject of funding money due to the Choctaw
Indians, now in the State of Mississippi.
Mr. WHITE offered an amendment providing
that in no case shall any allowance be made exceed-
ing 15 per cent, of the amount due the claimants, to
agents.
