May, 1844.,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?or
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
humanity itself. I feel it my duty to declare it such in the
presence of the House and of the country.
Mr. Chairman, we at this moment appear before the civil-
ized world in the disgraceful attitude of making war Upon
Mexico, an unoffending nation, in the obvious violation of
our treaty stipulations and our national faith solemnly
pledged, for the purpose of extending slavery and. perpetu-,
ating the slave trade. And I am exceedingly desirous of
knowing whether any political party, or any respectable
portion of any political party, intend, to supportland main-
tain this policy1 What say our democratic'friends? Hus
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Owen] spoken the senti-
mfents of his party ? Are the deradcrats of our free States
prepared to follow his lead? Will they enter the field with
"democracy and slavery, Texas and the slave-trade," in-
scribed upon their banners? If so, 1 ask them to come forth
boldly, unfurl your banners-, not -to the breeze, but to that
whirlwind of indignation ,which shalKscatter you to the
four winds of heaven, and Which will leave no other- memo-
rial of you than the disgraceful cause that shall have exter-
minated your party. But, sir, I have too much respect for
gentleman of that party in our free States to indulge appre-
hensions of this kind. I hope, on the contrary, to see them
treating this odious', this treasonable proposition, with that
scorn and contempt which it jubtly merits.
Mr. Chairman, I have endeavored to show this great ob-
ject—the extension and perpetuation of slavery in Texas,
and the establishment of a slave market there—can be effect-
ed b-y the federal government only by trampling upon the
fragments of-a violated constitution. I w ill now proceed to
examine the proposed means of effecting the permanent estab-
lishment of slavery in Texas, and the slave trade between
our slave States and-the ^people of that government. To
eftectthese objects the President proposes to annex'Texas
to the Union of these States. I, for one, deny .the constitu-
tional power of this government to amalgamate the political
destinies of this people with those of Texas or-any other
foreign government But, before I proceed with my argu-
ment on this point, I must notice a remark which fell from
the gentleman fi;om Alabama, [Mr. Belsek.] He said that
there was a class of puMic men who deny the constitutional
power of the federal government to annex Texas to this
Union. He then went on to say that such-were the views
of the abolitionists, and that their candidate for President
(James G. Birney) had started this doctrine. Now I beg
leave to differ with that gentleman as to the authoiship of
this doctrine. It had been put forth long before Mr Birney's
letter was written. It was put forth by a greater abolition-
istr than Mr. Birney—a man whom I have always regarded as
a far greater man, and to whose opinions I have from my
youth us, been taught, tp pay the highest respect. [Cries,
"Who is it? who is it?"] He was the author of the first abo-
lition tract ever published in the United States, and, in my
opinion, the best ever putforth. [Cries, "Name him; name
him."] I borrowed my own abolition sentiments from bis
writings, and have cherished them; and should continue to
do so, from respect to his memory, if from no other motive.
His name was Thomas Jefferson. [A laugh.] And his abo.
lition tract was called the "declaration of independence."
[Great laughter.] Before 1 quote his sentiments, I will state
that when he wrote, and subsequcntlyfto that period, so far
as this question has been agitated, statesmen and jurists
have drawn a marked distinction between tke acquisition of
mere territory t of acres, or square miles of land uninhabited,
and the annexing of a foreign people, who, having formed
themselves into a government, attempt to unite with those
of another nation. The ability to purchase territory with-
out inhabitants is one thing; but to annex a foreign govern-
ment—that is, the people of a Jbreign government, with
their habits, their moral and political views—-is another and
a different Subject. We must bear in mind that Mr. Jeffer-
son was president, and that the territory of Louisiana had
been purchased by a treaty negotiated under his administra-
tion, which, at the date of his letter to Mr. Breckenndge,
awaited the sanction of Congress. The letter was dated on
the I3thof August, 1803, and in it he says:
"The treaty must, of course, belaid before the two Houses
of Congress, because both have important functions to ex-
ercise respecting it.. They,! presume, will see their duty
to their country in ratifying and paying for it, so as to se-
cure a good which would otherwise probably be never
again in their power But I suppose they must then appeal
to the nation for an additional aiticleto the constitution ap-
proving and confirming an act which the nation had not
previously authorized."
These were his words. He, sir, had never conceived the
idea thatthe constitution had authorized the purchase of
foreign territory. He was conscious that the puicliase wa*
without any constitutional power, and suggested that au
amendment to the constitution should be proposed in order
to sanction the act. But, lest his views might not be fully
and explicitly understoodT'he proceeds to say:
"The constitution has madfi no provision for our holding
foreign territory, still less for incorporating foreign nations .
into our Union." • '
Here, sir, is the doctrine from the pen of a man whose opin-
ions upon the constitution I have always been accustomed
to respect. How is it with those who now call themselves
Jeffersonian democrats7 Do you acknowledge the authori-
ty of this gi eat apostle of democracy? Or will you reject
it; and take that of John Tyler and John C. Calhoun * I
need not appeal to my democratic colleagues; for the voice
of the people of Ohio has been expressed on this subject. A
resolution was introduced into the Senate of our State, some
six years since, adhering: to this doctrine of Jefferson, and
declaring that the federal government has no constitutional
power to annex Texab to this Union. Not a member of the
Senate, of either party, was found willing to risk his reputa-
tion by dissenting from this construction of the constitu-
tion. Such, too, was the case in the House of Representa-
tives, where it was also adopted unanimously. Since that
day there has been no-change of the constitution; and if my
colleagues of the opposite party are now prepared to reject
the voice of our Statt , and act in opposition to the opinion
of owr people as it was then expressed, I hope they will
come out frankly and say so, and let the issue be made up
fairly, so that we may proceed to trial beiore the people at
thecoming election without any cavilling as to the point in
controversy^ But I trust, sir, there will be but one Voke
on these questions, now forced upon the country. I will
not believe* that a single elector of that State will so dis-
frace the "Buckeye" character as to estimate the Texian
older of five slaves equal in moral worth to four freemeh
of Ohio. Or that the constitution of our country, and the
opinions of Mr. Jefferson, are to be disregarded in order- to
maintain slavery in Texas, or to perpetuate the slave trade,
Mr. Payne, of Alabama, requested of Mr. Giddings per-
mission to propound ^question to" him..
Mr. Giddjivus. . Ail hour is a short time to make a speech;
but if the gentleman will occupy but a shorf time, I /will al-
low him the opportunity to propound his question! " -
Mr. Payne desired the reporters to note what hestiid; and
then stated that, about two years since, a man by the name
of Torres a negro stealer, brought a wagon and team to
this District; while stealing some negroes they were arrest-
ed, and Torrey made his escape, leaving his wagon and
team. Subsequently it was said that a member on this floor
claimed the wagon and' team'and behalf of Torrey; and he
now asked the gentleman from Ohio what interest he had in
the property of that negro stealer?
Mr. GiJoomG*;. 1 am not at liberty to receive anything ut-
tered by a member on this floor as an insult Indeed, noth-
ing, coming from a certain quarter, can insult mc.
Mr. Paytos. I call upon the gentleman from Ohio to an-
swer my question; ana if he does hot, a committee ought
to be appointed to inquire into the fact. [Cries of "order, or-
der."]
Mr. Giddings. I have witnessed too many of these sudden
outbursts of passion to be very seriously alarmed by them.
Mr. Pay^, interrupting Mr. G. A man that will" deceive
his own parly cannot be made'ashamed of anything.
[Cries of order! order! from various parts of the hall; the
Chairman, rapping with his mallet, distinctly called Mr.
Payne to order.]
After order was restored, Mr. Gidi>ings resumed.
Mr. Chairman, these little innocent outpourings of the
heart are perfectly harmless even from an overseer, when
deprived oflus-uhip. You may, in such case, look him in
the face with perfect safety. To you, Mr Chairman, and to
the members generally, whom ! respect, I will say this is the
first intimation that I have had of any member's having been
suspected of any connection with the transaction alluded to;
nor had 1 an]' intimation of the transaction until I received
it in the newspapers. But I wish it to be understood that I
make this statement for the satisfaction j)f gentlemen, and
not for that of the member from Alabama I do not wish the
insinuation! to' rest a moment uncontradicted in the minds of
those who Understand the common courtesies of life, and
know what good breeding is; while I would scorn the idea
of making any reply whatever to the grovelling malice-that
prompts this attack.
But to return from this digression: I was saying that the
legislature of Ohio had agreed with Mr. Jefferson in his con-
struction of the constitution. I believe the legislatures of
Vermont, and Rhode Island, and Massachusetts have all co-
incided, with nearly unanimous voice, in the lame construc-
tion. And 1 also notice that the executive of Connecticut,
in his late message, expresses the same opinion. This, too,
was the view taken at the time by the venerable member
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] who opposed the passage
of any law, extending over the'people of the territory
of Louisiana until the constitution should be amended
so as to authorize the passage of such law. Here was
this difference of opinion between Mr. Jefferson and
Mr. Adams. The former believed that we could not hold
the right" of soil in the, territory purchased, without an
amendment of the constitution giving such powers, while
the latter gentleman appeared to think that such holding of
territory was widely different from incorporating a foreign
people into our government. Mr. Adams held that we had
the powei to purchase the acres, or square miles of land,
but agreed perfectly with Mr. Jefferson as to the absence
of all power to extend our laws over the people of Louisi-
ana, until the constitution should be so amended as to au-
thorize the act He was then a member of the Senate, and
voted against passing a law prohibiting the introduction ot
foreign slaves into that territory, for the reason that he be-
lieved Congress had not the constitutional right to legis-
late over those people, until the constitution should be
amended. This was the construction then put upintlie
constitution by both Jefferson and Adams. But as the peo-
pie of Louisiana, and the people of the United States, ap-
peared to be unanimous in their desire to have that terri-
tory incorporated with the States, a majority of Congress
felt willing to do so, and thereby save the delay and trouble
of amending the constitution, and it was thus done by uni-
versal consent. And Texas might now be admitted if the
whole people of both governments desired it. 3t would, in-
deed, be a violation of the constitution, but of course no
one could complain of it afterwards.
Under the old confederation, provision was made for ad-
mitting foreign people to a union of the States, in order to
incorporate Canada with the United States, when they
should be prepared for such union. But when the consti-
tution was framed, the treaty of 1783 had been ratified, and
the limits of the -United States were defined, and every man
understood the extent of our territory, and at the forma-
tion of the constitution every member had reference to
those boundaries.
The old thirteen States had each borne a portion of the
burdens, and had shared in the dangers, of the revolution.
Their people understood the objects for which they had
contended. And I should like to find the man w ho wilJ say,
that he really believes the framers of that instrument in-
tended to give authority to the federal government to annex
the people of these States to Mexico, or to Brazil, or to
Great Britain, by which our institutions would be sub-
verted. and all the blood and treasure expended in the levo-
lution would be lost to posterity ! Sir, no man believes
that such intention was entertained by a single member of
the convention And it iu perfectly clear that n hen Mr.
Jefferson wrote his letter, some fifteen years subsequently,
he well understood the powers intended to be granted, "it
is equally clear that when he purchased Louisiana, he was
conscious it was done without authority. But the people
acquiesced in the act, rather than to amend the constitution.
Thus the purchase of Louisiana forms no precedent in favor
of the right to hold foreign territory, or to annex a foreign
power to this Union. On the contrary j as that act was at 1
fhe time admitted to be without authority by M?. Jefferson-,
who negotiated the purchase, and by jyIt- Adams, then a
leading statesman, and as the power was not asserted by
any one, it furnishes the strongest proof against the exist-
ence of such power. Again, in the debates of the convene
tion that framed the constitution, and in the debates ofihf*
thirteen State conventions that ratified and adopted; it, not
an individual appears to have proposed the grantlfegof such
powers, or to have stipposed that the constitution contained
such powers. If, therefore, such powers exist, those "Who
framed and those who adopted the constitution were de-
ceived, and did not Understand the effect of the instrument
which they framed and adopted. And I appeal to the com-
mon sense of every man to decide, whether the people of New
England would have been likely to adopt the constitution baa
it been susnected of containing such pow ers.' Would they^ af-
ter years ortoil and danger and suffering to achieve our in-
dependence, have been likely to enter into any' compact
giving power to any body of men under heaven i'P place
them or their descendants under the dominion of any for-
eign people? Would the descendants of the pilgrim fathers—
of those who had been driven from the land of their nativity
by oppression, and who encountered the dangers of the sea,
and sought freedom in the new world, amid the perils that
awaited them; who, in the cabin of the Mayflower,-"while
speeding her way from the land of oppression, concocted
and arranged the first code of American popular govern-
ment, and who carried it into practical operation at Ply-
mouth. and inculcated its principles into the minds of their
children/* Would the descendants of those pilgrim hej'oep,
reared and educated in the religious and political faitO1 ot
.their fathers, and who had manifested their unmitigated h<> 
tred of oppression, and their own devotion to the doctrines
of civil liberty at Concord, at Lexington, at Bunker's-nillr
and on all the glorious battlefields of the revolutions-
would they have been likely to enter into any compact by
which this federal government might transfer them or their
descendants to the dominion of Texas, or Mexico, or Brazil,
or to England itself? Sir, the assertion that such powers ex-
ist in the constitution is a reproach upon the New England
character; it is offensive to New England feeling, an inapU'
tdtion upon New England honor, it is an insult to the "Com-
mon feelings of our people, and must inevitably call forth sr
corresponding indignation in the breast of every true Son of
the North.
But, Mr. Chairman, by adopting our federal constitution, a
union was voluntarily formed ol' the old thirteen States.
This was the act of each State; for each determined lor itself
upon the propriety of adopting the constitution. The com-
pact made provisions for admitting by act of Congress new
States, to be formed out of the territory included within the
boundaries dividing our government from foreign nations.
That union, formed by the wisdom of our fathers, and conse-
crated by the blood and suffering which had marked thejrre-
cent struggle for independence, we love and cherish. To it we
shall adhere in all of its stipulations. We regard it as the sanc-
tuary of American liberty. We shall defend it, if necessary,
with our treasure and our lives. But we shall hot surren-
der this Union, sanctioned and sanctified by half a century
of national prosperity, in order to try anew union, and that,
too, with slaveholding Texas! Sir, every school boj' must
see, that to form a new union with any foreign power,
would be, ipso jacto, a dissolution of our present Union.
Now, I would say to an imbecile President, and a demefcted
cabinet, that they have not the power to form a union be-
tween our people of the free States and Texas. If such a
union be ever formed, it will be the voluntary acts of the
people of our States and those of Texas. The Piesident and
his cabinet may enter into as many treaties as they please,
and make such stipulations as they please, and form such
unions forthemselves as they please—we shall adhere to
our present Union, if they wish to leave this Union and go
to Texas, I, for one, will bid them "God speed.'' And if
any of our southern sister States are desirous of leaving our
present Union to form a new compact with Texas, let them
say so with generous frankness. But if northern States pre-
fer adhering to our present Union, and leiuse to follow them
into such new confederacy, do not let them attempt to
charge us with dissolving the Union. I regret that any
noithernman should speak of dissolving the Union, if Tex-
as be annexed. Such expressions aie an abuse of language.
The act of uniting with Texas would itself be the dissolu-
tion; and refusal to unite with that government would be to
maintain the present Union.
Again: some northern men appear to think if our&outh*
em Stateb, with the executive, prefer a new compact with
Texas to lemaining 111 our present Union, that, in such case,
our northern States must of course abandon the sacred com-
pact formed by our fathers, and join such new and unholy-
alliance But, Mr. Chairman, for one, I am most decidedly
in favor of firmlymaintaining our present Union, although
.every slave State should foisake it, which 1 am suie they
will never do. It is, however, true that the southern dem-
ocratic pi esses, are holding out threats and menaces of a
dissolution of the Union, unless Texas is annexed. Well,
sir, if this spirit of dissolution shall enter into our southern
friends, and they shall "lun down that steep place into the
sea" of slavery" and are choked by its waves, the fault will
not be chaigeable upon us.
Mr. B> LstK of Alabama, said he desired to put a question
to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. Ctiddjnus. My time is fast spending, but if the gen-
tleman will be brief 1 willheai him.
Mr. Bti.fttR. I wish to inquire if the gentleman i'rom Ohio
will vote for a slaveholder at thecoming presidential elec-
tion '
Mi. Gimji-m.s. 1 should be led to think from the question,
that the gentleman putting it would not vote lbi a man who
is opposed to slavery. 1 had supposed my own views to be
understood. I have stated, Mr. Chairman, that your rights
and mine were perfectly mutual. The great and leading
feature of our national compact is a perfect reciprocity
of political rights among the several States, and between
the people of tne several States. At the adoption of the con-
stitution no one attempted to introduce such a test for office
as that now alluded to. Nor could the constitution have
been adopted upon the principle of excluding from office
those opposed to slavery, or those in favor of that institution.
If the gentleman from Alabama will withhold his .vote from
Mr". Birney, while Jw honestly believes that that gentleman
