708
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Feb. 1844.
-28th Cong....-1st Sess.
The tariff—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
will administer the-federal government with an upright and
constitutional: regard to the rights of auKthe States; and that
he will do itjiiore ably and more effectually thai* any other
snan, merely lor the reason that Mr. Biruepr is opjposed to
slavery then,'sir, he must have different views from those
whi'efanfeaxtertain. So, on the other hand, I/verily believe
that ClajMvill administer the government with an honest
and strldt regard to the constitutional rights of all the States.
This he stands.publicly pledged to do-| and a long life of.pub-
lie service, in which he nas shown himself honest and inde-
pendent, gives to the'eountry the best possible assurance that
he will maintain those rights to which. I have alluded, and
will wipe out the foul disgrace already brought upon our na-
iionai*character> by attempting to make slavery and the de-
testable slave-trade a subject of national support. Mr. Birney,
if elected, and were iii possession of Mr. Clay's talents and
experience, could do no more. For I have no idea he would
disregard the constitution, or invade the rights of tfce South.
Under these circumstances; can any man suppose that I
would abandon the high constitutional principles for which
I am contending, and make an issue unknown to the consti-
tution?
Mr. Clay did not, himself, act on such principles when he
voted for my venerable friend near me, [Mr. Adams.] "Is
he holiest? is he capable? is he devoted to the constitution?"
are the questions propounded to me as an American citizen,
when called to vote for Mr. Clay, or any other candidate.
If compelled to answer these interrogatories in the affirm-
ative, I. should violate my own views of propriety were 1
to tUrm aside, to makeup an issue in regard to hig holding
slaves-under the laws of Kentucky. I am aware that many
hone?t and patriotic citizens feej disposed to-make the fact
of.^olding slaves the testfor office. I do not so understand my
duty. On the contrary, I have at all times, and in all places,
held that the true test for office is a just and upright adher-
rence to the constitution in all its bearings upon each and
all the States, leaving the subject of slavery in the States to
be disposed of by the several State governments, guided by
feelings of enlightened philanthropy, which is now fast ex-
tending its benign influence through the whole Christian
word, and which, in my opinion, at no distant day will strike
the shackles from every slave in these States, and will re-
deem and regenerate our nation from; the foul stain that now
re?ts upon it. •
But, Mr. Chairman, i little thought of being driven into a
discmssion of the presidential election when I "commenced
my remarks. I have a few minutes left, and I have scarcely
entered upon my subject.. I, however, wish to call the at-
tention of the committee to the expediency of the proposed
annexation, provided it were possible to effect it. The peo-
ple of New England are emphatically the moral, political,
and religious antipodes of those who reside in Texas. They
are not Homogeneous. Their interests are as widely Sepa-
rated as are their geographical locations, and can never be
made to unite! Their habits and their morals are distinct,
as are their local situations. The protective policy ot New
England can never be reconciled to the free-trade principles
of Texas The love of universal liberty, so prevalent in
New England, is wholly incompatible withTexian slavery.
No act of Congress, favoring. the interests or the views of
New England, would be acceptable t  the people of Texas.
So, on the other hand, whatever law Congress may pass
favoring the interest of Texas, will be unacceptable to the
people of New England.
But I am anxious to say a word in relation to the corres-
pondence between the Secretary of State and the British
minister resident in this city. I refer particularly to the let-
ter of Mr. Calhoun to Mr. Pakenham, dated on the 18th of
last month. And, Mr. Chairnun, I feel humbled, as an
American citizen, when compelled to speak of that letter, in
which this government, and the people of this nation, are
represented as solicitous to continue slavery in Texas, and
to oppose the progress of freedom and of human rights m
that government. For himself, and for the executive, he
■was authorized to speak} but lor the government, at least
for the legislative branch of it, he was not authorized to
speak. Sir, the representation that the legislative body
•were desirous to oppose the progress of civil liberty, i be-
lieve to be unfounded and untrue. For myself, as one of
the members of this branch of the legislature, I declare it a
misrepresentation. So far as that letter goes to impute to
the people of the free States a desire to oppose the progress
of human rights, and to extend and peqjetuate slavery and
the slave trade, I regard it as a base slander upon northern
character.
Mr. Burt, of South Carolina, wished to interrupt the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. Giddings. 1 have but a minute or two left, and 1 want
to say many things. .
Mr. Burt. I want to know if the member from Ohio
meant to say that the Secretary of State has done, or is ca-
pable of doing, anything base?
Mr. Giddings. I am a little surprised at that question.
M*. Burt, (much excited) That was your language
Mr. Giddings. Mr. Chairman, I hardly know how to un-
derstand this southern dialect.
Mr. Burt, (amid cries of order, and the rapping of the
chairman's mallet.) Do you understand your own lan-
guage?
Mr. Giddings. If gentlemen will keep cool I shall soon
be through my hour, end 1 will then answer all the ques-
tions they pleafce to put to me. I had remarked, that so far
as the letter in question went to impute to the people of th# 
free States a desire to maintain and continue a traffic in
human flesh, a traffic which we have denounced as piracy,
and to extend the curse of slaveij , so fai I regarded it as a
base slander upon northern character. And 1 would ex-
press the same idea in more forcible language it I could
command it. I deny that any such feeling exists north ol
Mason and Dixon's, line, and i characterize the assertion as
basely slanderous.
But, Mr. Chairman, if my indignation was excited at the
imputation to which I have alluded, I was humbled and mor-
tified at-seeing a weak and loosely penned lecture in favor
of slaveholding, made the subject of an official communica-
tion to the British government by an American Secretary of
State; particularly as the whole argument against human
liberty was based upon errors in our late census, which
were palpably obvious to any person who would examine
the official returns. Those errors relate to the number of
colored persons reported to be in one free states. I
say the errors are easily detected, "and I will give-an exam-
ple. In Ohio several townships are reported as containing
fifty-one colored insane- persons, while the official returns
show that there are no colored, persons in the same town-
ships. In other States the same errors appear upon the face
of the official reports; and in Massachusetts there are more
than a hundred and thirty insane colored persons reported
as belonging to.one family, in which it is fully shown that
no colored person ever resided. Notwithstanding this rep-
resentation of insane colored persons bore with it an ex-
posure o?its own errors, it would seem that the honorable
Secretary could see only one side of the statement. These
palpable errors are seized upon as furnishing conclusive
evidence that freedom'was conduoive to insanity. Haying
made this grand discovery; he hastened to inform the British
government of the sublime -effects which slavery and degra-
dation has upon the human, intellect, when the person is of
dark complexion. He evidently supposed that the ordinary
mode of publishing philosophical discoveries to the world
would be too slow for his philanthropy, and he hastened to
communicate it forthwith; and to insure public attention, he
put it into the form of an official message.
The effect which this important communication liad upon
the British government we have not yet learned. Whether
the British ministiy will be convinced of the truth of this
novel theory, or whether they will regard the honorable
Secretary himself as being in a state of insanity, superin-
duced by the very great liberty he has been taking with the
rights of the people, as well as with the rights of Mexico,
must be left for time to disclose. Now, it so happened that
one of those gentlemen so liable to become insane, accord-
ing to the theory of tke honorable Secretary, had, many
months prior to the date of this communication, exposed, in
a most able and convincing manner, the errors of the census
to which I have referred. I allude to Dr. James McCuue
Smi,th, of New York, a gentleman of fine education and un-
usual talents, but his color is said to resemble that of Touis-
sant jnucli more than it does that of the honorable Secreta-
ry. B'eeling indignant at an article "put forth in a southern
periodical, containing the doctrine of the honorable Secre-
tary's letter, he published his essay -to which I have refer-
red; and I think his friends will not hesitate to place his
publication beside the honorable Secretary's letter, and' let
the world judge from the two productions which exhibits
the greatest evidence of insanity, the Secretary of State or
the Africo-Americsn, whom the Secretary thinks would be
much happier while writhing under the lash of an overseer,
than while giving to fhe southern "literati" the productions
of his well-trained mind. But I will hazard the opinion that,
if the honorable Secretary had spent his time in reading Dr.
Smith's •ssays, instead of writing this famous letter to show
that the learned doctor should be toiling as a slave on a
southern plantation, his own mind would have been im-
proved, and the character of the country far better .sus-
tained.
Mr. G. was cut off by the expiration of his hour, and the
debate was not renewed upon the 1^11 then pending.
SPEECH OF MR. EVANS,
OF MAINE.
In the Senate, February 6 and 7, 1844.—In reply to Mr. Me-
Du*f'jK'a second speech on the tariff.
Mr. EVANS said tjiat so many days had elapsed since the
senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDuf* ik] addressed the
Senate for the second time upon the subject which was
again under consideration, that the interest excited by that
occasion had quite passed away; and he almost regretted
that he did not forego the privilege of a reply, and permit
the question to be taken, and the whole matter disposed of,
at the conclusion of that senator's remarks. He had already
more than once inquired for what purpose this debate was
to be continued. Did the honorable senator expect that the
hill which he had brought in, or any which he proposed to
substitute for it, would come to a vote in this body' He
imagined the senator had no such expectation; and still less
could he expect that it wolild become a law. Yet the sena-
tor and his friends upon the other side seemed exceedingly
anxious to prolong debate. Discussion, it seems, is to be
kept up merely for the sake of discussion Is it for the pur-
pose of effect elsewhere? Is it designed to produce an iin-
pression upon public opinion* Is it for the sake-of giving
advice and instruction to the people, to convince them of
the oppressions under which they labor—to reason them
into a sense of evils which afflict them/ This, it appears to
me, (said Mr. E ) is a very unnecessary and uncalled-fox ef-
fort on the part of Congress. If the people.really labor un-
der any oppression or injustice—if their interests, their
business, their prosperity, are affected injuriously By exist-
ing laws,—they are certainly sagacious enough to discover
At, and sensitive enough in everything which peitains to
their welfare to make it known, without waiting to be con-
vinced of the reality of their sufferings by discussions,
however learned or elaborate, of "elementary principles,"
or of contested doctrines of political economy. They do
not need the testimony of Adam Smith, or ot any ol his
disciples, to prove to them whether their affairs are pros-
perous or otherwise; and if they do not discover that they
are grievously oppressed in any other manner than by v, hat
the senator calls "established truths in political economy,"
it is very much to be questioned whether they will ever
make the discovery at all. Now, sir, with all deference, I
submit whether it will not be quite early enough for us to
enter upon matters of such magnitude o.-> we arc now called
upon to consider, with a view to alleviate pressing evils,
when we hear proof of the actual, ^ot theoretical, existence
of such evils—when the suffeiers themselves appeal to us
for relief But when we have nothing but assertion without
proof—theory without fact; when we have no evidence of
popular discontents fomented by oppression and injustice—
no complaints,—is it not rather too much to assume the ex-
istence of such evils, upon the authority of any ''element-
ary principles," from whatever source derived, and by what-
ever names of authority sanctioned? Are we. under such
circumstances, performing the proper functions of legisla-
tion, in efforts to impress the public mind with a sense of
injustice and oppression—which have no existence, and
which, if they did exist, would be discovered much more
promptly by the experience and tbs common sense of the
people themselves, than by any argumejitatiops which we
can address to them? It however, rt js deemed iuiti
i suitable, by
senators upon the other side,' to prolong this dweasaon,
■with a view to enlighten the countty to a sense of the '
wrongs which'afflict it, to the country we will gp, and we
abide its ultimate decision, with tne most unfaltering conn-
When I had the honors address, the Senate, some days
ago, upon this subject, I made a very casual-reference to the
philosophy of Lord Bacon, and" remark^ that it. seemed to_
me the honorable senator's mode of conducting theargu-
ment partook more of the exploded system of the" schoolmen
and sophists who preceded'that philosopher^ than it did or c
the new and now .universally established system, jvliich xs
enerally supposed to have been the fruits of his discovery.
_ had no idea, that a passing remark, thus made, wo^ld give
occasion fo± so extended a notice as the honorably senator
has bestowed upon it. He supposes that I omitted to. ex-
plain what were the principles of philosophical reasoning
disclosed by Lord Bacon; the chief value of which he con:
siders to be the establishment of certain great and funda-
mental laws, which are ever after to be assumed as un-
questionable,, in all investigations of science or art. The
senator has remarked also that I • omitted to state that the
most successful application of the inductive process of rea-
soning to the affairs of life, was made by a distinguished
philosopher of Scotland, Adam Smith, some 70 years ago, to
the very «cionee of political economy which we afe now
considering; that, by this process, he established certain,
fundamental laws—certain elementary principle?, which
were not only true then, but which are to remain true and
unquestioned, through all changes 'of lmman affairs—
through all the revolutions in business—trade commerce-—
agriculture, occasioned by discoveries- and improvements
in arts and science, in law, and gov^rnm'ent, whatever may
be the experience of the world, or of nations, or howeyer
they may be refuted by the plainest evidence of our senses.
The senator furthei complains that I did not myself follow
the principles of reasoning which I commended to him.
Now, sir, to all this I have only to say that I did state, briefly
to be sure, the principal difference between the old philoso-
phy and the new. t said that the old was foundedon th.eo-
ties and speculations; the new on facts, observations, and
experience. The old rested on the authority and.the teach-
ings of sophists and schoolmen, and speculative projectors;
the new on plain, palpable, daily occuring events, speak-,
insr to the senses and the judgments of men. . The former
endeavored to promulgate for truth their own pre-conceived.
opinions—dogmas—assertions; the latter discovered it by
following the guide of experience and observation, wheth-
er the senator or myself has most closely followed this pro-
cess of reasoning, will appear from a brief reference to tha
subjects discussed, and the manner in which they were
treated.
The senator commenced his first address with a ve-
hement denunciation of the act of 1844. He denominated
it a monster, with fraud and deception stamped upon
its face, This was the general charge. But he de-
scended to specifications. He asserted: 1. That it was
destructive to the revenue of the country, exposing the
Treasury to embarrassment and insolvency. 2. ihat it
was destructive to the commerce oi the country, one-half
of which had already sunk under its operation, and the other
half was doomed speedily to follow; 3, That it-imposed
great and onerotfs burdens upon the people of the United
States by enhancing the cost of all manufactured and im-
ported commodities of general consumption 4. Jjia it
operated with peculiar oppression and injustice upon the
planting section of the country, by depressing the price of
their principal articles of production, and by increasing
the price of everything which they were obliged to
purchase. These were the main grounds, of complaint
against the law enacted in 1842, and against the prin-
ciple of protection, upon which it was supposed to
rest. These were the topics to be discussed. And
how did the senator make good his charge and his
several specifications? By facts? By experience? Did he
refer to the treasury statements to ascertain whether
the revenue had actually declined—whether one-half of
the foreign commerce haa ceased? No sir, not at all. tie
relied upon the authority of Adam Smitlv— upon theories ot
political economy which he says are "fundamental laws,
never questioned, and never to be questioned. The
matters in dispute between us are matters oi iaot.
Has the revenue declined? Has commerce ceased.
All the theories and all the fundamental laws in the
world cannot answer these questions; but plain tacts,
accessible to every one of us, can and do answer them 1
referred to the treasury statistics, showing, beyond ail con-
troversy or doubt, that the revenue hadaetually increased,
and is still rapidly increasing, under the operations ot the
acfof 1342. Of consequence, commerce, from which the
revenue is derived, has increased *nd is increasing,
to prices. In the senator's theory, they have risen. In point
of fact, they have fallen. I speak of prices of protected arti-
cles of general consumption. Not a single instance has
been adduced where any considereble advance has taken
place; but according to 'fundamental laws"—"elementary
principles," such an advance ought to have taken p ace,
and therefore the set of 1842 i* clearly onerous and op-
pressive. Then, as to the great staples of southern pro-
duction. The complaint was, that they had declined m
price, in consequence of that a#t. 1 proved, bj a. compari-
son of present prices with those of last year at this time,
that both cotton and tobacco had considerably advanced,
and of coarse that no such oppression hud been experienced,
as the senator-assumed to have been felt These were the
matter® in controversy, and I submit whether tne senator
has maintained or ettempted to maintain a single one of his
charges by reference to authentic, existing fact?, by proofs,
by experience: or whether he has not contented himself by
positive assertions, resting upon theories, and dogmas of
political economists, just as the disciples of the ancient phi-
losophy maintained their creeds, upon what they deemed
"fundamentallaws," and "elementary principlesP Theact
ot 1842 which has proved so beneficial to all interests ol the
country Js not, I trust, to be overthrown or shaken by any
such process of reasoning as the senator has applied to ii.
The truth is, and every man who will open his eyes cannot
but see it, that the country is recovering itself with
grsat and astonishing rapidity iroafr tUe
