£.,4 -
#94
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aership between the governmeut and the institute which I
supposed would be injurious to both; and also because the
allowance of so large a sum as $4V000, not for the purchase of
the property, as your reporter has it, but for merely taking
care of this property for a single year, was extravagant. It
was in this connection I said that within my own knowledge
three able professors who conducted a most respectable col-
lege in the interior of Pennsylvania, did not altogether re-
ceive more than $4,500 in salaries. I spoke as I felt, in the
most respectful terms of the National Institute and its mem-
bers. _
Yours, very respectfully,
JAMES BUCHANAN.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 17, 1844.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the reading of the
journal was dispensed with.
Mr. SEVIER offered a
unccou a. joint resolution to change
the hour for the adjournment of Congress, from 12
o'clock to 4.
The resolution was adopted.
• Mr. CHOATE presented a petition against the
annexation of Texas to the United States. It was
laid on the table.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the joint resolu-
tions of the legislature of Connecticut on- the sub-
jects of the tariff, the annexation of Texas to the
United States, and the French spoliations prior to
1S00. They were laid on the table, "and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented the memorial of a
large number of the citizens of the city of "Wash-
ington, remonstrating against the bill of the House
for the regulation of mesne process and imprison-
ment for debt in the District of Columbia; it was
laid on the table.
The several adverse reports of standing committees,
lying on the table for the action of the Senate, were
taken up, and the reports were concurred in.
Mr. BATES moved to postpone the previous or-
ders for the purpose of taking up the House pen-
sion bill, (No. 7,) with a view of commemorating
this anniversary of the battle of Bunker Hill, (17th
June,) by doing something for the widows of revo-
lutionary soldiers, whose hopes had been deferred
by the failure of another bill in the House, action
on which was now out of the question.
The previous orders were accordingly suspended,
and the bill was taken up for consideration, as in
committee of the whole.
On motion by Mr. BATES, all after the enacting'
clause was stricken out, and a substitute was insert-
ed, in which provision was made for the payment of
the pensions of those widows for four vears from
March, 1844.
The bill was then reported back; the amendments
were concurred in, and ordered to be engrossed; and
that being done, the bill was read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. BAGBY, from the Committee on Territories,
reported adversely on memorials referred to it: con-
curred in.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the vote adopting
the joint resolution suspending the adjournment of
Congress till 4 o'clock, was reconsidered, and the
resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. TAPPAN called up the joint resolution pro-
viding that the use of the plates of the maps of the
exploring expedition should be allowed for the pub-
lic benefit, and it was read a thud tnne and passed.
Mr. EVANS rose to move that the Committee
on Finance should be discharged from the considera-
tion of all matters referred to it and not reported
upon; but before putting that question, he would,
in the absence of any other business, account for
the fact that no general report, was made by that
committee in -reference to communications and sug-
gestions from the Treasury Department calling for
the action of Congress in relation to outstanding
treasury notes, and the portion of the public debt
falling due on the 1st of January next. The
committee had considered all this maturely in
connection with the financial condition of the
government up to the close of the current
fiscal year; and had come to the conclusion
that no action of Congress was necessary this ses-
sion on the subject, as the debt to be paid in Janu-
ary next would be amply provided for in the sur-
plus which the treasury would have on hand at
that time. Mr. E. went into a minute statistical de-
i°f ,,e eon(iition of finances, stating that 1843
and 1844 was the first year of the new tanffin which
its effects could fairly be tested, and that the result
had exceeded even his most sanguine expectations.
I he surplus now m the treasury was upwards of
five millions and a half; which, by the end of the
month, would be swelled to seven millions, and by
the 1st of January next to ten millions; so that the
portion of the public debt then falling due, ($5,672,-
976,) with a million for treasury notes to be redeem-
ed then also, and a million and a quarter next year,
making in all $8,000,000, would leave a surplus still
in the treasury of $2,000,000 after the 1st of Janu-
ary next. The baSis o/hiS calculation for this surplus
of $10,000,000 was as follows: The receipts from cus-
toms for the current fiscal year are $25,612,000; that is,
actual receipts of eleven months, ascertained, $23,-
312,541; and the present month, estimated, $2,300,-
000; which, with the public lands and receipts from
miscellaneous sources, would make the whole in*
come of the year $27,673,000. The expenditures
of eleven months have been $18,374,371, and for
June would be $1,800,000—making $20,000,000 in
round numbers, and leaving a surplus of $7,612,000
at the end of the current fiscal year. He estimated
the receipts from customs for the half year from
1st July to 1st January next, at $14,000,000; and
from other sources at more than three and three-
quarter millions—making in all, $17,796,000. If
to this be added the receipts of the current half year,
(from 1st January, 1844 to 1st July,) the receipts
of the calendar year will be $31,659,249; and al-
lowing for the expenses of Congress and appropria-
tions not taken into account, a million and a half
half mox'e for the coining half year, than for this
half year, the expenditures of the calendar year
will be $21,760,529; which, deducted from the re-
ceipts, will leave nearly $10,000,000 in the treasury
to meet the portion of the loan then payable, and
the treasury notes falling due, altogether amounting
to $8,000,000 as before stated; showing a net surplus
of §2,000,000, instead of a larger deficit.
The public debt, on the 3d of July last, had
been returned at $35,265,000; but this was too much
by $7,000,000, because $11,000,000 for treasury
notes had been included, though provision was
made for the transfer of $7,000,000 to the loan; and
when these came to be adjusted in the succeeding
month, the real debt was only $25,565,127; which
had been decreased during the last year to $23,391,-
044. After the surplus revenue has pait) off the
debt falling due in January, there will be but fifteen
and one-third millions outstanding, part falling due
in 1853, and part in 1863: so that there can be no
danger of any embarrassment, unless some disturb-
ance of our foreign relations was to take place,
which he did not apprehend. Any disturbance,
however, with even the most petty foreign nation,
would cause a derangementof all these anticipations.
In this statement he trusted he had shown that, un-
der the tariff of 1842, all his predictions had been
more than realized. He referred to all he had said
on this head in his speech in reply to the senator
from South Carolina last January. In short, the
tariff had been so productive, that he was beginning
to have some apprehensions that there would be
rather too much surplus—a thing he had no desire
to see.
Mr. WOODBURY said he rose to state his con-
currence in the report made by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance; but not for the same rea-
sons. Mr. W. believed that there might be money
enough in tile treasury on the 1st of January next
to pay the amonnt of debt then falling due. He
did not, however, think there would be a balance as
largo as ten millions. As most of the treasury notes
out were on large interest, their payment was not
likely to be pressed; and hence, as we could get
along without renewing and extending the other
loan in time of peace, he trusted the debt soon be-
coming due could and would be entirely extin-
guished.
He would not, at this late hour, detain the Senate
but a minute longer in stating why he did not an-
ticipate so large a balance.
The chief reason was, that the increase in our
revenue from customs arose from a great change in
the markets, commerce, and industry of this coun-
try and Europe towards the close of the calendar
year 1843. It sprung from the opening of new mar-
kets in Asia, and in the increased demand everywhere
to supply deficiencies that had arisen under the
severe depressions of business that had continued
for some years. It was the return of the tide in
trade, as inevitable as the laws which govern the
ocean tides themselves, arising from the great laws
of commerce, and supply and demand, and by no
means from the new tariff of August, 1842, as seem-
ed to be the idea of the chairman. It would change
and fluctuate according to those laws. If it had
wisen from that tauff, then, in truth, it might con-
tinue as long as that tariff lasted, and realize all the
sanguine hopes the chairman anticipated in the more
remote future.
But, as conclusive proof that it sprung from oth-
er causes, and would diminish or wear out, and lead
to other revulsions, with the changc in those causes,
was the fact that the increase of revenue did not be-
gin with the passage of the tariff in August, 1842;
nor did it begin with the ensuing quarter, nor even
with the commencement of the enauing calendar
year, 1843; nor has it at all been cotemporaneous
with it. The official records before us all show that
the augmentation in the customs never commenced
during the whole twelve months after the new tariff
passed—nay, sir, it did not begin till the close of the
next calendar year after—that is, in the last quarter
of 1843. The estimates just presented by the chair-
man demonstrate all this, as they are for one year
—from July, 1843, and again one year from July,
1844—and none of them for the first year after the
new tariff took effect. Eut, if the chairman was
right, why did he object on a former occasion to a
reduction of the present tariff, when it was yielding,
and likely to yield permanently, ten millions more
than our necessary expenses? Why continue to
tax the people by it to such an enormous amount,
more than would be required for an economical ad-
ministration of the government' It was his duty,
and ours, on his reasoning, to make a reduction
without delay.
Not to dwell on this, Mr. W. would correct an
error about the debt and credit of the government,
and then forbear further remark. It had been said
in a high quarter, at the commencement of this ses-
sion, that the embarrassments and discredit of the
treasury, existed in March, 1841, and had been
cured by the new administration. Now he appealed
to the official documents before 'us, that all the
money needed before March, 1841, was promptly
obtained at 6 per cent., and often less; and every
obligation recognised by law was promptly paid.
Every senator within sound of his voice knew it
was not till after the laige additional appropriations
made at the extra session, under the new adminis-
tration, and the distribution of the public lands then
adopted by that administration, that the treasury
became unable to meet its engagements, or to bor-
row a dollar at the usual rates of interest, and that
its treasury notes became depreciated and unre-
deemed after due.
Nor was this wretched condition remedied till the
public lands were taken back, and new means thus
furnished, and new confidence thus inspired. And the
whole countiy would/bear witness, that those most
zealously engaged m accomplishing this desirable
restoration of public credit were the very gentle-
men in this body, with whom he was in the habit
of co-operating on most public matters.
Mr. EVANS did not desire to enter into discus-
sion on political causes or consequences; he had
merely detailed facts. The* practical result of the act
of 1842 and the present condition of the finances had
been detailed by him without comment, as a mere
exhibit of the financial condition of the country at
the close of the present session, and with a view of
accounting for the absence of any report in relation
to the suggestions of the Treasury Department.
He moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of all matters referred to it
not reported upon.
The committee was accordingly dischared.
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the Com-
mitttee on the Public Lands was discharged from
the consideration of all matters referred to it and not
reported upon The committee was accordingly
discharged. He also reported a bill, which was
read, and ordered to a second reading, relating to
certain harbors.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, the Committee on
the District of Columbia was discharged from the
further consideration of all matters referred to it and
not reported upon.
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Commit-
tee on ^Commerce was discharged in like manner
from the consideration of all matters referred to it
and not reported upon.
Mr. BREESE asked if the Committee on Public
Lands had been discharged.
The CHAIR replied that it had.
Mr. BREESE said he very much regretted the
committee should have made such an application,
and that the Senate should have consented to it, in-
asmuch as a bill of very great importance to the
State of Illinois had passed the House a few days
Since, and was before that committee for their action'
