CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the subject-matter of the bill having been before the
Senate committee more than a month. He alluded
to the bill directing the President to sell certain
mineral lands in Illinois, Wisconsin, and Iowa.
Mr. W. said he had been unceasing in his efforts to
get the bill reported to the Senate, but he had been
refused; he had every reason to expect a report; it
was a measure just in itself, and should be adopted.
He regretted very much the committee had not re-
ported the bill for the action of the Senate, which he
had no douty would be favorable.
Mr. TALLMADGE now called up the joint
resolution, relating to the suspension of the 16th and
17th joint resolutions.
Mr TAPPAN moved to amend it, so as to admit
of interchanging all bills acted upon up to half past
11 o'clock.
After some discussion, the -amendment was
adopted.
The act for the relief of Benjamin Murphy, having
been returned from the House wiih amendments,
was taken up, and the amendments were concurred
in.
On motion of Mr. "WALKER, the bill entitled an
act to authorize the repayment for lands sold by the
United States without authority of law, and for
other purposes, reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, was considered, read a third time and
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the bill from the
House, entitled "An act to legalize the sales of certain
lands made at the Chocchuma and Columbus land
offices in the State of Mississippi," was taken up,
considered, and passed.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the bill for carry-
ing into effect the convention between the United
States, and the republic of Peru, of 17th March,
1841, concluded at Lima, 17th March, 1841, was
taken up, considered, read a third time, and passed.
The House amendments to the bill for the relief
of F. A. Carr, were concurred in.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, the bill from
the House, supplementary to an act entitled "An
act for laying off the towns of Port Madison and
Burlington, in the county of Des Moines, and the
towns of Btllevue, Dubuque, and Peru, in the coun-
ty of Dubuque, Territory of Wisconsin, and for
other purposes," approved the 2d July, 1836, and
the act amendatory "thereto, approved March 3,
1837, was taken up, considered, read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Philadelphia, relative to a reform of the naturali-
zation laws: laid on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to take up the bill
for the relief of Major Thomas Harrison: it was
taken up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BATES hoped not, at this late hour of the
session, as the bill involved a principle of great im-
portance. The bill allows a pension beyond the
maximum allowed by law.
Mr. BATES moved to lay the bill on the table.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative.
The bill having been debated by Mr. BATES in
opposition and by Mr. CIIOATE in its favor, it
was reported to the Senate.
The question being, Shall the bill be. ordered to a
third read in2'
Mr. BATES called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and being taken,resulted in the affirm-
ative—yeas 29, nays 14.
The lull was then read the third time, and passed.
The bill for the rechartcr of the District banks
having bee.i returned from the House with amend-
ment," providing that (lie banks shail wind up their
affairs.
Air. MILLER moved that the Senate concur m
the amendments from the House.
The qn.-Mion was taken, and the amendments
were concurred in.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the resolution he
offered on Satuulay to print 20,000 extra copies of
the report of the Committee oil Retrenchment, was
taken up for consideration.
Mr. WALKER did not see how these 20.000
copies were to be distributed after Congress adjourn-
ed. If this must be printed, he hoped the same
puvilcje would be extended to the minority report.
Mr."'WOODBURY suggested that the number
might be reduced to 10,000; 20,000 of each would be
a very large number.
Mr. ARCHER accepted the amendment to in-
clude the minority report.
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted.
On motion of Mr. EYANS, the resolution offered
by Mr. Sevier in the morning relative to changing
the adjournment of Congress from 12 o'clock to 4,
was taken up, amended by substituting 2 o'clock,
adopted, and sent to the House.
The resolution heretofore submitted by Mr.
walker ordering the printing, for the use of the
Senate, of 20,000 extra copies of the report of Pro-
fessor Johnson on the experiments made by him to
test the qualities of coal, was taken up and adopted.
The resolution submitted by Mr. White, that the
compensation of Robert P. Anderson, messenger of
the Senate, be §3 per day; that Lewis Sanders, P.
Y. Page, Thomas Clark, and Benjamin Owens, be
allowed the same pay and compensation as messen-
gers of the Senate, to commence from the first day
of the present sesion, was taken up and adopted.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Tap-
pan, was taken up for consideration:
Resohed, That there he paid to the chaplain of the Senate,
and to the officers and messengers in the library of Con-
gress, out of the contingent fund of the Senate, anc1 under
the direction of the committee to audit and control the same,
the amounts respectively that were allowed to them at the
long session of the last Congress.
The resolution, having been so amended as to
strike out the extra pay to the officers and messen-
gers in the library, was adopted.
The Senate then, on the motion of Mr. ARCH-
ER, proceeded to the consideration of executive
business, and having spent some time therein, the
doors were opened.
The time determined upon for the close of the
session of Congress having nearly arrived, and Mr.
Bayard being in the chair, Mr. Woodbury submit-
ted the following resolution, which was considered
by unanimous consent:
"Resolved, unanimously, That the thanks of the Senate he
presented to the Hon Willie P. M >.r. vfor the ability and
impartiality with which he has discharged the duties of
President pro tempore of the Senate."
The resolution was passed without a dissenting
voice, and after an interval occupied in the transac-
tion of business,
Mr. MANGUM, the President pro tempore, re-
sumed the chair, and, being informed of the adop-
tion of the resolution in his absence, he rose and
made the following brief address:
Senators: The moment of separation for this
session having arrived, you will indulge me in occu-
pying apartof this moment in giving expression to
the feelings of sensibility and of gratitude with
which the vote just passed in my regard has so deep-
ly impressed me. The uniform spirit of kindness
and courtesy which has ever been a distinguishing
characteristic of the Senate of the United States,
has not failed to impart to the individual who has
had the honor to preside over its deliberations, a
feeling of confidence that his acts would be viewed
with kindness and forbearance. This anticipation
has not only been realized through the tedious and
sometimes laborious duties of legislation, but there
is now superadded, by so generous an expression of
satisfaction, an evidence of friendly feeling which
shall be treasured in memory in all future time. In
turn, I may be permitted to say, that I feel deeply
sensible that the success which may have attended
my endeavors to perform the responsible duties of
presiding officer with impartiality, must be attrib-
uted to that courtesy which belongs peculiarly to
this body, and to that dignity of decorum which has
elevated its character in i he rank of legislative as-
semblies of the world.
Differing as many of the members of this body do
in political opinion, there is to be seen no interi up-
tioii of that personal courtesy and friendly inter-
course which men of high and honorable feeling
may entertain for each other; and the knowledge of
this feeling would forbid any other course by the
presiding officer than that of the strictest impartiality
in his administration of the duties of the chair. In
the desire to have pursued such course, a conscious-
ness has been felt that honor, and duty, and justice
have required it at my hands. It is true that the
duties are frequently arduous, and at all times of a
responsible and delicate character; and although en-
tirely unconscious of having, at any time, done any
act calculated to affect the rights or the feelings of
any individual of the body, still the frailty of human
nature is such as to dictate the propriety of thiow-
in<* myself on the indulgence^ of the Senate, rather
than lav claim to an exemption from such frailty.
However this may be, I cannot disguise the satis-
faction I feel in appealing to that silent monitor
within, which bears witness to a determined pur-
pose to do exact justice to all, as far as practicable;
and, while yielding to every individual a full meas-
ure of latitude and freedom of action, to maintain
what must be considered, in every well-regulated le-
gislative assembly, the indispensable powers and
prerogatives of the Chair, granted, in fact, by the
body itself, for the preservation of its own honor
and dignity.
Senators, permit me to reiterate the feelings of
gratitude I entertain for the unanimous expression
of your approval of my course, enhanced in value
as it is by having been thrice repeated; and towards
each member, permit me to avail myself of the occa-
sion to say that I entertain no other feelings than
those of respect and kindness, and beg leave to ex-
press my most earnest wish for the continued health
and happiness of every one of you; and that on the
return of each member to his home, he will have
the pleasure to find all there in the enjoyment of
health and happiness, and that it may long con-
tinue.
In the performance of my official duty, I am now
to pronounce the word of separation for this session,
by adjourning the Senate sine die.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 17,1844.
The House met at 10 o'clock.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved that the reading
of the journal be dispensed with: agreed to.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Dickens, their Secretary, stating that the Senate had
adopted a resolution suspending the 17th joint rule,
which prohibits the sending of any bill to the Presi-
dent for his signature on the last day of the session,
and asking the concurrence of the House.
Mr. McKAY moved to take up that message, and
to amend the resolution by adding a provision that
the rule shall be suspended, so far only as relates to
bills that passed on Saturday last. Mr. McKAY
then moved the previous question.
Mr. CAUSIN inquired of the Speaker whether a
suspension of this rule would require a majority of
two-thirds'
The SPEAKER said it would require a majority
only.
Mr, BARNARD inquired if the resolution was
the first business in order.
The SPEAKER replied that the regular business
was the calling on the States for resolutions, but
presuming that that business was not desirable at
this period of the session, he did not announce it.
If that business was dispensed with, the resolution
would be the first business in order.
Mr. BARNARD said the point he wished to in-
quire was, whether a similar resolution would be in
order m relation to any other bill, without a vote
of two-thirds.
The SPEAKER said, in his opinion, it would
require a vote of two-thirds to pass such a resolu-
tion.
The previous question was then seconded, and,
under its operation, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr CHAPMAN asked leave to make a report
from the Committee of Elections, concluding with a
resolution to pay William A. Goggin his per diem
and mileage while contesting the election of the
Hon. Thomas W. Gilmer.
Objections being made,
Mr. CHAPMAN moved to suspend the rules;
and the yeas and nays being ordered—
Mr. CHAPMAN withdrew his motion.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House sev-
eral executive communications; which were laid on'
the table.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, and by general con-
sent, the House agreed to proceed with the private
bills on the Speaker's table.
The amendments of the Senate to the bill to amend
the act granting having half-pay to the widows of
certain revolutionary soldiers were taken up and
considered.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to lay the bill on th
table; rejected.
Mr. McKAY moved to amend the bill by striking
out four years and inserting one year, [for the dura-
tion of the pensions.]
This amendment was rejected; when
Mr. WINTHROP called for the previous ques-
tion; which being seconded by the House, under the
operation of that question the amendments of the
Senate were agreed to.
The SPEAKER said the next business in order
was the District bank bill.
Mr, WHITE moved to suspend tlje rules to taks
