Feb. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Evans.
Senate.
investigated the subject, or he would have discovered
that-his qpiQtons have no foundation iD fact, Some years
ago, in the other House, I was under the necessity of
meeting this same assertion; and I then did examine
the'fnatter witn some care, especially in rcfcrence to
one very considerable- item of expenditure—fortifications;
and. -I assure senators' the facts were very different from
What is-supposed. No such inequality- exists.-; A- full
proportion ot disbursements is made at the South, and for
the'benefit and protection of that section. No injus-
tice, to* heea done. I deny it altogether. I call for the
proofs. I demand the specifications. -Assertions of this
sort have been so frequently made, in one-or, the other
Hotise of Congress, that many persons are led'to believe
them well founded, and to attribute the' prosperity of the
North to government expenditure. DUring a considerable
portion of the time since the protective policy has been in
operation, the whole expenditures, of the government .were
but thirteen or fourteen millions, annually. Does the setia«
toi suppose"that thirteen or fourteen millions, even if every
dollar of it^iad been lavished there, was the occasion of the
prosperity of the North? If the whole amount were actual-
ly giveh to the North, without any return for it, the effect
upon the general business of the country would be very in-
significant. But the North pays for all it receives. It ren-
ders value for value. Twelve or fourteen millions of dol-
lars, or even twenty millions, is a very inconsiderable trac-
tion of the vast business of the northern and middle States—
of the ,commerce, navigation, fisheries, agriculture, manu-
iactuxes/mtafag, of over seven millions of people, produc-
ing, annually, six hundred millions of dollars value. The
city ;bf. New York; by a single conflagration, a few years
ago, lost thirty millions of dollars in a single night; a great
disaster, undoubtedly, "i et the space over which the de-
stroyer passed was small, and hardly visible in that extend
ed emporium. It was soon rebuilt, and in a short time all
traces of the loss had disappeared M'uch individual. suffer-
ingj much want, was undoubtedly experienced, but, as an
objefet of importance to the nation, or even to the State or
city of New York, it was of very, little moment" ft bore a
ve'ry insignificant relation to the great mass of business,
wealth, and expenditure, of that great cit). Sir, if every
dollar of public expenditure should be withdrawn from the
North, no visible effect upon the business or prosperity of
that region would be experienced. A few contractors and
agents would lose opportunities of acquiring considerable
profits; afew laborers would be required to seek other em-
ployment; but the great mass ot the people would be whol-
ly unaffected by it.
Mr. President,' Iladve but little more to say in reply to the
senatorfrom SoutirCarolina, and that relates to the view
which he has presented, in the way of illustration, of the
effects of a peaceable separation of our Union into distinct
confederacies, Upon the welfare and prosperity of each.
[Mr. MoRfcriEAD here requested Mr. *xs to postpone his
observations on this head, until to-morrow; and on his mo-
tion, the Senate adjourned. On- the following day Mr.
Eaans continued"his remarks, as follows:]
I assure you, Mr. President, that it was with very great re-
luctance 1 consented, yesterday, at the request of several
friends near me, to postpone, until this morning, the few re-
maining observations which I have to make, in reply to the
senator from South Carolina. I am fully sensible that I have
occupied,1 already, far too much of the time and attention of
the Senate, in' the discussion which has been forced upon
me, and I have only to express the sincere hope and trust
that, in the-further prosecution, of it, nothing may' occur to
render it necessary for me again to tax the patience of sena-
tors upon'these topics. "The concluding portions of the
senator's speech, touching the separation of this Union into
various confederacies, is what I propose now to consider.
In order to bring his views to a "practical test,'.'as he
says, and to demonstrate the injustice and inequality of the
protective sj stem, the honorable senator has drawn very
largely upon his imagination. He indulges liberally in the
exercise of this creative faculty of the mind—a faculty, how-
ever brilliant, however desirable, which has never been re-
garded in any school of philosophy that 1 am aware of, as a
very severe "practical test." The regions of fancy, though
ever so thoroughly explored, are not productive of those
plain," obstinate, convincing things, called facts,-to whose
tribunal all theories, and all speculations, must submit them-
selves, and by whose decision they must stand .or fall.
The senator from South Carolina, foi the purpose of ap-
plying this practical test to his theories, indulges in the sup-
position of a peaceable separation of our Union into three
distinct confederacies—a supposition by the way, which I
think always exceedingly to be regretted when made, even
though it be merely for purposes of illustration. Elsewhere
it may be taken as matter of serious recommendation and
advice. Men ot more zeal than the senator, (if such can be
found any where,) and of less discretion, (and suchundoubt-
edly maybe found everywhere,) led captive by the gorgeous
delineations of'happiness and wealth to be rejalized by such
an ill-starred event as that which the senator has supposed,
may he hurried'on.,to the .accomplishment of what seems to
them so full of promise and of hope. But, sir, it is nof for
me to complain of the mode of illustration which senators
deem suitable to employ. I shall content myself with at-
tempting to show that, in the present case, it is altogether
fallacious and delusive. - - , ( ,
The senator. I am aware, is not the first who has ventured
to look beyond a dissolution of this Union, and to portray
the prospects which spread out to his view in that far-oft
region. Others, in different sections, impelled by a sense of
wrongs, real or imaginary, have at times speculated upon
the consequences of such an event; but, so far as I know,
none of them have discovered anything but danger, disaster,
and wo, to the^nstitutions, the liberty, the prosperity, not
only of the whole-country, but of every section of it 1'hose
•who have favored it, in times of high excitement, have look-
ed upon it, not-as a positive good—a desirable thing to any
section, but only as tolerable—a thing to be endured, to es-
cape what seemed greater evil. But the senator, in the fer-
vor of his imagination, while he admits that to one section
©fthecountxy it would prove a blighting cursc, terrible as
burning la\ a, yet find?, in it, for the other sections, unnum-
bered blessings—the source of wealth, and power, end hap-
piness, unknown tp any nation before. I look upon it, far-
very far otherwise. I regard it as the opening of a copious
fountain of bitterness and evil, forever, and to everybody.
To illustrate his views, the honorable senator has sup-
posed our existing blessed Union to be now peaceably dis-
solved, and that, instead of it, three -separate confederacies
should be formed—one.compesed of the middle and eastern
States, who&e skill and labor would be employed in manu-
factures; one formed of the western and northwestern States
devoted to agriculture; and the third, of the South and South-
western, employed exclusively in planting—in-raising cot-
ton, rice, and tobacco. The "practical test?' to which the
senator brings his views, consists in describingwhat he sup-
poses would be the condition of these confederacies, after the
experience of a few years, under the operation of the policy
which he also supposes they would severally adopt. The
northern confederacy he condemns to utter destruction and
ruin—as inevitable as if ten thousand-craters were pouring
their molten wrath upon its devoted head. I have no desire
to utter a syllable to prove that a disruption of our present
Union would not be highly disastrous to that section of the
country; though I do not admit—far, far from it—that the
portraiture which the senator has sketched would be likely
to find the slightest verification in the actual condition of
things. But let that pass.
Tiie senator foresees not only the desolations of that sec-
tion, but he warms, and brightens in Beholding the glorious
vision of boundless felicity which awaits the southern con-
federacy. He seems to forget that all this is m prospect—
yet to be realized. He speaks of "the historical fidelity"
which he has observed in drawing the picture." Now, sir,
considering that history relates only to the past, I must
think that the senator, in his ardent zeal, has somewhat
overleaped "the bounds of time," if not of space. He has
"stated nothing speculative, but results only which must
take place." "Must take place"' Really, sir, if all this be
not speculation, it seems to me exceedingly like it. He has
described, in very glowing language, the happiness, jvros-
peiity, and wealth, which the iouthern contederacy, ol' ho-
mogeneous incrrosts, mmt experience, if permitted to pur-
sue its own policy, under it« own separate government.
The long-dreamed-of Fortunate Islands are discovered at
lust. 1 he favored regions ol the South, smiling in eternal
spring, '
"Like those Hesperian gardens, famed of old,
Foitunate fields and gioves, and Uoweiy meads,
Thrice happy isles,"
are to be forever the abode of peace and happiness on earth.
No obstacle lies in the way of the bright and glorious career
which,opens "before them. The convulsions which shake
other nations lil.e an earthquake shall never visit them.
"Grim-visaged War" will "smooth his wrinkled front/' and
Peace—eternal Peace— hold her benignant reign, while hu-
man governments exist on earth.
"Jam—redeunt Saturnia regna."
It is not a very agreeable office, I am aware, to disturb
such happy visions, and to bring back these soaring
thoughts to the dull realities of earth. But where does the
honorable senator find any warrant-in human history for the
confident anticipations in which lie has indulged? In the
example of other nations broken up and dismembered'* In
the annals of small states or confederacies ' In the history
of any nation that e\er lived upon earth, with but one sin-
gle interest, one pursuit, one objeet'of national importance'
No, sir; in none of these does he find any warrant for his
expectations. But let us examine this matter a little more
closely. The southern confederacy is to revel in unbound-
ed wealth. Its commerce is to be forever unmolested—al-
ways prosperous; no storms shall scatter it; the policy of
other nations shall never reach it; but it shall glide safely,
as ' 'on the smooth surface of a summer sea." 1 he South is
to produce for export at least one hundred millions of cot-
ton, rice, and tobacco, and to receive m return one hundred
and twenty millions of foreign manufactures—the twenty
millions being the profit on the export. This large amount
it is to have the exclusive privilege of consuming itself, or
of exchanging with the western confederacy for such arti-
cles of production as it cannot raise at home.
It must still retain some connections, some trade with its
neighbors, on this side the ocean. If the southern confed-
eracy cannot get on for a moment without some intercourse
with the West, why not unite the two into one? What need
of a western confederacy? But that would at once destroy
the homogeneousness of the southern interest, and the same
questions would be likely to grow up, as now exist be-
tween the South and the North The southern confederacy
is to havelbut one interest—that of planting. Its productions
are all to oe exported, and by this operation twenty millions
of profits arc to bo realized. By-whom* The South > Not
at all. The profits, be they large or small, go to the navi-
gating interest, to the shippers, and ship owners, to the ex-
porting merchants. And who u ill conduct this business'*
Not the planters, for all their capital and means ?re to be
employed m growing the articles. The South is not to be-
come also a commercial or navigating State, for that also
would destroy the identity and singleness of interest which
is to prevail there. The export must therefore inevitably
be made in British ships, by British merchants?, and agents
of foreign manufacturers; and all the profits of such opera-
tions must go, not to the South, but abroad. Besides,
it must be carried on by foreign hands, for another
reason; and that is, the policy of enriching foreign
labor, by giving it all the employment possible, in order
to enable it to consume more largely of our produc-
tions. But passing by this, and assuming that the South
is to have one hundred and twenty millions of foreign im-
ports, who is to consume them What is the South to do
with them? She will have a population of about six mil-
lions. The United States have now a population of twenty
millions, and we find one hundred million'? of imports am-
ple4for our whole consumption. Is it probable—nay, is it
possible—that the population of six millions, in the south-
ern confederacy, will consume as much of foreign produc-
tions, of luxuries, as the whole Union does now' A large
portion of foreign manufactures are of costly fabrics, not
suited for, or wanted by, a considerablepart of the southern
population. Undoubtedly the wealthy portion ot southern
population consumes as liberally, or more so. of luxuries
and expensive commodities, as those of any other section,
' but then a very large class ofpersoos there coijsuniefar
less than the laboring people ofthe North and "West. How
much, for instance, of silks, -linens, fine woollens, glass, cut-
lery, carpeting, Sac., which go to majce upthe bulk "bf
our imports, are consumed by the two and a half millions of
southern population who are to be the latjore-rs in tke pro-
duction ot the one hundred millions of exports? How much
of tea and coffee, of wines -and sugar, and the thousand oth-
er things which our tables of imports exhibit?.' Making all
due allowances for the character of a portion of the popula-
tion, does any body deem it possible that the South could
consume this enormous amount of foreign productions? Noj
she must trade with some other nation, and obtain some
other articles of greater necessity, for the South cannot
subsist on. manufactured products f lone. She will not trade
with the North, forthat is wholly interdicted in the thcory
of the senator; but she will trade with tbe West. She
will sell to the West. But what will she buy in exchange?
What splendid inducements are held out to the West to en-
ter into this commercial league? The senator says, that the
West will thus be enabled to buy all she w ants at low rates,
and to sell all her productions at high prices. Let us see if
this be so. What will the South take of the Wesi? I believe
the only thing indicated by the senator, as an article of
much importance, was live animals, which ar<* now chiefly
obtained f.-om that section. Of most other articles of agri-
cultural production, necessary to the subsistence of south-
ern j'Aborers, a sufficient supply is raised athon.e—and fjom
some of them considerable quantities are exported to the
North. But that export is then to cease. The West, then,
the boundless West, its spreading and fertile prairies, its
millions upon millions of free, industrious people, are to
have the mighty privilege of supplying the South with all
the live stock it n.ay require; and, in return, is to be wholly-
dependent upon southern impoits of foreign manufactures
for every commodity ofthat description which itm&y need.
Of the otherproducts of the fertile West, the South is to
take nothing. It will not require the cotton bagging and
bale rope ot Kentucky and Missouri; for they arc .manufac-
tures, and, if made at home, necessarily diminish the de-
mand for the foreign import received in return for southern
export, and of course diminishes the ability of Dundee and
Glasgow to consume the cotton of the South. The hemp
and wcol of the West—for wool is yet to be a gr^at staple
there—cannot be hi;en, for the same reason, and lor the ad-
ditional one that the South will have no occasion for
them. But the senator said, inadvertently, I must think,
that the West would export, through the free ports
of the South, all its surplus production. Why, sir,
that breaks up the -whole arrangement at once. If the
West export anything, she will import also; and she will
then cease to be a purchaser of the South. She will import
for herself, and who then is to consume the one hundred
and twenty millions of southern imports? If the products
ofthe West are hereafter to form considerable portions of
American exports, as 1 hope they may, I see no reason why
they may not be made through northern port*, in American
ships, under one government, as well as in a separate con-
federacy. But the whole theory of the senator rests upon
the ground that they are not to become exporters at all.
The whole scope and pol.cy.aim, end, and object of his
measures, are to induce larger imports of foreign fabrics,
with a view to create larger demands for southern produc-
tions, not western. If-this enlarged import should occasion
a demand for western product instead of southern, then the
peculiar oppression and grievance of the South would be
just as great as it is now. Nor can the West be allowed to
become a manufacturing region eicher. It it manutacture
for itself, it will not require the foreign fabrics which the
South proposes to furnish. The countless millions who are
hereafter to inhabit these vast region*, spreading out to-
ward the setting sun, are neither to produce ior exporta-
tion, nor to manufacture for themselves, but are to find in
the markets of the South, of six or eight millions of con-
sumers, full demand for all their surplus productions—pro-
ductions, not one of which, be it remembered, must come
in competition with the labor of foreign nations This is
the mighty boon held out to the West, in the new arrange-
ment, which the senator has supposed. The West, I doubt
not, is destined to become a great manufacturing region. It
is so already to no ineonsideiable extent, and its true
interests lie in that direction. It is becoming a great pro-
ducer of wool; and the next step must be the manufacture
of it; and this almost of necessity. There are no markets
for it abroad; and it must seek and have a home market. All
nations are becoming growers of wool; and even remote
Australia is beginning to furnish it to Europe and America.
In such a state of things, the wool of America must be man-
ufactured in Amenca, just as the'iron of our hills mu#be
manufactured here, or lie forever buried in the earth. So
the wool ofthe West and the iron of the West must, at no
distant day, be manufactured in the West. But the sena-
tor's paitiuon does not look to that at all. It looks to keep
the West always dependent for manufactured articles on the
labor of others, not of itself, with no other means of payment
but the raising of animal provisions alive or cured for a
population far inferior to its own. it is to be borne in mind
that the North is to be no longer a consumer of western
production; for that al?o would disturb the symmetrj ofthe
senator's portraiture. The North is to be too impoverished
to deal with anybody. It will have nothing to sell; and of
course can buy nothing anywhere, so far as trade and com-
merce are concerned, and may be considered wholly oblit-
erated from the map of American confederacies.
But, sir. is there no danger of collision irf the southern
confederacy itself? no jarring of different branches of the
homogeneous interest? The sole staples of export are to
be cotton, tobacco, and rice; and these arc to furnish ail the
manufactured articles required for the v. hole confederacy.
Virginia raises no cotton, I think, 'or to a "very inconsidera-
ble amount, riot worth mentioning. Its only production for
export is tobacco, of which grows about three millions
ana a half,of dollars in value. It has a population oi about
a million ?md a quarter.
South Carolina, w ith about half the population of Vir-
ginia, produces nearly double the value of exportable com-
modities. Compared with Alabama, the disparity is greater
still; and with Mississippi, still greater. Alabama, with a
population less than .six hundred thousand, produces over
eight millions of exports; and Mississippi, with three hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand, over fifteen millions. Nowj
