May, 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71$
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Severance.
H. of Reps.
tend to render alien to each other those who ought to be
bound together by fraternal affection."
- Sir, there is much more of this immortal legacy, whose
value no money can measure, which I should be happy to
read: but I am aware that I am repeating what is familiar to
us all, and I forbear.
Mr^President, the honorable senator, in his estimate Of the
advantages to be gained by the South from a separate con-
federacy, makes no account whatever of national strength
and national renown. He forgets that ordeal of tire
through which we passed in the establishment of our inde-
pendence, and through which we could never have gone if
we had not been united. The glorious past' he leaves out of'
view altogether, while his ardent imagination revels in the
brighter visions of the future. Let the separation of which
he speaks take place, and that day, on whose annual return
ten thousand times ten thousand American hearts beat
higher and quicker—that day which first beheld us an inde-
pendent nation—is to be blotted from the calendar. For the
South, at least, it can bring no joyous recollections, no pa-
triotic, heart-stirring emotions. The achievements of our
ancestors are to be all forgotten. Camden and King's Moun-
tain may indeed rerrfain'witbin the limits of the new confed-
eracy; but none of the renown and the gl^ory which attach
to^them will belong to it. All of gallantry and prowess and
noble bearing which were th§n displayed, all of high re-
nown, ever-during fame, honor, glory, there acquired, be-
longed, and ever will belong, in all history, to United,
United, United America. It can never be divided; God grant
it may never be obliterated and forgotten.- No account is
to be taken of the glorious spectacle which we have pre-
sented to the world, m the solution of the great problem of
the capacity of mankind for self-government—no account of
the great advance which has taken place in government,
and the progress of tree institutions, all over the world, from
our example. The various events of our unparalleled revo-
lution, the renown achieved in that momentous struggle—
the -veneration for the great and good, the patriots
whose fiitmeis our country's inheritance, the sacred be*
quest of liberty, unity, strength, purchased with so much
blood and so much treasure, are all, all to be abandoned, all
sacrificed* if, in the providence of God, so deplorable an
event should occur, as that which the senator, lor lite pur-
poses of illustration, has supposed. But no, sir; none of
these things will happen. I hat e no belief that the honora-
ble senator himself contemplates or desires such a calamity.
I have no belief that his honored State entertains the slight-
est wish, the faintest hope, for a separation of our Union. I
am sure 1 should do him and it great injustice to attribute
such a purpose to e;ther. No mim is reckless enough to
covet tl\e fame,'the eternity of infamy, which must await
him who shall bring upon this happy land the desolation
and war which such an event must produce. The adventu-
rous youth who undertook but for a single day to guide the
chariot of the sun, paid for his temerity with the forfeit of
his life. Happy will it be for him who, impelled by a mad
ambition, shall kindle up our system in universal conflagra-
tion, to "escape with so light a .penalty. He will live—live
in the reproaches and execrations of mankind in all time.
He will live in history—not on the page where are inscribed
the names of the benefactors of our race; not with the good,
the wisey the great, but with the enemies of the liberties
and happiness of mankind, with the oppressors of their
race, with the scourges whom God has permitted to
desolate nations, and to quench human happiness in tears
and blood. w t
Sir, we are one. "W^e cannot be divided, we have a com-
mon country, a common .history, common distinction, re-
nown, pro-eminence. They all belong to one, and one only.
We-have common and mutual interests which bind us to-
gether, and which cannot be severed. Bands stronger than
Iron or steel hold us in indissoluble connection.
"One sacred oath has tied
Our loves; one destiny our life shall guide,
Nor wild, nor deep, our common way divide/'
SPEECH OF MR. SEVERANCE,
OF MAINE,
In the House of' Representatives, May 3, 1844—The bill
reported by Mr. McKay, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, being under consideration in Committee of
the Whole,
Mr. SEVERANCE, having obtained the floor, said:
Mr. Chairman: The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Chap-
pel,] who has just addressed the House, while he opposes
the tariff* act -of 1842, as impolitic and oppressive, also re-
gards it as peculiarly objectionable, inasmuch a? it is in
violation of the compromise act of 1S33. Sir, that act was
adopted as a choice of evils. It was designed to put off the
evil day. It was an alternative to avoid the passage of the
bill of Mr. Verflasck, which was to bring all duties down
toaverage of about Jo per'cent, immediately, a bill
which received the support of the Jackson administration,
then in the full career of power. The compromise bill
saved the interests of the country for the time; and had
those who held the reins of power seven years afterwards,
been attentive to the public interest, and raised the duties
wh"en they found the revenues declining and falling short of
the Expenditures some $8,000,000 annually, and the indus-
trial interests of the country beginning to sutler for want of
due protection and an accumulation of foreign debt, great
mischief might have been averted. The work of renova-
tion was however left for a whig administration, and we
have it in the tariff of 184-2. Sir, I acknowledge no binding
fwrcte in a^nycompromise made eleven years ago. I am no
party to-any such compromise, nor are my constituents
norany representative of theirs in any time past; nor shall
1 ever consent to any compromise of what I conceive^ to be
their true interests; and least of all, any compromise by
which a just protection to the productive labor of the coun-
try may be sacrificed.
It must be remembered that the compromise act 011833 was
violated almost as soon as agreed to. The distribution oi the
proceeds of the public lands was a part of that compromise,
and this being lost by the veto, no binding force could re-
main to any part oi that compromise act any longer than tlie
public interest required its continuance. The act itselt pro-
vided that all the revenue required should be levied upon
imposts, and did not require-that the free list should be sub-
jected to'duties; and the duties were to be paid in cash with-
out any credit, and at a home valuation. Had the principle
been carried out, and the land proceeds distributed, an in-
crease of duties would haye been inevitable before 1840, un-
der the principles of the compromise act itself; the policy of
protection would have been effectually enforced, and a na-
tional debt avoided. As an alternative, the compromise act
of 1833 was infinitely preferable to the bill of Messrs, Ver-
planck and Polk, and others of the Committee of Ways and
^vfeans, which left no, duty above 20 per cent., and reduced
most articles to 15 or under.
Sir, the gentleman from Georgia repeats what many oth-
ers have said before him—that the act of 1842 imposes a
heavy tax on the people ofUhe country for the benefit of
rich capitalists, I conceive this to be a great mistake. The
act imposes nO duty on foreign capital. The products of
European capital and labor are subjected to duties; but the
capital alone can come without paying any duty. Gold and
silver pay no duty; bills of exchange pay no duty; money
pays no duty. Foreign capital can come into the country
without paying duty, and be invested in manufactures, or
anything else; but -the products of foreign labor cannot
come without paying. It is labor, then, that is protected,
and not capital. The foreign capitalist, when he" comes
here, can no longer employ half-starved men at European
prices. He must pay more liberal wages. He can no longer
employ men who live on the taxed bread and taxed meat of
England or France, He must employ men who feed, and
generously, too, upon the teeming products ot American
soil—upon those products which find little market in Eu-
rope, and most of which could not be carried there, if the
demand was ever so great. The object of protection is to
encourage and reward American labor—not in any one par-
ticular department, but in all—in commerce, in agriculture,
and in manufactures; and the duties are laid, not to favor
the persons engaged in any particular business, but to pro-
mote the general good. Duties are not laid to favor large
establishments more than small ones. The mnn who makes
shoes in his little shop alone, a.id the man who takes stock
in a woollen factory which employs a hundred hands, arc
protected alike. The) are left to employ their labor an'd
their money each in his own way, by uniting or acting sep-
arately. The agricultural interest is regarded a« para-
mount; and duties, in &orne cases high, are laid on agricul-
tural products imported. As to the most of these, however,
it is of little consequence whether they are high or low.
They amount to nothing practically; because, excepting
tropical productions and wool, we should import but little,
if there were no ctuties. The duties must, therefore, be laid
upon the articles we do import, and can produce in the
country. Foreign breadstuflo, meal, &c , do not come into
the country in that shape; but they come in the. shape of
goods made up by foreign workmen, feeding on foreign
agricultural products; which products go to make up alarge
part of the cost of the article, it makes a vast difference to
our farmers whether one-fourth of our people are dependent
upon mechanical pursuits for a living, and consumers of the
agricultural products of the other three-fourths, or whether
the fourth part shall be driven out of employment by the im-
portation of foreign manufactures, and he compelled tore-
sort to agriculture, of which there is already a surplus, im-
posing duties on foreign agricultural products would avail
nothing to the farmer The only way he can reach the evil
is. to strike where his hand dftn be felt; and that is at the for-
eign manufacture. He is not allowed to feed the foreign ar-
tisan, but ho has the exclusive supply of the American me-
chanic and manufacturer; and the more these are increased-
in numbers at home, the fewer competitors he has in farm-
ing, and the more consumers of his produce. The protect-
ing policy, therefore, is designed first for the benefit of the
farmers, by giving them at home, at their own doors, a mar-
ket which they cannot find abroad. It is designed to induce
a proper distribution of employments; to mingle farmers,
mechanics, manufacturers, and laborers throughout the
American community, leaving nothing to be wasted be-
cause of its distance from a purchaser, and making it easy
for men to go into any new employment which promises
more than ordinary profits, and to gradually retire from that
which is brought below the ordinary level by too much
competition. This law of supply and demand might
be left to regulate itself between nations and through-
out the world, if all nations were in like circumstances,
and all governments would agree to it: but not a single for-
eign government offevs free trade, and if either of the prin-
cipal monarchies of Europe should make the offer, I, for one,
should be unwilling to accept it, for the obvious reason that
it would reduce the wages of labor in this free republican
country nearly to the level of the wages of labor in Europe.
In the old world, as we call it, the working clasics are yet
hardly emerged from a state of vassalage. In Russia they
are still slaves, not paid at all for their labor, and m most of
the northern nations of Europe they are compelled to toil,
in all the various pursuits of labor, for the smallest pittance
which will furnish them a miserable shelter, scanty and
coarse clothing, and a meagre diet, without the comforts
of life and the means of intelligence, which should be with-
in the reach of every citizen of a free country. Shall we
then interpose no obstacle to the free importation of the
products ef the serfs of Russia—the peasants of Germany
and France, and the miserably paid artisans of all Europe,
o-roaning as they are under a somewhat modified form of
fhe old feudal system, and the grinding oppression of enor-
mous debts contracted in wars of ambition and conquest,
and the continued suppoit of immense armies and navies in
time of peace? If the manufactures of wool, cotton, iron,
leather, silk, linen, hemp, &c , made by these foreign arti-
sans, are to be imported at their prices, it follows that our
people engaged in the same labors must be thrown out of
employment, or work at the same prices, and the reduction
will not be confined to them, but must go round the whole
circle of labor in every other employment in this country;
because, being driven from mechanical employments to ag-
riculture, the tillers of the soil here will glut the market,
or rather destroy it, and bring the farmers'profits also
down to the same European level. Is this desirable? Is it
good policy for us as a people9 I think not. I go for pro-
tection to labor in general, and I would lay the duties
where they will be effectual for that object, As a mechan-
ic and working roan myself, and the representative of such,
I insist on positive protection, revenue or no revenue.
The gentleman from Georgia, while he denies either
the right or the expediency of protection, has made some
allusion to Texas, and intimated a willingness to bring that
revolted Mexican province into our Union, li is a«fafct
worthy of notice, that while some of the advocates of that
measure are quite eloquent and ingenious in appealing to
northern interests by representing that, il Texas were ad-
mitted into the Union, northern manufacturers would have
the supply of her market, others of them are calling"u^on
the South to bring in Texas as a means of so strengthening
the "democracy" as to enable iier to defeat the protect-
ing policy. Sir, while I am opposed to the annexation
as unconstitutional, inexpedient, and dangerous- to the
existence of our present Union, and while I regard
as an idle and unfounded -pretence, the allegation
that Texas may become an English colony if not ad-
mitted into our Union, I hold that we shall do a very small
favor to the Texians by admitting them into our Union.it
we are virtually to place the whole Union in commercial
dependence upon England, denying all protection to our
own industry. We had better establish our own independ-
ence on a permanent footing before we talk of extending
the shield oi our protection over the plains of New Mexico.
Gentlemen speak of the tariff of 1842, as if its benefits all
inured to a few rich corporations, a few wealthy'manufac-
turers of the North, and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Wlller] 1 believe estimated the numberat 17,000, which he
represented as enriching themselves at the expense of the
17,000,000 of the people of the Union. Now sir, a little at-
tention to the statistics of the country would have shown
this to be a very great error. By the returns of the census
of 1840 there are 3,717,756 persons employed in agriculture,
117,57-5 employed in commerce, 791,545 in trades and man-
ufactures, and 65,936 m the learned professions. This-makei
an aggregate of, 4 682,112. But the entire population is 17,-
062,666. To get the number of persons subsisting by man-
ufactures and trades wc must therefore multiply 791,545 by
three and six-tenths nearly, to get the families and the per-
sons dependent upon them who are not included in the num-
ber of persons employed. Nor would this conclude all, for
there are many persons employed in mining, quarrying,
getting out timber, carting and otherwise transporting ma-
terials for building and materials to be manufactured, as
well as the article after it is manufactured, all whose busi-
ness is attached to and dependent on some kind of manufac-
ture or mechanical employment, which would "swell the
number dependent upon mechanical industry to more than
"four millions ol people, all of whom arc consumers of the
agricultural products of the country.
In England the number of persons employed in agricul-
ture is not so large as that employed in manufactures and
mines. Ey the parliamentary returns of 1831, the latest I
have at hand, the number of adult males employed regularly
in agricultural labors, was 1,05a,P82; the adult males em-
ployed in the various arts and trades was 1.564,184. If we
add the numbers employed in mining, in commerce, &c., it
will leave agricultural laborers far in the minority. The
State of Massachusetts has 737,799 inhabitants. Of the^e
87,837 are returned bv the census as employed in agricul-
ture, 8,063 in commerce, 85,176 in trades and manufactures,
27,153 seamen, and .3,804 in the learned professions. Thus it
appears that a large majority in that State, are hot employed
in agriculture. And yet, perhaps, no other State in the
Union is so well cultivated. Jn a proper distribution of em-
ployments throughout the country, not more than two-thirds,
certainly, should be engaged in agriculture. This would
leave nearly 6,000 000 of people to be purchasers and con-
sumers of the products of the farmer. Now suppose that
each of these_6,000,000 of persons requires only nine pence
worth of agricultural products per day; this will make a
home market tor the American farmer to the amount of
$273,720,000 annually: arid this is only in feeding our peo-
ple employed in mechanical pursuits. But besides this, the
market for wool, cotton, hemp, skins, and other materials
for clothing, and timber for buildings, and iuel for domestic
use and comfort, the amount will rise to nearly four hun-
dred millions of dollars annually. Take, for instance, the
single article of wool, and here I avail myself of the calcu-
lations of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Wetijered,]
who spoke the other day, and who is himself a manufactur-
er of wool, and'knows what he says:
There is estimated to be in the United States
25,000,000 sheep at $2 each, $50,000,000
It requires about one acre of land to support
3 sheep, say 8,500,000 acres of land, at $10
per acre, 85,500,000
Amount invested for manufacturing woollens
in lands, water and steam power, buildings,
machinery and cash capital, . « 60.000,000
Whole amount employed in the growth and
manufacture of wool, $195.500,000
This is considered a low estimate.
25,000.000 of sheep will produce 62,500,000 lbs.
wool at 32 cents. . 20,000,000
The manufacture of which will require the
consumption of other agricultural products,
such as flour, meal, beef, bacon, vegeta-
bles. woad, teazles, lard, oil, lumber. He See.,
of at least 10,000,000
\nnual consumption, $30,000,000
Value of woollen goods made from the above, ^ $40,000.000
which clearly proves that 75 per. cent, of the cost of the
woollen manufacture passes into the hands of the fanner.
This branch of the business requires the additional employ-
ment of at least $1,000,000 of capital for machine making,
&c. I have (says Mr. Wkthfrkd) carried this branch of
manufacture more into detail for the reason that I am more
familiar with it; the same remarks will, however, apply to
many other branches of the manufacturing and mechanic
arts, to cotton, iron, silk, flax, tobacco, leather, Stc., in fact
the principles here set forth will be founu to have a nearly
universal application " *
