Jtmc, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
721
Jlnnexation of Texas—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
objections which have been urged against its annex-
ation.
And, in the first place, Texas ought to be annex-
ed to the Union because the possession of this terri-
tory is necessary to our defence, peace, and securi-
ty. The treaty of 1819, with Spain, abandoned our
natural limits. It yielded up the boundary of a
great river—the Del Norte—of a desert, and of a
chain of mountains, for a mere arbitrary line. Who-
ever casts his eyes upon the map will be convinced
of this truth, fins treaty gave a foreign nation ter-
ritory upon the banks of two of our noblest rivers—
the Arkansas and the Red River—both tributaries
of the Mississippi; and thus laid the foundation of
perpetual disputes concerning their navigation.—
These disputes have already commenced between us
and Texas. Such river questions have ever been a
source of perpetual contest between conterminous
nations. The republic of Texas now approaches
the immediate vicinity of New Orleans, and thus
our weakest frontier is exposed. All will admit
that General Jackson is a high authority on milita-
ry questions. In his letter to Mr. Brown of the
12th February, 1843, he renders it clear, that, should
Texas form an alliance with Great Britain, in case
of war, our weak southwestern frontier would be
left open, and exposed to the invasion of this pow-
erful and hostile nation; and that the means would
thus be placed under its control of exciting a ser-
vile insurrection within our borders. On the other
hand, if Texas were annexed to the United States,
"our western boundary (says the General) would
be the Rio del Norte, which is of itself a fortifica-
tion, on account of its extensive, barren, and unin-
liabitaole plains. With such a barrier oil our West,
we are invincible. The whole European world
could not. in combination against us, make an im-
pression on our Union." But I shall not enlarge
further upon this point.
In the secund place, Texas ought to be annexed
to the United States, because this would greatly in-
crease our internal commerce, extend the market for
our domestic manufactures, and bind the Union to-
gether by still stronger bonds; but, on the other
hand, should you reject Texas, she will necessari-
ly form a commercial alliance with our great rival,
England, who would thus secure to herself the finest
cotton-growing region of the earth, at our expense,
and to the lasting injury and prejudice of all our
great interests.
It has been estimated that our internal commerce,
or home trade, is already fifteen times as great as
our commerce with foreign nations. The acquisi-
tion of Texas would, jp a very few years, vastly in-
crease this domestic trade. The manufactures of
the North would here find an ever-growing market;
whilst our commercial marine and our steam vessels
would obtain profitable employment in transporting
the cotton, the sugar, and other agricultural produc-
tions of Texas, not only throughout the Union, but
over the world. Ours will be a glorious system of
free trade, and the only one which the jealousy and
the interest of foreign nations will ever permit us to
enjoy. Should Texas be annexed, and our Union
preserved, there are human beings now in existence
who will live to see one hundred millions of freemen
within its limits, enjoying all the benefits of free
trade and unrestricted commerce with each other.
Henry the Great, of France, more than two hundred
years ago, conceived the magnificent idea—it was
called his grand design—of dividing Europe into
fifteen confederated states, for the purpose of pre-
serving peace and promoting free commerce among
its different nations. He died in the execution of
this grand design, which was alone sufficient to
entitle him to the name of Great. The States of
Germany have confederated in the Zoll Verein
league, for the purpose of enjoying the benefits of
free trade among themselves; and their prosperity
has ever since been rapidly1 increasing. If we are
wise, we shall have a system of free trade at home
on a more extensive scale than any which the world
has ever witnessed, arousing an energy and activity
of competition which will result in a most rapid im-
provement in all that contributes to the welfare and
happiness of the human race. It is only thus that
we can fulfil our high destinies, and run the race of
greatness for which we are ordained. The time has
passed away when serious fears can be entertained
from an extension of our Union, although I admit
that the Del Norte seems to be the boundary
prescribed by nature between the Anglo-Saxon and
the Mexican races. Within this limit, the more we
extend our system of confederated States, the great-,
pr will be the strength .and security of the Union;
because the more dependent will the several parts I
be upon the whole, and the whole upon the
several parts. If there were no other bond
to preserve our Union, what State would
forego the advantages of this vast free trade
with all her sisters, and place herself in lonely
isolation? This system of confederated republics,
under which the federal government has charge of
the interests common to the whole, whilst local
go-sernments watch over the concerns of the respec-
tive States, is capable of almost indefinite extension
with increasing strength. This strength can never
be impaired but by the attempts of the federal gov-
ernment to pass beyond its legitimate limits, and in-
terfere with interests belonging peculiarly to the
States. The beneficence ofProvidence has so blend-
ed together the interests and security of our family
of States, that disunion would be insanity. It is true
that some of the older members of the confederacy
have, at different periods, assumed a threatening at-
titude towards the Union; but upon what occasion has
any one of the new and distant States ever breathed
the word disunion? Their loyalty has never been
doubted. The greater their distance from the cen-
tre, the more they feel their dependence upon the
government of the whole for prosperity and protec-
tion. Their external pressure has served, and will
serve more firmly to consolidate that Union, upon
the preservation of which all the hopes of the patriot
and the philanthropist depend. Texas will be
placed on an exposed and distant frontier; and Tex-
as will be the last portion of the confederacy willing
to abandon the security and the prosperity which
the government of the Union can confer.
Whilst the annexation of Texas would afford
that security to the southern and southwestern slave
States which they have a right to demand, it would,
in some respects, operate prejudicially upon then-
immediate pecuniary interests; but to the middle
and western, and more especially to the New Eng-
knd States, it would, in my opinion, be a source of
unmixed prosperity. It would extend their com-
merce, promote their manufactures, and increase
their wealth. The New England States resisted,
with all their power, the acquisition of Louisiana;
and I ask, what would those States have been at
this day without that territory? They will also re-
sist the annexation of Texas with similar energy;
although, after it has been acquired, it is they who
will reap the chief pecuniary advantages from the
acquisition.
The friends to the incidental protection of Ameri-
can industry need feel no apprehensions from the
annexation of Texas. It is better, far better adapt-
ed for the cultivation of sugar than Louisiana; and
wherever sugar is grown in this country, protection
is required. Take away the protective duty on the
importation of foreign sugar, and you consign all the
sugar plantations of Louisiana to inevitable destruc-
tion. The fact is, that sugar and iron are indissolu-
bly connected in interest. They are the two articles
which of all others require the most protection; and,
by creating a new sugar interest in the South, you
raise up a new ally in the cause of incidental pro-
tection.
But suppose that we reject Texas: what will be
the consequences? And here I invoke the patient at-
tention of the Senate. From the necessity of the
case, she must cast herielf into the arms of England.
Both her interest and her safety render this inevita-
ble. I do not believe that Texaswould ever consent to
become a colony of England, or that England de-
sires to colonize Texas. England could not make
her a colony without certain war with this country,
unless we should abandon the principle announced
by Mr. Monroe in 1823, and which was enthusias-
tically hailed by the American people, that Euro-
pean nations shall no longer be permitted to plant
colonies on our continent. No, sir, Texas will
never become a colony of England, but she will
form a commercial alliance with England; and to
this we could not object under any principle of the
law of nations. Such an alliance, in its consequences,
would be equally injurious to our peace and pros-
perity.
That England is eager for such a consummation,
who can doubt? She is ever ready to depress a
rival and to advance her own interest; and never has
she yet been able to strike so severe a blow against
the United States, as she would do by forming such
an alliance with Texas. Permit me for a few mo-
ments to present this branch of the subject in its
different aspects.
I The cotton manufacture is necessary not merely
U to the prosperity, but almost to the very1 existence
of England. Destroy it, and you rum her prosper-
ity. She well knows that she is necessarilV depend-
ent upon the nation which holds in its riahds the
raw material of this manufacture. Such is oui> posi-
tion towards her at the present moment. To "rehire
herself from this dependence, she has endeavored to
promote the cultivation of cotton every where
throughout the world. Brazil, Egypt, and the East
Indies have all, in turns, been the theatre of her op-
erations; but she has yet succeeded nowhere to any
great extent. She has encountered difficulties in
the soil or in the climate of these different countries
which she has not been able to overcome. Texas
is now presented to her, with a soil and a climate
better adapted for the cultivation of cotton than any
other region on the face of the earth. I have been
assured by my friend, (Colonel King,) now our
minister to France, and himself a successful cotton
planter, that whilst with the same labor bestowed
upon an acre of land, they can raise one-third more
cotton in Alabama than can be produced in Georgia,
and South Carolina, a planter in Texas cain raise
one-third more cotton to the acre than can be pro-
duced in Alabama. Of course I speak of the av-
erage crop. All the authentic information whicli
we have ever received, goes to prove that both for
the quantity and quality of the product, Texas is
superior, as a cotton-growing country, even to the
most fertile portions of the United States. • Eng-
land would not be true to herself, (and she has never
yet been false to her own interest,) if she did not
eagerly desire to form a commercial alliance with
Texas.
Now, sir, annex Texas to the United States, and
we shall have within the limits of our broad con-
federacy all the favored cotton-growing regions of-
the earth. England will then for ever remain depen-
dent upon usfor the raw material of her greatest man-
ufacture; and an army of one hundred thousand men
would not be so great a security for preserving the"
peace between the two nations as this dependence. '
It is the very condition of England's existence as
a powerful and prosperous nation that she shall •
find consumers for her manufactures. The conti-
nent of Europe is now, in a great degree, closed
against them, and she is traversing sea and land,
and exerting all her power, to open markets for them
r throughout the other quarters of the globe. A very
long period of time must elapse even, if ever, before
Texas can become a manufacturing nation. A com-
mercial treaty will then be concluded between the
two nations founded on their mutual interests, the
basis of which will be free trade so far as this may
be possible. England will receive the cotton, su-
gar, and other productions of Texas, whilst Texas,
in return, will admit the manufactures of England.
And I ask what could be more ruinous to all our in-
terests than such a free trade convention between
these two powers?
Texas, like the United States, is not. oniy admi-
rably adapted for the production of cotton, sugar, and
the other staples of the planting States, but it ex-
tends to the 43d degree of north latitude, and em-
braces a large extent of country where wheat, rye,
pork, lard, and, in short, all the agricultural staples
of the middle and western States can be produced
in the greatest abundance. Texas, in union with
England and receiving all the advantages which
England can bestow, will thus become our rival for'
the markets of the world. In the language of the.
Edinburgh Review, "the bonds of ancient kindred
[with Texas] may thus be knit with fresh, strength,
and with a wider diffusion of the British race and
British sympathies." Texas and the United States
will then necessarily become jealous and hostile ri-
vals; and British power and British influence will
thus be increased and extended at our expense.
British manufactures will be admitted into. Texas
either entirely.free or at a very low rate of duty;
and a system of smuggling will be organized along
our extended frontier which no vigilance can prevent,
and which will greatly reduce our revenue and iii-
jure our domestic manufactures.
Shall we, in view of all thesefearful consequences
. which will naturally result from our refusal to. ac-
cept Texas, reject the treaty now "before us? I trust
not. ,
In arriving at the conclusion to support this trea-
ty, I had to encounter but one serious obstacle, and
this was, the question of slavery. Whilst I ever
hajre maintained, and ever shall maintain, in-their
full force and vigor, the constitutional'rights of the
southern States over their slave property,! yet feel
a strong-repugnance, by any act of wine; to extend
the presenUimits of the Union over § new- slave*
