722
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
28th Cong..,..1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Buchanan.
June, 1844.
Senate.
holding territory. After mature reflection, howev-
er, I overcame these scruples, and now believe that
the acquisition of Texais will be the means of lim-
iting,' not enlarging, the dominion of slavery. In
the government of the world, Providence generally
produces great changes by gradual means. There
is nothing "fash in the counsels of the Almighty.
May not, then, the acquisition of Texas be the
means of gradually drawing the slaves far to the
South, to a climate more congenial to their nature;
and may they not finally pass off into Mexico, and
there mingle with a race where no prejudice exists
against their color? The Mexican nation -is com-
posed of Spaniards, Indians, and negroes, blended
together in every variety, who 'would receive our
slaves on terms of perfect social equality. To this
condition they never can be admitted in the United
States.
That the acquisition of Texas would ere long con-
vert Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, Missouri, and
probably others of the more northern slave States into
free States, I entertain not a doubt. In fact, public
opinion was gradually accomplishing this happy re-
sult, when the process was arrested by the mad inter-
ference of the abolitionists. A measure having
directly in view the gradual abolition of slavery
came within one vote, if my memory serves me,
of passing the House of Delegates of Virginia
shortly, before the abolition excitement commenced.
There was then in that State a powerful, influen-
tial) and growing party in favor of gradual emanci-
pation, and they were animated to exertion by the
brightest hopes of success; but the interference of
fanatics from abroad has so effectually turned back
the tide of public opinion, that no individual Would
new venture to offer such a proposition in the Vir-
ginia legislature. The efforts of theabolitionsts,
whether so intended or not, have long postponed
the day of emancipation.
But should Texas be annexed to the Union,
causes will be brought into operation which must
inevitably remove slavery from what may be called
the farming States. From the very best informa-
tion, it is no longer profitable to raise wheat, rye,
and corn by slave labor. Where these articles are
the only staples of agriculture, in the pointed and
expressive language of Mr. Randolph, if the slave
don't run a\vay from his master, the master must
run away from the slave. The slave will naturally
be removed from such a country, where his labor is
scarcely adequate to his own support, to a region
where he can not only maintain himself, but yield
large profits to his master. Texas will open such an
outlet; and slavery itself may thus finally pass the
Del Norte, and be lost in Mexico. One thing is
certain. The present number of slaves cannot be
increased by the annexation of Texas.
I have never apprehended the preponderance of
the slave States in the counsels of the nation. Such
a fear has always appeared to me to be visionary.
But even those who entertain such apprehensions
need not be alarmed by the acquisition of Texas.
More than the one-half of its territory is wholly un-
it for slave labor, and therefore, in the nature of
tilings, must be free." Mr. Clay, in his letter of the
17th April last, on the subject of annexation, states
that, according to his information—
"The territory of Texas is susceptible of a division into
five States of convenient size and form. Of these, two only
would be adapted to tho^e peculiar institutions [slavery]
to which i have referred; and the other three, lying west
and north of San Antonio, being only adapted to tarming
and grazing purposes, fiom the nature of their soil, climate,
undpveductions, would not admit ot those institutions. In
the end, therefore, there would be two slave and three free
States probably added to the Union."
. And here permit me to observe that there is one
defect in the treaty which ought to be amended, if
we did not all know that it is destined to be rejected.
The treaty itself ought to determine how many free
and how many slave States should be made out of
this territory; or it ought, in express terms, to leave
the question of slavery to be decided by those States
m their constitutions, as they severally apply for
.-sdirtission into the Union. There should be some
fis€(i and fundamental rule established on thissub
ject by the treaty or act of annexation. Shoul-
this not be done, we may have another Missouri
question to shake the Union to its centre, upon the
successive application of each of these States for
admission. As wise statesmen, we ought to pro-
vide against this danger, by settling the question in
advance, at the time of annexation.
' I come now to examine the objections which have
been urged against this treaty. And, first, it has
strenuously contended that Uie ae<jui*ititm of
Texas would be a violation of the constitution of
the United States; and that no new State can be ad-
mitted into the Union, unless it formed a part of our
territory in 1789, when that constitution was adopt-
ed. On this point I shall be very brief. Mr. Van
Bu'ren, in his Texas letter, has demonstrated this
objection to be wholly unfounded. The language
of the constitution is broad and general, embracing
in its terms all new States, whether these be com-
posed of foreign territory or not. It declares that
"new States may be admitted by the Congress into
the Union." What human power <i n limit the
generality of this expression to such new States
alone as might be composed of territory then be-
longing to the United States? How can the plain
construction of the language be narrowed down by
any such restriction? The framers of the constitu-
tion were too wise and too far-sighted to place any
such limitation on the power of Congress for all fu-
ture time. In the course of human events, in the
history of a great nation, they foresaw that it might
become necessary to acquire new territory by pur-
chase or by conquest; they therefore left the discre-
tion of Congress unlimited in the admission of new
States. The letter of Dr. Johnson, one of the dele-
gates from Connecticut to the federal convention,
furnished by Mr., Pitkin, Which was read by the
senator from that State, [Mr. Huntington,] presents
a remarkable instance of the frailty of human memo-
ry. It was written after the admission of Louisiana
into the Union, which took place in 1812, and con-
sequently more than twenty years after the occur-
rences Which it relates. Besides, at the date'of the
letter, which was about the time of our declaration
of war against Great Britain, party excitement ra#
very high in this country, and Dr. Johnson belong-
ed to the party hostile tn the acquisition of Louisi-
ana, and to the declaration of war. I doubt not
he was a worthy and respectable man, and de-
served the commendations bestowed upon him by
the senator from Connecticut; but yet I shall prove
conclusively that he must have been entirely mista-
ken in regard to the facts which he asserts. He
says that he put the very case to his colleagues
(Messrs. Ellsworth and Sherman) whilst the con-
vention was yet in session—suppose we should
conquer Nova Scotia from Great Britain, could
we, under the constitution, admit it as a State
into the Union?—and they were clearly of
opinion that Congress would possess no such
power; but that Nova Scotia must remain a
territory forever. Dr. Johnson suggested that an
express provision should be made to prevent States
composed of foreign territory from being admitted;
but his colleagues both agreed that such States were
already so obviously excluded by a fair construction
of the constitution, that it would be a waste of' time
to offer such an amendment. He also says that he
conversed with many other members of the conven-
tion, and never found one who entertained a doubt
upon the subject; and he concludes by stating, that,
had the question been submitted to the convention,
whether, under the constitution, a new State, com-
posed of foreign territory, could be admitted into the
Union, there would have been an unanimous -rote
in the negative.
Now, sir, wonderful as it may seem, after such a
statement, the recordsot" the convention prove that the
very question was raised before that body whether
such a limitation should be imposed on the power of
Congress to admit new States, and was expressly
decided in the negative. The first basis of a consti-
tution proposed by- Edmund Randolph, confined
the power of admitting new States to those "lawfully
arising within the limits of the United States."
This restriction was, at one time, adopted by the con-
vention, but, after mature consideration, was stricken
out; and the clause, without any such restric-
tion, as it now stands m the constitution, that
"new States may be admitted by the Congress into
the Union," was finally established. According to
the memory of Dr. Johnson, it was considered too
plain for doubt, that, under the constitution, no new
State, composed of foreign territory, could be ad-
mitted into the Union; and yet the convention had
expressly decided that sucli States might be admit-
ted, and had adopted the most general language for
this very purpose.
But, even if a doubt could have rested upon this
question, the admission of Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Missouri into the Union, all composed of territory
acquired from Prance in 1803, and the cession of
Florida to the United States by Spain* in 1819.
would have settled it foreyer. "the scruples enter-
tained by Mr. Jefferson at one time, bat which lis
afterwards abandoned, could never have existed,
had he been a member of the federalconvention. I
might cite the opinion of Judge Story, and other
eminent jurists, in favor of,my position; but I
should deem this to be a useless waste of time, on
so plain a question.
It has been said, however, that, admitting this
construction of the constitution to be correct, yet,
as Texas is an independent State, and not, like
Louisiana and Florida, a territorial dependence of a
foreign power, it would be a violation of-the consti-
tution to ratify this treaty. And this in the nine-
teenth century, and in the American Senate! We
had the power, forsooth, to accept the cession of
territories from Napoleon Bonaparteand the King of
Spain, without ever consulting the wishes of the
people whom they ceded; and yet we have not the
power to accept such a cession from the sovereign
people themselves of an independent State! I shall
not waste time upon such an argument. It would
prove that if ever (which God forbid) any of the
States of this Union should shoot madly from their
sphere, and establish an independent government,
we would possess no constitutional power, upon
their own earnest entreaty, to restore them to their
ancient position.
Again: senators contend that one nation cannot
incorporate itself with another by means of a treaty.
But we have the direct authority of Vattel against
this proposition. That author says that when a na-
tion "has not sufficient strength of itself, and feels
itself unable to resist its enemies, it may lawfully
subject itself -to a more powerful nation, on certain
conditions agreed to by both parties; and the com-
pact or treaty of submission will thenceforward be the
measure and rule of the rights of each." And
again: " This submission may be varied to infinity,
according to the will of the contracting parties; it
may either leave the inferior nation a part of the
sovereignty, restraining it only in certain respects,
or it may totally abolish it, so that the superior na-
tion shall become the sovereign of the other; or,
finally, the lessir nation, may be incorporated with the
greater, in order thenceforward to form with it but one
and the same State; and then the citizens of the former
will have the same privileges as those with whom they
are united—Book 1, chap. 16, sec. 193-4, p. 94.
Never was there an authority more directly in
point in support of the treaty of annexation. Under
it, Texas will be incorporated with the United States,
and her citizens will enjoy all the privileges of citi-
zens of the United States.
A treaty is nothing more nor less than an agree-
ment between sovereign powers; and even if Texas
should be annexed by an act of Congress, (to which
I see no objection,) still this must be preceded by
some agreement, express or implied, fixing the terms
and stipulations of the annexation.
But the senator from Connecticut [Mr. Henting-
toh] has contended that Texas cannot be annexed
by treaty; because, if the United States should vio-
late this treaty, the existence of Texas as an inde-
pendent nation having been destroyed, she could not
enforce her rights by war. But, sir, is the obliga-
tion less binding upon our part, although Texas
may have lost the power to make war upon us? Is
an engagement less solemn and less obligatory in
the eyes of God or man, because the opposite party
has not the power to enforce it? Are the United
States less bound to fulfil their engagements and dis-
charge their debts, because they cannot be sued in
any court ofjustice? We have contracted obligations
to every new State which has entered the Union;
and may we free ourselves from these obligations,
because such States have no power under the con-
stitution to exact their fulfilment by war? Texas,
after she enters the Union, will be in precisely the
same position as one of these States, and must trust
to a national faith which has never yet been violated,
for the observance of the treaty.
I now approach the main objection to the treaty,
which has been urged by every variety of argument
and illustration. It is evidently that on which its
opponents most rely; and it therefore demands from
me a clear and explicit answer. I shall state it as
fairly as I can.' The Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Bevton,] and others following in his footsteps, con-
tend that Texas was a province of Mcxico; that
Mexico is still waging a justifiable war for the re-
subjugation of Texas; that if we annex Texas to
the United States, we nnjustly make ourselves a
party to_ that war ; and that we would thus violate
our treaty with Mexico, and expose ourselves to the
condemnation of the civilized world for this breach
pf /kith. Jiow, sir, I differ snfely frem the
