June, 1844.
APPENDIX TO TttE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
28th. Cong 1st Sess.
12$
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
(the armistice having expired1) on a scale commen-
surate to the conquest of the country." The con-
sent of Mexico! This we never shall obtain whilst
England can prevent it. We are all aware of1 her
great influence with Mexico; and we well know it
will all be exerted to prevent Mexico from consent-
ing to the reunion of Texas with the United States.
The deep interest felt by England in this question,
appears from the late remarks of Lord Aberdeen,
the Foreign Saa-etary, in the House'of Lords. "It
was a question new and unexampled (said his lord-
ship) in the history of public law, which demanded
and would receive the earliest and most serious at-
tention of her Majesty's government." And pray,
Mr, President, what right has England to interfere
in this question? If the people of the United States
and of Texas desire to be united, the interference
of England to prevent it would be an insult and an
injury to both. Have we not, as independent na-
tionSj a right to conclude what treaties we please in
relation to our own territories, without the consent
of England? The United States must never yield
the smallest portion of our just rights to that impe-
rious and arrogant power, which never fails to make
one extorted concession the foundation of demand-
ing another. England—whose constant policy in
the East has been to sow the seeds of dissension
between rivals, and then, under the pretext of es-
pousing the just cause, to take part with one of the
parties, and thus subjugate the whole country un-
der her own dominion—is now startled at the very
idea that, the United States should acquire Texas,
even with the free and enthusiastic consent of her
whole people! We cannot submit to any direct in-
terference from that quarter, without to this extent
yielding up our national independence. But Eng-
land will be relieved from the responsibility of a di-
rect interference in the domestic concerns of two
independent nations on this continent, if we should
adopt the principle that the consent of Mexico must
first be obtained before we can treat of annexa-
tion.
Ifc is true that I should be willing to treat Mexico,
as a neighboring republic on this continent, with the
utmost kindness. I would soothe her pride, and
even consult her prejudices. Whilst, thererore, I
utterly, deny that her consent was necessary, I
should have endeavored to obtain it, in the first in-
stance, by every honorable means. The hope is
now a vain one, that this consent will ever be given
whilst British influence shall rdnam predominant in
Mexico.
We have heard much, in -the course of this de-
bate, of the good faith and kind feeling of Mexico
towards the United States; though her conduct on
many occasions, and our own records, would dis-
prove this allegation. But it is not my purpose to
censure her. Many allowances ought to be made
for her, considering her distracted condition; and as
a sister republic on this continent, we have always
acted towards ,her with great forbearance. I trust
we shall continue to pursue this course; and I now
merely refer to the subject, lest it might be in-
ferred, from our silence, that we have never had
any just cause of complaint against Mexico.
But the Senator from Missouri does not c insider
the consent of Mexico to be indispensable. If, after
the expiration of the alleged armistice, Mexico should
cease to prosecute the war against Texas, "on a
scale commensurate to the conquest of the country,"
lie would then consent to the reunion. How much
longer must Mexico cease to prosecute this war
upon such a scale, before the reunion can be effected?
Shall it' be one, two, or ten years? She has already
ceased to prosecute this war, upon a scale commen-
surate with the conquest of Texas, from the day
when the battle of St.' Jacinto was fought until the
present moment. Has not eight years been a pe-
riod sufficiently long for this purpose? In my opin-
ion it has; and, therefore, I am willing to act without
further delay.
But the alleged armistice between these two pow-
ers lias been interpos'ed as an objection, and it lias
been urged that this acknowledges a state of war
to have existed at its date; and that time ought to
be allowed to Mexico, after its termination, to con-
quer Texas; before we should consent to annexa-
tion.
We have heard much of this armistice, which I
shall show, hereafter, never had an existence; but
admitting, for the sake of the argument, that it did
exist: what consequences would flow from it' I an-
swer, none prejudicial to the cause of reannexation.
This armistice could .only have suspended the war
as it existed at lis date; and what a war! A war
that had ceased, for all purposes of reconquest, du-
ring a, period of more than seven years; and that had
literally died out, and then been suspended by an
armistice of indefinite duration. This would have
been our position; and a better position it is than
even that which we now occupy. What is the
doctrine of the law of nations upon this subject? "A
general-truce," says Vattel, "made for many years,
differs from a peace in little else than in leaving the
question, which was th  original ground of the war,
still undecided. When two nations are weary of
hostilities, and yet cannot agree upon the point
which constitutes the subject of their dispute, they
geaerally have recourse to this kind of agreement."
Such was precisely the relative position of Mexico
and Texas towards each other at the date of Presi-
dent Houston's proclamation. They were both
weary of hostilities, and yet could not agree upon
the subject of their dispute, which was the inde-
denpe of Texas. President Houston, on the 15th of
June, 1843, proclaimed an armistice indefinite in its
duration; and had this been assented to by Mexico,
it would have amounted to a general truce, differing
but little from a general peace. By the terms of
this proclamation, the armistice was not limited to
any number of years; but was to continue during the
pendency of negotiations for peace, "and until due
notice of an intention to resume hostilities, should
such an intention hereafter be entertained by cither
party, shall have been formally announced through
her Britannic Majesty's charges des affaires at the re-
spective governments, and the revocation of this proc-
lamation." In addition to its indefinite duration, it
was to continue until England, the mediating power,
intent upon ending the war between Mexico and
Texas, should consent to become the instrument of
rekindling it, by means of a notice for that purpose,
given through her charges desaffaires. That this time
never would have arrived, is most certain.
But, unfortunately, this armistice never had any
actual existence. My friend, the editor of the
Globe has got into a fog on this branch of the sub-
ject; and it is but an act of friendship on my part
to restore him to clear sunshine.
Was any proclamation of an armistice, corres-
ponding with that of General Houston ever issued
by the President of Mexico? This is a most im-
portant inquiry; because no principle of public or
private law is better settled than that, to make any
contract binding between parties, it must be mutual.
Both must be bound, or neither. The provisional
President of Mexico, so far from having issued a
corresponding proclamation—so far from having
agreed to the stipulations of the armistice announced
by General Houston—expressly declined to assent
to them the moment they were communicated to
him by the British charge d'affaires. The procla-
mation of President Houston, declaring an armis-
tice, was thus annulled within a few days after it
had issued, by the refusal of the Mexican Presi-
dent to accede to its terms, and to issue a corres-
ponding proclamation. Thus ended the first attempt
to establish an armistice between the parties.
The Mexican government, through Mr. Tornel,
their minister of war, afterwards issued a military or-
der to General Woll, the commander-in-chief of the
army of the north, bearing date July 7, 1843, in
which they refuse to recognise General Houston
even as President de facto of Texas; but to make him
sensible of his inferiority, insultiagly style him mere-
ly Mr. Samuel Houston. So far from recognising
President's Houston's proclamation as an existing
armistice between the two countries, Mr. Tornel in-
forms G®n. Woil that the Mexican Government "had
resolved to admit, in the jjame of the nation, the
propositions for an armistice; and that such
armistice be concluded between the two parties,
agreeably to the laws of war." Thus, while, on
the one side, an absolute armistice had been pro-
claimed, on the other, President Santa Anna merely
agreed to consider this proclamation as a proposal
for an armistice to be concluded thereafter. Ac-
cordingly, Mr. Tornel proceeds, by his military or-
der, to instruct General Woll, that, "in order that
the armistice, may be concluded on the tei ms fixed
by the usage and practice of war, you will give of-
ficial notice to Mr. Samuel Houston that lie should
appoint commissioners, who, jointly with those
chosen by yourself, may form the stipulations, ac-
cording- to the following rules to be observed on your
part," &c. In pursuance of this order from the
Mexican Minister of War, commissioners were
appointed by General Woll and President Hous-
ton, respectively, who held then- last meeting
at the town of Sabinas, in the republic of Mexico,
on the 15th February, 1844, and on that day signed
an agreement for an armistice, the first article of
which is as follows:
"There shall be an armistice between Mexico an£ Texas
during the pending of negotiations, at the capital of the re-
public, relative to the pacification of the department 'of
Texas, and which are to be concluded, at the farthest, by
the 1st day of May, 1844, and can only be prolonged in case
there should then be a probability of a speedy and pacific
termination of the matter.'1 # " !
Thus, it is evident, that, even if this armigtfee
had been approved by President Houston, it would
have terminated, by its own limitation, on the first
day of the last month, as it contains no stipulation
whatever requiring tie respective parties to give any-
other notice o'f their intention to resume hostilities.
But the truth is, that the proposed armistice never
was in force a single moment, for want of the ap-
proval of President Houston. We are informed by
Messrs. Van Zandl and Henderson, in tfceir letter
to Mr. Calhoun of May ]6th, 1844, that "they [the
Texian cqgnisissioners] were instructed thai no ar-
rangement made by them would be binding until
approved by the President. When the agreement
entered into by them was submitted to the Presi-
dent of Texas, he declined approving it. Referring
to Texas as a department of Mexico was a sufficient
reason for its prompt rejection, and precluded all
possibility of official action under it."
"The negotiations having thus terminated, and this
agreement being held to be null and void, there is at
Eresent no subsisting arrangement of any character
etween Mexico and Texas."
That this result was clearly anticipated by the
Mexican government', appears conclusively from the
despatch of Mr. Thompson of the 2d February last,
to the Secretary of State. He says:
"I am informed that the negotiation with Texas for peace
is not only broken off', but that the armistice has also been
suspended. You will remember that, from the beginning of
this matter, I expressed the opinion that nothing would
come of it. It was only a device, on the part of Santa Anna,
to 1 elieve hiin from the difficulty in which he had involved
himself by his threats and promises of reconquering Texas,
which he knows perfectly well is impossible."
Thus has ended the second abortive attempt to
establish an armistice between Mexico and Texas.
An effort had been made by each government to
obtain the consent of the other to the establishment
of an armistice upon its own terms; but each sig-
nally failed, and nothing of this nature ever existed,
unless it may have been the mere order of the Mex-
ican minister at war to General Woll to suspend hos-
tilities whilst proceedings in relation to an armis-
tice were in progress.
Having thus disposed of the most prominent ob-
jections to the present treaty, let me proceed to in-
quire whether our annals do not afford precedents
exactly in point to justify those senators who have
determined to vote for its ratification. If such pre-
cedents exist and were adopted by the wisest and
best men of the republic when the voice of party
spirit was comparatively silent, this will be an all-
prevailing argument in favor of the treaty. Nay,
more;—if it never entered into the conception of\*
these statesmen that they were violating the obliga-^
tion of treaties or performing any act inconsistent
with the law of nations or the character of the-coun-
try in their attempts to annex Texas to the Union,
what will then become of the phantoms of broken
faith and tarnished national honor which have
been conjured up to fright us "from our proprie-
ty?" But to the testimony on this subject: and to
this I shall refer very briefly, because it has been
presented at large by other senators.
That one nation, in a state «f war with another,
may rightfully cede a portion of its territory to a
neutral nation, is a principle of public law which can-
not be doubted. We have the high authority of
Mr. Madison in support of this principle, which lie
has illustrated with a rare felicity of expression. In
his letter to Messrs. Livingston and Monroe of the
28th May, 1803, instructing them in regard to the
purchase of Louisiana, he says: "That the right of
a neutral to procure for itself, by a bona fide trans-
action, property of any sort, from a belligerent pow-
er, ought not to be frustrated by the chance that a
rightful conqucst thereof might be precluded. A
contrary doctrine would sacrifice the just interests
of peace to the unreasonable pretensions of war, and
the positive rights of one nation to the possible rights
of another." This pure and able statesman does
not seem to ha*e been alarmed by saeh fears as now
haunt senators, lest the acceptance of the cession of'
Louisiana fiom France by the United States might
be a violation of our treaty of peace with England.
This authority would be directly in point on thft
