72$
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May,1844i
28®h Cong.. ..1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
of sceatnry in'the policy of Jefferson and Gallatin; and the
great weight which I freely admit to be due to the finan-
ciaTiMnioriSlof the.senator from New Hampshire, will hard-
ly induce the country to return to the obsolete and explo-
dett pc^cedents of l?i?4and 1798.
The f oic'e of experience and the judgment of the country
utton this subject are strikingly embodied in:a statement
Which f hold in my hand, and which I have taken from a
document laid" before us ^yeir or two ago'—an account of
the receipts and expenditures of the government for the
yekr 1840. in that document there is a statement exhibiting
the receipts of the government from all the regular and per-
manent" sources' of revenue, (exclusive of lo*ns, bank divi-
dends, &c., arid miscellaneous items,) from the 4th of March,
1789, to the 31 s£ December, 1S40. The aggregate of these
receipts, duriag this period of fifty-two years, is $892,340,-
733, of Whichthe enormous amount of $746,923,302 was de-
rived from customs alone, while $12,744 73 only came from
direct taxes, and $22,265,242 from internal duties or exeise —
the residue being made up from the proceeds of the public
lands and surplus of postage. The duties on foreign im-
ports, then* stand out in bold relief, as the great established
soutce of the national revenues, which the experience of the
country for more than half a century has deliberately sanc-
tioned and adopted, and all other forms of taxation are but
occasional 'expedients or extraordinary resources for rare
and special emergencies, which may, at long intervals, call
forth all the energies of the nation, but always ceasing
■whenever the emergency ceases.
ItmSyv therefore, be considered as settled, by the united
voice of reason, experience, and the highest authority, the-
oretical ahd practical, that there is no mode of providing for
the support of the federal government,and the public ex-
penditivre of the nation liatile to so little objection, and at-
tended with so few' disadvantages in a strictly financial
vie"W; as the system of duties on foreign imports. There is
nVdre or less Of encouragement to the domestic industry of
the country necessarily" involved in such a system of rev-
enue. Bvit here we are met by a novel doctrine, which
claims to be one of binding constitutional restriction. It is
said that, although a benefit may and does result incidental-
ly, or rather-accidentally, to the interests of domestic indus-
try from the imposition of duties on foreign commerce, you
have wo right to impose these duties with a view to that
benefit, but they must be regulated and adjusted with a
strict and exclusive reference to the interests of the revenue
alone. To state the proposition according to the most ap-
proved formula of the political school which has adopted it—
in the imposition of duties you may discriminate for the
sake of revenue, but you cannot discriminate for the benefit
of the labor and the capital which are the only sources of
bbth public and private revenue.
I will venture to assert that so inexorable and Rhandaman-
thian a rule was never practised upon by any government
under the sun—not even in the sheerest and most naked ex-
ercise of the taxing power. it would convert the office of
raiding revenue for the support of government into a sum-
mary act of confiscation, and reduce the skill of the financier
(which Burke and others have exalted into the dignity of
the highest political science) to the mere arts of a fiscal ex-
tortioner. All the Aters on political economy and finance
lay down rules of preference and selection in the imposition
of taxes, having reference-to their effects on industrial in-
terests, on public morals, and the general case and conve-
nience of the people, as well as to their productiveness of
revenue. In every civilized government the- authority which
imposes taxes to supply the exigencies of the public service
seeks to impose them in the manner which may prove the
ipost beneficial, or the least injurious to the geueial in-
terests of society. Hence in many countries taxes are laid
by preference, which, while they yield the requisite rev-
enue, discourage vice or check extravagance and luxury.
In every country in which industry and the arts have made
any progress, many foreign articles which are made use of,
as raw materials or otherwise, in established^branches of
domestic manufactures, are either exempted 'from duty or
subjected to lighter duties, with a view solely to promote
production in those particular trades, and a consequent in-
crease of national wealth.
But I will not enter further into this view of the doctrine
which has been recently set up as a new standard of politi-
cal faith. There is a radical error in it under the particular
provisions of our constitution, which it is more important to
notice. It wholly overlooks, or rather annihilates, a vital
and fundamental power of the constitution—the power to
"regulate commerce with foreign nations." If there be any
proposition connected with the history and meaning of the
constitution which rests upon more incontrovertible proofs
than another, it is that the power to regulate commerce
with foreign nations directly and necessarily includes the
power t6 protect domestic industry by burdens and restric-
tions imposed upon foreign productions. It is a very nar-
row and inadequate conception of the scope ;and operation
of an impost duty which sees in it nothing but a fiscal re-
source. It is at the same time, and equally, a regulation of
commerce. If gentlemen will look back to the proceedings
on that fundamental act ol our legislation—the act of 1789,
for laying duties on foreign imnorts—they will see that Mr.
Madison, in introducing the bill, expressly stated that it pre-
sented two points for consideration; the first respected the
regulation of commerce, the second related to levenue One
of the most familiar and ordinary means or instruments of
regulating commerce is the imposition of duties; and one of
the most ordinary and familiar exertions ol the power to reg-
ulate commerce with foreign nations is to impose duties on
foreign productions in order to encourage and promote rival
branches of industry at home.
The commercial legislation of all countries which have
attained any degree of importance in the eyes of the world
abounds with examples of this use of the power. In Eng-
land particularly, from whose political and commercial vo-
cabulary the phrase was transplanted into our constitutional
and popular language, this had been its well known use and
application for centuries. It was rendered doubly familiar,
in this sense, to the mind of every man in America, from its
having entered so largely into our colonial controversies
with the mother country. The distinction upon Which we
/stood, a§ every person who has the slightest knowledge of
the history of his country well knows, was this : that Great
Britain had no right to-tax the trade of the' colonies, without
their consent, for revenue j but, as the parent and presiding
power, she had ths admitted right to do so for the regulation
of commerce; that is, to impose duties on the productions oi
foreign countries coming to the colonics, with a view to re-
strain and discourage their introduction, and thereby secure
the market of the colonies to her^own manufactures. This
was the conceded and well understood extent and operation
of the power to regulate commerce in all our ante-revolu-
tionary history. - ' .
In that period of our history "which followed the close of
the revolution, and immediately preceded the formation of
the constitution—a period which, from the inadequacyof
the articles of confederation to provide for the new wants
of an independent national existence, was filled with every
variety of embarrassment, suffering, and distress, and which
has been aptly compared to the journey of the Israelites
through the wilderness—the power to regulate commcrce,
with its vitally important objects and uses, again -became a
paramount and absorbing subject of public solicitude and
discussion. In consequence of the want of any such power
on the part of the federal authority, and the various and
conflicting regulations of the several States nullifying and
defeating each other, tlie condition of the country, m all
the great interests of the national industry, had become one
of the most melancholy and ruinous "depression. Our ports
being thrown open to the admission of foreign merchan-
dise, with hardly any restriction, while our own produce
and trade were either prohibited orsubjectedto burdensome
and oppressive restrictions in other countries, the conse-
quence was the total prostration of the energies of Ameri-
can industry and enterprise in all their departments. Under
this unequal state of things, the useful branches of manu-
factures which had sprung into existence during the war of
th« revolution, and had been gradually extending them-
selves, were overwhelmed by the inundation of foreign
goods which was thus let in upon the country; agriculture
was shut out from the markets it had been accustomed to
find abroad for its.surplus.productions; and our navigation
was driven from the ocean, and threatened with destruction,
by the unfriendly discriminations and exclusive regulations
of other-maritime powers. The result of this state of things
was a vast and constantly increasing accumulation of for-
eign debt, without the means of pajmg it, weighing like an
incubus upon the national spirits and resources, and par-
alyzing every limb of the national enterprise. It was to
rcmedv these appalling evils, and expressly and emphati-
cally to protect all of those great interests of American in-
dustry, that the country called loudly for the investiture of
the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations in the
authorities of the Union, by \s hich alone it could be effi-
ciently exercised .
It was by the salutary agency of this power, in the hands
of the federal authority, that all these beneficent and im-
portant results Were to be accomplished. Protection of do-
mestic interests was the end, the motive, the vital essence,
of the power over foreign commerce delegated bj the new
constitution to Congress. But surely, Mr. President, it
would be a labor of presumptuous supererogation in me to
detain the Senate with the discussion of a question which
has received so conclusive an elucidation from the hands of
the father of the constitution himself. I need hardly say,
sir, that I refer to the letters of Mr. Madison, addressed to a
citizen of Virginia in 182«, in which he has shown, by the
most luminous development, and with a weight of authority
which attach as to no other name on questions of constitu-
tional construction, that this very power of regulating com-
merce with foreign nations embraces fully, and was meant
to embrace, the encouragement and protection of the domes-
tic industry of the country by impost duties adapted to the
object, whenever the wisdom of Congress should deem the
exercise of the power expedient and proper. On that dem-
onstration the general intelligence of the country has le-
posed, and may well repose, with undoubting confidence.
It may not be amiss, however, Mr. President, to advert for
a few moments to the practical construction of the powers
on this subject established by the first Congress which as-
sembled under the constitution. That Congress consisted
of some of the first minds of America, and, ma very large
number, of the same individuals who had been members
either of the federal convention which framed the constitu-
tion, or of the several State conventions which had ratified
it. If anj body of men, therefore, could be presumed to be
qualified, above all others, to know the true meaning and
spirit of the constitution \\ hich they had so large a personal
agcncy in framing, and which they were now called on to
put into practical operation, it was the collection of able and
experienced statesmen who composed the Congress of'89.
And here, sir, I may be permitted to remark, that contempo-
raneous construction is, in my judgment, the safest gukle to
the meaning and intention of political institutions, as it has
always been held to be in the interpretation of laws on
which the rights, and interests, and responsibilities of indi-
viduals in civil life depend. In either case, the object is to
arrive at the real intention of those who made the law, or
founded and agreed to the constitution; and, surely this can
be better learned from the parties who were engaged in the
transaction, or their associates orcontempoiaries, than from
scholiasts and commentators, who, by new and ingenious
interpretations, bring to light some recondite and hitherto
undiscovered and unavowed policy or design.
In this view, the proceedings of the Congress of '89 are of
the highest importance. The act passed by them laying du-
ties on foreign imports was, as we all know it declared
upon its own face to be, "for the encouragement and pi o-
tection of manufactures,'" as well as for obtaining revenue
for the support of the government and the discharge of the
public debt. But the senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Aihertos,] who addressed the Senate yesterday, contend-
ed that the duties in the act of 5S9 were laid with a view to
revenue alone, and ingeniously argued that if the act was
declared to be also "for the encouragement and protection
of manufactures," it was only because the enlightened fram-
e rs of it thought mere revenue duties sufficient for protec-
tion. But this supposititious explanation of the character
of the act is contradicted by the whole course of the debate
which took place upon it. The principle of protection, as
a substantive element in the bill, was avowed or admitted
by every member who took part m the debate. When a
long list of artiples for specific duties was offered to be added
to"those' embraced in the original proposition of Mr. Madi«
seni—articles which were finally incorporated in the bill-
he accepted them, expressly declaring that some of the pro-
posed duties may.be "productive of revenue," and some may
"protect our domestic manufactures," thus distinguishing
them into separate classes, as having revenue or protection
respectively for their object, though' combined m the same
bill. On the following day, Mr. Clymer, of Pennsylvania,
adverting to the character of the aci, said-he "did not object
to this mode of encouraging manufactures and obtaining
revenue by combining the two objects in one. bill. He was
satisfied there Was a political necessity for the one and the
other, and it would not be amiss to doit in this wfiy^"
If - the honorable senator will look a little farther into the.
detail of the-legislative proceed'-ngs on that occasion, he will
find various articles brought forward day after day on the
express ground of meriting encouragement by means of pro-
tecting duties. The House of Representatives was engaged
for weeks, in committee of the whole, in an emulous selec-
tion of objectsgconnected with the agriculture or manufac-
tures of the country, -which were supposed to have the
strongest claims to legislative protection. One of the
most singular results disclosed by this review—and \ beg
leave to call the attention of my honorable friend from
South Carolina [Mr. McDi-khf.] to it, that he mjiy correct
me if I have fallen into error-^is, that that very interest of
the cotton culture, which of late years has been most vio-
lently arrayed against the principle of protection, in all
probability took its origin, as a stable and regular branch of
national industry, in the protection and beneficent provi-
sions' of the acf of 17S9. , ,
I find, on looking into the debates on that occasion, that,
the duty on hemp being under consideration, Mr. Burke, a
member from South Carolina, warmly advocated it, believing
that the lands of South Carolina and Georgia-were well
adapted to its growth. He stated that the staple products of
that part of the Union (meaning, doubtless, rice and indigo)
were hardly worth cultivating, on account off their iall in
pricn; that the planters were therefore disposed to pursue
some other: that hemp, he.thought, might he attempted by
them with advantage;- and he addett, "cotton is likewise in
contemplation among them, and if good seed could be pro-
cured, he hoped it might succeed." This was on the 16th
of April, 1789. The bill was returned from the Senate on the
12th of June, witn an amendment imposing three cents per
pound on cotton, which was concurred in by the House, and
at that rate the duty on cotton has ever since stood, through
all the successive mutations of the tariff m other respects,
from 1739 to the present time.
Now sir, it happens, by a very remarkable coincidence,
that this very year, 1789, is noted in the history of the'cotton
trade as the era of the first introduction of the Sea-island cot-
ton into the United States, and of the permanent establish-
ment of the cotton culture generally, as a systematic branch
of American agriculture in the southern States of the Union.
The circumstances attending the first essay in the culture of
the Sca-island cotton in the United States, as given by the
historians of a trade u hich has produced so great a revolu-
tion in the industry and commerce of the world, are so cu-
rious in this particular conncction that they deserve to be
mentioned. It appears that a West India- planter, who had
removed to Georgia for tho purpose of engaging in the cul-
ture of cotton, received from a friend in Jamaica, in the
spring of 1786, several.sacks of the Permanbuco cotton seed.
No vise, however, was made of these seeds until 1789, when
a successful experiment was made with them, to which is
traced the first introduction of the culture of the Sea-island
cotton into the United States; and from the same epoch is
dated the introduction, to any considerable extent, of the
cultivation of the upland cotton, and the permanent estab-
lishment of the cotton plant as a staple production of the
^This coincidence between the first establishment of the
cotton culture as a branch of national industry, and the pro-
tective duty of 1789, may, after all, it is true, be a fortuitous
association; but it certainly is no violent presumption to
suppose that the countenance and encouragement thus ex-
tended by the legislature to an infant enterprise, in its first
feeble efforts to maintain itself, gave a confidence and secu-
rity to all engaged m it, which contributed greatly to its
successful and firm establishment.
[Mr. McDithe here said that it was a low duty, not
averaging at that time more than ten per cent, ofthe price
of the article, and was imposed for revenue]
The protective duties then imposed (said Mr. Rives) were
all moderate, as the senator from South Carolina has him-
self shown, it being deemed expedient, as will be seen by
reference to the debates, to begin with moderate duties,
and to increase them afterwards, by degrees, as should be
found necessary. Whatever proportion the duty of three
cents per pound on cotton may have borne to-the price of
the article at that time, we know that, foi jearspast.it
has been equivalent to from thirty to fifty per cent ad valo-
rem. That it was high enough at first to operate as a ma-
terial protection to the planter is, I think, clearly proved
by the earnest lecummendation of General Hamilton, in his
report on manufactures in 1791, to repeal it, as highly in-
jurious to the interests of the cotton manufacturer. The
senator from South CaroRna.will see, if he will turn to that
report, that General Hamilton considered the duty high
enough to be, in the language of the report, "a very seri-
ous impediment to the progress of the cotton manufacto-
ries." The cotton then produced in the southern States was
considered of an inferior quality to that imported from
abroad; and the Secretary of the Treasury, deeming it to
be of great importance to the success of the infant cotton
manufactures, just starting into existence, that they should
have "the full benefit of the best materials on the cheapest
terms." earnestly urged the repeal of the duty as "indispen-
sable" for that object. All this, surely, implies such an
enhancement of price from the operation of the duty, or
such a diminution ofthe supply oftheforeign article under
its effects, as to be a virtual protection to the American
planter at the expense -of the manufacturer. At the same
time he proposed as a substitute for the duty on imported
*See White's History of the Cotton Manufacture, cited m
Hunt's Merchants' Maga/.ine for Match, 1841.-—Art. 1, "The
American Cotton Trade,"
