?30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Con a 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Rives.
Senate,-
enterprises, orforthe want of previously acquired skill, in-
dividuals Will not engage in it without the confidence and
security derived from publia protection; but when it has
been once introduced and established under the auspices of
that protection, and its practicability and advantages demon-
strated, a large number of persons will be eager to invest
their capital and industry in it, and the domestic competi-
tion thus produced, leading to improved processes and to
increased dexterity and skill, ultimately cheapens the arti-
cle. This effect, however, mUst be understood as predica-
ted only of such branches of industry as a country, in its
natural advantages or otherwise, possesses a decided apti-
tude for.
The remark just quoted of Adam Smith refers to the ul
timate effect which may be produced upon the price of par-
ticular articles by the operation of protective duties. Much
has been said in the course of this debate, Mrt President, as
to the more immediate effect of such duties upon prices. It
has been contended by some that these duties a.re in effect
paid by the producer, and do not enter into the price of the
article. On the other hand, the honorable senator from
South Carolina contends that they invariably enhance the
price of the article by the amount ol the duty imposed, and
are therefere paid by the consumer. A little investigation
will, I think, show that there is no invariable rule on the
subject, but that the duty is paid by the producer or the con-
umer, or divided between the two, (as often happens,) ac-
cording to the circumstances of each particular case. The
proposition that the duty is invariably paid by the consum-
er, in a corresponding increase oi the price .of the article,
evidently rests upon the assumption of tw© principles,
neither of which is universally true. The fiistof these
principles is, that the price of an article always corresponds
with the cost of production, or is barely sufficient to repay
the actual outlay (including oidinary profit) incurred in its
fabrication and preparation for market. If this were so,
then it is clear that the producer could not pay the duty,
for its payment would force him to quit his business. But
it is not true that the pricc of an article always corresponds
with the cost of production. Un the contrary, the cast of
production is, as Adam Smith says, only* "the central point
to which the .maiket price of commodities is continually
gravitating M But various circumstances conspire, in many
commodities, as -he satisfactorily shows, to keep up the
market price for a long time, (even for centuries, in some par-
ticular commodities,) much above the cost of production
in ail such cases, the producer may afford to pay the duty,
(if it should be necessary to do so in order to effect a ready
sale of his goods,) without being force*! to quit his business
The other principle assumed m the proposition, that the
consumer always pays the duty, is that there is a uni-
form level of profits in the various employments of capital
and industry, and therefore if the duty imposed upon a par-
ticular commodity were paid by the producer or dealer in
the article, it would reduce his profits below the general
level, and he would transfer his capital to some other em-
ployment, yielding him the general rate of profit.* But, in
point of fact, there is no such uniform level of profits in the
different employments of capital. There is, as Adam Smith
says, a constant"tcndcncy to equality, (rather than an actu-
al equality.) iu the aggregate advantage and disadvantages
of the various employments of stock and labor in the same
country. But thaUhere exist, in every countiy, very dif-
ferent rates of pecuniary profit, in different trades and occu-
pations, without occasioning any transference of capital or
labor from one to another, is a familiar fact, about which
theie can be no controversy. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. McDcfpip] himself, has slated the
various rates of profit in different occupations m this coun-
try, as ranging from 5 per cent,, \v hick he considers the
average rate of profit in farming and planting industry, to
12,50, 35, and even 40 per cent., which he mentions as dif-
ferent gradations of manufacturing profit. The rates of
profit, men, differing So widely in point of fact, in different
departments of industry, notwithstanding the general ten-
dency to approximation, the duties upon particular articles
in the more profitable branchos of trade, may often be paid,
wholly or in part, by the producer or the dealer in those
tranches, without occasioning any sensible transference of
capital from one employment to'another.
Whether the duty, then, falls upon the consumer or the
producer, or partly upon one and partly upon the other, will
depend, in each indhidual case, upon the previous elevation
of the price of the article and the rel <tne profitableness ol
the particular branch of industry or manufacture, combined
with the actual proportion between demand and supply in
the market at the time. There is so practical and common-
sense a view of this whole subject, in a work of high au-
thority, to which we never resort for instruction in vain,
that I am tempted to read it to the Senate, the more espe-
cially as my honorable friend from New Hampshire [Mr.
Woodbury] found it convenient, in quoting from the same
paper, to stop in the middle of a sentence, where I will now
take up and continue the quotation. The honorable senator
read a part of a paragraph fiom the 35th No. of the Federal-
ist, in which the writer, speaking of the evil effects of exor-
bitant duties, represents them as tending to produce smug-
gling, to render other classes tributary to manufactures, to
foice industry out of its natural channels, and finally, he
adds, "and, in the last place, they oppress the merchant.'5
Here, in the very middle of the sentence, the honorable sen-
ator came to a full stop, adding, See., &c. But the writer
proceeds—they oppress the merchant, "who is often obliged
to pay them himself, without any retribution from the con-
sumer. "When the demand is equal to the quantify of goods
at market, the consumer generully pays the duty; but when
the markets happen to be oveistocked, a great proportion
falls upon the merchant, and sometimes not only exhausts
his profits, but breaks in upon his capital. J am apt to think
that a division of the duty between the -tiler and the buyer
more often happens than is commonly imagined. It is not
always possible to raise the price of a commodity in exact
proportion to every additional imposition laid upon it. The
merchant, especially in a country of small commercial cap-
ital, is often under a necessity of keeping prices down, in
order to a more expeditious sale." "What the writer here
* This is the reasonfriff of R-icardo; but it is ably contro-
controverced by Say, both in his Traite and in hid Cours
4'economie politique, particularly the latter.
says of the merchant, is applicable rather to the producer,
the real and original seller of the commodity, and seives At
least to show that the burden of the duty does not exclu-
sively fall upon the consumer, as-is now contended.
While it is thus-established by the authority of the ablest
theoretical writers on political economy, as well as by the
wisdom of legislators and the practice of nations, that in
many cases duties may and ought to be imposed with a view
to the encouragement and protection of domestic industry
as well as revenue, a sound policy undoubtedly demands a
sober moderation in the imposition of these duties. In this,
as in other cases involving the wise direction of human pol-
icy and conduct, there is a middle line to be observed, on
either side of which is error; and to go beyond or fall short
of it is equally attended with evil consequences and injus-
tice—
"Est modus in rebus; sunt ccrti denique fines,
Quos ultra citraque nequit consistere rectum."
There may be an ultraism of restriction as well as a citra-
ism (if I may be allowed to coin a word from my.quotation)
of free trade. The aim of a wise policy should be to avoid
cither extreme, and to adjust the duties on foreign imports
so as not to give a monopoly either to the domestic producer
or to the importer, end here I will remark, Mr. President,
that a practical monopoly may result from the extravagance
of free trade as well as from violence of prohibition; for if
we expose the nascent efforts of the industry and genius of
our own countrymen to be overwhelmed in an unequal
struggle with the establishments of the Old World, we there-
by give as effectually a monopoly to the foreign manufac-
turer as by the prohibitory system it would be given to the
domestic producer. A sound policy- forbids both. Duties
upon importation should be so regulated as not to exclude
the foreign commodity., but to admit it on teuns which will
place thedomestic producer and the importer on a footing of
fair and equal competition. Competition is the true interest
of the manufacturer as well as the consumer. It is the nurse
of skill and excellence; the spur to industry, economy, and
improvement—giving steadiness of prices, and furnishing
the best security against revulsions which sometimes over-
whelm in utter rum the pampered-trades which rety too
muc"h on legislative protection. A judicious and rational
system of protection seeks to assist, not to force natuie.
"Where a country possesses aptitudes and facilities for par-
ticular branches of industry essential to the national pros-
perity or independence, such a sj stem draws them forth and
sustains them by suitable encouragements, but never bol-
sters up by the mere force of legislation—by premiums,
bounties, or other artificial stimulant*—undertakings lor
which nature has given no adequate capacity or advan-
tage.
Much en oi and prejudice, in my opinion, Mr. President,
have arisen among the sp'culatue minds of our country,
from confounding the rational and discriminative commer-
cial policy, which I have endeavored to describe, with the
antiquated barbarism and absurdities of the so called mer-
cantile system, against which the writings of Adam Smith
and the political philosophers of his school have been so
ably and so successfully directed. But no two things, in
my humble judgment, can be more distinct. The genius of
the mercantile system was artificial regulation, arbitrary
restraints, prohibition, monopoly, in all the pursuits of in-
dustiy and commerce. It hud its great impersonation in the
celebrated minister of Louis XIV, Colbert, whom Adam
Smith graphically describes as "a laborious and plodding
man of business,"'who had been accustomed to regulate,
with the most exact order, the various administrative bu-
reaus under his direction, and who "endeavored to regulate
the industry and commerce oi a great country upon the
&ame model as the departments of a public oftice." Carry-
ing this spirit of artificial regulation and restraint into the
commercial relations of France, he virtually prohibited, by
his tariff of f667, many of the most important foieign man-
ufactures which France had been mthe habit of impoiting.
In retaliation of this policy. England, a few ) cars after,
formally and absolutely prohibited the importation of
French goods, and at a later period, in the reign of William
III, renewed the prohibition, and declared, by act of Parlia-
ment, the trade with France to be a nuisance. Finally,
when this formal prohibition was withdrawn, a scale of
duties was substituted equivalent to prohibition—7o per
cent, being the lowest rate ol duty to which the greater
part of French goods were subjected. Here was an exem-
plification, un both sides, of that mercantile system, against
which the reasonings of Adam Smith were so powerfully
directed. If gentlemen will take the trouble to recur to his
remarks on the principles of that system, u hich it \s as the
chief object of his labors to expose and overthrow, they
will find he constantly describes it as having for its object
a "monopoly'' of the home market, and tor its means "pro-
hibition" of rival foieign commodities.
This system survived, in many of its arbitrary and vexa-
tious restrictions, down to a comparatively recent period in
England. Some curious and instructive evidences of it are
mentioned by Mr. Hus-kisson In his speech on commercial
reform, in 18-2/j, he says, "within my own lime, regulating
acts, deahngwith every minute process of the woollen man-
ufacture. have been repealed b) the score." and in his great
speech on the state of the country, m 1,"30, he sraj s: "Eixor
seven hundred statutes, passed for improving the commercc
and industry of the country, by a system of protection, pro-
hibition. restriction, and interference, have been repealed "
It was this antiquated and now exploded sjstem, asr?mst
which the writings ol political philosophers and the efforts
of enlightened legislators have been diiected, and justly and
properly directed, during the pact and present century Mr
Huskisson, the great commercial reformer of England, and
often held up as the champion of fiee trade, was not the
opponent of protection It was prohibition he opposed, and
to a great extent overthrew. In introducing the changes
"which he proposed and carried m the tariff' of KngUr-ri, in
\ he expres*]v declared th,"t the alterations he picposed
were in duties which he considered prohibitory; and ho ask-
ed support for his propositions only (to use his own woids)
"so far as they shall be found not inconsistent with the pro-
tection of our own industry,"" and -ub^equently, in IriSO, hr
energetically wpudwted the cognomen of free trade, as "un-
meaning and absurd" in its application to the system of mea-
sures which he had brought forward and triumphantly cai-
ried through. Moderate, judicious, discriminating protec-
tion, in connection with.revenue, and as contradistinguished
from prohibition, is that safe and practical line of^.policy to,
which the public opinion of this country is now rallying with
an. extraordinary and auspicious unanimity, f here have
been periods in our history when there have been strong
tendencies manifested even to a prohibitory policy. The le-
gislation of 1828 is how, by general consent, considered as
marking an era of that sort. But-that day is past, and the
honorable senator from New York, [Mr. Weight,] who ad-
dressed the. Senate-some days ago, might* therefore, have
spared himself the trouble of the ableand elaborate argument
he delivered against prohibition. Whoproposes ora&vocates
prohibition now? Certainly not my honorable friend- from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Bates,} nor my other honorable friend
the senator from Vermont, [Mr. Phelps,] among the most
zealous champions of the tariff of 1842, but who have expli-
citlydeclared that they ask no more protection to the agricul-
tuial and manufacturing industry ol their constituents than
will be yielded by such a revenue tariff", with fairand proper
discriminations, as maybe neCestary tor the wise and eco-
nomical administration and support of the government. The ■
same sentiment has had the sanction and concurrence of
other honorable senators from the same, quarter of the
Union, who- have borne prominent and distinguished parts
in this debate.
This brings me, Mr. President, to some observations on
the act of 1842; and, first,'to correct a very extraordinary
misconception as to the origin of that act. It has been very
generally treated by its adversaries, in the discussions
which have recently taken place, as a measure originating
in the policy of protection. But such is not the fact. The
public and well-known history of the measure proves that
its object was revenue, though, doubtless, intheadjustment
of its details, regard was paid to the interests of domestic
industry. For years, the current expenditures of the gov-
ernment had been permitted to exceed its current revenue;
and when the accumulation of former surpluses with which
the last administration commenced its career was exhaust-
ed, and the current revenue fell habitually short of the cur-
rent expenditure, instead of resorting to direct and proper
means of supplying the deficiency, that administration pre-
ferred relying upon the hollow and delusive expedient of
treasury notes. They thus passed the government into the
hands of their successors with a large accumulation of debt,
and with an established deficiency in the current resources
of the treasury to meet the current demands upon it. Du-
ring the last vear of that administration, (1S40.) the current
net revenue of the government was between thirteen and
fourteen millions of dollars, while its current expenditure
was between twenty-two and twenty-three millions. To fill
up so wide a gap between the income and expenses of the
government/as well as to provide for the payment of the
pubjic debt, those who succeeded to the management of
public affairs deemed irincumbent upon them, in the high
and honorable discharge of their duty to the country, to
raise additional revenue, by a fair and open resort to the
necessary means of doing it. For this purpose, a law was
passed, as senators v, ell recollect, during the called session
of 1841, laying duties upon various articles of foreign im-
port which had been previously free. The revenue, how-
ever, even with the aid of that act, still continuing entirely
inadequate to meet the demands upon the government for its
current service and the discharge of the public debt to-
gether, it became absolutely necessary to lay further duties
lor the support of the government. In this necessity the
act of 1842 had its origin; and if gentlemen will take the
trouble to recollect a little the contemporary history of the
measure, and especially to look at the able and lucid speech
of the honorable gentleman, then chairman of the commit-
tee of Ways and Means of the other House, [Mr. Fillmore,!
whose duty it was to introduce and explain the act, they will
see that its open, avowed, patent, and manifest object was
revenue, urgently called for to sustain the faith of the na-
tion, and to meet the v- ants of the public service. What-
ever may be the incidental operation of the act upon cer-
tain interests of domestic industry, and however its details
may h;we been adjusted with a view to that operation, it is
still undoubtedly true that the. primary and leading object
of the law was levenue.
While such was the object of the act, my apprehension at
the time, from the high rate of some of th6 duties, was,
that its practical effect would be to discourage importations
to such a degree as to reduce instead of augmenting the rev-
enue This opinion was founded upon well authenticated
data, derived from the financial experience of European
governments, in which it ha<l been often seen that an in-
crease ol duties, by diminishing consumption, lessened in-
stead of increasing revenue. The. result, however, has
shown that the expenence of Europe cannot be safely re-
lied on as furnishing conclusions applicable to the financial
condition and resources of America The means of con-
sumption possessed by the ipdustrious classes, who .consti-
tute the great mass of consumers everywhere, being far
more limited, from the stinted reward ot labor, in Europe
than m this country, any increase of duty which occasions
a sensible enhancement of price necessarily diminishes con-
sumption there, and is consequently often followed by a
diminution instead of an increase of revenue. But in the
United States, the more hbeial reward of labor and general
prosperity of the industrious classes, giving a much greater
ability to consume, an increase of duty, even when oitended
with a corresponding increase of price, seems to have but
little cfleet, comparauveh, upon actual consumption here.
Whatever be the true solution of the phenomenon, n must
be admitted that the operation of the act of 1842-upon the
foreign commerce and revenue of the country so far, has not
conformed to the conclusions which seemed fairly dedueible
from the financial experience oi Euiope. The foieign com-
merce of the countiy, notwithstanding the temporary de-
rangement manifested for the first six months after the pas-
sage oi the law, and which is satisfactorily accounted for
ty the uncertainty \\hich had prevailed in regard to the
final action of Congress upon the subject, is now in a
more -ugorous and ""flourishing state than it has been for
years, and the revenue from cubtoms, instead of falling off",
has increased from thirteen to seventeen millions in the
fhst year of tfr« operation of the act, and durinethe present
> ear'aecording to statements communicated by the Ti ^8sury
Department, w ill reach to twentj or perhaps twenty-five
millions.
