May, 1844;
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
I have now before me a comparative statement of the for-
eign commerce and revenue receipts of the port of Boston tor
the first quarter of 1843, and the corresponding quarter of
1844, which exhibits in so striking a point of view the pro-
gressive operation of the act ol l«42,in both of these respects,
that I cannot forbear to give the results of it to the Senate.
During the first quarter of 1843, when the effect of the act of
1842 had hardly begun to be felt, the number of ships from
foreign ports ar ived at Boston was I3S. During the first
€£*arcer of the present year, the number of foreign arrivals
there was 222, being an increase m a single quarter- of 84.
During the first quarter of 1©43, the revenue, received from
customs at Boston was $589,74U; the like revenue received
there during the first quarter oi the present year was $l,ol0,-
000, exhibiting an increase of revenue for a single quarter
oi $7220,259. From another statement I have in my posses-
sion, it appears that the revenue from customs received at
the port of New Jfork alone, during the first quarter of the
present year, was $$,731,540, exceeding the estimates in the
annual treasury report ofthe^gross receipts from all the cus-
tom-houses in the "Union during the first quarter oi the year.
So signal and decisive have been the actual results thus far
of the operation of the act of 184*2, upon the commerce and
revenue of the country T contrasted with -the apparently
well-founded conclusions derived from the experience of
other countries, under the innuence of which my vote was
recorded against its passage. It is the remark oi a celebra-
ted and proiound philosophical writer (Hume) that "it fre-
quently happens, in political institutions, that the conse-
quences of things are,diametrically opposite to what we
should expect on the first appearance." In nothing is this
so much the case, and, reasoning a prion, as little to be re-
lied on, or so liable to be contracted by results, as m the
complex-problems of tiade and finance; and I have lived
much too long, Mr. President, not to be sensible of the falli-
bility of human judgement, and to be prepared at all times
to surrender opinions to the demonstrations of experience.
While such has been the operation of the act ol 1842 upon
the revenue and foreign commerce of the nation, its effects
upon other connected interests have been alike propitious
and remarkable. The credit of the government, the entire
prostration of which, before the passage of the law, had
been a source of deep humiliation to e\ery American citi-
zen, has suddenly sprung up, as if touched" by the wand of
the enchanter, and is again the object of universal confi-
dence at home and abroad. Fnvate and individual-credit
has risen with it; and the slumbering spirit of American en-
terprise has once more waked up, as a $iant from his sleep.
Amid the general activity and animation in. all the pursuits
of the national industry, no interest is oppressed by the op-
eration of the law; for the veiy existence of the controver-
sy, which has been maintained with equal zeal and confi-
dence on both sides, in regard to prices, proves that there
cannot have been any material change m that respect one
waiy or the other. 11 some articles have risen m price, oth-
ers have fallen; and, in the general result, the interests of
the great body oi consumers remain unaffected. -
In this state of things, and when it is admitted on all
hands that ail the re\ enue which the tarilf established by
the act of 1842 is capable of yielding, Is Absolutely necessa-
ry at present, either iorthe current service ol the govern-
ment or for the discharge of the public engagements, shall
we wantonly interpose and ai rest it in the full tide of its
success, simply because it does not conform to the theories
of some gentlemen in regard to the true standard of reve-
nue duties, or that we may afford them the gratification of a
party triumph in the overthrow of a la w against which they
nave sworn a solemn vow of vengeance upon the altar of
their party allegiance7 For one, I cannot consent to do it.
The great public interests involved are vastly too impor-
tant to be made the sport of speculative theories or of legis-
lative canrice. If we look alone to the interests more im-
mediately concerned which have grown up to their present
magnitude under the fostering influence of that system of
law* of which the act oi 1842 lorms a part, we should sur-
vey the ground carefully when wo propose a fundamental
alteration in their provisions. The amount of capital in-
vested in the various branches of manufacturing industry-in
the United States, including mining and the mechanic arts,
does Hot at this moment probably fall short of four hundred
millioas of dollars; and the number of persons connected
with these pursuits, if we add to the operatives themselves
their families and their dependants, has been computed to
amount to about four - millions of the free population of
America. Where so large an amount of the national capi-
tal is involved, and the livelihood of so numerous and inte-
resting a portion of the population of the country may bo
compromised, it surely becomes us, as guardians of the na-
tional weal, looking to the interest of every part as redound-
ing to, and indissolubly connected with, the strength and
prosperity of the whole, to proceed with caution by the
clear lights of experience, and not to surrender ourselves
blindly to preoonceived and untested theories. In a voy-
age where the venture is so great, we should heave the
lead at every step of our progress. Let experience decide
the nature and extent of changes in the law, as changes
shall Irom time to time be shown to be necessary and expe-
dient, and then we may have the reasonable hope of cor-
reeling existing evils, without the danger of introducing
new and still greater ones.
There are those, I fear, Mr. President, who, in the heats
engendered in our political controversies, have come to re-
gard this great branch of the national industry and wealth
with aversion rather than favor. But a little reflection will
satisfy them that manufactures, with the extraordinary im-
provements of art introduced by the inventive genius of the
age, form a chief and most important element in the strength
and power of modern States. The effects of labor-saving
machinery in this department of human industry, in facili-
tating, cheapening, and augmenting production, have, with-
in the last naif century, made an almost magical addition to
the riches and financial sources of the nations most largely
engaged in manufactures. What but the wonderful de-
velopment of this new source of wealth and power in Eng
Jand during that eventful period enabled her to sustain, not
only without exhaustion but with undiminished prosperity,
especially in her great agricultural interest, the extraordina-
ry financial efforts called up in her mighty struggle with the
colossal power of Europe, consolidated and directed by the
independent genius and energy of Napoleon? On* of the
most enlightened of her statistical writers, in a very in-
structive work published a few years since, says, in refer-
ence to this" subject, "it is to the spinning jenny and the
steam engine that we must look as the true moving powers
of our fleets and armies, and as the chief support also of a
long-continued agricultural prosperity."*
We have a striking illustration of the creative powers of
the same species of Industry in adding to the mass of na-
tional wealth in the history of our own country since 1820.
In that year, according to the census returns, the gross an-
nual amount of manufactures produced in the United States
was $36,115,000. In 1840, their.net annual amount, after de-
ducting one-third of the gross amount 05 account of the
value of raw materials, was $239,836,224; thus exhibiting an
increase of more than six hundred per cent in twenty years,
without making any allowance for the difference between
gross and net value. An able and learned writer of my own
State, (Professor Tucker.) who has laid the whole country,
and especially its legislators and public men, under deep
obligation by his recent valuable work on its statistical his-
tory, has deduced, from a comparison of the data -furnished
by our census returns, the decennial rate of increase of the
national wealth in each of the great branches of national in-
dustry in the United States. He shows the average decen-
nial increase of wealth in those various branches for the
last fifty years to have been about fifty per cent, while the"
increase in manufactures for each term of ten years since
182U has been at the extraordinary rate of two hundred and
eighty-four per cent., according to the data which he con-
siders safest for a comparative estimate. There is one cri-
terion susceptible of precise ascertainment which seems
fully to sustain this estimate, surprising as it is in its results.
I refer to the exports of domestic manufactures, which in
1820 were $2,342,000; in 1840, $12,808840; and in 1841,
$13,523,071; being an increase of more than six-fold in
twenty-one years, while 110 other class of domestic exports
has even doubled in the same period.
Every person, Mr. President, must perceive at once the
immense benefits resulting from this rapid growth of the
manufacturing wealth and industry of the country to all the
other greater branches of American enterprise—to ourcom-
merce, to our navigation, to our agriculture We have just
seen, sir, how strikingly it has already fulfilled the antici-
pation expressed by TVir. Madison in his memorable message
of December, 1815, that it would "become, at an early day,
not only a source of domestic wealth but of external com-
merpe " Its contributions to the foreign commercc of the
country will become daily greater and greater, as the rapid
improvement in the bkill of our artisans and the superiority
of their fabrics become more and more known. But it is m
furnishing exchanges for the vast interior commerce of our
own county, through the multiplied channels of intercourse
along our Takes, our rivers, our canals, our railroads, and our
seacoast, that its great importance to the co.nmercial and
navigating interests of the country is chiefly seen and felt.
1 have been so much struck with a statement on this sub-
ject, contained in a recent public letter of an able and distin-
guished gentleman (Mr. Nathan Appleton, of Boston) with
whom 1 have had the honor of being associated in the public
service here, and whose high personal character and accu-
rate practical information arc known to all, that I take the
liberty to read it to the Senate:
"The trade,"' fays Mr. Appleton, "between Boston and
New Orleans employ? a greater amount of tonnage than that
between New "iork and Liverpool ever did Upwards of
fifty square-rigged vessels of the larger class have arrived
at this port during the sixty days of February and March,
one half of their cargoes at least cpnsistmg of the produce
of the valley of the Ohio This trade "is the result of the
protective system How could we take their beef, pork,
fiour, lard, and wool, if they did not take our calicoes, cot-
tons, cabinet wares, shoes, and other notions ry
Let us glance for a moment at the advantages flowing
from this great development of the manufacturing industry
of the country to the most important of our interests—the
nursing mother of all the rest—our agriculture. It is manu-
factures. Mr. President, which create the chief demand for
the produce of agriculture, either as subsistence for tho«,e
employed in them, or as raw materials for the fabrics
wrought.by them. Hence it has grown into an axiom of
political economy that "flourishing manufactures and com-
merce are indispensable to a flourishing agriculture;'1 and I
cannot agree, Mr. President, with the honorable senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. McDitfik,] that Manchester, Bir-
mingham, and Leeds are our natural markets for the con-
sumption cf our produce or the supply of our wants. On
the contrary, the great oracle so often invoked b\ those
who belong to the same school ot economical sciencc and
policy as the honorable senator, expressly declares that
"every country is necessarily the best and most extensive
market for the'greater part ol the productions of us own in-
dustry .'"f if this be true of countries in general, how em-
phatically true is it of a country of such vast extent and of
such diversified productions andiforms of industry as the
United States? Jt is only necessaiy to recollect that cotton
i^ not the only, or indeed the chief agricultural production
of the United States, to be convinced that American agricul-
ture must ever find the most important market for the mass
nf its productions at home, and in the diversified employ-
ments of our own citizens. In saying this, I am far from in-
tending to depreciate the great importance of foreign com-
merce, whether m its moral and political influences, or in
its positive results. On the contrary T heartily assent to all
that the honorable senator so eloquently said m regard to it;
and f wish to see it expand and flourish, as I believe it is
destined to do, hand in hand with that great interior com-
merce which must ever remain by far the greater interest,
both in the inappreciable extent of its numberless opeu-
tions, (which the imagination can hardly embrace, and
which no power of figures can estimate in a country like
ours,) and in the surpassing importance of its benefits to the
nation.
It is (teeply to be regretted that, in the administrative or-
gani7ation of the government, no provision has yet been
made for collecting such data as might enable us to form
some approximative idea of the vast extent and importance
'Porter's Progress of the Nation, vol. 1, p. 1SS.
7 Adam Smith's Wealth of Nations, B. v. ch 2.
of pur interior trade. I hope ft will not be long before this
defect shall be supplied. In the absence of any official re-
turns, my attention has been drawn to such estimates as
have been framed for separate portions of the Union by m-
mvidual industry "and intelligence. Among these 1 find a
table annexed to a report recently submitted to the* House
of Representatives from its Committee on Manufactures,
containing an estimate of the agricultural products of other
States annually consumed for subsistence or manufacture in
the State of Massachusetts. These products consist of cot-
ton, flour, Indian corn, beef, pork, bacon, hides, leather, to-
bacco, and numerous other articles of agricultural" produce,
the growth of other States of the Union, annually imported
' into Massachusetts, and amounting in the aggregate to
$40,741,150. This estimate for a single State may serve as a
sample to give us some idea of the extent to which the ag-
ricuiturarstates of the West and -South find a market for
their various productions in. the manufacturing States of the
East and North. But of the intimate conncction and mu-
tual dependence wh'ch bind,together all the great branches
of national industry—agriculture, manufactures, commerce,
and navigation—no proofs in detail can be needed. You
cannot wound one .without inflicting an injury on the rest;
and any sudden innovation in the laws to which the manu-
facturing industry of the country owes its present prosper-
ity would give a sympathetic shock to every other interest
and pursuit, while at the same time it would derange the
finances and endanger the credit of the govei nment.
Having thus stated tho* considerations which determine
my judgment against any disturbance at present of the act
ol 1342, I might here close my remarks. But, having ob-
served, with deep regret, the marked antagonism in which
two of the most distinguished States of this confederacy—
South Carolina and ivi assachusetts—have been constantly
placed towards each other, and the sharp words of recrimi-
nation and complaint exchanged between them during the
progress of this debate, in regard to interests peculiarly
cherished by oach, I have supposed it might not be without
its use, in moderating the violence of these collisions", to re-
call the solemn compact entere 1 into directly and particu-
larly by these two States in. the adjustment of those parts of
the "constitution under which the interests alluded to have
respectively grown up. I know, Mr President, the dangers
which attend the office of mediator in family quarrels; but
the pie«e of constitutional history to which 1 reler is in it-
self so curious and instructive, and inculcates, through the
remembrance of the past, so just a lesson of mutual for-
bearance and moderation, that I trust to be excused for en.
tenng into some development of it.
By' the first draft of the constitution, as it came from
the hands of the committee of detail in the convention, Con-
gress was invested with the general power to "regulate
commerce with foreign nations and among the several
States." Out of the generality of this grant, however, cer-
tain exceptions were made and restrictions imposed by two
subsequent sections of the instrument. By the first of the°c
sections (4th sec art. 7) it was declared that "no tax or duty
shall be laid on articles exported from any State, nor on the
migration or importation of such persons as the several
States shall think proper to -admit; nor shall such migration
or importation be prohibited."' This secured to such of the
States as desired i^ the unlimited privilege of importing
slaves, free from any control of Congress. By the other
section referred to, (6th sec. art 7.) it was provided that "no
navigation act sholl bo passed without the assent of two-
thirds of the members present in each House. 1 his put it
out of the powerof a mere majority of the two Houses of
Congress to pass navigation law s, in which the eastern and
northern States were particularly interested. In this "state
of things, Luther Martin, of Mar} land, moved to amend the
first of the abovementioned sections. ' so as to allow prohi-
brtion or tax on the importation of slaves." This-nolion
aroused an earnest opposition and resistance on the part of
the delegates of Soutn Carolina and Georgia, who declared
that their States would not come into the Union with a pro-
hibition or restriction m the constitution on the privilege of
importing slaves. A warm debate arose on the subject,
winch terminated in a commitment of this section to a com-
mittee of one member from each State, and on the sugges-
tion of Mr. Gouverneur ilorris, the other section, iequnng
a two-thirds vote for the passage of a navigation act, was
also committed to the same committee. He is reported, in
Mr. Madison's-Debatps of the convention, to have said, very
significantly, in submitting" his suggestion to refer the two
sections to the same committee: "Ihese things may form a
bargain between the northern and southern States."
Here, tb^n, we have the germ of the bargain which was
afu-rwards formally concluded. The committee to which
the two sections were committed reported to strike out the
first of the sections as it originally stood, and to insert "that
the migration or importation of such persons as the several
States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be
prohibited prior to"the year 1800, but a tax or duty may be
•imposed on such migration or importation at a rate not ex-
ceeding the average of the duties liid on imports;'5 and they
recommended at the same time that the other section, re-
straining the passage of navigation law s except by a vote of
two-thirds of tfeth Houses, "be stricken out. When the re-
port of the comm ttee was taken up for consideration, Gen.
Pincknev, of South Carolina, moved to stnke out the words
"the jear 1800,v as tfcfe year limiting the importation of
slaves, and to insert "the) ear 1808."' Mr Gorham, of Mas-
sachusetts, seconded the motion It was opposed by Mr.
Madison, who declared that the term of twenty yca*s from
the adoption of the constitution, thus asked, for the privilege
of importing slaves, uouM produce all the mischiefs of an
unlimited liberty to import them. The motion was, never-
theless. carried in the affirmative, the three New England
States, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Connecticut,
voting with South Carolina, Georgia, >orth Carolina, and
Maryland, for it, and the three middle States, Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, and Delaware, voting with Virginia against it.
Thus was consummated the first part of the bargain which
secured to the extreme southern States (for "Virginia and
Maryland had long since prohibited the importation by their
own laws) the privilege ol importing slaves for the term of
twenty years.
It then remained to confirm the other part of the bargain
which was to enure to the benefit of the eastern States.
When that part of the report recommending the striking out
