May, 1844.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO 1THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
The Tariff—Mr. Pollock.
H. of, Keps.
ruin the country—destroy the revenue—increase the price
of the necessaues of life—and reduce the value of our own
productioas. Have their predictions been realized? They
haye most signally failed; and instead of the evils so conn-
* dently predicted, the re-establishment of the policy of .pro-
tection has given a new impetus to the business of the
country, and we are now on the high road to prosperity and
But, sir, it is said we were in a state of returning prosper-
ity before the passage of the act of 1842; awl, in proof of this
positron, are referred to the amountof exports in 1840, which
exceeded the imports by nearly $24,000,000. This is true,
and forms an exception to the general principle-for which
we contend, yet, even in this case', the exception proves the
rule. The excess of exports for that year was not owing so
much to their actual increase, as'to the great reduction of
imports during that period. -."The increase of exports in 1840
over the previous year was about $10,500,000—while the im-
ports fell short of the year beftfre nearly $55,000,000. Now,
sir, what causes were in operation to produce such results?
At that time we were indebted to Europe in sum nearly
equal to $250,000,000—our credit abroad was destroyed,
and we had not, the means of payment at home.
Under: -this .condition of things,- the " English mer-
chants,. unWillin^ to risk their merchandise in the hands of
a bankrupt peopie, abandoned, in a great degree, the Amer-
ican market; and, consequently, importations decreased.
Our want of credit, and inability to pay, acted as a system
of protection, and were the means of excluding millions of
foreign goods from pur market. On the other hand, being
largely indebted,- every exertion was made by our mer-
chants to meet their liabilities, and the greater proportion
of the £x>ports_of-that year were applied to pay the existing
deb.t. No part of the $24,000,000 was returned to us in spe-
cie,,but was retained in Europe to pay for goods previously
purchasecU-the Consumption,of which benefited no one but
the: English -manufacturer. Thus it will be seen, that the
excess, of exports in 1841 was no evidence of our prosperity;
we-ha<i been buying more than we sold, and more than we
could pay lor; and were now trying to pay off "old scores."
The--nation had been" acting the spendthrift, and was com-
pelled- to retrench, to meet the extravagance of former
years. '
1 have already referred to the extensive iron and coal
fields of the district I represent, and the adjoining district.
Many furnaces have been erected, and were in successful
operation whilst this branch of our interests received the
protection of government. Under the declining duties of
the act of 1833, they were .compelled to suspend operations
—their^fires were extinguished—the ore remained undis-
turt)fcd'in its mountain- bed—the laborers -were discharged,
and their dependent families exposed to privation and want
—gloom and despondency succeeded the noise and cheer-
fulness of active industry. But, sir, the scene has changed.
The act of 1842 has relighted-their fires, and the beneficent
effects of the existing tariff will be needed hut little longer
to putin motion those not yet m operation. Our manufac-
turers are awaiting with intense interest the action of the
present Congress *on this subject. Reduce the duties on
iron, ,ag proposed by the bill now before us, and you destroy
the protection necessarily required to sustain tuein—strike
them off, and these establishments must fall.
It has been erroneously stated in this debate, that no rail-
road iron was, or could be, made in I vnnsylvama. This
might have been true six months ago; but, within that time,
rolling mills have been erected almost exclusively for its
manufacture. ' s
Mr.'jjiDbACK (Mr. P. ^yielding the floor) said "there had
been ^recently established, in the town where he resided, the
largest rolling jnill iir the TTnlted States, and he was credibly
informed, the" largest in the world; and he had no doubt
the mills already established, and to be established, would
be adequate to the supply of any demand that might be made
upon them." '
I-have no doubt, Mr. Chairman, that railroad iron will be
extensively manufactured, and in quantities sufficient to
meet every demand, for the enterprise of our manufacturers
knows no bound. The pnee is even now much diminished,
and with a duty of ■ $2/5 per ton, can be purchased for-less
than the duty, added to the cost of production in England.
This shows conclusively that high duties do not always
make high prices; but, on the contrary, they tend to dimm-
ish them, .by reducing the profit of the foreign manufac-
turer. The history of this branch of the iron trade for the
last fifteen.years, proves the truth of this proposition, and
shows that when the British manufacturer enters our ports,
free of duty, he charges i profit equal and sometimes great-
er than the present duty, but under a system of high duties
he abandons his prohts, and often ?ells at a loss, in order to
retain the American market. But why discriminate in favoi
of railroad iron, as is proposed by this bill, by reducing the
duty from $25 to $10 per" ton? Corpoiations almost exclu-
clusively use itj and strange it is that the democracy of this
House,who have heretofore exhibited such holy horror of
corporation1?, should now be in favor of extending to them
peculiar privileges. ' If low duties make low" prices, as is
sdid here, then, sir, we die bound to reduce the duty on all
kinds of iron, that the peopie may enjoy this advantage in
common with the "privileged few.'5
This bill also proposes to reduce the duty on coal from
one dollar and seventy-five cents to one dollar per ton. Who
would be benefited by this reduction? Not the consumer,
for the price he pays now for the article is less than when
the duty was lower; not the American operator, not the
miner and laborer, whose interests we are required to pro-
tect. Every dollar taken from the present duty is so much
taken from-their pockets and given to the British coal deal-
er. • About one million and a half" of tons of coal were
mined in Pennsylvania last year. Now, take from this
amount seventy-five cents per ton, and v e have a clear loss
to Pennsylvania of $1,125,000—a sum principally taken from
the miner and laborer.
Now, sir, when it is known that for everj- ton of coal
mined there is consumed at least twenty-five cents in value
of our agricultural productions, and perhaps a greater
amount, we may see the effect this" reduction of duty will
have upon our farmers. Our interests ^e so intimately
blended and dependent, that when we cease to protect one,
we injure all, The same is true of irou manufactured in the
Suited Status, fpr «v ry ton of bar iron pia-lis, there con-
sumed twenty-six dolled* worth of agricultural productions,
according to the estimate of those familiar with this branch
of trade;, and the whole amount consumed in the United
States, in the manufacture of iron, is upwaids of $9,000,000
—treating a valuable home market for the surplus produc-
tions of our farms.
In addition to the iron made at home, we imported, tlnring
the last twenty'years, nearly 560,000,tons of railroad iron
alone; .calculating $26 per ton. we have the large sum of
$14,560,000 of agricultural productions, supplied by the for-
eign farmer to the foreign manufacturer ot iron; the whole
' Of -which was used by railroad companies in the United
States,' Had-this iron been made here, as it could have
been with proper protection, it would have given employ-
ment to our own manufacturers—created a market for the
products of our farms to that amount—and benefiting
the farmer and mechanic, would have saved the export
of this large sum in specie.- Why, then, will we tamper
with and destroy these interests? "Why legislate against
the American manufacturer, farmer, and laborer? Had this
bill, now under discussion, bqen reported by a committee
of the British Parliament, it could not have been more
v, isel'y framed to advance the interests of the English and
foreign manufacturers: As the representative of the jron,
the coal, and the agricultural interests of my district, I pro-
test against any alteration of the 'present lawv-interests
that, under the fosteringcare of wise and permanent legis.
lation, will, m less than half a century, rival in-extent and
value the great staples of the South. 'Ihe value of Our
hills, oar mountains, and our plains, cannot be told. Fu-
ture ages may and will develop their resources, but time
can neverexhaust them.
I am also opposed to this bill because it is inconsistent
with-itself—because it will be injurious to the revenues, of
the country—and because its discriminations are against
the American manufacturer. "We have seen the effect of
low duties upon the revenue. In 1812, the estimated defi-
ciency was $14,000,000. Government stock was below pgr,
and new loans on the credit of the nation could .not be ne-
gotiated. To meet the wants of the government, to sustain
the credit of the nation, to pay and extinguish the increas-
ing public debt, and to protect the countiy and its interests,
the act of 1842 was passed; and, sir, it has accomplished all
these objects.
It had been asserted, by those opposed to the act of 1842,
that it would prohibit importations; that, in consequence of
its prohibitory character, the revenue would not be suffi-
cient to mecSt the current dxj^enses; that we would be forced
to resbrt to hew loan?; and, in fine, that the nation would
become bankrupt To prevent these evils, the present bHl
was brought forward, and we were told it was a measure
intended to increase the revenue.
But now, when the astounding fact is made known that
the revenues have been constantly and rapidly increasing
under the act of 1S42—that they will not only be sufficient
-for the ordinary expenses of government, but also, in a
short time, for the payment of^the existing debt,—we are
gravely told by the friends of the bill,' that it is now neces-
sary to pass ,it to decrease the revenue; that if the revenue*
mcicase as they have done, there will be a -surplus in-the •
treasury, and then will follow the "odious and unconstitu-
tional" distribution of this surplus among the States. This
bill is a rare specimen of political quaakery—as wonderful
in its operations as many of the "patem nostrums" of the
present age It is a species of patent revenue pill, which
possesses the rare virtue of woiking both ways with equal
facility.
To show the absurdity of the position that a reduction of
duties will increase the revenue,1 we need only refer to the
y ears 1840,1841,.and 1842, during which time, under the de-
clining duties of the compromise act; the revenue fell off
and became altogether inadequate for the support of govern-
ment.
Under the act of 1842, the revenue received at Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, during the months
of January and February, for the three years past, is as fol-
lows: -
Boston,
New York,
Philadelphia,
Baltimore,
January and
Feb 1812.
$42o,r>Io
i,6->*on
245,144
123,378
January and
Feb. ib45>.
$310,10tf
1,040 271
182,117
21,5(32
January and
Feb.1844.
*842,473
4 045,724
320,358
152,912
$2',421,848 $1,554,118 $5,361,467
From the above table, t:tken Irom official sources, it
will be seen that the revenue in four ports alone, during the
months of January and February, amounted to nearly five
and a half millions being more than three times as much
as was collected in those ports during the same months in
1843, and more than twice as much as collected in January
and February, 1842 The returns tor the months of March
xand April ol the present year exhibit a still further increase
in our revenues, and give ihe assurance that, under the
tariff of 1842, they will be more than sufficient for the wants
of the government.
The proposed bill, as we have said, discriminates against
the American manufacturer. Take, for example, the article
of coarse wool.^ The bill provides "that on all coarse un-
manufactured wool, the value whereof at tne last port or
place whence exported to the United States, shall be 7
cents or under per pound, there shall be levied a duty of 15
per cent, ad valorem, 6tc.; and on all other wool 30 per cent,
ad valorem;'" "on all woollen blankets, (manufactured from
the coarse \\ ool.) the actual value of which, at the place
whence exported, shall not exceed 7o cents each, ihere shall
be levied a duty of 10 per cent, ad valorem," kc Here,
then, Mr. Chairman, v>e have the raw material pacing a
duty of 15 per cent, whilst articles manufactured from this
coarse wool pay a duty of but 10 per cent —an actual dis-
crimination in favoi of the foreign manufacturer of 5 pel*
cent. The effect of thi& would be to prevent the importa-
tion of law wool as such, and encouiasce the intioduct'on
of the manufactured fabric, which would be admitted at a
duty of 5 percent, less than the wool itself from which it is
maAe. Our manufacturers being required to pay 15 per
cant, for the raw material, which is ail imported, would be
compelled to abandon the manufacture of this description of
good?, for xbey could r.ot compete with the foreign im*
pari**, who pays 'mi 10 cent, on the nmgufKturfJ ar-
ticle. "Who cannot see the inconsistency and injustice of
tins provision?—the utter absurdity <5f imposing high duties
on the raw material, whilst articles manufactured therefrom
are admitted at a lower, or, jf you please, free of, duty; for
the principled the same.
This, sir, is a specimen of the "incidental protection"
which this bill xvould afibitl should it bfecome &, law- Inci-
dental protection! "Wotfld it not be better to call itr "acci-
dental protection"?" for in no possibility, except by taerS
accident, would this bill afford any protection:
This^is not the only example of discrimination furnishfed
by the bill 0>n" ail milled or fulled cloth, known ,by. the
nameoff plains,-kerseys, or Kendall cottons, of which Wbttl
shall-he the only material, a duty of 20 per cfent. is chargpflj
while the raw wool is taxed 30 per cent. -So to'ith every-de*
scription of woollen or worsted hosiery, stockings, socks,
drawers, shirts, mits, caps, bindings, &c., which are charged
20 per cent., and the raw. material 30 per cent. Woollen
yarn is taxed 25 percent. This is the protection and dis-
crimination of the friends of free trade and revenue duties—
all in favor of the British and against the American maiiu-
facturer. We have, m this example, a regular system of
graduated discriminations—the raw material30 percent.;
if made into woollen yarn, 25 per cent.; and if raanuiactured
into stocking's, cloths, mits, or shirts, '20 per cent. Will the
foreign importer send the raw- wool here, or would the
American manufacturer purchase it, paying a duty of 30 per
cent., when the same wool, in a different form, madft -ilito
cloth, &c., will be admitted into the United States at aduty
of 20 per cent, ad valorem? The foreign manufacturer and
wool grower, in addition to the profits of making cloth,
\Vd*ld save 10 percent, by sendipg the wool manufactured
into our markets. This kind of discrimination is destruc-
tive both to the wool grower and manufacturer. Protection
to wool is merely nominal, so long as articles manufactured
therefrom are admitted at lower duties than those imposed
on the raw material. Could British legislation be more fa-
vorable to British interests7
The same observations will apply to articles'manufactur-
ed from iron. The duty on bar ana rolled iron, at the specific
rates fixed by the present bill, would be equivalent to 76
percent, ad valorem; while the duties on all the various
manufactures from these materials are 25 per cent, ad va-
lorem. "Wires, sciewb, Imtts, hammers, nulls, saws, spikes,
chains. &c , are admitted at 25 per cent! the raw material at
75 per cent! Can it be that our workers in iron could sus-
tain themselves under such a system?—a discriminating du-
ty in favor of the British manufacturer of 50 per cent! What
an inducement would be held out here by an American Con-
gress, to the British manufacturer, to glut our market with
his wares, and destroy our manufactures of iron? Butt
hinges, screws, and every description of ironmongery, are
extensively manufactured in the United States. Pass the bill,
and this branch of-American industry will fall, withered
and blasted. Pass this "bill, and the "foreign importer, by
changing the form of his iron, will laugh at your duties, and
despise your tariffs. In vain do you protect the great iron
interests of the country, if you destroy the demand at home
by the cheap importation of all articles made from iron. The
tariff of 1842 imposes a duty on loreign wheat of 25 cents
per bushel. Now, what protection would th,at afford to the
American farmer, if Congress admitted flour free ol duty?
The mere statement of the proposition prove* its folly and
absurdity. Yet such is the legislation attempted to be
forced upon the country, by men professing to be, "demo-
crats." Strange derrocracy this, truly '.
Upon an examination of the whole bill, as reported by the
committee—the reductions it proposes-on all articles made
of cotton, wool, silk, Hour, hemp, iron, brass, India rubber,
and leather, itwould seem that the committee designed to
protect and benefit the foreign mechanic; leaving our own
laborers and mechanics to take care ol themselves. We are
informed by our free trade friends that foreign labor ar-d
capital are cheap—that their goods are cheap—and that it
would be to the interest of our farmers and mechanics to
buy where they can buy cheapest. But, sir, will they be
pleased to tell us, after destroying the trade and business of
oui mechanics, and turning the laboring mm out of em-
ployment, andinjuring all the industrial classes of the com-
munity, where they can obtain the means with which to
purchase the cheap goods of England? It is adding insult
to injury to talk to the laboring man about the cheap pro-
ductions of foreign countries, while you, by your miserable
policy, are robbing him "of his last farthing. "We have heard
much sympathy expressed during.this debate for the labor-
ing man—much commiseration for the poor man. They re-
quire something more tangible than pity. Legislate to .give
employment to labor—to encourage home industry, and not
to destroj it—give to labor its reward, and th- y will no
longer need your sympathy.
7he principal advantage of England over the United
States is the cheapness of capital and labor; and to compete
successfully with her, without protection, we must reduce
the washes of labor to her standard. Disguise it as they
may, tins is the principle of free trade and low duties; for
these, in their turn, make cheap goods. Are our American
laborers prepared to take their stand, side by side, with the
pauper laborer of Kurope ? Are they willing to expend their
time and strength for ten cents per day? No; and never
will 1 e. Protection is the friend of the working mar.—it
gi\eis him employment, good wages, clothes his family, and
filK his Lome with plenty and peace
It is objected to the system of protection that high duties
make high prices, that the duty is paid by the consumer,
and becomes .a tax upon the labor and industry of the coun-
try. If it is a, tax it is a voluntary one. and is always paid
cheerfully But tkesQ; objections are false in fact, although
attempted to be sustained by "theories 8iul abstractions.*
Prices of all commodities have never been lower than since
the passage of theact of 1842, and the terdency of protective
duties is to lower the price of all articles protected, and
winch come in competition with foreign productions. Not
that high duties •operate directly upon prices, but indirect-
ly, by encouraging competition and stimulating production
a't home, destroying monopolies and opposingloreign com-
binations and conspiracies to keep up the price. Competi-
tion is the hie of trade. It leads to tne investment of capi-
tal, increases the number of manufactures, and also the sup-
ply a<?ce©s.ary for the demands of the people. Price is regu 
yriaeipsij}' hv t)y l*w ot supply Avv
