APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
Feb. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Huntington.
Senate.
nue, if the object is not evidently to make a protective taiifF
for a small portion of our citizens, and this to the great in-
jury of the farmers. He appears to have in this matter a
great regard for the agriculturists. If his principles of free
trade were to prevail, they would have no protection, but
little employment, and a very limited market. I will ex-
amine the specifications which are set forth in support
of this proposition. The first article named is hides. The
senator says imported hides pay only five por cent.
<which is nominal,) while manufactured leather im-
ported pays 35 per cent.; and he inquires, why is not
the farmer protected equally with the tanner by a
similar duty? The reply to this question is two-fold:
first, if the former does not wish to sell his hides, but to have
them manufactured into leather, the duty on the latter does
not prejudice him; it does not increase the price of the
leather which has been made for him: second, tne low duty
on the raw material enables him to buy all the varieties of
the manufactures of leather at a cheaper rate than if the duty
were higher, and gives him a market for his bark, which he
can sell to the tanner who prepares the raw hide for use.
And this furnishes a beautiful illustration of the mutual de-
pendence of the different employments of human labor on
each other. Divine Providence has, with infinite wisdom,
created a mutual dependence between all the members of
the human family. While we depend on him "for life, and
breath, and all tilings," we are dependent on each other. No
one can say he is independent of the rest of the world. This
dependence extends to the supply of our every want. The
diversity of employment creates the necessity and furnishes
the means for this supply from each other. The farmer who
raises wheat to sell, depends on the mechanic for the leather,
in all its varieties, which he uses. The tanner does not grow
wheat, but depends on the farmer to furnish it. Now the
latter, by employing the leather manufacturer, enables him
to provide means to purchase grain; and this purchase en-
ables the farmer to buy the leather. The product of the in-
dustry of each is that which enables each to live by the mu-
tual exchange of it, when, if neither was protected in his la-
bor against foreign competition, neither would be enabled
to purchase at all. So, also, in the duties assessed on these
articles is readily seen the advantage of the discriminating
duty. The farmer who has hides to sell, even if the price
would be increased by increasing the duty, loses all, and
more than all, the benefit of duty in the increased price
which he gives for the manufactured article. If the raw ma-
terial is free, or nearly so, the article made from it is exon-
erated from the duty, and the consumer has the benefit of it.
The same answers may be given to the article of linseed
mentioned by the senator, wool also was specified; and he
said that the cheap wool was charged with a duty of five per
cent, only, while woollen goods were charged with a high
duty; and thus the farmer gets no protection, while he is
heavily taxed for the benefit of the manufacturer. I need
jiot consume time in replying to this argument. It is obvi-
OUS that a duty en this cheap wool would not benefit the
farmer, because he raise? none of it; and if he did, he, and
especially all poor men, have the benefit of purchasing the
manufactures of this article, such as coarse blankets, coarse
cloths, &c., at a reduced price, in consequence of the exemp-
tion from duty of the raw material The article of raw silk
and its manufactures, of brass and its manufactures, hemp
and its manufacture, with the different duties on them, were
also referred to. The same answer may be given in respect
to them all; and I venture to say that the farmers of this coun-
try would not feel much indebted to that statesman, nor con-
sider that he had much real regard for their interests, who
should recommend an increased duty on raw hides, raw silk,
or brass. The senator also mentioned rags and paper, by way
of contrast. It would probably be a new thing under the
sun to frame a revenue bill to encourage the increase of
rag?. The farmer has not, I believe, presented any petition
for that, and by the encouragement to our paper manufac-
tures we have given employment to an immense capital, to
thousands and thousands of lahorers, and been furnished
with an article' cheaper and better than would be imported.
There is no portion of human labor benefited by the tariff
act which is more meritorious and more beneficial to the
country generally, in proportion to its numbers and in re-
gard to the nature of the employment, than that which is
employed in the manufacture of paper.
The senator says, it if true that, by the act of 184-2, certain
agricultural productions are charged with a heavy duty; but
it is really only matter of show, not of substance; that prac-
tically they are not protected, because, without the duty
there would be do competition. Will the farmer concur in
this opinion? Will he readily admit that the duties on the
important agricultural staples, such as beef and pork, two
cents per pound; lard and bacon, three cents; butter, five
cents; cheese, nine cents; wheat, twenty-five cents per
bushel; wool, thirty per cent, and three cents per pound;
cotton, three cents; wheat fiour, seventy-five cents for one
hundred and twelve pounds, &c. rangmg from twenty-five to
one hundred and forty or one hundred and fifty per cent., are
of n<J benenfit to him'* Is the duty of ten cents per bushel on
potatoes no protection to the farmers of Maine and other
States? What would they say if they were admitted free of.
duty from Nova Scotia and Cenada7 In 1834 we imported
more than forty-one thousand bushels; in 183S over fifty-
sour thousand; in 1S29 over one hundred and ninety-six
thousand; in J842 oyer eigfcty-six thousand—the whole val-
ued at more than $157,009. What would have been the im-
portation, what would it be now, if there were no duty, ora
nominal one onlyi The benefit to the farmer, however, is
principally collateral, and consists in this, that it furnishes
him with a market for his produce, which would Qthprwise
be unsaleable. Every farmer knows this. Those in the
West are not ignorant <J( this great truth. But I intend to
refer hereafter more particularly to this important topic.
The senator having disposed of the first proposition, pro-
ceeded to the second, which was, that the act of 184a, being
a bill for protection, was opposed to the spirit of the consti-
tution, which (heaffirms) authorizes the imposition of duties
on imports for revenue only. In support of this doctrine he
urges the following considerations: The framers of the con-
stitution and of the early revenue bills had no eye to protec-
tion, unless it was merely incidental; as in the preamble to
the act of 1789, the duties in which ranged only from five
to seven per cent.; and the opinion of Doctor Franklin is
^ited in support of this argument. And is it iodeed so?
Have we foigotten, Mi. President, the early history of our
government1* Is it not full of information on this subject?
Is anything settled on a firmer basis, or proved by more
conclusive evidence, than the doctrine of protection to
American industry and productions, as affirmed, maintained,
and practically carried out by the statesmen of former
days? Haye we forgottonthe reports of heads of depart-
ments, of committees of both Houses of Congress, recom-
mendations of Presidents, opinions of the distinguished
men of all parties, acts of Congress? Indeed, do we not all
know that it is only within a few years, comparatively, that
this doctrine has been denied? Did not its assertion and its
operation in the forms of law, atone period, compel our
northern people to sacrifice their commercial capital, and
abandon their commercial pursuits, and resort to the em-
ployment of manufacturing and the mechanic trades, that
they might be able to earn their daily bread? And was this
protection less constitutional than that which is advocated
at the present day?
Mr Hamilton, when Secretary of the Treasury, in his re-
port in 1791, recommends to the patronage of the govern-
ment manufacturing pursuits in a most powerful argument,
which embodies the reasons for their encouragement. It
will richly repay a perusal by all who are called to legis-
late, and by all whom legislation affects.
The records of Congress are full of reports sustaining
the policy of protection, presented by committees composed
of the most distinguished men then living. I will advert to
one or two of them: they are specimens of many others.
In 1792 a report was made on the manufactures of leather, in
which it is declared that it is a very extensive and important
branch of the manufactures of the United States, is of high
national importance, and worthy of the attention of Con-
gress, and recommending additional duties on saddles, and
leather-tanned boots, shoes, and slippers. In 1802 the com-
mittee report that such manufactures as are obviously capa-
ble of affording to the United States an adequate supply of
their several and respective objects, ought to be promoted
by the aid of government. That there are two modes of ad-
ministering this aid: the one to admit, free of duty, the im-
portation of such gross articles as are essential to those
manufactures; the oiherto impose higher duties on such ar-
ticles as can be supplied by our own citizens to advantage,
and recommending an addition to the list of free articles,
and the imposition of new duties on other articles.
Mr. Jefferson, when Secretary of State, in his report dated
1793, among other remaiks, sajs:
"But should any nation, contrary to our wishes, suppose
it may better find its advantage by continuing its system of
prohibitions, duties, and regulations, it behooves us to pro-
tect our citizens, their commerce, and navigation, by coun-
ter prohibitions, duties.^and regulations also. Free com-
merce and navigation are not to be given in exchange for
restrictions and vexations, nor are they likely to produce a
relaxation of them."
"The following principles, being founded in reciprocity,
appear perfectly just, and to otter no cause of complaint to
any nation:
"1st. Where a nation imposes high duties on our produc-
tions, or prohibits them altogether, it may be proper for us
to do the same by theirs; first burdening or excluding those
productions which they bring here in competition with our
own of the same kind; selecting next such manufactures as
we take from them m greatest quantity, and which at the
same time we could the soonest furnish to ourselves, or ob-
tain from other countries; imposing on them duties, lighter
at first, but heavier and heavier afterwards, as other chan-
nels of supply open. Such duties, having the cft'ect of in-
direct encouragement to domestic manufactures of the same
kind, may induce the manufacturer to come himself into
these States, where cheaper subsistence, equal laws, and a
vent of his wares, free of duty, may insure him the highest
profits from his skill and industry. And here it would be in
the power of the State governments to co-operate essen-
tially, by opening the resources of encouragement which
are tinder their control; extending them liberally to artists
in those particular brandies of manufacture for which their
soil, climate, population, and other circumstances have ma-
tured them, and fostering the precious efforts and progress
of household manufacture, by some patronage suited to the
nature of its objects, guided by the local information they
possess, and guarded against abuse by their presence and
attentions. The oppressions on our agriculture in foreign
ports would thus be made the occasion of relieving it from
a dependence on the counsels and conduct of others, and of
promoting aits, manufactures, and population at home."
Tn regard to the opinions of Dr. Franklin, it may be ob-
served that it is quite evident, when he alludes to what is
called free trade, he means free trade in the true and legiti-
mate sense of that phrase—reciprocally free—equality of
privileges to all If this patriot and statesman were now
alive, is it to be believed he would not consider it due to the
people of the United States, under their constitution, and
in their present condition, to protect them in their industry,
Against the monopolizing policy of foreigners'' And what
is free trade, as it is now understood by Great Britain, who
is held up as an example for us, and whose productions we
are urged to purchase to the exclusion of our own' In
Russia, the doctrine is that its own industry and commerce
must be protected. In France, it is that there must be no
reduction of the tariff, no treaties of commerce in which
anything is to be conceded, and that a protective system
must be carried to the highest practical degree for every
branch of domestic industry. In Prussia it is the same. In
Germany, that a protective tariff, to sustain their agricul-
ture, their labor, and their manufactures, is indispensable,
and cannot and ought not to be abandoned. In Great Brit-
ain, free trade is thus described, in the language of one of
the members of her Parliament:
"It was idle for us, he contended, to endeavor to persuade
other nations to jom with us m adopting the principles of
what was called free trade. Other nations knew, as well
as the noble lord opposite, and those who acted with him,
that what we ment by free trade was nothing more nor less
than, by means of the great advantages we enjoyed, to get
a monopoly of all their markets for our manufactures, and
to prevent them, one and all, from ever becoming manufac-
turing nations.'''
Or, as expressed by the Duke of Wellington not long
sji>ce in the House of Lords: 1
"When free trade was talked of as existing in England, it
was an absurdity. There was no such thing, and there could
be no such thing as free trade in that country. We proceed
on the system of protecting our own manufactures and our
own produce, the produce of our labor and our soil: of pro-
tecting them for exportation, and protecting them for home
consumption; and on that universal system of protection it
was absurd to talk of free trade."
The same doctrine was advanced recently by Sir Robert
•Peel, in speaking to the motion of Mr. Villiers for a repeal
of the corn laws, in which speech he pointed out the conse-
quences of an abandonment by Great Britain of her cardi-
nal principle of public policy, the principle of protection;
and the motion, which was a test of her liberal feelings to-
wards other nations, and her desire to give bread at a cheap-
er rate to her starving poor, was rejected by a majotity of
nearly two hundred—I think one hundred and ninety-six
votes. Such is the doctrine of Great Britain—a nation
which, whenever she fears that her restrictive policy will
be met by countervailing regulations of other nations, at
once holds up free trade as essential to prosperity, appoints
committees in Parliament to take testimony and make re-
ports favorable to free intercourse, causes them to be print-
ed and sent abroad to influence the legislation of other coun-
tries, deposites the originals among the files and papers of
Parliament—proposes no law, enacts no one to carry out
free trade principles, smiles at the credulity of those nations
who are deceived by her, and reaps the fruit of her hypocrisy
in obtaining a market for her productions, and a profitable
sale of her manufactures. The practical doctrine of
Great Britain, is to buy nothing which she can, make,
and import nothing which she can produce. It is a steady,
rigid adherence to this policy, which has enabled her to
provide means to pay her annual expenses and the interest
on her immense public debt; to support her army, her aavy,
aud her commercial marine; to retain her own market for
the exclusive benefit of her own people; to obtain the mar-
kets of other nations; to raise herself to the rank of one of
the most powerful nations of the world. When, therefore the
opinions of distinguished men of our country of former
times are stated favorable to free trade, it is to be remember-
ed they mean a trade which is reciprocal, equal, and substan-
tially free—not confined to one nation, not partial, not limit-
ed. Thus much for the doctrine of free trade. 1 do not tow-
ever, admit that the constitution of the United States re-
quires that bills to raise revenue should be founded on that
doctrine, even in its most enlarged and liberal sense. On the
contrary. I affirm that under that constitution it is both the
right and the duty of the general government to give ade-
quate protection to the industry and productions oiour own
country, by the agency of acts imposing duties on imports.
Both have been asserted and practically maintained, from the
commencement of our present form of government. They
have caused the investment of millions of dollars, have fixed
the employment of millions of our fellow-citizens, have add-
ed to tne wealth, the prosperity, and the independence of
this country, and furnished the means of support, mainte-
nance, and education to great numbers of our people. The
right to give this protection is foiTnded oji the obvious prin-
ciple that our government was instituted (among other pur-
poses) to uphold and increase national industry, wealth and
prosperity. Labor is the only solid foundation of wealth. It
is that alone which creates property; and hence, if our in-
dustry, in its diversified forms of commercial, agricultural,
manufacturing, mechanical and other employments, is al-
lowed-to be destroyed or materially injured, when the gov-
ernment can preserve it, one of the essential objects of gov-
ernment is disregarded, and one of its important duties neg-
lecied. A necessary element in national prosperity is its
productive industry. This is essential to that "general wel-
fare" which the constitution was designed to promote, and
it would be remarkable indeed, if no power existed in that
constitution to attain this great object. The framers of that
instrument did provide for it. They inserted in it a power
"to regulate commerce," ample for this purpose, and which
has been exercised with important benefit to the country
from the year 1789 to the present time. Thfe duty of the gov-
ernment is no less obvious than its power. It is founded on
considerations which address themselves to our judgments,
and which ought not to be disregarded. They have relation
to our independence and prosperity. The protection which
I advocate employs labor and prevents poverty. It diffuses
its benefits throughout the whole community/ It is not par-
tial in its beneficent results. It reaches all the employments
of human industry, giving life and activity to all, and thus
exhibits, m a practical form, the benefits of mutual depend-
ence. It prevents the accumulation of balances against us
in favor of foreign nations, and the consequent necessity o
exporting specie. It upholds a sound currency. It gives to
the consumer a cheaper and a better article than he would
otl>erwise import. It places us beyond the reach of depend-
ence on foreigners. It gives labor an adequate reward, in-
stead of being reduced to the standard of the pauper labor
in the workshops of Europe. It creates national wealth,
sustains national independence, promotes national pros-
perity, upholds all the great national interests. This
protection is not partial; it is not designed "for the bene-
fit of one interest only. It gives security to every
occupation and every form of labor. How striking is the
contrast betw een this doctrine and that of free trade l It
may be well illustrated by supposing that one of the Euro-
pean nations should at one period have allowed commercial
intercourse without restriction with us, during which our
productions were received there, and hers received here m
return, upon the principle of reciprocal free trade. Subse-
quently she chooses to raise her own articles for use and
consumption, and prohibits the importation of onr«s, or im-
poses on them heavy duties. We submit to this foreign
policy. What would be the consequence? We should con-
tinue to receive her goods until we became bankrupts, the
prices of our productions greatly reduced, our currency
disordered, the price of our labor reduced to that of the pau-
pers of the old world, and poverty an A ruin be the portion
of our people. This is what free trade, as understood m
modern times, would produce, if we should embrace it.
And even were there no partial restrictions, would not our
great agricultural interests suffer by the free trade system
in its most'"liberal form? Would not the farmers of the
West come in competition, in Great Britain, w ith the wheat
of Poland and Germany, and the shores of the Baltic? Aiy4
