June, 1844. 
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
Appropriation Bill—Mr. Peyton.
H. of Reps.
vessel registered and enrolled from year to year, and if ves-
sels are lost or laid up as rotten, or abandoned, thejr ton-
nage is often kept upon the registry, and returned as part
of the existing navigation. This has been corrected once
in ten or twelve years. The list was corrected in 1849, and
therefore it appears, from the registry, that in 1828 the ton-
nage returned was 1,741,391 tons; in 1829 it was 1,260,977
tons; a falling oft" of nearly half a million of tons. He
adds, that the true enterion is the number of vessels built:
and, by examining the returns, it will appear that since
1834, when the compromise act began to operate, our regis-
tered tonnage has declined. In IS32, the registered tonnage
Oi shipping built was 72,982 tons; in 1833, 72,979; 1831,
62,622; 1836, 46,645; in 1837, 43,343; in 183§, 41,859: in 1839,
66,06lj in 1840, do,121.
The senator says our domestic commerce is injured in an-
other way by the protective policy: it leads to the establish-
ment of manufactures at intermediate places between the
South and the Noith, and thus freights, which wouid have-
been carried to New England, stop at these points, and the
value of the carrying-trade is lessened. If this be so, it shows
at least that the people of New England do not claim the
exclusive benefits of manufacturing. But if the articles are
carried aless distance, and thereby freights are reduced, the
article comes cheaper lo the consumer and, by the increase
of the mills and workshops, the quantity of the manufactur-
ed article in market is increased, and the prices reduced; and
the multiplication of these establishments benefits com-
merce by increasing the quantity to be transported coast-
^vise and to foreign countries.
The senator says the avowed design of this policy is to
destroy commerce. I am not aware that any such avowal
has beenonade, either in or out of Congress. I never heard
it made at any time or in anyplace; on the contrary, it is
an essential element in this policy that it encourages and
protects commerce- This doctrine of protection is designed
to be equal in the security it affords to all the interests, and
it promotes all. It is not partial or local, but general.
The senator added, that these high duties will not prove
beneficial even to the manufacturers, for they will produce
such a competition and such an over production as that all
"Will he destroyed. On this subject the senator cannot alarm
the fears of the laboring men of the country; they will re-
joice in the increase of the industry of every portion of the
Union. Thdy do not desire that all should follow the sea,
or the plough, or become traders. They are gratified to wit-
ness the diversity of labor, a portion of which is engaged
in the mechanic aits and manufactures, and will never be-
come converts to that system of free trade which would de-
stroy the capital, and put out of employment those who
own, and those who labor in, the manufactory and the
workshop
The senator says the high duties have not enabled the
manufacturers to flourish; For, in 1828, they desired further
protection. The obnoxious features in that act were not
placed there by the friends of protection; and they would
flourish if the laws were always executed and fai^nrroices
and smuggling prevented,if no new and unexpected con-
structions were put upon the law s, and the taiifl* acts were
made stable and permanent.
The senator supposes that this policy has not given em-
ployment to one additional Ameriean laborer, but has only
changed his employment. I think this opinion is not well
founded. Has it not furnished employment to women and
children, who were previously without work7 and has it not
added to the productive laborof millions, who before could
not obtainemployment? I leave this question to be answered
by the thousands and thousands of our people, who, under
the protection of this policy, have been enabled by their hon-
est industry to provide support for themselves and their fam-
ilies. to educate their children, to possess and enjoy the
comforts of life, and Jo lay aside a portion of their earnings
to be used when the power of labor shall have ceased.
The senator is in favor of household manufactures—the
old-fashioned system—the fireside labor—not the close room
of the operative, the workshops of corporations. I, too, Mr.
President, am favorably disposed to these domestic employ-
ments. They ought to be encouraged. But does the sena-
tor expect to introduce into them tfie power-loom, the iteam
engine, and'the varieties of machinery by which labor and
expense are saved, and the price of the article made cheap.'
What does he suppose would become of all the mechanics,
the manufacturers, the farmers, the laborers, if all our pro-
ductive industry employed in manufactures and the mechan-
ic arts was confined to the family? Would anchors, and iron,
and cables, and castings, and the manufactures of iron, and
cotton, and wool, be made there? And what does he think
would be the price of imported articles, if we dispensed with
machinery, and water and steam power7 It would mdecd be
a glorious triumph of free trade, when all our various manu-
factures should be made by hand, without machinery. Sir,
the idea seems to me to be preposterous The senator would
carry us back to the days beyond the flood. But the senator
could not omit an implied reproach on corporations. I know
many of them have proved injurious to the country; but has
not Ntw Hampshire received benefit from incorporated rail-
roads and manufactories within her limits, and constructed
and built partly by capital owned in a neighboring State?
Have they not given facilities to the tianspoztdtion of her
citizens and their property at a cheaper rate, and employ-
ment to her labor m the diversified lorms in which it there
exists? Nashua and Dover, and Somersworth, and Man-
chester and Newmarket—do they furnish no evidence of the
importance of corporations to increase the wealth and pros-
perity of the citizens of the State which the senator repre-
sents?
The senator added the remark, that this policy is advoca-
ted because it gives employment to American labor, and yet
we employ the serfs, and the convicts, and the slaves of for-
eign countries in the production of articles we consume, and
thus our practice is inconsistent with our theory The sen-
ator appears to labor under an entire misapprehension as to
the true nature of the pioteotivp policy, which is to give ad
equate protection to the mdubtiy and productions of our
own people, against foreign pauper competition, and the re-
strictionsof foreign nations. We import from abroad the
productions of the laborof others, when v\u have none of
our own. In this there is no inconsistency. On the contra-
ry, it is sound policy, and indirectly encourages one branch
of #ur owa Industry—the commercial marine of the nation.
I have now, Mr. President, considered in detail the vari-
ous propositions and illustrations and arguments of the sen-
atorfrom New Hampshire. His character and standing
here, and in the country, required that this should be done.
"With what success 1 have been able to defend the protect-
ive policy against the attacks of the senator, those who
have heard and those who , shall read our remarks will
j udge It appears to me that the substauce of the argument
is founded on three assumptions, each of which is, in my
judgment, untenable.
The first is, that that system of free trade is beneficial to a
country which allows other nations the free enjoyment of
her markets, if not the monopoly of them, While she is ex*
eluded from theirs, or placed under onerous restrictions or
discriminations.
The second is, that the price of the foreign imported ar-
ticle, and of the domestic one &Ieo, (if there be any compet-
ing with it,) is raised to an amount equivalent to the duty
imposed.
The third is, that the imposition of duties, in a form which
gives and secures employment to the diversified pursuits of
American industry, is partial, unjust, and oppressive.
It was my intention, Mr. President, to have made a few
observations on some of the topics introduced into this de-
bate by the senator from South Carolina, [Mr. McDxjfkieJ
and to which 1 have not adverted. But1 it would consume
more of the time of the Senate than.I wish to appropriate. I
shall conclude, therefore,these remarks by repeating that the
act of 1842, which received my vote, is, m my opinion, fair,
just, equal, and beneficent in its operations and results, both
as it relate* to revenue and protection. I shall sustain and
erdea\-or to make permanent the policy on which this act'
is founded. It has thus far produced great benefits to the
country, and the nation will prosper so long as it is contin-
ued. The whole people will eventually rally around it
and give it their hearty support, and will transmit to the la-
test posterity its diversified and rich blessings.
SPEECH OF MR. PEYTON,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives, June o, 1844—On the gen-
eral appropriation bill
Mr PEYTON, who, though deeply averse to speaking,
excused himself for doing so on the ground that it w ould
be expected of him by his constituents; but since Mr. Clay,
Mr. Van Buren, and Mr. Polk, had been brought into the de-
bate by other gentlemen, lie should claim to follow in the
footsteps of his "illustrious predecessors.''
Mr. Clay had been traduced and villilied by all who had
spoken from the democratic side of the House. He had
been compared by Mr. Ratiibu:*, of New York, to Caesar,
to Caligula, and to Cromwell - He asked all to look at his
acts, to contemplate his public history, and to look at the
conduct of those of the party who opposed him, and then
say which were the acts of a Cromwell. He asked who it
was that had been, at the commencement of this Congress,
in favor of maintaining the majesty and supremacy of the
laws? The whig party, with Mr. Clay at its head. On the
other hand, who were they who had come up into this hall,
and by a sweeping vote nullified the districting law? And
who were they who at this very hour held seats here di-
rectly in the teeth cf law? who had carried out those
doctrines of nullification which South Carolina had only
threatened, and openly trampled the constitution under
foot? The democratic party.
Look at one of the first acts of this Congress, immediately
after its organization. The journal of the House, the rec-
ord of its proceedings, had been deliberately mutilated, by
order of a democratic majority. The whigs had entered
their solemn protest against the right of the nullifying recu-
sants to seats in this House, and placed that protest on the
journal, but where was it? It had, by an unconstitutional
order, been stricken from its place, and was no more to be
found there. Yet he talked about Caligulas!
Mr. P. then referred to the proceedings of the Senate of
Tennessee. The whiga m that State had a majority of votes on
joint ballot, and senators of the United States for that State
had always been thus elected. But a set of men now charact-
erized there and elsewhere as "the immortal thirteen,v of
which his colleague [mr Andrew Joiin3ox] was one. after
having twice so voted, (for Felix Grundy,) a"s soon as it was
found that there was a majority for whig senators, suddenly
declared that mode of electing senatou. to be unconstitu-
tional, and so great were their qualms of conscience, that
when the vote was to be taken, the} stul-bonly retained
their seats, and thereby prevented the election, end kept
their State unrepresented m the other branch of the nction*
al legislature. It is a little remarkable, that the consciences
of gentlemen should ha\e been so quiet when voting for
Mr" O-rundy. and that they should have been so much dis-
turbed when called upon to vote for a whig under precisely
similar circumstances.
These (Mr. P. said) were some of the tendencies of the dem-
ocratic party, A gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dt rs-ci>-] had
made a speech, not long since, in which he represented the
whigs about the city of Cincinnati as a set of swindlers,
cut-throats,-and traitors, and had observed that it was the
native tendency of wLugery to lead to corruption, an&rcliy,
and despotism. Mr P. had therefore presented a specimen
of the tendencies of this—not Jeflersoman, no, but this—
modem, this latter-day, this Joe Smith, this barn-burning,
this Dorritc democidcj', which held that the people had a
right to act in masses against both law and constitution
These "immorial thirteen ' in Tennessee had nullified the
action of their own legislative body. Here was one of the
tendencies of mo iern democracy.
As to the democracy of "Governor Dorr,M its whole histo-
ry was one of the most infamous affairs that di>graced the
annals of cur country. His party claimed the right m their
uno'ganizcd ma?s. as the great n\iga?ine of all power, to
change laws and ov erturn constitutions at w ill, and, w hen
offered the very things they desired, scorned to receivc
them through euher legislature or convention. Theie was
no perceptiole difference as to the latitude of suU'rag*, or
any oihet demo^iatic light, betweon the constitution they
attempted to frame and that agreed to in c lawful assembly;
yet they would not take it, because it came from the hanSs
of fee constituted authorities. Yet the democratic party
were ready to back them, and did rote them countenance
and aid inproceedings more anarchical than any in theday 
of Danton, Marat, or Ro~bespierre.- When this doctrine pro-
vails, your laws, your constitutions, vested rights, rights of
property, marriage contracts, the peace and order of socie-
ty, will depend upon the whim, the passion, and the caprice
of the hour. The prevalence of such a doctrine would b«
the death knell of liberty', and would at once resolve socie-
ty into its original elements, when brute strength, rapine,
and violence, would usurp the place of justice, order, and
civil government
As to the charge of federalism, which had been brought
against the whigs—who, he asked, were they who were in
f*vor of giving to the President the kingly power of destroy-
ing the legislation of both Houses of Congress at his mere
will and pleasure? "Was. it the wbigs? Mr. Clay was against
this power. He held that ought to be the law of the land
which the people's representatives in both branches of the
legislature declared should be the law; but the democrats
par excellence were for vesting all power in one man, and al-
lowing him to cut off the heads of a* many legislative acts
as might suit his own notions or selfish purposes. Of these
two classes of politicians, which were the federalists and
which the republicans?
But to quit principles, and go a little more into the per 
6onnel of Federalism. Where were the federalists actually
found? He referred tothe old anti-war federalists!
He would begin With James Buchanan; and whathad b«n
his sentiments? He says:
''The democratic administration declared war against
commerce. They were not satisfied with depriving it of the,
protectionof a navy, but they acted as though they had de-
termined upon its annihilation.
* * # # #
"Time will not allow me to enumerate all the other wild
and wicked acts of the democratic administration.
# # * * # *=
"After they had, by refusing the bank of the United States
continuance of its charter, embarrassed the financial con-
cerns of the government, they rashly plunged us into a
''Glorious it has been in the highest degree to the Ameri-
can character, but disgraceful in the extent to the adminis-
tration.
"Thanks, then, to Heaven, that we have obtained a peace,
bad and disgraceful as it is.
"They (the democrats) gloried in setting themselves in
array against our present admirable form of government.
Keuel Williams, one of Mr. Van Buren's [late] United
States senators from Mainp in 1812, assisted to burn James
Madison in effigy.
Garret D. Wall, [formerly] United States senator from
New Jersey, and Mr. Van Buren's bosom friend, madft the
following declaration on the floor of Congress:
"Here, sir, in the presence of the American people, I
avow that I was a federalist, and acted with that party zeal-
ously and actively so long as their ilag waved in New Jer-
sey."
Henry Hubbard, another senator of the same stamp, and
who is now where he ever has been, and ever means to
be, was a prime mover in getting up the meeting in New
Hampshire which sent delegates to the Hartford conven-
tion.
Another very distinguished gentleman in the democratic
ranks, and now a prominent member of Congress, Charles
Jared Ingersoll, haa declared that, "had he been capable of
reason and reflection during the revolutionary war, he
should have been a toiy.?J
That gentleman was most courteous in his deportment,
and had always treated !Mr. P. with the utmost personal
kindness. He meant him no offence or injury: and if the as-
sertion he had now made was in«oirect, he (Mr. P.) would
instantly take it back The gentleman was present, and
could deny it if it was untrue. [Mr. I. retained his seat.]
John II. Prentiss, one of Mr. Van Buren's members of Con-
giess from the State of New Yoik, [in 1840,] published a
federal paper in Otsego during the war. His political
opinions may be gathered from the following extracts:
"It is with great sensation of indescribable pleasure that I
find nn self enabled to announce the complete triumph of
the federalists" "If my humble labors jn the cause of my
native country have produced the change in favor of fede-
ralism in this country,then I have arrived at the acme of my
hope*?, the summit ot my wishes." "The frightful hydra of
democracy begins to droop its head before the heaven-de-
rived hpmt of fedeialhm/' "Democracy! amonster wild
as that which roams the "Lybian wastes, and joys to drench
his tusks in blood—a pestilence that spreads contagion over
the whole extent of our country—a pernicious blast, that
withers every thing it touches."
Wm. Cullen Bryant, editor of the New York Evening
Post, the leading Van Buren print in New York, once gave
the follow mg poetical portraiture of Thomas Jefferson:
"And thou, the scorn of every patriot's name.
Thy country's rum, and her council's shame
Poor servile thing ! derision of the brave !
Who erst from Tarletonfled to Carter's cave;
Thou, who, when menaced by perfidious Gaul,
Did prostrate to herwhiskered minions fall,
And when our cash her empty bags supplied.
Did meanly strive the foul disgrace to nidej
Go. wretc?. resign the presidential chair,
Disclose thy secret measures, foul or fair,
Go, search with curious eye for horned frogs,
'Mid the wild wastes of Louisiana bogs;
Or, where the Ohio rolls its turbid stream,
Dig for huge bones, thy glory and thy theme,
Go.scan. Philosophist,thy  charms,
And sink supinely in her sable arms,
But quit to abler hands the helm of State,
Nor image ruin on thy country's fate."
Samuel Uarker, editor of the [Baltimore Republican, and
formerly editor of the Gazette, printer of the laws of the
present'reign, a stipendiary, and notorious aa author ©?
