742
'APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844,
28th Cong 1st Sess.
■Appropriation Bill—Mr. Peyton.
H. of Reps.
%he insult from whence sprang into existence the log cabin
devices, which so perplex our opponents, declared in 1837
that he would never ask forgiveness for the political sin
which stamped upon him the name of federalist. We delight
in the name."
Again, in 1838, he said:
"To us the name of federalism is a subject of no reproach.
We rejoice to hear it, and hope that our efforts to honor and
support if may be such as it merits. While others are en-
deavoring to hold it up to scorn, and are deserting its stand-
ard for the purpose of securing power and emolument from
other hands, it shall be our glory to support its cause, and
our feeble powers shall always be employed to display its
beauties to others."
Now, then, he would again inquire, where was federalism
to be found? He thought he had placed it on the right side
of the party line.
[Mr. Ingersoll here asking the loan of the book from
which the above quotations had been made, Mr. P. replied:
''Take good care of it, and do not derange its contents. It
is an excellent magazine of whig ammunition; and I mean to
draw on it for some missiles, I hope, to hurl at the polk
stalks of Tennessee."]
And now as to this farce of a nomination at Baltimore. A
distinguished gentleman from New York so denominated it
publicly, and without the slightest reserve; declared openly
that it ought to meet with no respect from the country, and
that James K. Polk could not get one electoral college, un-
less that of South Carolina;vand that would depend on the
mere whim and caprice of John C. Calhoun.
[This annunciation produced very great sensation in the
House.]
Mr. Stetson, of New York, inquired of Mr. P. who the
New York member referred to was.
Mr. Peyton replied that, for the name of the gentleman
and all the circumstances, he would refer the gentleman to
the Hon. Mr. Black, of South Carolina. He would tell him
who he was.
Mr. Stetson repeated his inquiry, observing that the
statement had taken him completely by surprise.
[Mr. Black, of South Carolina, advanced across the hall
to the position occupied by Mr. P., and requested Mr. P. to
repeat the language alleged to have been used; which Mr.
P. did, and Mr. B, bowed assent, and returned to his seat.]
Mr. Peyton 'replied, it was a member on this floor, a dis-
tinguished member of the House, a great friend to Mr. Van
Buren, and, in fact, consideaed as his right-hand man here.
That gentleman had declared that Mr. Polk could not get
the vote of one electoral college, unless in South Carolina,
and that depended on the whim and caprice of John C. Cal-
houn. If the gentleman would apply to the honorable'gen-
tleman from South Carolina, his political friend, who was
food democratic authority, he could get all the information
e desired.
Mr. P. was about proceeding in his speech, when
Mr. .Stetson again interposed, (Mr. P. not yielding the
floor,) and said that, as Mr. P. was the only one who had
referred to the memberfrom the New York delegation, it
was to him alone he ought to apply for his name.
Mr. Peyton said he would not be thus interrupted:
there was a point where courtesy ceased to be a virtue.
A majority of the members of the late convention went to
Baltimore instructed and pledged to vote for Mr Van Buren;
and the Globe, before the convention assembled, charged
whoever should do otherwise with treachery. And what
was the result? A majority did vote for Mr. Van Buren
but for this most democratic assembly a simple majority
was not enough. True, Thomas Jefferson thought a ma-'
jorxty ought to rule, and held the maxim, vox populi vox
Dei, from whieh there was no appeal but to arms, which
he held to be the appeal of tyrants. But these democrats
were not content with Jeffersonian democracy. A bare ma-
jority was not enough for them; they must have two-
thirds. A gentleman (Mr. McClernand, of Illinois) said
that, with the Texas feeling in his favor, their candi
date would get the votes of a majority of the people of
the United Slates. A majority! Suppose he did, that would
not do. According to toe doctrine of the late Baltimore
convention, he must have two-thirds to elect him. He
hoped gentlemen would carry out theirpnnciples.
The nomination of James K. Polk would fall on the ears
of the people of this country like a thunder clap from a
clear sky. No; that was too grand, too terrific a figure.
The idea is better illustrated by a line from an ancient
aufSior: "Parturinnt monies, nascitur ndiculus mus.^ The
mountain is in labor, but a ridiculous mouse comes forth!
James K. Polk a candidate for the presidency! A man
never dieamed of, and (if we were to believe the Globe) a
man not qualified for the place. There had been, in that
paper, areceut war between a Tennessee democrat and an
Alabama democrat. One of these excellent democrats was
opposed to Mr. King as a candidate for the vice presidency,
because he had not signalized himself in Congress during
the war, and left no memorials to distinguish his name.
The other (the Alabama democrat) tauntingly observed
that this came with a bad grace from one w"ho advocated
James K. Polk, whom he charged, in substance, with being
a coward, and unworthy of being vice president on that
ground; and,in supportofthe charge, brrught, up a scene
between Mr. Polk, when Speaker, and Mr. 'Wise, of Virgin-
ia, who, as they were retiring from this hall, took him by
the arm, and said: "You are the contemptible tool of a
petty tyrant." The question would then seem very natu-
rally to arise, if Mr. Polk was too much of a coward to be
Vice President, is he iit to be commander-in-chief of the
army and navy? He proclaimed himself for annexation.
Now, suppose annexation should lead to war: would the
Alabama democracy support such a candidate to be com-
mander-in-chief of the army and navy7
Bo,tract from, an article published in the Qlolc of January 19,
1844, inre.ply to "«/2 Ttnnessne Democrat."
"But why attack Colonel King'? Why advert to his ear-
liest legislative history1 Does he feel that the political
capital of Governor Polk is quite too limited to secure a
nomination from the republican party, unless he can pull
down the fame of others whose shadow has fallen across
the path of his posthumous bantling for the vice presidencyf
U so, let me warn 'A Tennessee Democrat' that his dispar-
agement of Colonel King will add nothing to the political
capital of Governor Polk.
"But if he will convince me that there is a well-founded
suspicion—a reasonable doubt—of the personal courage of
Colonel King, I pronounce him, without hesitation or quali-
fication, totally unfit for the office of Vice President of the
United States. I care not how honorable a man may be, if
he is a coward he cannot maintain his honor; and hence it
is such a man is disqualified for the office of Vice President.
"Now, sir, Colonel King has never been insulted day
after day; and, above all, he-was never caught roughly by
the arm, when escaping from the Capitol, piul^d round, and
told that he was the 'contemptible tool of a petty tyrant!'
I pledge my head, if he is ever so treated, he will resent the
insult in the proper-way. Will "A Tennessee Democrat'
do the same in regard to Governor Polk?
".What are the lacts in regard to Governor Polk'* He has
been twice repudiated in his own State by large majorities
—defeated by an inexperienced politician; and it is not pre-
tended that his name would add one particle of strength to
the ticket in any State of this Union. Why, then, talk of
his selection as the candidate of the party?
"Again we are told: 'If, on the contrary, you do not run
Governor Polk, you may lose Tennessee.' Will the selec-
tion of Governor Polk prevent that result? He has been
run twice for governor of that State lately, and has been
defeated both times most signally. This would seem to be
conclusive that Tennessee cannot be carried by the democ-
racy if Governor Polk is upon the ticket. If this be a le-
gitimate conclusion, it is due to the principles we profess
not to jeopard their success by vain attempts to force upon
the people of Tennessee a man whom they have twice re-
fused to honor, notwithstanding the supposed 'deep, bold,
and lasting impress left by Governor Polk on our public
affairs.'
"The truth is, it will not do. Governor Polk has no great-
er claims upon the people of this Union than any other man
of equal ability who has faithfully maintained the princi-
ples of his party. There are now at least one hundred men
in the Union who have- served their party as long, as ably,
and as faithfully as Governor Polk; whose claims are fully
equal in every respect to his, but whose names have never
been mentioned in connection with the vice presidency, and
possibly never will be.
"I therefore respectfully suggest to'a Tennessee demo-
crat' to abandon that system of puffing, blowing, and swell-
ing, by which a toad may be magnifiedinto the dimensions
of an ox: or, if he still wishes to persevere, let him do so
upon the merits of his own subject, and not upon the de-
merits of others."
These were Mr. Polk's qualifications in a military point of
view. What were his political? Why, he had been found,
during his public career, on both sides of almost every im-
portant question. Had he originated or given a prominent
and leading support to any great measure, or any great and
controlling system of policy? None. He had neverrisen
higher than to be a mere second-rate man—a tool and fol-
lower of some great man. This had been his character all
his life. He had been the instrument and subservient tool
of Andrew Jackson, to do his bidding, whatever that might
be. Never had he been found one-thousandth part of an
inch from Jackson's track, wind and turn as it might. How-
ever contradictory his measures or opinions might be, ,
those were the measures and those the opinions of the obe-
dient Mr. Polk.
He had been strongly opposed to the sub-treasury, and
preferred State banks as places of deposite for the public
money. He considered them safer, and in all respects to
be preferred. Where did he stand now? Now the sub-
treasury was the only safe place.
Mr. P. had within liis reach, though not here, a very pre-
cious document concerning this same James K. Polk—an
extract from a circular which Governor Polk published—in
which he came out in favor of the constitutionality and ex-
pediency of works of internal improvement by the general
government within the States. Now he is opposed to it.
He was just so in regaid to everything. This is the cham-
pion the great democratic party had brought out for the
four-mile heat in the great contest next fall! A little, bro-
ken-down, twice-distanced, shuffling pony of Tennessee, to
run against the great American cclipsc !
[Much laughter, and some punning among the democratic
members.]
Tnere was a turning up of the nose, a sense of the ridic-
ulous, in the bare idea of the parallel. One had been iden-
tified with all the great events and measures in our political
history for the last forty years. A man—ay, every inch a
man--in heart and intellect, in firmness, grasp, and com-
prehension of mind—a whole head and shoulders above any
man-that ever had made a foot-print on this continent, save
ohe. "There's the exception, (pointing to the portrait of
Washington) When the tyrant power of Great Britain
was seizing our citizens, and confining them in the loath-
some dungeon of a prison-ship, whose voice was it that
sounded in thunder tones of indignation through the land,
loud, and long, and deep, till the whole country was roused
to resistance and war? Henry Clay's. And when another
crisis (the Missouri question) arose in our affairs—a crisis
which shook the government of the country to its centre—
which caused the good man and the patriot to turn pale,
and Jefferson himself to declare that it fell upon him
like an alarm bell in the dead hour of the night,—who was
it that came to the rescue, threw himself into the breach,
and saved his country > Henry Clay. And then, in that other
critical and tiymg hour, when the liag of disunion was
raised in South Carolina, and the laws of the Union were
lesisted at the cannon's mouth, while we had in the chair
ol state a man of iron nerve and lion heart, who swore by
the Eternal that the laws should be executed, and that if
one gun was fired by South Carolina, "he would hang f al-
houn and McDuffie, and Havneand Hamilton, and the other
leaders of the rebellion, as high as Haman," who was it that
came again as our deliverer, with a heart deeply penetrated
by the crisis of his country's fate, and. casting on the issue
all he held dear in life, once more, by his prudence, modera-
tion, and skill, assuaged the angry elements, and rescued
this fair land from the horrors of civil discord > It was
Henry Clay. When the hour of danger came, there was
he; and wherever he came, danger departed, disorder fied,
and public prosperity smiled upon her restorer. Now, look J ,
upon this picture and then upon that—the counterfeit pre-
sentment of two candidates. '"Tis Hyperion to a Satyr."
As well compare a "mousing owl" to the imperial bird of
Jove, that springs aloft and soars into the very sun.
Mr. P. wished to say .a few more words on this General
Polk—no, not general, he never rose quite as high as that.
A voice. "Colonel Polk."
' Another voice. "Governor Polk." '
A third voice. "President Polk."
Well, governor Polk, then, said Mr. P. He had a docu-
ment in his hand which would show what were General
Jackson's sentiments ifa relation to a protective tariff, so ve-
hemently opposed by Mr. Polk. He ^oi^ld read it:
Extract of a letter from Jlndrew Jackson to Dr. L. H. Cole-
man, oj Warrington, North Carolina.
"Washington City, April 26, 1824.
"Heaven smiled upon and gave us liberty and independ-
ence. That same Providence has blessed us with the means
of national independence and national defence. If we omit
or refuse to use the gifts which He has extended to us, we
deserve not the continuation of His blessing. He has filled
our mountains and our plains with minerals—with lead,
iron, and copper; and given us a climate and soil lor the
growing of hemp and wool. These being the great mate-
rials of our national defence, they ought to have extended
to them adequate and fair protection, that our manufac-
turers and laborers may be placed in'a fair competition with
those of Europe, and that we may have within our country
a supply of those leading and important articles so essential
in war.
"I will ask, what is the real situation of the agriculturist?
Where has the American farmer a market for his surplus
produce? Exc.ept for cotton, he has neither a foreign nor a
home market. Does not this clearly prove, when there is
no market either at home or abroad, that there sis too much
labor employed in agriculture? Common sense at once
points out the remedy. Take from agriculture in the United
States six hundred thousand men, women, and children, and
you will at once ^ive a market for more breadstuffs than all
Europe now furnishes us. In short, sir, we have been too
long subject to- the policy of British merchants. It is time
we should become a little more Americanized, and instead
of feeding paupers and laborers of England, feed our own, or
else in a short time, by continuing our present policy, we
shall all be rendered pauper*.ourselves. It is therefore my
opinion that a careful and j udicious tariff is much wanted to
pay our national debt, and to afford us the means of that de-
fence within ourselves on which the safety of our country
and liberty depends; and last, though not least, give a prop-
er distribution to our labor, which must prove beneficial to
the happiness, independence, and wealth of the community.
"I am, sir very respectfully,
"Your most obedient servant,
"ANDREW JACKSON."
These were those declarations of General Andrew Jack-
son which a certain membernear him had imbodied m a res-
olution, and asked this democratic House to adopt, as ex
pressing its sentiments. And who were they who had
shrunk from such a motion as from the mouth o'f a cannon?
Where the Jackson men on that memorable occasion? Not
one of them—no, not one—would stand up to do honor to
the sentiments of his chief. The only friends the old hero
had in the House that day were the Whigs. Who could
ever forget the scene9 Mr. P. had often witnessed great
confusion in that House, but never had he seen consterna-
tion like that. What running to and fro! what counte-
nances! what consultations! Ifa ghosthad risen through the
floor, or a bomb-shell had fallen upon it, scattering its death-
dealing fragments in every direction, there could not have
been witnessed a greater exhibition of horror They were
alike afraid to adopt the resolutions or to reject them, lest
they should be committed on the one hand, or on the other
should seem to run oft from their great man. But such was
modern democracy! Such were democratic metamor-
phoses. Modern democracy had well and wisely been de-
clared to be "progressive"—a sort of migratory thing—its
track like the track of a snake.
"It warbles in and warbles out,
And left the people all in doubt,
Whether the snake that made the track,
Was going south or coming back."
These opinions of General Jackson are fully sustained
by the wise and good men who formed our noble institu-
tions.
In his annual message to Congress, January," 1790, Gen-
eral Washington holds the following language:
"The safety and interest of the people require that they
should promote such manufactures as tend to render them
independent of others Tor essentials, particularly for military
supplies."
In various messages General Washington uses similar lan- -
guage; but I pass over them, and come to his message of the
7th December, 1796. He sajs:
"Congress have repeatedly, and not without success, di-
rected their attention to the encouragement of manufacture*.
The object is of too much consequence not to insure a con-
tinuance of their efforts in every way which shall appear
eligible."
Mr. Madison, in hi« special message to Congress of the
20th of February, 1815, holds this language:
"There is no subject that can enter w ith greater force and
merit into the dehbeiations of Congress, than a consider**
of the means to preserve and piomote the manufactures
which have sprung into existence, and attained an unparal-
leled maturity throughout the United States, during the
period of the European wars. T-his source of national in-
dependence and wealth I anxiously recommend, therefore,
to the prompt and constant guardianship of Congress."
We now come to Mr. Monroe. He says m his message of
the 7th of December, 1819:
''Uniformity in the demand and pi ice of an-artice is highly
desirable to the domestic manufacturer. It is deemed of
great importance to give encouragement to our domestic
manufactures. In what manner the evils adverted to may
be remedied, and how far it may be practical in other re-
spects to afford them further encouragement, is submitted
to the wisdom of Congress."
