May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f4S
The Tariff—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
tional currency, we may soon expect a return of national
prosperity never exceeded in the palmiest days of the re-
public.
APPENDIX.
From the Globe of May 22, 1844.
The naval appropriation bill being under consideration-
Mr. A.Johnson observed that he did not know that the
remarks he was about to make would be considered strictly
in order; but inasmuch as the debate had taken rather a
wide range, he trusted it would not be considered improper
for him to discuss the means by which money'now proposed
to be appropriated was drawn from the people.
He should oppose this bill more in consequence of the
manner in which the money it appropriated was raised, than
for any other consideration^and he held that an examina-
tion ol tlie system by which the revenues of the government
were raided was a legitimate course of argument. Kver since
this Congress had been in session, there appeared to him to
have been a disposition to indulge in the wildest and most
visionary schemes of expenditure. Mr. J. here referred to
various items of expenditure, such as dry docks, navy
yards, &c., and particularly to the two river and harbor bills,
involving an expenditure of one million two hundred thou-
sand dollars. He was opposed to the appropriations in this
bill, in consequence of the aystem by which the money was
procured. We have been told (said he) by some of the gen-
tlemen of this House, in a document pubiirhed by them, of
the evils of direct taxation} and he would' therefore say a
word or two on that subject. He was not an advocate for
direct taxation} but he held that it would be a cheaper and
more equitable mode of collecting the revenue than the
present one. At all events, a system of direct taxation
would put an end to all these extravagant and visionary
schemes of expenditure that were now resorted to. In the
publication he referred to, the authors supposed that the an-
nual revenues collected for this government would be some-
thing like thirty-six millions; and when they came to the
State of Tennessee, they showed that if this money was to
be collected by direct taxes, the people of that State would
be alarmed at the proportion they were to pay, which was
estimated at $1,700,000 This was an admission, however,
that the money was collected from the people. Now, how
is it proposed to collect this $1,700,000,ot the people of Ten-
nessee, but by indirect taxation? It was proposed to col-
lect it by a mode under which the people would not know
the amount cbllected from them; that'is, to take the money
out of their pockets by deception, or, in other words, by the
operation of the tariff. Now, if the southern States would
look closely mto the subject-, they would find that such a
system of taxation bore more hardly on them than any
Other.
He went on to contend that there were greater advanta-
ges to the people in direct taxation for the support of
the government, for thereby much would be saved
to the hard-working people But thev were told that
this expensive plan of collecting recenue must be persisted
in for the protection of home industry; or, in other words,
this system must be persisted m, that the few might be ben-
efited at the expense of the many. It was admitted that
$36,000,000 must be collected for the support of the govern-
ment, and this sum was made by the importing merchants
to form part of the first cost of the goods. The merchants
transmitted those goods to various parts of the Union for
for sale, adding theieon fifty pei cent, as profit; and thus it
would be seen that the hard-worlcing consumer not only
paid $36,000,000 for the support of the government to bene-
fit a few manufacturers, but fitly per cent, thereon as profit
of the merchant.
He contended that the argument was very clear in favor
of a system by which each State should collect and provide
its proportionate share of the revenue which was necessary
for the government. By such a system, much would be
saved in the cost of collection. He calculated that of the
$1,700,000 which Tennessee would supply, she could save
$92,000, which was an important sum.
He then showed the operation of the protective system on
the mechanic, proving that, in relation to the mechanic
classes, this protection of home industry was a system of
humbug, by which no one was benefited but the wealthy
manufacturer. Indeed, to the working classes it was an in-
iquitious system of taxation. But (he inquired) was the
6}stein for which the people were so honestly taxed a pro-
tection of home industry? >Of the amount ol capital vested
in manufactures and in agriculture, he said this system
caused $500 vested in manutactures to yield $72—more than
$1,000 vested in agriculture; and yet they were protecting
home industry! To be perfect,'the piotectionof home
industry must be its protection by the several and individ-
ual States within their own chartered limits; but if that
were resorted to, they would hear less oi protection of
home industry.
Upon such a principle as this, they might go on increas-
ing the amount of duties progressively, until they biought
down the price of the articles to nothing at all. The gov-
ernment would then be in the receipt of a huge revenue
from duties on imports, and the goods imported would be
procured by the consumer for nothing. "Was there ever a
greater absurdity attempted to be palmed off upon the pub-
lic? It was an insult to the intelligence of the people.
Anothei extraordinary pioposition contained in this, liter-
ary curiosity, to which he had already referred, was that
we were actually buying live dollars' worth of foreign arti-
cles for every dollar's worth that we sold of our own. "Was
there ever a country that was prosperous -and happy while
she bought more than sho sold J How long would a govern-
ment exist under such circumstances?
Mr. Steward said, if the gentleman would examine the ar-
gument in that report, he would see. not that we purchased
live dollars' worth oi foreign a'ticlet. for ever) dollar's*
worth that we sold of our own, but that we puichase and
consume, in the form of inanuiactuied gvods, five dollais*
woit.ii of agricultural pro luce for eveiy dollar's woith of
agricultural produce that we export
Mr. Johnson proceeded. The gentleman might attempt
to explain the matter, but it clearly put him to as great diffi-
culty to understand himself, as it did him, (M'r. Johnson,) to
understand him. Was the gentleman unacquainted with
that plain principle of political'econom)-, that when the bal-
ance of trade exists against agovermnent, that government
must decline in proportion to the extent of that balance?
But they were called upon to imitate the example of Great
Britain, and the prosperity of that country had been greatly
vaunted. Prosperous! yes; prosperous in the creation of a
national <Jebt; prosperous in the imposition of burdens upon
the people; prosperous in building up an aristocracy. He
might lefer to various authorities to show the prosperous
condition of Great Britain, but lie would not unnecessarily
detain the committee.
Mr. J. adverted to the distributive policy as a concomitant
of the high protective tariff Who, he asked, was the great
advocate of that policy—a policy by which the people be-
came the recipients of a bounty first collected fi om them- r
selves. The advocate of this strange mode of enriching the
people was the man who was to be placed at the head of
the administration of this government—the man who was at
one time found advocating the principles of one party, and
sometimes of another.
Mr. J. next adverted to the alleged dissensions in the dem-
ocratic ranks. For his own part, he intended to actfor him-
self, and, as to any insinuations that had been spread abroad
in reference to him, he repelled them. He did not admit the
right of any individual to set himself up as the supervisor or
censor of all who belonged to the democratic party, and to
institute a Procrustean bed for their opinions.
SPEECH OF MR. McDUFFIE,
OF SOUTH CAROLINA.
In Senate, May 30 and 31, 1844.—In conclusion of
the tariff debate; the question pending being on
the Finance Committee's resolutions proposing to
postpone indefinitely his bill for restoring the tar-
iff to the standard of the compromise act.
The special order having been announced from
the Chair,
Mr. McDUFFIE ro3e, and addressed the Senate
as follows:
Mr. President: The bill which I had the honor
of presenting to the Senate early in this session for
reducing the duties on foreign imports, has, for the
last six weeks, been exposed to successive dis-
charges of heavy ordnance and small arms from the
other side of the chamber; some of them assailing
me in front, some in the flank, and some in the rear.
I have borne these assaults with as much patience
and philosophy as possible; but I feel that it is now
ull time that I should return the lire. And though
I may not have the command of arms of so large a
calibre as those of-the assailants, I am not without
hope that, from the strength of my position, I shall
be enabled not only to demolish their masked bat-
teries, but to drive thfem from the field.
In answering the numerous arguments which
have been successively advanced by senators on the
other side of the House, I shall, in all human proba-
bility, address the Senate of the United States for the
last time, on this great and vital question. And,
although I have not the slightest hope that anything
I can now utter will alter the fixed and predeter-
mined doom of the measure I have presented for the
consideration of the Senate, I feel, nevertheless,
under solemn obligations to my own immediate
constituents, and to the people of the United States
at large, to place upon the records of our proceed-
ings the grounds of my eternal opposition to the
principles of the protective system, to remain there
as a justification to the country and to posterity of
my own course, and that of my constituents, in all
the possible issues which may grow out of this
question.
Sir, I must say—because I feel and I know it—
that if the people of certain portions of this Union
submit patiently to this (so called) protective system,
as a measure of permanent policy, their inev itafcle
destiny is extermination; and if tliey have left one
scintillation of that glorious spirit which, in the va-
rious stages of our past history, has invariably ani-
mated our ancestors, they cannot, and will not, sub-
mit to this intolerable oppression.
In proceeding to answer the various arguments
advanced by honorable senators on the other side
of the house, I shall not procecd m the order indi-
cated by the succession in which those honorable
senators addressed this body, but in the order indi-
cated by the subject itself.
The first question, then, which I propose to consid-
er, is the rise, piogiess, and present state of the pro-
tective system, as presented by the two senatois
from Massachusetts. The senator from that State
who sits neor me, [Mr Choate,] devoted, I believe,
one whole parliamentary day to wh'-r he was pleased
to call a hisMucal review of the protective system
as it existed during Washington's administration,
with the propose of illustrating the genius and char-
acter of that system.
Mr. President, I must be permitted to say that
this historical argument presented by the honorable
senator was, perhaps, one of the most extraordinary
ever submitted to a legislative assembly. 1 will not
say—as was-once said by a distinguished parliament-
ary debater—that the honorable senator has drawn
upon his memory for his wit; for, such as it is, I
accord to that honorable gentleman the full merit of
originality; but I must be permitted to say that he
has drawn very largely, if not exclusively, upon his
imagination for his facts. Indeed, sir, his historical
review reminds me very much of some of those crit-
ical reviews of which this age is so prolific; you see
the title, and two or three sentences selected
from the text, to answer the purpose of the review-
er; and that is all you are permitted to see of the
work which is the subject of review.
I am not speaking in the language of exaggera
tion, sir. 1 am not drawing from that source from
which the honorable senator from Massachusetts
derives his revelations, when I say that, in the
whole course of the extraordinary exhibition which
he intended as a historical review of the protective
system, and during a speech of two hours and a half
devoted to that branch of the subject, the senator
from Massachusetts has not disclosed one solitary
fact calculated to show what was the protective sys-
tem of 1789, which he holds up for our imitation!!
Not only so, sir; he has not only fuilel to disclose
the material facts connected with this protective sys-
tem, but he has deliberately refused to disclose them,
as if prepared to suffer the pains and penalties of the
common law for "standing mute," rather than do
it. Indeed, Mr. President, if the honorable senator
will permit me for one moment to draw upon his
abundant resources, I will exhibit in fancy work the
result of his great historical labor. He has spun and
woven a web from his own imagination about the
texture of a cobweb, and produced very much in
the same way. He has then stretched it in a quilt
frame, and spangled it over, with scraps of all possi-
ble shapes, colors, and dimensions; and having ac-
complished all this, he had deliberately spread out
this summer bed-quilt before the Senate as a histori-
cal review of the protective system, though it covers
over and concealsall the facts, historical and legisla-
tive, which would show the form and dimensions of
that system.
Now, as the honorable senator did not deem it
material to discJose the rates of duty imposed by the
act of 1789, to show, what the fathers of the repub-
lic and the franiers of the constitution meant by pro-
tection, I propose to supply what I regard as a great
deficiency in the labors of that honorable senator. I
understood him to say—expressing the profoundest
admiration for the wisdom and patriotism of our an-
cestors, as evinced in the act of 1789—that the tariff
of that year was a protective tariff, and amply suffi-
cient for the wants of our then infant manufactures.
And how did the honorable senator proceed? Why,
sir, instead of giving us the rates of duty imposed
by the act of 1789, he gives isolated—I will not say
garbled—extracts from the speeches of members of
the first Congress; and amongst others, he quotes
the opinion of one of them, unknown to fame, that
the duties should be imposed not only to raise rev-
enue, but to give protection to "agriculture, man-
ufactures, and commerce," stated in that precise or-
der.
The honorable sernror then goes to Grub street,
and picks up a Worm-eaten pamphlet, said to have
been written in North Carolina, avowing the absurd
opinion that it would be wise to protect home man-
ufactures at whatever cost; for the mere absurd reason
that what shall be taken from the pocket of one
man, will be put into the pocket of another, and
thus constitute a part of the wealth of the country!
Now, this would be a very appropriate argument
for the leader of a build of highway robbers; but i
protest against receiving it as a specimen of the
wisdom or morality of our ancestors.
1 confess, Mr. President, that when I followed
the honorable senator, hopping and skipping from
legislative debates to catchpenny pamphlets, gather-
ing alike from the flowers and the offal of history, I
found it difficult to decide whether his labors more
resembled those of a humming-bird in a flower gar-
den, or a butteifly in a farm yaid. The honorable
senator referred to the tariff of 1789 as the embodi-
ment of the protective system. Hu s.iir! the protec-
tion afforded by that tariff was ionply sufficient;
that the gre-\f and "v-v man who directed '1 ■- delib-
erations of tile fiiM Coi',2iess had given us a model
statute—a perfect beau ideal of the protective sys-
tem; and holds up this beautiful specimen of the
workmanship of our wise and patriotic ancestors
M the prototype and justification for that gigantic
