746
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. McDuffic.
Senate.
monster—-the act of 1849—that one-eyed Cyclops,
"monstrum. horremlum, infertile, ingens, cui lumen
ademptum," into whose voracious cave you may
trace the ingoing footsteps of his victims, but never
see a solitary vestige to show that one of those vic-
tims has returned.
I shall now attempt to show'the Senate not only
the principles of protection involved in this model
tariff of 1789, but of the form and dimensions of
the protective system as it was then established.
The average rate of duties imposed by that act,
and regarded by the honorable senator from Massa-
chusetts as sufficient to give ample protection to our
infant manufactures, was 71 per cent, upon. all that
class of commodities to which Alexander Hamilton
refers, in his celebrated report two years afterwards,
as coming within the purview "of the protective
system. I will now proceed to make a few specifi-
cations.
The duty imposed upon woollen manufacture (the
great nucleus of this protective system, since the
woollens bill of 1827, which my friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Archer] then so ably exposed and de-
nounced in the other branch of Congress) was only
5 per cent, in 1789; less than one-eighth part of the
present duty.
The duty on iron and iron manufactures (that in-
terest which my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Buchanan] is always prepared to defend, being ever
on the alert at every sound that indicates danger)
was also five per cent.; about one-twentieth part of
the present duty.
And cotton manufactures, which are now subject
to rates of duty ranging from 30 to 150—the actual
imports of such as are not excluded averaging 50
per cent.—then paid only 5 per cent., raised,1 how-
ever, in 1790, to 7J per cent.
But, subsequent to the passage of the tariff of 1789,
during the administration of General Washington,
and up to the war of 1812, various other acts of Con-
gress were passed, increasing the rates of duty. And
it is a remarkable fact, to which I call the particular
attention of the Senate, that although, in the pream-
ble of the act of 1789, it was declared to be "for the
support of government, for the discharge of the debts
of the United States, and the encouragement and
protection of manufactures," yet, in all the succeed-
ing acts, the principal increase of duties is upon arti-
cles of luxury not manufactured in the United States,
and it is indicated by their titles that the increased
duties were to raise revenue for specific purposes.
The act of 1790 was entitled "an act to raise an ad-
ditional sum to discharge the public debt; the act of
1792, "an act to raise revenue for defending the fron-
tiers against Indian depredations;" another to defend
our commerce in the Mediterranean sea against the
Algerine pirates; and so on throughout. In no- sin-
gle one of these acts is there any allusion in the title
or preamble to the "protection of manufactures;"
from which it is a legitimate inference, that the du-
ties imposed by the tariff of 1789 were regarded as
the full measure of protection to manufactures. But
with all the additions made up to the period of the
war, the duties on manufactures did not average 15
per cent.
But the honorable senator from Massachusetts
seems to regard protection as a sort of metaphysical
entity, entirely independent of the rate of duty, and
depending upon the motive of the legislature. He,
therefore, considers 71 per cent, an ample protection
in 1789; because certain members of Congress and
the preamble declared it to be designed as well to
protect manufactures as to raise revenue. But he
regards the bill on your table, imposing duties four '
times as high,- as denying all protection whatever,
because the duties are horizontal, and called revenue
duties!! If the senator will consent to reduce the
present duties from 40 and 50 to 5 and 7j per cent.,
Jie may entitle the law a protective tariff, as it cer-
tainly will be, as it was in 1789, to the extent of the
duties imposed, I acknowledge myself indebted to
the senator from Massachusetts fnr calling my atten-
tion to the debates on the tariff of 1789; and I recom-
mend every senator to read them who wishes to
draw lessons from these pure and primitive foun-
tains of wisdom and patriotism. During the whole
progress of the debates and proceedings, no one
thought of a rate of duties as high as 10 per cent,
ad. valorem. And when a duty of 6 cents a pound
was proposed on manufactured tobacco—which
could not have exceeded 12; per cent, ad valorem—
it was pronounced to be prohibitory. What pig-
mies were our ancestors in their simple notions of
a protective system and the blessings of high tax-
es! And what a railioad progress have we made
in the mysterious arts .of taxation and plun-
der !
One of the duties proposed in 1789 was a duty of
six cents a gallon on molasses; and so vehement was
the opposition of Massachusetts, that the debate on
this item occupied nearly as much time as the whole
of the other items, and Mr. Ames significantly inti-
mated that the Union would be endangered! And
finally, although Massachusetts did not proceed to
the extremity of nullification, she had the duty re-
duced to 2| cents a gallon.
I should have been surprised at this; but X find,
.from a review of the history of Massachusetts, that
she has always been more sensitive to taxes im-
posed upon herself, and exhibits a more philoso-
phical composure in bearing the burdens imposed
upon others for her own benefit, than any State in
the Union:
Mr. Madison, in the course of that debate, dis-
tinctly avowed himself the advocate of unrestricted
commerce, and laid down his doctrine almost in the
language, and with the very illustrations, of Adam
Smith. When, therefore, he and others spoke of
protection to domestic manufactures, they evidently
meant that incidental protection which would result
from moderate revenue duties, such as were imposed
by the act of 1789.
And when Alexander Hamilton—who is justly re-
garded as the great father of the protective system—
in his celebrated report of 1791, labored through
some fifty pages to demonstrate the policy of pro-
tecting domestic manufactures, shall we not look at
the rates of duty he recommends, to ascertain what
he meant by protection? There was no one recom-
mendation of a protective duty over 10 per cent.;
particularly upon that class of manufactures to
which he referred, as being entitled to protection.
Upon the whole: then, I confidently affirm, that the
provisions of the tariff of 1789, the debates upon it,
and the report of Alexander Hamilton, all concur in
condemning the tariff of 1842, instead of giving it
the slightest countenance. By what strange phi-
losophical deduction the senator reaches the con-
clusion that 5, 7j, and 10 per cent., afforded abun-
dant protection in the infancy of manufactures, when
capital and labor were scarce, and the country had
neither machinery nor skill, and yet, that a duty of
50 per cent, is now necessary, when we have abun-
dance of labor, and capital, and machinery, and
skill, equal to any in the world, I am utterly incapa-
ble of comprehending.
He seems to have taken a lesson from the militia
captain who commanded his company to advance
backwards. He certainly has assumed the high
prerogative of rolling back the current of history,
and reducing our manufactures in the 56th year of
their age to a second and more feeble state of infancy
Up to this day of revelation, it has always been
maintained by the advocates of protection, that
manufactures required a much higher rate of duty
in their infancy than in their maturity. Indeed, the
only ground on which Alexander Hamilton placed
the expediency of protection, was that it would be
a temporary burden imposed upon the people, for
which they would indemnified by ultimately obtain-
ing domestic manufactures cheaper than foreign.
And he expressly declares that "the continuance of
bounties on manufactures long established must
always be of questionable policy; because a pre-
sumption would arise in every such case, that there
were some natural impediments to success."
I now come, Mr. President, to the second stage of
the protective system to which the honorable sen-
ator from Massachusetts on the other side of the
House [Mr. Bates] has principally directed his at-
tention. If 1 understand him, he considers the tariff
of 1816 as the true foundation of the protective sys-
tem; and charges this original sin to South Carolina.
You will recollect, Mr. President, that the honorable
senator from Massachusetts addressed the Senate on
this subject rather unexpectedly. The question had
been postponed; and he called it up without notice,
for the special purpose of making his speech. When
I entered the Senate, I was told at the threshold that
I had better make haste in, for I was m danger of
being "abolished quite." And I found that the hon-
orable senator had opened his batteiies upon me,
and was levelling his discharges at my empty seat.
He seemed, from all appearances, to be perform-
ing a part in high tragedy; and really I had
some apprehension, when he raised his arm aloft
"like eternal Jove," and brought it down with
thundering percussion upon his desk, that he
was about to discuss this great question
upon what Nimrod Wildfire calls "the thunder-
and-lightning principle." I had almost made up
my mind to retreat ingloriously; for I did not know
at what moment a fiery bolt might reach and de-
molish me. But reassured by calling to mind
the example of the just man, resolute m his pur-
pose, described by Horace as standing unterrified,.
amid the ruins of a falling world, I maintained my
ground. And I waa gratified to find that the low-
ering cloud soon vanished, and the thunder died
away in distant echoes, without a flash of lightning
to blast the honorable senator's victim, or a ray of
light to illuminate the subject. Upon inquiry, I
ascertained what it was that had excited this-out-
burst of patriotic indignation on the part of the hon-
orable senator.
I had ventured to insinuate that the honorable
senator from Massachusetts, regarding him as per-
sonating the manufacturers, of his State, "got more
of my money than he spent of his own,.if it were
well reckoned," as John Bull said to Nicholas Frog,
on a similar occasion; and that by a process which
the honorable senator" from Missouri denominates
"bamboqzling," upon high clossical authority.
This charge, not personal, but purely philosoph-
ical, was the "head and front of my offending." And,
indeed, the honorable seemed to feel aggrieved, not
so much at the charge, as al the quarter from which
it came;, that such a charge should be madg by a
senator from South Carolina against the injured and
unoffonding State of Massachusetts!"
Now, sir, I propose to investigate this indignant
and recriminating charge against South Carolina.
If I understand the senator, he regards South
Carolina as the author of the protective system, and
Massachusetts its victim. In other words, it was
forced by South Carolina upon Massachusetts.
What was the true origin, and what the true char-
acter, of the tariff of 1816, which the honorable
senator regards as the beginning of the protective
system? What is there in it to excite his indigna-
tion? The tariff of 1816 originated in the war of
1812; and, so far as that is the foundation for call-
ing South Carolina the author of the protective sys-
tem, I admit and I glory in the charge. Yes, sir; if
the senator had charged South Carolina with being
the author of the war of 1812, he would have come
much nearer to the truth, and would have exposed
the true cause of the feeling still entertained towards
South Carolina. That was a war waged in defence
of our foreign commerce—a commerce in which
Massachusetts was as largely interested as any other •
State in the Union; yet she would not submit to the
temporary privations involved in defending it. And
what was the course of South Carolina' Though
almost the whole amount of her annual productions
sought these foreign markets, which were cutoff by
the war, she disinterestedly encountered every sacri-
fice in maintaining the honor, the rights, and the in-
terests of the whole country. She had then in the
House of Representatives three illustrious but
youthful statesmen, either of whom she might
proudly hold up in comparison with any other
statesman in the Uniom In the gloomiest periods of
the war, their bold and patriotic eloquence raised up
the sinking spirits of the people, and restored them
to confidence and hope. Yes,-Mr. President, when
the fleets of the most powerful nation on eartli
, literally darkened our coasts, and her armies deso-
lated our shores—when the heavens were darkened
above, and the earth trembled beneath—the blue
lights of faction casting their lurid and disastrous
glare over the scene, and serving only to "increase
the darkness visible,"—in that dark and eventful
hour these statesmen of South Carolina
''Stood by their country's glory fast,
And nailed her colors to the mast."
"Where then was the senator from Massachusetts
3nd his political associates? Let history answer
that question, and posterity decide between Massa-
chusetts and South Carolina.
Mr. President, at the close of the war, the ques-
tion presented itself to those who had'conducted it,
what should be the policy of the United States in
fixing a peace establishment? We had incurred
a large debt during the war. The- Secretary of the
Treasury of that day had adopted the feeble policy
of carrying on the war principally by loans, instead
of meeting the emergency by a vigorous system of
finance. To provide for the large debt thus in-
curred, and defray the current expenses of the gov-
ernment, the rate of duties imposed by the act of
1816 was indispensably necessary. The patriots
who carried on the war were not of that political
|| school which regards a "public debt as a public
