May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
The Tariff~Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
blessing;" and their purpose was to extinguish pub-
lic debt as speedily as possible. I should like to
know from the honorable senator from Massa-
chusetts whether an average duty of 20 per cent,
was too low or too high for the purposes just in-
dicated.' If they were too high, and drove tile nav-
igation and commerce of Massachusetts from the
ocean,, upon what ground does he regard a.duty of
50 per cent, at present indispensably necessary?
The permanent rate of duty provided by the act
of 1816, was 20 per cent, ad valorem—at that time
regarded as necessary to raise the requisite reve-
nue. I now propose to inquire upon what grounds
some of the provisions of this act were adopted 
what, in point of fact, is the true character of the act
of 1816, so far as it can be considered in the light of
a protective system, and the proviso which is usual-
ly called the minimum clause; and to that I call the
special attention of the Senate, for it has been sub-
ject to more misapprehension than any of the pro-
visions of this act.
This minimum clause assumed that all manufac-
tures of cotton, costing less than 25 cents per Square
yard should be deemed to have cost 25 cents; and
a duty of 20 per cent, was to be levied on that as-
sumed value. This was a specific duty in disguise,
of 5 cents a square yard upon all cotton goods cost-
ing less than 25 cents a square yard. Since the
speech of the honorable senator was delivered, I
have looked into the whole debate of 1816, as re-
ported in the National Intelligencer. I found there
a letter addressed to Mr. Lowndes by a Mr. Briggs,
a manufacturer of-Massachusetts, in which he states
that a duty of 5 cents was wholly inadequate to
give the necessary protection; and he went into a
calculation to show that a duty of 8 cents a square
yard would be equal to an ad valorem duty of some-
thing over 30 per cent. I also discovered, in on es-
say published by that same gentleman, this fact,
which I regard as very important: he stated that
General Smith, ofMaryland, who was at that time
the representative of the mercantile interest, and
who supported the principles of free trade during his
whole life, had said in his- place that the actual cost
of the course cotton manufactures then made in Eng-
land' was about 24 4-5 cents the square yard. Thus
it appears that the assumed value of cotton manufac-
tures in the act of 1816 corresponded with the actual
cost at that time in Great Britain.
I am aware there'was a coarse and flimsy fabric
then imported from the East Indies, called hum-
hums, which cost abroad less than 25 cents a square
yard. But am also aware that one of the objects
of the minimum clause of the act of 1816, was to ex-
clude this article; for there was then a universal
opinion prevalent among statesmen of all parties,
that the East India trade, which operated as a con-
stant drain of our specie, was injurious, and ought
to be discouraged.
Now, Mr. President, what were the principles
embodied in the act of 1816? Did it involve the
principles of a permanent and, increasing tariff of
protection? or a permanent and decreasing tariff for
revenue? Beyond all question, it it was of the latter
character, and so it conclusively appears upon the
face of the act itself, which provides a temporary
protection of 25 per cent, on cotton and woollen
manufactures, for three years, to be then reduced to
20 per cent.
The honorable senator, [Mr. Choate,] in expound-
ing the tariff of 1789, has given us the commentary
without the text. Now, sir, I have given you the
text of the act of 1816, and shall proceed to give
the commentary. To show you that it was re-
garded as a measure of temporary protection, I will
quote one or two sentences from the remarks of the
most eminent statesmen who were engaged in its
discussion.
Mr. Webster proposed that the duty on cotton
and woollen manufactures should commence at 30
per cent, and come down to 20 at the expiration of
four years, by two successive gradations. Mr.
Clay proposed that the duty should begin at 30 per
cent., and that it should be reduced to 20 in six
years, by three gradations. Upon this the follow-
ing conversation took place:
Mr. Lowndes remarked that "he rejoiced to see gen-
tlemen who had manifested the strongest friendship
for the manufacturing interest, the advocates of a
proposition which would in prospect produce a re-
turn to correct principles."
What said Mr. Calhoun?—whom I suppose the
honorable senator from Massachusetts means when
he says South Carolina is the author of the protec-
tive system, In opposition to Mr. Clay's amendment
he said: ' 'He hoped the amendment would not pre-
vail. He believed the mode proposed by the ori-
ginal motion was correct; and that the permanent
duty of 20 per cent, was ample protection."
~ ' I have now given an exposition of the system of
1816—that protective system which the honorable
senator from Massachusetts has solemnly declared
was fatal to the commerce of the country, and com-
pelled Massachusetts to abandon navigation and
commerce, and embark against her will in the busi-
neso of producing manufactures!! If the honora-
ble senator considers the act of 1816 as the origin of
the. protective system, will he be kind enough to in-
troduce a revenue bill providing the same rate of ad
valorem duties? The bill I have introduced is found-
ed upon the basis of that act—the rate of duties it
provides being, with a few exceptions, precisely
the same. And what does the other honorable sen-
ator from Massachusetts say of this bill of mine?
Why, sir, with the act of 1816 staring him in the
face, and a proposition of Mr. Madison before him,
made in 1789, to impose only a duty of 5 percent,
on all _ imports, he is pleased to characterize my
proposition with the tone and manner of one who
assumes the right to assign to every man his place,
and give to everything its name, as a "stupendous
novelty;" a thing without example in legislation,
withhdrawing " all protection whatever" and consign-
ing the manufacturers to final and eternal perdition.
And yet it gives as much protection as the act of
1816, which the other senator from Massachusetts
says destroyed commerce, and from six to ten times
as much as the act of 1789, which the senator him-
self [Mr. Choate] said was then amply sufficient."
In what, then, does this stupendous novelty consist?
Not, it seems, in the rate of duties, but in their uni-
formity.
A horizontal tariff! an absolute water level! in
equal violation of the laws of hydrostatics and
of the protective system! Such a system, in the
opinion of the honorable senator, would instantly
cause the water wheel of every factory to stand
as stock still as the current of a standing pool._
Such, Mr. President, is the profound and philo-
sophical reasoning of the senators from Massachu-
setts, from the historical progress of the protective
system, up to the year 1824.
The next great era in the progress of the protect-
ive system, was produced by the tariff of 1824, by
which the duty on woollen manufactures was raised
from 20 to 33^ per cent.; thjit on cotton manufac-
tures from 5 to 7j cents a square yard, and the du-
ties upon Swedish iron and Russian hemp in a still
greater proportion.
In the year 1820, when the increased duties after-
wards imposed by the act of 1824 were in agitation,
Mr. Webster, at a public meeting in the town of
Boston, over which Judge Story presided, declared
that the protective duties then in contemplation were,
in his opinion, of doubtful constitutionality; and that
meeting passed a string of resolutions, which were
lately read at the instance of the honorable senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Bagby,] which furnished a
clear and conclusive answer to every argument now
advanced ir. favor of the protective system. What
then were the principles of Massachusetts in 1824?
She stood shoulder to shoulder with South Carolina in
opposition t.o the tariff of that year; and it is worthy
of special remark that, with the exception of two or
three votes from Western Vnginia. there was not a
single vote given in either branch of Congress from
any State south or southwest of the Potomac, in
favor of that measure. But, in 1825, a great polit-
ical alliance took place between the East and West,
one of the fruits of which was soon seen in the new
attitude suddenly assumed by Massachusetts in
regard to the protective system. Mr. Webster,
from being the leading opponent of that system, all
at once became its prominent supporter. And the
reason openly and deliberately given by that distin-
guished statesman for sacrificing his constitutional
scruples, his principles of political economy, of po-
litical justice, and of equal taxation, was that it had
become the interest of Massachusetts to support a
system which, (to use his own language in 1820,)
was calculated to "favor great capitalists, rather than
personal industry or the owners of small capitals;"
to make "thefanner give mole than he now does
for ail lie bays, and receive less for all he sells;" and
finally, "to diminish the industry, impede the pros-
perity, anil corrupt the morals of the people."
Such, sir, were the conclusive arguments urged in
advance against the tariff of 1824, and such the great
principles of justice and equality which Massachu-
setts sacrificed at the shrine of her -own pecuniary
interest.
Accordingly, Mr. Webster voted for the tariff of
1828, and has ever since been a prominent support-
er of the interests of "large capitalists," making "the
farmer give more for all he buys and receive less for
all he sells;" and at the same time "diminishing the
industry, impeding the prosperity, and corrupting
the morals of the people."
But the honorable senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bates] has selected certain votes given by the
representatives of the South, including myself, in-
creasing the duties upon certain articles in the tariff
of 1828.
Now, I will inform that senator that those votes
were given to defeat that "bill of abominations,"
urged upon the country to promote the special im 
terests of Massachusetts. We saw that this sys-
tem of protection was about to assume more gigan-
tic dimensions, and to devour the substance of the
country, and we determined to put such ingredients
in the chalice as would poison the monster, and
commend it to his own lips. This is what is some-
times called "fighting the devil with fire," a policy
which, though I did not altogether approve, I adopt-
ed in deference to the opinions of those with whom
I acted. In 1832, the public debt having been ex-
tinguished, the tariff of that year was passed, retain-
ing all the more oppressive features of the act of
1828, and relieving the manufacturing States from
almost all the burdens of taxation. This tariff was
nullified by South Carolina, and out of this grew the
compromise of 1833, which was regarded as a final
adjustment of the question of protection, providing
for a gradual reduction of the duties till they reach-
ed the revenue point of 20 per cent. But in 1842
the manufacturers again beseiged the Capitol; and,
in violation of the faith solemnly plighted by the
act of 1833, induced Congress to pass the present
tariff, incomparably more unjust and appressive, as
I shall hereafter show, than the tariff of 1832.
Having thus closed the historical review of the
protective system, I shall now proceed to answer
some of the prominent arguments in favor of the
tariff of 1842.
And I shall first examine an argument of the sen-
ator from Maine, which he ventures to drawfrom
the historical facts I have disclosed. He says that,
from 1789 to the present time, every increase of pro-
tective duties has invariably produced an increase
of revenue, an increase of foreign commerce, and a
diminution of the price of manufactures, foreign and
domestic. Now, sir, I am happy to meet the hon-
orable senator upon a proposition of fact so broad,
tangible, and comprehensive. We have seen, then,
that the temporary duties of 1816 were 25 per cent.,
and that, after eight years had elapsed, the manu-
facturers came to Congress, though these temporary
duties had been prolonged till 1826, and declared
that so far from being able to undersell the foreign
manufacturers with a protection of 25 per cent., they
could not maintain the competition unless the pro-
tective duties were raised some 50 per cent, higher.
This additional protection was accordingly given.
Did it produce that reduction of prices which the
senator from Maine has told us invariably results
from increased protective duties? Precisely the re-
verse. In less than four years, the manufacturers
made a still more clamorous appeal to Congress, de-
claring ihat they would be totally ruined, and
their capital annihilated, unless Congress would
add 50 per cent, more to the protective du-
ties. And upon this allegation, the tariff of 1828
was passed, raising the protective duties greatly
above 50 per cent, ad valorem. So that we have
the great historical fact, that in every stage of the
progress of manufactures, from 1816 to 1828, thero
has been an increasing necessity for protective du-
ties, clearly and conclusively demonstrating that
they were higher in 1828, as compared with the
price of foreign manufactures, than they were in
1816. Whatever reductions, therefore, may have
taken place in the price of domestic manufactures
between 1816 and 1828, a still greater reduction
took place in the price of foreign manufactures
during the same period. And if, as the manufactu-
rers declared, double the rate of protective duties
was required m 1828 to enable the domestic manu-
facturers to meet their foreign competitors in our
own markets that was required m 1816, it follows
that the fail in the price of domestic manufactures
m the interval was 25 per cent, less than it was ill
foreign countries. Owing to the reduction of the
circulating medium, the accumulation of capital,
and the great improvements in machinery, there
