May, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 The Tariff—Mr. McDuffie.
tsi
Senate.
creased fifty per cent. The market, then, which the
planting States furnish for western produce, exceeds
the entire demand created by the manufacturers for
the farming productions of the whole United States.
Now, sir, it is curious to observe the mutations of
opinion and of principle exhibited by great men. In
a speech delivered by Mr. Webster at an agricul-
tural meeting in New York not long ago, he said it
was a great mistake to say that high duties were im-
posed upon imports to protect the manufacturers;
for that the real object was to protect the farmers.
This was certainly suiting the action to the word,
and the word to the occasion.-,
Now hear what this same Mr. Webster said be-
' fore a large meeting of merchants in Boston in 1820.
Alluding to tlie proposed protective tariff, he
said: "We are equally incapable of discovering
its beneficial effects on agriculture, since the
obvious consequence of its adoption would be,
that the farmer must give more than he now does for
all he buys, and receive less for all he sells." Now,
if this be sound doctrine—and truth, we have been
told, is eternal—it will puzzle even Mr. Webster to
show how the farmers are benefited by obtaining a
market in which they give more for all they buy,'
and receive les<s for all they sell! Why, sir, this
beats Falstaff! _ That illustrious knight, on a- cer-
tain occasion, said, "If any man -is disposed- to bet
me a hundred pounds, let him lend, me the money,
and I am his man." Now, as Sir John was notori-
ous for never paying a debt, like some other great
men,'it would have been a losing business to accept
his challenge. -The fate of his antagonist would cer-
tainly have been, to pay if he lost, and lose if he
won. In either case his hundred pounds would
have changed pockets. Now the proposition of the
manufacturers is even more bold than that of Pal-
staff. They say to the farmers, "If you want a mar-
ket for your wheat and potatoes, give us the money
and we will purchase to your heart's content! "
But I hasten to notice another of the oft repeated
fallacies of the advocates of protection—that the pro-
tective system increases the demand for domestic la-
bor. In reply to the complaint of the senator from
Maine, that the exporters of cotton employed for-
eign labor to convert it into manufactures, I stated
that foreign countries employed as much of our la-
bor engaged in producing cotton, as we employed of
theirs engaged m producing the manufactures obtain-
ed for it. - And the honorable senator, intending to
answer my argument, really confirmed and enlarged
it. He stated, on the authority of some British
writer, that in the manufacture of cotton 250,000 la-
borers, by the aid of machinery, performed the
work of 6,000,000—an increase of 24 to 1. It fol-
lows, therefore, as cotton and all our agricultural
exports are produced by labor, and not machinery,
foreign nations employ twenty-four times as much
of our labor, as we do of theirs. Now .this view of
the subject, which 1 must think the honorable sena-
tor introduced rather unadvisedly, leads to a con-
- elusion which he certainly did not intend to draw
from it. It discloses the fact that 5,750,000 laborers
out of 6,000,000 are thrown out of employment by
the use of machinery in the cotton manufactories of
England. Now it is quite obvious that the" same
causes -must produce the same results in the United
States; and with these facts before him, it will be an
uphill business for the honorable senator from
Maine to prove that forcing manufactures, and sub-
stituting machinery for labor, is exactly the best
process of "giving employment to the poor laborer."
Mr. President, there .never was a greater national
imposture, got up by any priesthood, than the great
monopolists have invented to delude their followers
and their victims. The protective system could not
be better defined than to say, "it is a system con-
trived to levy contribution upon the whole labor of
the country, under the false pretence of giving it
protection."
I shall now proceed, Mr. President, not to answer,
but to exhibit to the Senate, and to the world, an
argument of the honorable senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Bates,] which I regard as one of the
most extraordinary intellectual curiosities of the age.
And yet it is the concentrated essence, of all the ar-
guments in favor of the protective system. I give
it m his precise words, for it cannot be translated:
"The predecessor of the senator from South Carolina,
discussing tlie subject of the tariff, told the Senate that a
friend of his, returning from abroad, informed him that prices
were much lower there than in the United States. The
coat that cost him (say) but,$20 there, would have cost him
$30 here. Now, I say the coat cost iho country $50, in-
stead of $20. The American farmer, manufacturer, and tai-
lor, lost $Sft, while the price paid was $'20. ,
Now, Mr. President, though I protest against the
idea that my distinguished predecessor had to learn
from a "friend returning from abroad" the extraor-
dinary secret that "prices were much lower there
than in the United States," [ will take.the argument
as n is stated. I do not propose to expound it; for,
although I have no doubt that it is perfectly demon-
strative of the wisdom of the protective policy, it is
quite beyond my poor powers of analysis. I pro-
pose, however, with very great respect, a plan of
preserving and propagating it, for the general ben-
efit of the commercial and civilized world. I would
then suggest to the honorable senator that he write
COpy the ar&ument and its illustrations,
with his own hand, and upon parchment, to be de-
posited in the National Institute; and that he have
as many facsimile copies struck off as will supply
every university, philosophical society, and literary
institution in the world with one copy—taking spe-
cial care not to omit China; for even that Celestial
Empire, after having been wrapped up in the pro-
found wisdom of the protective system for 330,000
years, (according to the chronology of Confucius,)
is now about to relapse, if it has not already re-
lapsed, into the fatal heresy of free trade. If the
honorable senator will follow my advice, I may ven-
ture to promise, both for himself and his "great ar-
gument," an immortality that will survive the, pyra-
mids. He may confidently exclaim, with the Latin
poet—
"Exegi monumentum aere perennius!" •
for, when the great obelisk which now stands proud-
ly exalted in the Place Vendome of Paris, literally
constructed of the brazen trophies of a thousand
victories, and surmounted with a colossal statue of
the hero who achieved these victories, shall have
sunk into a corrodcd mass of ruins, this monument
of the honorable senator shall flourish "in immor-
tal^ youth."
But I have another recommendation to make, with
a view exclusively to the United States. I propose,
then, that the honorable senator have this argument
thrown into verse, by some distinguished lyric poet,
and set to music. I would then advise that the man-
ufacturers raise a purse, by contribution, and em-
ploy some three or four hundred wandering min-
strels to travel over the United States, in the manner
of the troubadours of former days, or the drunken
songsters of the present day, and sing this immor-
tal argument, to the great national air of "Yankee
Doodle." And, as the honorable senator is a true
^ might not be amiss to have another version
prepared, to be sung, in like manner, at all log-cabin
meetings and coon-skm processions, to the favorite
air of "Zip Coon."
The honorable senator having wrought himself
up to a pitch of enthusiasm, by his great men-
tal effort, went so far as to suggest that oranges
could be very advantageously produced in this
country with adequate protection. He grants, to
be sure, that they might be a little dearer at first
than imported oranges, but seems to have no doubt
that domestic competition would soon make them
cheaper. Now, sir, as I should be very glad to see
such a triumph of protected enterprise as an or-
ange grove in Massachusetts, I beg leave to give the
honorable senator a few hints for his encouragement.
It is very evident that nothing is wanting to insure
the success of such an enterprise—but soil and solar
heat. The first could be obtained on the banks of
the lower Mississippi at very low rates, and the
transportation of it would give extensive and profit-
able employment to our navigating interest. This
would, of itself, be a new branch of domestic in-
dustry. But the want of solar heat would seem, on
a superficial view of the subjcct, to interpose an in-
superable obstacle to success. But I am happy to
have it my power to put the senator upon a plan
by which he can completely overcome this natural
impediment. For this purpose I will now exhibit
the example and the invention of a great chemical
philosopher. I quote from a writer on the progress
of modern improvements: "The first man I saw,"
says this writer, "was of a meagre aspect, with
sooty hands and face, His clothes, shirt, and skin,
were all of the same color. lie had been eight
years upon a project of extracting sunbeams out of
cucumbers, to be put into phials hermetically sealed,
and given out to warm the air 111 raw and inclement
summers. He told me he did not doubt that, m
eight years more, he should be able to supply the
governor's gradens with sunshine at a reasonable
rate. But he complained that his stock was low,
and entreated me to give him something as an en-
couragement of domestic ingenuity," especially as
this had l^een a dear year for cucumbers." I now
leave the honorable senator to profit by this great
example, and shall proceed to a graver view of tlie
subject.
The view of this protective policy which most
powerfully addresses itself to every American pa-
triot and statesman, is that which regards its unjust
and oppressive operation upon those States of this
Union which produce the great staples of exporta-
tion. As regards its effects on this great interest, I
confidently pronounce it ojje of the most stupendous
schemes of crushing, exterminating oppression, and
irresponsible despotism, ever exhibited in the history
of taxation and tyranny.
There is nothing in the history, even of British
taxation, to compare with it. Upon five States- of
the Union it is, to all intents and purposes, a tax
upon their annual income of at least 33£ per cent,
higher than the estimated aggregate of all the taxes
of Great Britain at any time during the wars of the
French revolution. The - situation of the planting
States is, in one respect, without example. Their
annual income is almost exclusively derived from
agricultural exports. These exports are exchanged
for fbreign manufactures; and upon these latter,
the whole federal revenue is raised by import du-
ties. Butthe truth is not half told. In addition to
the duties imposed for the support of an extrava-
gant government, an equal rate is added to provide
protective bounties for the manufacturers. Sir,
there never was a branch of productive industry
that could exist under such a system; and if it be
not speedily thrown off, this great exporting inte-
rest is doomed to extermination—utter extermina-
tion.
Mr. President, I have, heretofore, discussed this
great question upon the principles of political econ-
omy. I now propose to ascend to the still higher
principles of constitutional equality and political
justice. And, I ask, by what right, human or di-
vine, the producers of the staples of exportation
can be restricted by protective and prohibitive du-
ties from exchanging them for manufactures in
those markets, where they can obtain most for
them? But there is a more pertinent question.
What right have the manufacturers to ask this
government to impose such restrictions, to increase
the value of their own productions, by diminishing
the value of these agricultural exports precisely to
the same extend Sir, it is a flagrant violation of
the right of property. The fundamental element
of the right of property, is the right to dispose of it
in such a way as will best promote the interest of
the proprietor. It is absurd to suppose a right of
property in the great staple productions of the ex-
porting States, while other antagonist interests
usurp the power of restricting the exchange of
them at pleasure. Sir, that man is my master who
can exercise such a power over the disposition of
my property.
The whole country would revolt at the enormous
injustice of this system of disguised robbery, were
it not for the popular delusion which has been art-
fully propagated, that imported manufactures are
not the productions of domestic industry. I have
labored for fifteen years to expose this fallacy, and
I again call the attention of the Senate to it,
mainly for (he purpose of sustaining my views by
an authority which I know to be very high with the
manufacturing interests. In looking back to the
debates on the tariff of 1824, I find the following
doctrine laid down by Mr. Webster:
"Some other gentlemen (says he) in the course of the de-
bate, have spoken of the price paid for ever) foreign man-
ufacture, as so much given for the encouragement
of foreign labor. But is not every such article the product
of our o .vn.lahor, as much as if we had manufactured it our-
selves? Our labor has earned it, and paid the price for it."J
And again:
'•One man makes a yard of cloth at home, another raises
agricultural products, and buys a yard of imported cloth.
But these are equally the earnings of domestic industry."
Now it is only necessary to extend these simple
and self-evident propositions to the whole of our an-
nual exports and imports, and this great national
delusion about protecting domestic against foreign
industry, "vanishes into thin air." What is true of
one yard of cloth, is true of the whole of our imports.
And to show the extent of the burden Imposed upon
the exporting States, I state broadly that the whole
of the duty-paying imports, with a trivial exception,
are paid for by the agricultural staples of cotton, to-
bacco, rice, and the productions of farming industry;
whereas all the foreign imports used in manufac-
turing, and paid for by exported manufactures, pay
