?52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1844.
28th Cons 1st Sess.
Tlx Tariff—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
no duty at all, or one that is merely nominal. Our
whole system, therefore, is a system of free trade
for the manufacturers, and of unjust and oppressive
restrictions for the planters and farmers. And what
is there in the nature of this great branch of ex-
porting industry, to expose it to the imperial bah of
this protective system? Why should it be offered
up as a sacrifice at the shrine of a great manufac-
turing monopoly? Does it contribute less to the
wealth of the whole country? Does it contribute
less, nay, does it not contribute everything to the
public revenue?
Let me call your attention a moment to a compar-
ative view of these great rival branches of our na-
tional industry. Since we have assembled here, Mr.
President, we have witnessed a rise of at least 25 per
cent, in the price of domestic manufactures, owing to
the tariff of 1842; and senators have triumphantly
appealed to the- prosperity thus produced in the
manufacturing portions of the Union, as proof of the
wisdom of that iniquitous measure. Now what
has been the actual effect produced upon the wealth
Of the United States by this rise in the price of
manufactures? Estimating the annual production of
these manufactures at §160,000,000, it will increase
the income of the manufacturers $40,000,000. But
does it add a solitary cent to the aggregate wealth of
the whole country? As these manufactures are
consumed in the United States, it is self-evident that
the consumers of them lose precisely as much by
the increased price as the producers of them gain.
The whole results in transferring $40,000,0000 from
all other classes of our people to this plundering
combination of manufacturing monopolists. Can
the imagination conceive a more comprehensive and
insidious schepie of making 'a nation of freemen
tributary to a moneyed oligarchy! ! But at one
period during this session, the price of cotton rose,
from natural causes, to such an extent that the esti-
mated increase of value of the export was $15,000,-
000. Now what was the effect of this rise on
the wealth of the country? As the increased price
of our exports is always paid by foreigners, it
it is self-evident that the annual income of the coun-
try would have increased just $15,000,000 by this rise,
if it had been maintained. But this is not all. The
increased importation of foreign manufactures which
would have taken place, would have yielded an
actual increase of $6,000,000 to the public revenue;
while the increase of $40,000,000, in the price of
domestic manufacturers, operating simply as a tax
upon the people at large, to enrich a few, has added
nothing at all to that revenue. It is obvious, then,
that whatever enhances the price of domestic manu-
factures diminishes the wealth of all the people of
the United States, except the manufacturers, to the
full measure of that enhancement; and that what-
ever enhances the price of agricultural exports in-
creases proportionately the wealth of the country,
and the revenue of the government.
■ Will any man now say that our exporting indus-
try is not national industry11 And will he deny, on
■the pther hand, that manufacturing industry is the
only branch that can be properly called sectional?
Accordingly, it is invariably found, that when
cotton—the great instrument of our' commer-
cial exchanges—bears a high price, the whole
country prospers. And yet the result of the protect-
ive system, is to depress the price of our exports,
and increase the price of both foreign and domestic
manufactuics. The question between a revenue
and a protective tariff is simply this. If the ex-
porting interest will agree to pay the whole of
the federal revenue, will you exempt, them
from any further burdens? They make this
generous offer now probably for the last time.
And how is it received? The manufacturers
say, "No! You must not only pay 20 per cent, upon
your annual exports to supply the public revenue,
but 20 more to increase our dividends from 10 to
20 per cent." This is the language they practically
hold to us; and the Hood must boil in the veins of a
freemen at the bare repetition of it.
But, the honorable senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Simmons] has roost kindly interposed his char-
itable oOices in attempting to satisfy me that free
trade would be utterly ruinous to the exporting
States, and that it is much more advantageous to
exchange our staples for Rhode Island calicoes at 30
cents a yard, than to exchange them for English
calicoes at 20 cents a yard. And to accomplish this
object, the honorable senator went through a process
of figuring, which I did not exactly comprehend. I
believe, however, I understand the result. In the
first place, he started me off as a sort of supercargo
to exchange the whole cotton crop of the country-
assumed to be two millions of bales—for foreign
manufactures. He also assumed that the cotton,
when 1 set out upon-the adventure, was worth nine-
ty millions of dollars; and-then demonstrated, to his
own entire satisfaction no doubt, that I would re-
turn with a cargo of manufactures worth only fifty-
two millions of dollars, subject, however, to a debt
of eleven millions of dollars I had some how
contracted, and not paid. So that, instead
of allowing me to make any, profit on
this great commercial operation, he brought
me back with a cargo worth something less
than half the value of that with which I started.
Indeed, 1 at one time thought, during the senator's
calculations, that he had ciphered me out of the
whole cfltton crop; and I felt as blank as I once did
when a travelling conjuror tricked me out of the -first
half dollar I ever owned, while I could have sworn
that I had it between my hands. The honorable
senator then went through another process to show
that, by carrying the cotton to New England and
exchanging it for domestic manufactures I should
return with a cargo worth $90,000,000, and at the
same time add $90,000,000 to the wealth of New
England. Now, I- believe that the great.difference
in the results of these two adventures was produced
by the senator in a very simple way—by deducting
the cost of the cheap foreign goods from the price
of the cotton as so much lost to the country, and ad-
ding the cost of the dear domestic goods as so much
gained! This is certainly a pretty clear proof of the
difference between subtraction and addition, if it
prove nothing else.
But I must be permitted to say to the senator,
again using the language of John Bull—I ask par-
don for quoting the same authority so often:—uMy
good friend, though I am not quite so nimble in the
fingers, I understand ciphering as well as you."
And now I propose to try my hand at political arith-
metic, and see if I cannot work out this compara-
tive problem of foreign and domestic exchanges so
as to produce a result somewhat different from that
of the honorable senator.
To simplify the process, I will dispense with the
agency of money, and make it a mere matter of ex-
change, as all commerce really is. I assume, there-
fore, that for the 2,000,000 bales of cotton I obtain
2,000,000 bales of manufactures in foreign coun-
tries. If there were no duties to be paid at our cus-
tom-house—in other words, if these productions of
the exporting industry of the country were placed
upon a footing of perfect equality with similar pro-
ductions of manufacturing industry—it is apparent
that the annual income of the exporting States, their
means of enjoying the necessaries, comforts, and
luxuries of life, so far as these can be supplied by
manufactures, would be precisely measured by the
number of bales received. But suppose these im-
ports to be subject to pay at our custom-house a
revenue duty of 20 per cent: in that case, I should
have to sell 400,000 of these bales of manufactures
to pay the duty; and the annual income of the ex-
porting States would be reduced to 1,600,000. Let
us now suppose these imports to be subject to a
duty of 40 per cent.; the additional 20 being imposed
as so much additional protection to home-made
manufactures. Here it is obvious that 800,000 bales
would be required to pay the duty, and that the an-
nual income of the States in question would be re-
duced to 1,200,000.-
Here, Mr. President, you have a plain view of
what would be the income of the exporting States
under the respective conditions of absolute free
trade, revenue duties, and protective duties; show-
ing how much of the productions of their industry
■annually go the support of government, how much
to protect domestic manufacturers, and how much is
left for their own consumption. This simple analysis
will show the absurdity of the idea, that the bur-
dens imposed upon the people by the protective
system are proportioned to the quantity of duty-
paying commodities they consume. The true meas-
ure of these burdens, on the contrary, is the quan-
tity of these commodities they are prevented from
consuming. This fallacy arises from confounding
money prices with real values; as if 1,200,000 bales
of manufactures were worth as much to the con-
sumers as 2,000,000, beeause they paid the same
price for them ! I have thus, Mr"President, traced
out the operation of exchanging our domestic pro-
ductions for foreign manufactuics; and the senator
from Rhode Island will pcreeive that, if the adven-
ture has been a losing one to the cotton planters, it
is because they have been compelled to surrender
one-fifth of their return Cargo to the government,
and another fifth to the honorable senator and his
associate monopolists.
Now I shall" not follow the senator through his
process of- exchanging the cotton crop of the
South and Southwest for northern manufactu-
rers; for even if the manufacturers could pur-
chase the whole cotton crop, instead of one-
seventh part of it, it is evident, that under'the pres-
ent tariff, the quantity of domestic manufactures
which could be obtained for that crop, would be
precisely equal to that .of foreign manufactures;
1,200,000 bales, instead of 2,000,000. under asystem
of perfect free trade, or 1,600,000 bales under a sys-
tem of revenue duties. , '
But if the senator from Rhode Island will permit
me, I will bring this (juestion to the test of an illus-
tration \vhich both he and-I will more feelingly com-
prehend. The honorable senator is a manufacturer
of cotton-goods; I am a producer of raw cotton.
This is not a mere hypothesis. I send three hundred
bales of cotton to_ England, and exchange them for
as many bales of manufactures. These manufactures
are the lawful earnings, the annual' productions of
my industry. It so happens, 1 will suppose, that,
as I enter the harbor of Charleston, I come abreast
with the honorable senator in a Rhode Island brig,
freighted with just three hundred bales of manu-
factures, the same in quantity, kind, and quality as
my own. - Now, I put it to the conscience ,of the
honorable senator to say whethe.' he has any better
title to his three hundred bales of manufactures than
I have to mine. Are they not both equally the pro-
ductions of domestic industry? equally contribu-
tive to the national wealth? and equally en-
titled to the • protection of the government,
and liable to the burdens necessary for its sup-
port' Yet mark the unjust and revolting discrimi-
nation which I am about to state. I am required
by the collector to pay a cash duty; and, to raise the
money, I am compelled to sell 120 bales of my
manufactures before I can introduce the productions
of my own industry into my own State; while the
honorable senator is permitted to introduce his 300
bales of Rhode Island productions undiminished
and free of duty! 1 very naturally remonstrate
with the collector, and ask him upon what grounds
he makes this invidious discrimination?—why a
citizen of South Carolina cannot introduce the pro-
ductions of that State without giving up two-fifths
of these productions, while a stranger to the State
may introduce the productions of another State
without any curtailment whatever? The collector
replies, and truly replies, that 60 of the bales I had
to sell were demanded to raise revenue, and the
other 60 to give protection to the manufactures of
the senator from Rhode Island!! Now mark the
further progress and final conclusion of this pro-
ceeding. The honorable senator enters South Caro-
lina with his 300 bales undiminished, and I with
mine reduced to 180; and these numbers furnish the
exact proportion between the annual incomes of the
senator and myself, under the protective system,
derivedfrom the same quantity of productions. But the
enormity is not yet fully disclosed. The very law
which deprives me of two-fifths of my income, en-
ables the senator from Rhode Island to extort from
my constituents 40 per cent, more for his manufac-
tures than they are intrinsically worth.
Now, Mr. President, here is an unvarnished and
unexaggerated statement; and 1 challenge the sena-
tor from Rhode Island to produce a parallel instance
of injustice and oppression in the annals of human
despotism. ,And I now tell that honorable senator,
and alt his associates, that the people of the export-
ing States will not submit, and ought not to submit,
to this degrading system of tributary vassalage, by
- which they are reduced to the condition of overseers
managing the estates of absentee proprietors. Sir,
the senator from Rhode Island receives double the
income from my estate that I receive myself; and he
and I are a true personation of the great interests we
lespectively represent
I suggested on a former occasion, merely to illus-
trate the inequality of our present system of reve-
nue and protection, that if the exporting States form-
ed an independent confederacy, they could obtain
an ample revenue from a duty of 10 per cent, on im-
ports; and that, in consequence of the change, the
people of the exporting States would be able import
annually manufactures to the amount of $108',000,-
000 instead of the present amount of $72,000,000.
In replying to this view, the senator from Maine,
not disputing the facts, asked—as he had repeatedly
! done before—how it would be possible for a popu-
