758
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Stewart,
H. of Reps.
Buren's administration, the estimates of the officers in
charge of these works, were withheld by the secretary
contrary to his uniform practice ,• and contrary to his duty,
unless ordered so to do by the executive. But Mr. Van Bu- -
reu/had not only withheld the estimates, and thus stopped
the appropriations for these objects, but he had actually
sold the snag boats, and the tools on the Cumberland roaa,
as the end and final winding up of all these operations; and
whilst he thus withheld every dollar from the interior and
the West, he more than doubled the expenditures of govern-
ment. (Here was smother call to order by Mr. Cave John-
son and others—sustained by tb.ft Chair.) Why had the gen-
tlemen not called his friend from Missouri [Mr. Jameson] to
order, when he appled e.Yl sorts of epithets to the wings—
called them the ''fag ends"—a party without principles,
bank and anti-bank., tariff and anti-tariff, abolition and anti-
abolition? This was all in ordeh He had told us, that for
"principles the Mrhigs had substituted coonery, coons, coon-
skins, hard-c,ider, cider barrels, canoes, and carousals."
They had promised much, and performed nothing.
These were ^ the gentleman's words as reported; yet
this was all in brder—perfectly in order; but to show
in reply whfct the whig principles were, and- their
effects, was all out of order. Be it so. And as it was
ou^ of or'xerto say any thing against Mr. Van Buren, he
would uave to submit and pass to something else.
"Look to tariff and retrenchment for means. '
It had been asked by several gentlemen, Where was the
money to come from "to m&ke these improvements'? If in
order, he would answer the inquiry.' He would, in the first
place, adhere to the present protective tariff, which would
soon yield an ample surplus, by making the people prosper-
ous, and furnishing them the means to purchase and con-
sume foreign imports; the revenue would always be in ex-
act proportion to the ability of the people, to purchase and
consume foreign goods. And in the next place, he would
get the moaey for their western improvements, by retrench-
ing the expenditures on the seaboard, on the army, and
navy, and forts, and fortifications. The increased expendi-
tures for the war and naval departments had been enor-
mous, and ought to be greatly reduced. The average ex-
penditures for the war and navy departments during Mr.
Adams's administration, amounted to only $7,750,000 per
year; during Mr. Van Buren's administration, they had in-
creased to $16,872,000 per year, and this year there is re-
quired upwards of seventeen millions'! In these blanches,
there ought to be a reduction of five or six millions at least.
He would never vote for duties on tea or coffee, or other-
wise tax his constituents, to keep up these enormous and
useless establishments—useless, and worse than useless. In
peace and in war, a good system of roads and canals, with
the citizens, • soldiers, and volunteers, rapidly concentrated
and moved without fatigue to any point w&ere their pres-
ence might be required, was a more efficient and available
system of defence for such a country as this, than all the
forts and fortifications, and standing armies, that could be
raised; For this he had the authority of the most distin-
guished men that ever graced the War Department of this
government—and among them, Calhoun, Cass, and Spencer,
whose reports on this subject were most able and conclu-
sive. With the railroads since constructed from this city,
North and South, what hostile foot could have ever pro-
faned this capitol? Before the enemy could have got out to
sea from Baltimore, the forces from Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, and Baltimore, could have been concentrated,
with all their munitions of war, at this point for its defence.
Of what use were your forts? The enemy went round them,
and captured and burnt your city almost without resistance;
and with the present improvements in the West, Upper Can-
ada would have been taken without a struggle. He would,
therefore, take from the army and navy, and from forts and
fortifications, enough to make all these western improve-
ments, without increasing the expenditures of the govern-
ment, or the burdens of the people. •
The claims of these -western rivers to the fostering care
of the government were peculiar and imperative. These
rivers were the internal concerns of no State in the Union;
they were external to all the States—they were boundaries;
like the Atlantic, they washed, the shores of many States,
but passed through the territory of none. No State, there-
fore, ever had, or ever would appropriate a dollar for their
improvement; hence they must be improved by the govern-
ment, or remain forever as they now are. The subject
would, he hoped, be referred to a sclect committee, or the
Committee on Roads and Canals, and not to the Ways and
Means, who have, we are informed, refused to appropriate
one dollar to internal improvements of any kind, no doubt
on constitutional grounds, as two-thirds of that committee
were friends of Mr. Van Buren, who denied the power, as
had been shown.
The constitutional power considered.
How any constitutional lawyer could deny to this gov-
ernment the power to improve rivers and make roads and
canals, he haa always been at a loss to comprehend. This
power was just as clear, and sustained on precisely the
same grounds, as the power to erect a fort, improve a har-
bor, or to purchase a mail bag. The constitution gave Con-
gress no express authority to do any of these tilings.; they
were incidental to the power of defence—of "regulating
commerce''and "establishing1 post offices," which powers
necessarily carried with them the means of their own exe-
cution; but the express authority was given to Congress to
pass all laws necessary and proper to carry into effect these
powers. Hence the power to defend the country gave Con-
gress the right to purchase cannon and erect forts as the
means of defence. Now, if a railroad or canal was found to
be as available for defence as a fort, had they not as good
a right to adopt it?" Who could doubt it? The constitution
says "Congress may reguldte commerce with foreign na-
tions rf".id among the States '' What right have you to build
a ship or improve a harbor7 The constitution is silent up-
*> i the subject. It is because you have the power to regu-
late commerce with foreign nations. And was it not man-
ifest that you have precisely the same power to regulate
commerce among the States by improving rivers or har-
bors, or other means equally appropriate to this end? Most
clearly. To have specified in the constitution all the means,
would have been to make a code and not a constitution. -
You have whole systems of legislation in relation to the
transportation of the ^mail? Whence the right to pass all
these laws imposing fines and forfeitures'? It could .only be
&ustained as incidental to/the power conferredon Congress
"to establish post offices and post roads." Now if roads
were as'necessary to transport the mail as coaches and con-
tractors, n)ail bags, &c., has Congress not the same right to
construct them as' means to accomplish this end? Certainly
they had. Thus each grant of power carried with it, as a
necessary and indispensable incident, the means of its own
execution. The military power Carried the right to con-
struct military roads; the commercial •power, commercial
roads; and the post office power, post roads. Without the
right to adopt means, these grants .Of power would be idle
and nugatory. When it is proposed to construct a road or
canal, the question for Congress to consider is, whether it
is necessary and proper as a means of executing any of
•the constitutional powers of Congress? Defence in war,
commercc in peace, or the transportation of the mail, if its
fitness to any ot these ends was admitted, the question was
settled, and this, right to construct it was undoubted. This
was briefly his view of the constitutional power of Congress
over the whole subject, and it was fully sustained by Chief
Justice Marshall in the opinion delivered in the case of Mc-
Culloch and Maryland.
The tariff and protection.
Many gentlemen, and the gentlemen (rom South-Caroli-
na [Mr. Holmes] among the rest, had introduced the tariff
into this discussion ^Hiat gentleman, addressing himself to
the western members, had suggested that if they would go
with him to destroy the tariff, he would support an appro-
priation for the Mississippi. As a western man, he l ejected
the gentleman's proffered aid. He would not consent that
the gentleman should drive a dagger deep into their vitals,
even though he might be willing to vote a pittance to pay
their funeral expenses ,He was utterly opposed to the in-
troduction of the gentleman's wooden horse in the West.
He wished ^one ofthe gentleman's help on such conditions.
He would say to him, "timeo Danuos el dona ferentes" If
that gentleman could pour out the whole resources of the
government into the West, it would be no compensation,
not the tithe of compensation, for the injury the repeal of
the tariff would inflict upon that great agricultural coun-
try.
He deeply regretted to see that the representatives of
some of the western States on this floor were now nearly
unanimous against the protective policy, where formerly
(as the journals would show) they were unanimously in its
favor. The western people and their interests were the
same now as then. Whence this change? It was obviously
political. These States were now lepresented by the politi-
cal friends of Mr. Van Buren, who had recently declared in
a letter to the editor of the Richmond Enquirei that he was
opposed to the late protective tariff "both an its principles
and details." They must therefore either abandon the pro-
tective policy, or abandon Mr. Van Buren; and it seems that
they have determined to adhere to the man, and abandon
the cherished policy of the Wrest, without which they never
can be prosperous; and this, upon some proper occasion, he
would endeavor to demonstrate.
He could not forbear, however, to notice briefly some of
the arguments urged by gentlemen from the West against
the protective policy, and especially by the gentleman from
^Missouri, [Mr. Jamesox,] who had spoken last, and who had
but substantially repeated the objections urged by Mr. Van
Buren and others. In reply, he would submit very briefly
some facts and general reflections, to which he invited the
sober and dispassionate attention of the western farmers,
who could not long be mposed upon by stale theories in
opposition to well-known and ascertained facts.
In the first place, the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Jame-
son] has told us that the foreign market was everj thing,
and the home market little or nothing; "that one-third of
the State ofMissouri could furnish surplus agricultural prod-
uce enough to supply all the persons engaged in monufac-
turing in the East."
2. That the western farmers were robbed and plundered
by the protective tariff for the benefit of the eastern manu-
facturers.
3. That the effect of the protective policy was to "increase
the price of everything the farmer has to buy, and reduce
the price of everything he has to sell." -
4. That the protective duty was always added to the price
of the goods and paid by the consumer, whether the goods
were of foreign or domestic origin, "for the manufacturer
always puts up his goods to the -full amount of the duty,"
and thus (he says) the western farmer is obliged to pay
from 30 to 200 per cent, duty to the eastern manufacturer.
5. That the "protective policy creates and cherishes mo-
nopolies."
Now, these comprehend all the great and substantial ob-
jections urged against the protective policy, condensed into
a single view. They covered the whole ground, and they
were all contained m Mr. Van Buren's letter -of the 15th
February last to the Indiana convention, and repeated in al-
most every anti-tariff speech an and out of this House
He proposed to take up each of these stereotyped objec-
tions, and to &how, not by theones and assertions, but by
ascertained and admitted facts, that they were not only
false and unfounded, but that exactly the reverse of each
was the truth, and he would confidently submit the matter
to the judgment of every farmer and every man m the coun-
try, who would give the facts a calm and dispassionate con-
sideration.
Now, sir, as to the 1st proposition: Is the foreign market
'for our agricultural produce everything, and the domestic
market little or nothing9 By refering to the census of
1840, it would be seen that the agricultural productions
peculiar to the States north and west of the Potomac, Ohio,
and Mississippi—to wit: grain of all kinds, flour, meat, frmt^
animals,"" animal productions, &c—amounted to more than
1,000 millions of dollars, while the exports of these articles
for the last ten years to all the world amounted, on an aver-
age, to only eight and a half millions of dollars Now, if
the manufacturers and the mechanics throughout the United
States consumed only one-tenth part of these agricultural
products, R would amount to 100 millions; yet the home
market was nothing! and one-third of the State of Missouri
eould furnish a surplus more than sufficient to supply all
the eastern demand! Now, he affirmed, and the gentleman's
own premises would show, that there was more than eight,
and h.e might say ten, dollars' worth ot agricultural produce
raised on the soil of Great Britain and sent to Missouri for
sale and consumption, to one'dollar's worth of agricultural
produce sent from Missouri to Great Britain. This might
seem strange, but it was true, not only of Missouri* but of
all the other middle and western States;
Foreign Imports—Agricultural produce—views for farm-
ers. * -
Now he presumed it would be admitted—it could not be
denied—tfiat one-half, and more than one-half, of all the
goods imported from abroad, was strictly agricultural prod-
uce, consisting of the raw material and bread stuff's, the
subsistence of labor worked up and manufactured into arti-
cles of use. Well, the imports from England in 1842, were
$33,446,499; one-half being agricultural produce, would
make $16,723,249. Missouri contained l-45th pari of the
entire population ofthe United States, and the gentleman
says-consumes foreign imports m proportion to her popula-
tion. She therefoie consumed, of the agricultural imports
from England, in 18432, $371,6-2:2 worth. Our exports o'f all
the agricultural productions of the middle and western
States, flour, grain, meat, fruit, animals, and animal produc-
tions, to England, amounted, in the samC year, to $2,0-21,307
—Missouri's share of which, according to her population,
would amount to $44,918: so that Missouri has brought $371,-
622 of English agricultural produce, and sold to her only
$44,918 worth!!—3ess than one-eighth part. But is it true that
one-half of the value of all foreign goods imported is agricul-
tural produce? This is an important question, and one which
he was anxious that the farmers of this country should
thoroughly understand. It had not heretofore received due
consideration, and he was anxious to impress it upon the
public mind. Take cloth, glass.'iron, everything—analyze
them, resolve them into their elements, so to speak, and you
will find that much more than the half of their value or
price is made up of agricultural produce. In a yard of com-
mon cloth, take the wool, (itself nearly half its value,) the
bread and meat, and other articles composing the subsist-
ence of the labor employed in its manufacture, with other
subordinate ingredients, and you will find that three-fourths
ofits value is derived frohx. the produce of the soil; farmers
often make in their own families woollen goods for con-
sumption and sale to the amount of hundreds of dollars, with-
out purchasing a dollar's worth of anything not produced
on their own farms. Is not this cloth, then, made up entire-
ly of agricultural produce"* And is not all cloth composed
ofthe same materials, whether made in factories oronlarms?
If, thenA the farmer purchases foreign cloth, does he not, in
fact, purchase foreign agricultural produce converted into
cloth, while his own produce is, to use the language of the
gentleman, "rotting on his hands for the want of a market"*"
How, then, can western representatives contend that it is bet-
ter for their constituents to send their hard money (for Eng-
land takes no other kind) to purchase agricultural produce in
the shapeof goods,in preference to establishing manufactories
and markets at their own doors, and keeping their money in
active and profitable circulation at home. Will you foster
the interests of British farmers in preference to our own?
In a contest between the British and American farmers for
the American market, he asked gentlemen from the West
which side they would take? The protective tariff' is the
American side—the opposite is the British side: which side
will you take? This is the true question at issue, and it can
neither be disguised no evaded. [Here was a general call to
order by the anti-tariffmen.] Mr.S remarked that what he had
said in respect to cloth, was equally applicable to iron, glass,
and indeed every species of manufactures. He had himself
made iron, and he knew as a matter of personal observation
and experience, that when he sold his iron, he paid eight
dollars out of every ten of the whole price to the neighbor-
ing farmers for grain, See., to feed his horses, oxen, and
mules: and bread,meat,and domestic goods, to clothe and feed
his hands. Four-fifths of the whole value of iron was there-
fore strictly and truly agricultural produce; and the repre-
sentatives of farmers, with Mr. Van Buren at their head,
wished to go to England to buy iron, four-fifths of the value
of which was British agricultural produce, in preference to
sustaining these great markets for the farmers—the iron
works of our own country.
Our importations of foreign goods for consumption (de-
ducting re-exports) amounted, upon an average, for the last
ten years, to $114,399,434 per year; one-half being agricul-
tural, the result is, that we have imported from abroad an-
nually into -the United States, for sale and consumption,
$57,199,717 worth of agricultural produce, the growth of a
foreign soil, whilst our whole exports of the agricultural
products of the northern, western, and middle States, have
fallen short of $8,500,000, on an average, forthe last ten years.
Was this a sound system for a country in which seven-
eighths of.the entire population were employed in agricul-
ture? But there was another view which showed the great
value and importance of manufactures to the farmers, to
which he wished to call their special attention It was
this: In 1842, we exported $8,410,094 woith of domestic
manufactures, one-half of which (and he might safely say
two-thirds) was the produce of the farmers converted into
goods, and thus sent abroad for sale, making an exportation
of agricultural produce, in the shape of goods, to the
amount of five millions and upwards; and this j ear, he had
no doubt, the amount of domestic manufactuies exported
would be moie than ten millions of dollars, exceeding the
whole-exports of gram, flour meat, fruits, animals, and an-
imal productions—and this, too, in a form not to affect inju-
riously the prices by overstocking the foreign market with
agricultural producc in its raw and unmanufactured condi-
tion. In this way, Great Britain was, m fact, the greatest
exporter of agricultural produce in the word—not in its
rude and original form, but by doubling its value by the ad-
dition of labor and profits. In 1841, her exports of manu-
factures amounted to the enormous sum of $230,000,000--
making her exports of agricultural produce, in this form,
$115,000,000. The products of her labor-saving machineiy
was equal to the labor of eight millions of men This was
the great element of wealth in England, as it was and would
be here, and everywhere. Destroy the labor-savirfg ma-
chinery of Great Britain, and she would be bankrupt in a
single ytar. By this she laid the world under contribution,
