Jan. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of tfie Western waters—Mr. Stewart.
H. of Reps.
and epabled her people to pay two hundred and fifty mil-
lions of dollars of revenue annually. So much for the rela-
tive value of the foreign and home market for agricultural
produce, and the effect of the protective policy on the in-
terestof the farmers.
The effect of protection on prices.
The next proposition of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Jameson] was, that "the effect of the protective policy
was to increase the price of everything the farmer has to
buy, and reduce the price of everything the farmer has to
sell."
Now, does not all experience, as well as the well-known
laws of demand and supply, clearly prove that precisely
the reren&^f this proposition is the truth? The effect of
the proteose policy, it is admitted on all hands, is to build
Up and inc&ase ,the number of manufacturing establish-
ments, and thereby to increase the demand for the raw ma-
terials and breadstuff's produced by the farmer, and thereby
increase (not diminish) the price of everything the farmer
has to sell; and, by increasing the number of manufactu-
ring establishments, increase the quantity of manufactured
goods, and thereby reduce (not increase)-the price of the
goods which the farmer has to purchase. Hence, by in-
creasing the demand, you increase the price of everything
the farmei has to sell; and, by augmenting the quantity", re-
duce the price of everything the farmer has to purchase.
Such was the well-known operation of the great law of de-
mand and supply, universal and invariable in its results. Be-
sides, by increasing manufactures, you withdraw a portion of
the labor employed in agriculture, and employ it in manufac-
tures—making customer and consumers of tnose who were
before rivals in the production of agricultural supplies. And
these results were not only theoretically, but they were
practically true. He saw it stated this morning in a paper
from that gentleman [Mr. Jameson's] country, that wheat
had recently risen 14 cents in the bushel, and that pork was
selling for double the price it brought just before the pas-
sage of the late protective tariff* And on the other hand,
he affirmed it as a fact, he defied contradiction, and invited
gentlemen to the scrutiny, that there was not a single arti-
cle of any sort or kind which had been highly protected,
(which we had the capacity to produce, and had succeeded
in producing) that the price had not been invariably rc
duced by the home competition, stimulated and excited by
protection to less, often to one-half, one-third, and one-
fourth part of the price paid for the same article when ex-
clusively impoitedfrom abroad. He would refer to coarse
cottons, for which every body knows we paid 15 and 20
cents a yard before it was manufactured here, which is now
boiight (of better quality made at home and paid for in piod-
uce) at 5 and 6 cents per yard—glass, for which we paid
when imported, $12 per box, is now made at home for $2
per box. This is the way prices are increased, and the farm-
ers are "robbed and oppiefcsed,"" in the language of the gen-
tleman, by the protective policy; this is the way this gen-
tleman's constituents are fleeced of "half their hard earnings
by the eastern manufacturers." Now he defied the gentle-
man to put his linger on a single article in the whole tariff'
on which high protective duties had been levied, that had
not in time been reduced, and very greatly reduced m price
by domestic competition—and yet, in the "face of these facts,
the gentleman stands up and gravely repeat this stale and
threadbare theory, "that protective duties increase the
price of every thing the farmer has to buy, and reduce the
price of every thing he has so sell.
The duty added to the price—not true.
Next, the gentleman tells us, that "the duty is always
added to the price and paid by the consumer, on both for-
eign and domestic goods; for the domestic manufacturer, he
says, always raises his goods by the amount of the duty;"'
and this theory is also advanced by Mr. Van Buren in his
letter to the Indiana convention before referred to. Now
let us see how this theory will bear the test of a practical
examination. The consumer has to pay the duty to the
manufacturer, this is the universal theory. Now, if the gentle-
man would turn to the tariff', he would find that the duty on
the lowest priced cotton goods, was upwards of 8 cents per
square yard;, these goods were sold to the gentleman's con-
stituents in Missouri for 6 cents, and often less than 6 cents
per yard. Now, if the gentleman would go home, and un-
dertake to convince the simplest old woman in his district,
that she was obliged to pay the eastern manufacturer 8 cents
a yard duty on a yard ol coarse cotton -which she bought for
six, he would undertake a task in which with all his elo-
quence and ingenuity, he would utterly fail. The duty on
glass was'$3 per box, a duty imposed when foreign glass was
imported and sold at $10 and $12 per box; now it was sell-
ing in his country for $2 50 per box; the duty on nails had
been & cents per pound imposed when the price was 10 or
1*2 cents, now they are made and sold for 4 cents: such were
the fruits of the protective policy by which the prices of
glass had, been reduced irom $1U to $2 50, and nails fiom 12
to 4 cents per pound; and the same was true of papur, type,
hardware, and an infinite variety ,of articles. Now, if the
gentleman would go home and tell his constituents, the
honest, plain, common sense fax-mew of Missouri, that they
had to pay $3 duty on a box of glass, which they could pur-
chase for $2 50, and ,"> cents a pound duty on nails, which
they purchased for 4, they would laugh in his face.. Yet he
has just gravely asserted that "the duty is always added to
the price by the manufacturer, and is paid by 'the consu-
mer." Now, with such facts before him, he thought it might
puzzle even a Van Buren man to believe Mr. Van Buren him-
self, who had asserted this same thing in his Indiana letter,
where perhaps the gentleman had got this idea.
The gentleman next says, that the protective policy cre-
ates and cherishes monopolies. Now, if to increase com-
petition (the admitted effect of this policy) was to create
and cherish monopoly, then the gentleman was right; but
if to promote competition was to destroy monopoly, then
the gentleman was wrong. In this, as in all the other cases,
the reverse of the gentleman's proposition was true. Pro-
tection promoted competition, and thereby destroyed mo-
nopoly. 'i his was too clear to admit of illustration or argu-
ment.
His time was nearly out, snd in conclusion he would say
that he advocated the protective policy, not as a policy cal-
culated or intended to advaae# tfcs interest of the manufac-
turers at the expense of any other class; on the contrary,
he legarded it as a policy eminently calculated to advance
the welfare and prosperity of agriculture. -
•Agriculture was the great object of the protective policy.
it reduded the price of manufactured goods by promoting
competition, while on the other hand, it enhanced the price
of agricultural produce, by; increasing the demand and
diminishing the,supply, by withdrawing a portion of labor
from this great depaitment of industry, and employing it in
the consumption instead of the production of agricultural
sudplies. It was, therefore, for the benefit of the farmers,
and not the manufacturers, he advocated this policy.
Agriculture was the great parent of production; it was
the great fountain of national wealth and prosperity. In
this country, where seven-eighths ot the entire population
were employed in agriculture, it might be emphatically
said that the "fanners produced all and paid all;" and at the
ballot-box they were all powerful. He hoped they would
for once make common cause; that they would unite in one
great vigorous effort to advance their own interest—the in-
terest ofthe nation^ to protect and defend their own great
American markets against the efforts of foreigners to oo
cupy them, by breaking down our protective policy and in-
undating our country with their agricultural produce, man-
ufactured and worked up into goods, and thus sent here for
sale, while their own ports were hermetically sealed against
our productions by prohibitory duties. He appealed to the
farmers of the great West—he implored them to come to
the rescue—to defend and maintain their o%n great Ameri-
can interests, by electing men to this House and to the
executive government, who would take the American side
against foreigners in this great struggle now going on for
the American market. The remedy was in their own
hands, and it was their own fault if they failed to apply it.
If they failed, they themselves would be the sufferers. The
great American whig system had been tried, fully tried.
In 1816 we passed a protective tariff, which, with the tariffs
of 1824 and 1828, had paid off' (principal and interest) of the
war debt, in 1832, 229 millions of dollars. It had furnished
a sound and uniform currency; it had renderedthe whole
country eminently prosperous in all its interests, agricul-
tural, manufacturing, and commercial, and just at the time
this war debt was paid oft', and the surplus of 18 millions a
year, derived from the protective policy, was about to be
applied to the construction of those internal improvements,
which had since involved the States in a foreign debt of
more than 200 millions of dollars, there camera frost, a
killing frost;" this American system of policy was, in the
language of gentlemeni "exploded," and the Van Buren s> s-
tem, introduced by Mr. Van Buren himself, then prime min-
ister, established on its ruins. In a few years the expenses
of government were doubled, and almost trebled; internal
improvements arrested and transferred to the States; the
protective tariff' repealed and the country ruined; agricul-
ture, manufactures, and commerce, uent down together;
and individuals and governments, State and national, involv-
ed in one common scene of bankruptcy, repudiation, and deep
disgrece. Such were the clear and undeniable fruits of the
Van Buren policy, and such the admitted condition of things
in 1840, when the people, who had forborne till "forbearance
ceased to be a virtue," rose in their might and resolved to
throw off* this ruinous system, and return to the system
that had rendered them prosperous; by one united and vig-
orous effort thej had succeeded for the moment by the elec-
tion of Harrison and a whig Congress, who had partially re-
stored the national prosperity by the tariff of 1842; but all
their high hopes and bright prospects were struck down by
the death of their chief, and the succession of a man who is
now an adherent of the Van Buren system. Thus, sir, the
popular effort of 1S40, to restore the whig system, had bepn
defeated and postponed; but, thank God, the time is ap-
proaching, and is at hand, when the people would again
come up with redoubled vigor and energy to the rescue.
They were defeated in 1840, but in 1844 they would suc-
ceed, as he hoped and believed, by a still more triumphant
majority, because the ruinous effects of the Van Buren sys-
tem, and the beneficial effects of the whig policy, were now
more clearly seen and better understood. This was a con-
test for measures, not for men—men were nothing, meas-
ures and principles everything; much for weal or for wo
depended upon the result; the fate of the country he be-
lieved, was involved in the issue. Shall the country get
up and again advance in a career of prosperity under new
auspices, or fall back into the wretched and deplorable con.
dition in which Mr. Van 'Bnren left it in 1S40. This uas
the great question at issue—a question which touched the
interest of every man in this country deeply and vitally,
and in reference to which he could* neither be indifferent
nor silent.
Against Mr. Van Buren personally, he had said nothing—
he had nothing to say; it was tolas measures and princi-
ples he was opposed. He firstly believed, before God, that
the re-election of Mr. Van Buren would be the greatest ca-
lamity that could befall this country. Under this solemn
conviction he felt il to be his duty to avert this calamity
if he could, It was a duty from which he could not be di-
verted nor driven by any species of intimidation here or else-
where. It was a high duty he owed to his country and
his constituents, and he would be false to them and to him-
self if he failed, on all proper occasions, firmly and fearless-
ly to perforin it.
M-R. STEWART'S DEFENCE
Of himself against the abusive attack of Mr. Wtlltr.
Mr. Winthroi' moved that the gentleman from. Fennsyl.
vania [Mr St*wakt] ha\e leave to speak a second time,
and the yeas and nays being demanded, the yeas -were lo2,
nays 18. So leave was granted.
Mr. Stkuaki returned his cordial thanks to the House for
this manifestation of its kind disposition towards him. and
for the present opportunity of explanation He had been
about to say, when up before, that he made no personal
attack on any one, nor any allusion of a personal or offen-
sive character; he had entered only into general remarks,
and that in answer to those ot other gentlemen on the great
questions of public policy which divided the country. For
this he had been assailed in the manner which all present .
had heeled, and which it was not necessary to ekaraot«riz«, *
-because it sufficiently characterized itself. He said that
every gentleman on that floor would beaf Witness that, du 
ring the course of discussion, both in Cot&jnlttee of th«
"Whole and in the House, different gentlemen, the gentle'
man from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy! and from lllindti* [Mr.
Ficklin,] had spoken of "the exploded American syfft«m(*
and had denounced it as leading to the most destructite
effects on the public prosperity. The gentleman ironf
Missouri [Mr. Jameson] followed in the same strain, and,
speaking of the whig party, took occasion to characterize
it as the "coon party;" a party without principles; the frag-
ments of a party; the fag £nds of all .parties; as weighed in
the balance, and found wanting j and had spoken of the whig
policy as now utterly exploded. After all this, what had
Mr. S. done? He had only replied these charges first
made by other gentlemen, and. in so doilJjfr had endeavored
to vindicate the policy of the whigs, and to iJkW that it had
been productive of very great blessings ana benefits, and
had rendered the country prosperous. On the (Softer hand,
he had spoken of what was usually known and spofc^B of as
the Van Buren policy, and had set its effects in contra*?/ en-
deavoring to show the practical consequences of both sys-
tems on the welfare of the country, and to make it appear"
that the latter policy had plunged the country in debt, and
stricken down the interests of agriculture and manufac-
tures. He considered these as legitimate subjects to be
brought up in reply to what had been said on the other side,
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Jameson] had said that,
unlike the whig party, democracy had principles for the eye
of the world, and principles it would stand or fall by. Mr.
S., in reply, had a perfect right to speak of those principle©
according to his views of them, and this he had done; but in
all the remarks he made, he, had indulged in no personal al-
lusion to the member from Ohio, or to anybody else. T<?„.
that member he was a stranger, and always would be. He
had made no allusion to him. He had endeavored to ihow
that the opposite line of policy was injurious. In so doi«gf
he acted on a great principle of public duty, in endeavoring"
to ward oft from his country the introduction again of a pol-
icy which, as he believed, had operated to weaken and de-
stroy the foundations of the public prosperity.
After he had made an argument resting on these princi-
ples, the member from Ohio, at a very early hour, immedi-'
ately after the reading of the journal, lose in his seat before1
Mr. S. was in the House, and made a violent personal attack-
upon him, and such a one as Mr. S. would not here charac^
terize, as he could not while restrained by the rules of parl-
iamentary decorum. All the House had heard it. In that
attack he had charged Mr. S. with having made a "stump
speech,", as having violated all propriety, as having spoken
in a manner unworthy of a man, and had concluded with
moving the previous question.
[Here Mr. S. quoted several passages from Mr. Weller's
sdeech. especially that in which he pledged liimselfto dis-
prove all Mr. S. had t>aid about Mr. Van Buren, or take the
brand of falsehood on his own forehead; and, if he did, then
to fix it on the forehead of Mr. S.]
Now, as Mr. S had made no personal allusion whatever
to the gentleman—ho, the member from Ohio—but had spo-
ken only on matters of general interest to the House and to
the country, he would ask of every candid and fair man
whether it was his duty to sit in silence under such a charge
against him? The personal attack was perfectly unpro-
voked, and it wras make in terms such as Mr. S. could not
suitably characterize without violating the rules of order;
they characterized themselves. Thus assailed, what had
been his course? On the first opportunity in which he
could get the floor he alluded to these remarks; he had quo-
ted the report of them, and had then added that he w as pre-
pared to sustain all the charges he had made to the very let-
ter; and thereupon he had gone into the proof from public
documents and Mr, Van'Buren's own letters. Mr. S. appeal-
ed to all who had heard him to say whether he had not mace
out, fully and substantially, the ti'uth of every single charge.
He would submit that question to the recollection of every
gentleman on that floor. And there he had left the subject.
He made no remark of a personal nature. AU he had done
was, to remove the brand of falsehood from his own brow,
and let it rest where it might. He could not have said less.
The member on the next day, in reply to these remarks,
in which there had not been one word of personality to any
gentleman in that House, and after sleeping oil the matter,
came into the House and accused Mr. S. some ten or twelve
times of "falsehood," of "lies," of having uttered "false-
hood No. 1," falsehood Ne. 2, No. 3, No 4,5,6,7, 8, and
9. This was an easy way to answer an argument or get
out of a difficulty; but would such an answer satisfy an
intelligent and enlightened community? Would they not
infer that no better reply could be made1 The member had
admitted the facts but denied the inferences, as to the with-
holding the estimates for these western improvements; and
this, in his polished language, is lie No. 1. Next, he (Mr. S)
had expressed the opinion that, from Mr. Van Buren's prin-
ciples, as he had read them, he would be bound to veto the
pioposed appropriation were he now President; and this
was lie No 2. Next, Mr S. had expressed the opinion that
the tariff'of 1842 hadfpromoted the nationa Jprosperity; and
this was designated as lie No S; and so on with all the rest*
Now, how easy would it be to retort these vulgar epithets.
The member has said that my speech had been made ''on«
hundred times on every stump in the West." These were
his very words, -and what was this? Truth, of course.
Now, Mr. S. here reaffirmed every position he had before ta-
ken. and held himself ready to establish, by the most indis-
putable testimony, the truth of every one of them Heap,
pealed to that Housf> to say whether the member had dis-
proved, or in the least impaired, one of them. He should
avail himself of a proper occasion to piove this; and such a
day would come. He here pledged himself before that
House, and before the country, to make out the most perfect
demonstration of all that he had asserted. The member
from Ohio did not once deny that Mr. Van Buren had with-
held the estimates for the Cumberland road; he had only de-
nied the inference of Mr. S. from the fact that the Secretary
had acted under his instructions. He admitted the estimatea
were withheld, but denied that the President had ^iven hf&
Secretary any instructions to withhold them. No%£* the
member could no more prove that Mr. Van Buren did' not
instruct the Secretly t£> do it, than Mr. S. could prow
thathedi4. Neither of thgfij wexe present. But Mr. §>
