760
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844*
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury•
Senate.
had inferred that, as it was the Secretary's official duty to
report the estimates, and as he had always previously done
it, he cou.ld not on that occasion have avoided doing it
unless acting under executive instructions. "What Mr. S.
t>aid was a matter of inference, and not an assertion of
fact at'all. There had been some little difficulty as to a
date; and as to whether he had withheld them a few days
or' a few months sooner or later. And what difference did
that make as to the general fact? There was one thing
abont which the member had triumphed verylconfidently;
he said he would prove, and he did jDrove, that Mr. Van Bu-
ren did sign bills making appropriations for .works of inter-
nal improvement. Certainly he did;-nor had Mr. S ever
denied it. What he said was, that Mr. Van Buren denied
the power of this government to execute works of internal
improvement; and not only so, but that even the consent
of the States coufd not confer upon it the power. And for
this he had shown Mr. Van Buren's own words. It the
member had proved that, after avowing this principle, Mr.
Van B'ureji acted afterwards in utter inconsistency with it,
that was a matter between the member and his candidate.
If he conld prove, and did prove, that Mr. Van Buren acted
against his own faith, and violated his oath of office, that
was the member's own afl'air. •
Mr. S knew very well that Mr. Van Buren's friends could
show that he held very different opinions at different times.
Mr. S. could have shown the gentleman more" than that:
he could have shown him that Mr. Van Buren voted in favor
of putting turnpike gates upon the Cumberland road to tax
the free citizens of Pennsylvania for travelling over a high-
way in their own commonwealth; but President Monroe
had vetoed the bill as unconstitutional, thus putting down
an Unconstitutional law for which Mr. Van Buren had de-
liberately voted. This was a greater violation of the con-
stitution than the other case. Latitudinous as Mr. S. was
held by some to be on-the interpretation of the constitution,
he could not go that, and he voted against the bill. Mr. S.
might further have proved that Mr. Van Buren voted for
the tariff of 1S2S, and about twenty times against the reduc-
tion of the high duties .imposed by that bill. Mr S. had
voted against the high duties in the tariff of 1S28 and
for their reduction. Extravagant as his notions were said
to be, he could not go the length Mr. Van Buren had gone,
though that gentleman had said he was now against the^ex-
isting tariff, both in its principles and details. If in these
things he was inconsistent with himself and his own avow-
ed principles, S. could not help it. Mr. S. insisted, then,
that he' had fully established ail the charges he had
brought.
There had been some dispute as to what the building of
this Capitol had cost, the member from Ohio had stated that
it cost but a little over a million. Mr. S. understood that to
build it at first and repair it after it was partially burnt, had
cost between three and.four millions.
He pledged himself to prove every position he had taken;
he reaffirmed every one of them, fully to vindicate himself
in the course he had pursued, and wipe oft'from his brow
that brand of falsehood the member was so anxious to fix
upon it, let it rest where it might.
Mr. S. went on to say that it did seem to him that if, when
a member ot that House discussed, in an orderly parliamen-
tary manner, questions relating to the general policy of the
country and the government, deprecating such as he deem-
ed to be destructive in their tendency, he was to be inter-
rupted by cries of "falsehood" and "lies," the freedom of
debate was gone. If such a state of things was to be toler-
ated the members might as well return at once to their con-
stituents; their rights were gone; and there was nothing in
our institutions any longer worth preserving. If they could
not retain personal respect enough for each other to observe
personal decorum in debate; if that House of tlj.e people's
representatives was thus to be degraded and disgraced by
low, vulgar bilingsgate abuse, the iberties of that body
and of the country were gone. The seople themselves, by
the acts of their representatives, would be degraded in the
face of the world, and popular government and popular in-
stitutions would lall into disrepute and become a reproach.
These disgraceful scenes, enacted in this hall, would|de- ~
grade the character and weight of this House, and destroy
the high'and commanding influence which it always had
exerted in the administration of the. affairs of this govern
ment. This is, emphatically, the people's House, where
they speak and act through their immediate representa-
tives; those who destroy its character and influence., de-
stroy the just power and influence of the people themselves;
and thereby strike a blow at the very heart of freedom. He
protested against such a condition ot things.
Mr. McConnel (interposing.) ■ And I protest against your
slandering the majority of this House.
Mr. Stewart resumed. He should notice no such inter-
ruptions. But he did say that, so long as interruptions of
this kind, and such as had repeatedly broken in upon his
former remarks, were to be permitted, and a member,
while attempting to discharge his public duty, was to be put
down by cries of liar and villain, the freedom of debate was
gone, arid the rights of the minority sacrificed. He never
would descend to follow such examples, he should do his
duty on that floor firmly and fearlessly, nor was he to be
driven from it by any such attacks. He was told that he
could go out of doors to explain; but his constituents had
not sent him to that House to engage in fisticuff fights or
carry public measures by force of battle. He w ould not de-
scend to such a course. On that principle he might en-
counter every blackguard in the street who was brutal
enough to assault a man who gave him no provocation.
He should not descend to a personal contest with persons
of that sort here any more than he would there.
He hoped to see this whole state of things reformed; but
whether it should be reformed or not—if the character of
that House was to be degraded, it should not be by any act
of ins. He would not be deterred from pursuing the even
tenor of his way, and discharging his duty by any such as-
saults, personal as they might be, or abusmve as they might
be He was sent there to discharge a responsible public
(!uty, and he should dischaige it. He should, on all proper
occasions, attack the policy of the last administration, now
gone out of power; and he should continue to do this be-
cause he believed in his heart and conscience, and before
heaven, that the policy of the man who was at the head
of that administration was such as, if persevered in, must
break down the country and involve it in hopeless ••
debt, embarrassment, and ruin; while he belieyed as sin-
cerely that the tariff was the only measure which had in
any degree lifted it up from the prostration where the Van
Buren policy had'left it Under that conviction, lie felt that
he had a duty to perform, so far as his efforts might go, viz:
to prevent the country from again coming under the influ-
ence and sway of such a man; for, should he again come
into power, Mr. S. would be ready to despair of the repub-
lic. • All her great and vital interests, must be prostrated.
These were his firm religious convictions in this matter;
and, deeply feeling them,, he could notsleep in peace upon
his pillow did he not exert.wRat little influence he might
possess to avert from his country so great a calamity. -
He thanked the House for the indulgence accorded to him
in the opportunity thus afforded to put himself right before
the House and before the country. He submitted it to the
House to judge whether he had done anything to justify the .
attack which had been made upon him. He appealed to
gentlemen* opposed to him to say whether it was not all
fair to reply to attacks openly made upon the whig party,
as being a party without any principles, and as having been
weighed in the balance and found wanting. He had felt
called ufton to vindicate those with whom he acted from
such accusations. This he had done, and this was all he
had done. - He could not vindicate it in any other way. He
could not stoop to a contest of-fisticuffs, or any other spe-
cies of personal contest. He was not a fighting man; bu,t
if he were, he could not fight all who had here assailed him.
He would conclude by telling gentlemen around him, one
and all, that he was not to be silenced by any abusive
course; that he watf not to be deprived of his constitutional
freedom of speech; that he should go on firmly and faith-
fully to discharge the high duty he owed to an enlightened,
free, virtuous, and honorable constituency; but he should
always do this in a manner as decorous,as the rules of that
House could require He never would follow the example
which had been set to" him. He deeply regretted the only
error which in this case he had committed—an error which he
hoped the House and the country would forgive, and which
he ccrtainly never should repeat viz: the noticing, in any
shape or form, remarks which fell from the member from
Ohio.
SPEECH OF MR. WOODBURY,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,
In Senate, June 4, 1844—In secret session on
the treaty for the annexation of Texas to the
United States.
Mr. WOODBURY said:
If I understand the substance of all the objections
to the ratification of the present ta-eaty, whether ex-
pressed in resolutions or debate, it is thi"§:_
First, that the government of the United States
does" not posses the constitutional right or power to
purchase Texas, and admit her people into the
Union. Next, that the present government of Tex-
as alone has not the right or competency to make
-such a cession of her territory and sovereignty.
And, finally, that it is not our duty at present to
complete the cession, even were the right on both
sides clear.
This seems to me to.be the whole case, when
stripped of details and perplexing appendages. I
shall examine these posifions separately, and I
trust with that fairness and dispassionate spirit
which belong to a question so momentous to our
own country, as well as a sister republic—a ques-
tion, too, on which I speak as-the organ of no ad-
ministration or party, but above and beyond them
all, as-an independent senator, of an independent
State, and trying to regard her interests, and those
of the whole Union, in the long vista of the future,
no less than at the present moment.
Some deny the constitutional power to purchase
any territory situated without our original limits;
while others deny not only that, but the power,
at any time; to admit such territory and inhabitants
into the Union as States.
Both of these -powers have been exercised in the
cases of buying Louisiana and the Floridas, and af-
terwards of admitting the three States of Louisiana,
Arkansas, and Missouri, carved out of the former"
territory. They have, therefore, long been regard-
ed as settled questions, till the opposition to them in
this chamber, by the senators from New Jersey,
Massachusetts, and Rhode Island, [Messrs. Mil-
ler, Choate, and Simmons,] has burst forth with
such vehemence, that it may be well to advert to a
few principles and authorities in their support.
I do this the more readily, as the pretence that
such a purchase and admission into the Union are
unconstitutional, is the only plausible justification
for the otherwise treacherous or fanatical cry of
disunion, which so often deafens our ears. That
cry originated on an occasion almost identical with
this, when the act for admitting Louisiana as a State,
in 1811, was pending.
In the debate on that occasion, a member from
Massachusetts overflowed with such threats, till he
was called to order for his violence, and escaped
censure on ail appeal from the Speaker's decision
against him, only from, a conviction in some of his
opponents, that his threats would prove harmless.
It was then the memorable Saying' was first uttered-,
which is now ringing again in our ears from the
same class of politicians and from the same State,
but with less point and elegance in these degenerate
days. Mr. duincy said: - 1
"If this bill passes, it is my deliberate opinion that it is
virtually a dissolution of the Union—that it will free the
States from their moral obligations; and that, as it will then
be the right of all, so it -will be the duty of sorfift, definitely
to prepare for separation—amicably if they can, forcibly if
they must."—(See National Intelligencer Jan. 19, 1819, and
Lambert on Rules, 74th page )* -
It is true that the madness of faction can threaten
disunion on the smallest, as well as greatest occa-
sions, and may at times venture on it, unless deter-
red by a dread of the halter; but it is equally true
that there is no more real occasion or justification
for it now, than there was when so much vaporing
passed off harmlessly in 1803 and 1811 about Lou-
isiana, or than there was in the purchase of Florida
in 1819, or the admission of Missouri in 1822. If
those purchases and admissions were constitutional,
so are these; and in order to allay the renewed ex-
citement on this point,, (honest with many, I have
no doubt,) the patience of the Senate is asked a few
minutes.
The words of. the 3d section, article 4tfi of the
constitution, are: "New States may be admitted by
the Congress into the Union." This is the whole
that bears on the point now under consideration, and
is broad and explicit enough to coyer all cases
deemed expedient and proper by Congress, whether"
situated' without or within our original limits. I
admit that Mr. Jefferson, not having been a mem-
ber of the convention which framed the constitution,
did at first consider it doubtful whether, by con-
struction, this power ought not to be confined to
States within our former limits.; and he even went so
far as to have a clause for the amendment of the
constitution prepared, to cover the case of Louisi-
ana. But, after fttll examination, and conferences
with others, it is inferable as certain that he became
convinced such an amendment.was unnecessary, as
it was abandoned, and he not only completed the
treaty, but signed the act of Congress establishing
territorial government over what had been pur-
chased; and Mr. Madison, with his republican co-
adjutors in 1811, became convinced that the power,
now, and then, questioned, clearly existed, or they
never could have supported the act Tor the Admis-
sion of Louisiana as a State. In truth, so fully had
their opponents become of a like opinion on this
point, that the admission neither of Missouri nor
Arkansas was resisted on this account; and the pur-
chase of Florida in 1819 was approved as constitu-
tional by every senator, federalist or republican.
The reasons for a change' in opinion with some
undoubtedly were, that the words -in which the
power was conveyed to Congress were unequivocal
and explicit in favor of its widest scope—that they
had been made more so in the progress of the con-
stitution through the convention; and that this was
known to have been done so not only to include one
foreign territory, in the case of Canada, which had
been specially provided for in the articles of the old
confederation, but to embrace all the contiguous
British, or Spanish, or vacant regions whose future
union with us might afterwards be mutually desira-
ble.
The framers of the constitution were men who..
looked deep into the future, and had no design to
strip themselves of any high national powers or
destinies.
When it was objected by some, in debate in 1811,
that, on this construction. States might be admitted,
not only contiguous, but in the "West Indies, South
America, and even Europe, the reply seemed sensi-
ble and pertinent, that on the American theory of
•The democratic party, notwithstanding, passed. the
bill by a vote ol 77 yeas to 36 nays. The former inclu-
ded those sterling republicans—the Crawfords, Macons,
Calhouns, Bacons, Cutts.-Fiskes, and even Clays and Roots;
while the lattei were made up of the Quincys and Wliea-
tons, and the Hales ami Wilsons, who then stood at the
head of the federalism of the East The original treaty
had heen ratified m a like manner by "27 republican yeas
and 7 federal na\s. How is the division of opinion on this
subject now' At a whig anti-annexation meeting in Worces-
ter, Massachusetts, a resolution was recently adopted "to
separate the free States from the others if annexation pre-
vailed." And ten members of the IJoube of Representatives,
headed by Messrs. Adams, Giddings, and glade, issued
a manifesto, last year, declaring that annexation "would be
identical with dissolution of the i'mon."— (See it in Njles's
Register, 175th page, for May 13th 184S.)
The Boston Times of the 1st inst, which arrived here this
morning, says, likewise, "the abolitionists passed a vote
last evening   dissolve the Union,"'
