June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
that one merely possesses power, regardless of right
or without reft rence to right. The other not only
possesses it, but rightfully, under good authority,
reasons, or laws; for jure means only one or the
other, as occasion requires. ThusvCromwelPsgov-
ernment has been called a de facto one. But with-
out reference to his ultimate rights in respect to the
Stewarts,^ many other nations .-made treaties with
him, as rightful head of England-, in less than one
year after he became protector. -Such as that with
Denmark September 15th, 1654, whfh he had been
protector only since December 16, 1653, and in
1654 with Sweden, Portugal, and France.—(3d
col. of treaties, 67.)
The possession of power, 1 grant, must not be
merely momentary, and unsettled or changing, but
apparently firm. (Martin's Laws of Nations, b. 7,
ehapter'l.) And he was well known to multiply
his treaties in order to strengthen his claim of right.
In this way, he soon became go fully seated in
power, and the nation so acquiescen t, and the Stewarts
so incapable of disturbing him, that, his treaties of
alliance and cessions, as well as other treaties—like
those of Bonaparte to us of Louisiana, in less than
two years from his acknowledgment by other pow-
ers—must be regarded as right and valid. What
Stewart or Guelph since have dared to violate any
of Cromwell's treaties as not made by a dejure gov-
ernment, so far as respects all foreign powers?
"What Bourbon has, since 1803, ventured to attempt
to vacate Napoleon's treaties of cession with us as
well as other powers, for not being made by a de
jure government, looking to the rest of the world?
But there is much more in the present case as to
the de jure government of Texas, if we regard its
origin and our own system of politics. Texas has
been, as we before intimated, an independent and
sovereign state, with an excellent separate constitu-
tion, near twenty years. Her union, during a part
of this period, with the Mexican confederacy, doe's
not alter this. She h'as since broken no obligations
as to that confederacy, but they have all been bro-
ken by her oppressors; and these last are the real
rebels and overthrowers of the confederacy, and not
she. Texas had reason, authority, and law—all to
resist the assaults of Mexico for enslaving her to. a
new and consolidated system. She had never en-
tered into any such system. Her efforts to maintain
her independence under .those assaults have been as
rightful as ours in 1776. She has, since 1836, been
independent even of the confederacy, and been a de
jure, as well as de facto, sovereign government; and
though, in 1837, the union with her might have been
more likely to expose us to war, and hence not pru-
dent, it would, in the other view, as de jure, have
been perfectly justifiable, if her government then
had appeared to be settled, mature, and efficient.
It is most extraordinary, that the right of Texas
to cedc to us her territory without the consent of Mex-
ico, should now be made by those, who, in 1825 and
1829, did not question the right of Mexico, dejure as
well as de facto, to cede Texas without the consent of
Spain.
. How stood the facts then as to details? Mexico,
though revolutionary, and with internal disturbances
under Spanish supremacy between the Creoles and
others, .from 1810 to 1821, yet never sought^nor
asked independence of Spain; and both parties vied
in loyalty to her, till Iturbide's defection, and
the declaration of independence, made at Iguala,
24th February, 1821.—(4 State Papers, 848, 835, and
1,Foot's History, 94, 96, 99.) The troops and
power of Spain were driven from the capital and
most of the cities during that year; but the castle of
Ulloa, at Vera Cruz, continued in the possession of
the mother country, when we recognised her inde-
pendence in 1822, and when we first applied to re-
purchase Texas in 1825, as extending to the Rio del
Norte. The constitution of Mexico admits that her
independence never commenced till 1821,- being
"given in Mexico 4th October, 1824, fourth year of inde-
pendence."1—(2 Kennedy, 443.) Yet m only one
year after the adoption of this constitution—only
four after her independence was declared, and but
three after it was recognised by us, all short of what
prevails in Texas now—Messrs. Adams and Clay
thought she had the dejure right to cede territory to
us, without asking the consent of Spain, and without
heeding the adoption of any war then existing.
How could that be legitimate, if Texas, after
being an independent State near twenty years, and
separated from Mexico eight years, cannot now be
allowed as dejure competent to negotiate for selling
her territory without the consent of Mexico? Like
facts apply to 1829; and they are appealed to now,
not for taunt or recrimination, but as evidence that
the ablest minds then, and the most experienced
diplomatists, had entire confidence that such a ces-
sion as is now befor# us could be accepted with
propriety, and vindicated before the morality, re-
ligion, and law of the whole civilized world.
The only other differences material to the argu-
ment are, that in 1825, Mexico had been recog-
nised by not half so many other nations as Texas
has now, and had maintained her' independence
for only about half as long a period; and that
the revolution in Mexico was then progressing, not
in all respects finished—her independence unsettled,
not firm—her soil invaded and occupied by her en-
emy, not free from hostile feet—her laws despotic,
^not liberal—her people agitated by internal broils
and factions, not united or peaceful; and Santa
Anna's government much like what Bolivar consid-
ered his in Peru—not settled, but a camp; for (said
he) "my administration can only be called a campaign"
J1 fortion, then, can Texas cede now de^ure^ if Mexico
could then. But another difference, still more poten-
tial in its influence rather than argumentative in force,
is, I admit, that nobody then stood behind Spain to
back her up; while now we see, or seem to see, the
shadows of-England's thousand ships of war in the
wake of Mexico, and hostile to our success from
other causes too deeply well known to need reca-
pitulation.
What do gentlemen on the other side, as lawyers
and publicists, hold as the true doctrine on this sub-
ject of de facto and de jure governments? Let us be
plain and explicit with each other. Was not Crom-
well's Protectorate, after established and recognised
by other powers, a dejure as well as de facto govern-
ment in respect to .them? And could he not legally
have ceded territory, as well as received cessions,
until the Stewarts and their partisans renounced
their claims? Did foreign powers treat with him or
with the exiled family? So with Napoleon: was he
not de jure as well as de facto emperor, as to the
rest of the world, until the Bourbons and their parti-
sans should recognise him? Was he acknowledged and
treated with, or Louis the 18th in banishment? Neither
he nor Cromwell was ever able to transfer territory
and impose obligations on either England or Fiance,
by the doctrines on the other side, though all history
and national law have settled the fact the other way.
Some doubted the de jure rightof Don Miguel, when
in power de facto, ana others that of Joseph Bona-
parte in Spain, and even of Louis Philippe, now in
France; but were they, and are they not all, regard-
ed as de jure to make and receive cessions while in
power, and,acknowlgedged by other nations, how-
ever soon most of them, as well as Cromwell and
Bonaparte, became dethroned?
But the senator from Massachusetts says there are
three stages in reaching de j\ire power. First, a rev-
olution; second, a recognition by others; and thirdly,
an acknowledgment by the old authorities, or an
utter abandonment by them of their claims. But
neither such acknowledgment nor such abandon-
ment took place by the Stewarts as to Cromwell, or
the Bourbons as to Bonaparte; and yet their acts
have de jure bound both England and France as to
all other nations.
It is jrst so as to a revolution like Holland,
Mexico, or the United States, or m one view Texas;
separating a portion from the old government, and
forming of it a new one, and declaring its indepen-
dence. Does nothing but the acknowledgment of
the parent power, or an utter abandonment of its
claims, enable the separated and independent por-
tion to perform dejure acts as a nation, and bind its
people and acquire rights for them of the rest of the
world, as if a dejure government'1 Certainly. Cer-
tainly Holland, Mexico, and the United States, al],
as well as Texas, have claimed to be de jure long
before such acknowledgment or abandonment. Hol-
land dated her independence seventy years before
Spain recognised it.
Our independence dates from 1776, and not its re-
cognition by England in 1783. So that of Mexico,
from 1821 and not 1836, its recognition by Spain.
So Belgium, from 1830 and not afterwards, when
recognised by Holland. And so does Texas from
1836, and not any future period, when Mexico may
admit it.
All of them have acted on such a claim before a
recognition by the parent government as right; and
our assumed power to resist oppression and estab-
lish new forms of government, without the consent
of our oppressors, is mere vapor, and the American
system baseless, if that assent, express or implied,
is necessary to make our acts as to the rest of man-
kind de jure. Popular governments are never in-
clined to such nice distinctions, especially when
these are unfriendly to popular rights. But I admit
that the recognition of a new government, or the
second stage in the gentleman's growth to a dejure
condition, does not -require other nations to go
farther unless they please, and depart from a neutral
position, or by any act, not required by public duty,
become exposed to actual war; and that it has been
customary with, other nations, including ourselves,
not to go any farther.—(4 State Papers, 846, 848.)
But this grows out of the absence of any motive usu-
ally to go farther, -and out of the pendency of a
belligerent State between the old and new nation, in
which we might become uselessly involved; and not
from the fact '.hat the new nation is not, de jure as
well as de. facto a sovereign power as to all other
nations, and, as such, competent de jure to do all
which other belligerents may. Herein lies the
error or fallacy of the reasoning on the other side.
Martin's Law of Nations, p. 77, substantially con-
firms these views, by holding that if a government
is established detfacto, foreign powers have no right
to say it is not one dejure.
A recognition of independence of another power,
standing alone, obliges our courts to treat them so,
and to give them and their citizens all rights of prop-
erty and jurisdiction, and sovereignty, as in any
other case. It is de jure as well as de facto, in the
most critical and solemn forum of another nation.—
(1 Kent, 25.)
Yet some senators, after all, seem to think it but
"an armed insurrection" or, as Russia denominated
the independence of Mexico and South America,
but "criminal combinations" of seditious subjects
against their legitimate kings. But it is neither the
American side of the question, nor that espoused by
Mr. Webster himself.
"Mexico (says he) may have chosen to consider, and may
still choose to consider, Texas as having been, at all times,
since lS3n, and as still continuing, a rebellious province; but
the world has been obliged to take a very different view of
the matter
'•Audit mu«t be added that the constitution, public trea-
ties, and the laws, oblige the President to regard Texas as
an independent State, and its territory as no part of the ter-
ritory of Mexico."—(See Letter of July, 1842.)
Nor is this merely theoretical. On two occasions
we have practically recognised the power of the de
facto governments on the west of us to be dejure, so
as to make permanent compacts with us concerning
the boundaries of their territory, long before they
were acknowledged as sovereign by. the parent
country.
Thus, 12th January, 1828, we completed with
Mexico a treaty regulating the limit of the territory
contiguous to us, without asking the consent of
Spain, though she then made urgent claim to Mex-
ico, though the latter had been independent' but
seven years, and though her separate sovereignty
had not then been acknowledged by Spain, and was
not till 1836.
So, again, in 1838, April 25, we made a similar
treaty of limits with Texas, as to her territory, with-
out consulting Mexico, and when her de jure rights
were as much in question as now. Some have
asked if the right to cede was clear in 1837 as well
as now, why the proposal then was not accepted?
Simply, because the danger of war was then greater,
and the hope of permanent independence was less.
The character and prospects of the war with
Mexico in 1837 were very different from the condi-
tion of things now; and our exposure much greater
then to be involved in difficulty of taking a cession
so soon after one great invasion, and amidst the
prospect of another, and without any long abandon-
ment, as now, of a regular war on Texas for many
years.
The government of Texas was then, also, less
settled; le?>s firm; less likely to be permanent; less
ripened; less recognised by all Christendom; and
her claims le«3 on the sympathies and interference
of other friendly powers, by alliances or cessions,
to nut an end to barbarous maraudings, as well as
oppression; and the authority of Mexico was less to
enforce any pretensions over a territory so much
longer 'independent, acknowledged by others, ma-
tured m her institutions, and, by the lapse of time,
emancipated from her vain efforts at control. The
statute of limitations bars most debts and claims in
five or six years; arid much more than that has
elapsed here.
The whole real difficulty resolves itself into
one, not of a right now to sell or cede on the one
part, and we to buy on the other, bat one as to the
just and probable consequences qf the transaction^
