June, 1S44.
28th Cong.....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■Annexation of Texap—Mr.' Woodbury.
Senate.
mises of the constitution are wantonly violated, or
the Union dissolved. Hence the losses or capture of
their property in slaves-have often been indemnified;
their escape into other States has been redressed by
a surrender of them; and the Amnestic tranquillity de-
signed for all the States, as set out in the preamble
of the constitution as one paramount object for its
adoption, has again and again been sought to be se-
cured, in times of excitement and peril, precisely
as they are likely to be by the ratification of this
treaty. -
In 1811, the executive -was empowered by Con-
gress, after careful deliberation in secret, to take
possession of Florida by force, with a view to pre-
serve, more undisturbed, the domestic relations and
quiet of the South. So, in 1810, Mr. Madison, of his
own motion, took possession of the country east of
Lake Pohtchartrain to the river Perdido; for this,
among other objects that need not be repeated.
Though his course was then denounced as war by
his opponents, yet Congress, by an act in 1812, rati-
fied it, and annexed that tract to the State of Louisi-
ana; and did this without asking the consent of
Spain, or of the people of the United States, or of the
inhabitants «f the soil, and while many of them
were in a state of actual revolt.
Again: In 1820, for the same, among other ob-
jects, when the treaty for the cession of the Floridas
remained wrongfully unratified by Spain, Mr. Mon-
roe recommended io Congress the immediate occu-
pation of that country by virtue of legislation; and
this was prevented only by the subsequent ratifica-
tion and peaceful delivery of it, without rendering
an actual resort to violence, on our part, necessary,
after.it had been proposed.
In short, the South stood shoulder to shoulder
with us in the revolution with this property and
these institution^. They came into the Union with
them on equal terms; they have so remained for half
a century, and so must they continue, till injustice
or fanaticism or treason violate all the sacred com-
promises of all we hold dear.
The ratification of this treaty is also vastly im-
portant to our whole people in an industrial point of
view. It gives to us enough additional territory for
four or five large States, ^immediately contiguous;
and some of them, by their location on the ocean,
with fine bays and immense rivers, virtually Atlan-
tic States in their habits and intercourse; an in-
crease of near a third of a million in our population;
and a near and rich outlet for the overflowings of
the other States; swelling, as they must in the next
fifty years", to more than most of the kingdoms of
Europe in their mighty masses. The annexa-
tion of Texas, in its influence on all the great
branches of industry, is not merely a western or
southern question, but one deeply interesting to eve-
ry quarter of our common country—whether it pro-
motes that industry by opening to agriculture more
fertile soils and' genial climates, or by forming a
wider home market for manufactures, or by furnish-
ing new articles of commerce, and new bays and
rivers for the free navigation of western steamers, as
well as coasting and freighting vessels from the East.
Our independence of other countries by more, lands,
more fitted £o sugar, fine cotton, and rice, and even
coffee, wou]d thus be greatly promoted.
On this and other kindred topics I shall not, on
this occasion, enlarge; believing that a very strong
case of duty to take the cession is made out, unless
it be counterbalanced by some of tile objections
which have been urged in this debate.
I proceed at once to examine, in some detail, the
most prominent of these objections:
The annexation is opposed by some, on the
ground that it will make our territory too large;
but experience has .evinced that a representative
republic can, with convenience and efficiency, ex-
tend over limits far wider than from the St. Croix
to the Rio del Norte. Indeed, by the aid of rail-
roads and steam, the Union, with Texas included,
will be far more accessible in all its parts, either for
business or government, than it was at the revolu-
tion with only thirteen States, and those all situated
on the narrow belt of the eastern declivity of the Al-
leghanies. And this objection, if tenable, should
have been urged, and prevailed, before we purchased
either Louisiana or the Floridas.
How groundless, in connection with this, is the
objection by some senators, [Messrs. Miller and
Choate,] that duty does not require assent to the ces-
sion, because it is the lustfor "territorial aggrandize-
ment" which now prompts us—when the whole we
seek was not only obtained two generations ago, but
was justified then by such men as Jefferson,
Madison, and Monroe, and advocated since, and
attempted to be regained, by such men as Adams,
Clay, and Jackson? Or because) as imputed by the
senator from New Jersey, we wish to sieze Texas
now as "spoils of victory," "as a conquest by treaty,"
when, in truth, she comes into an equal union of
rights and privileges, from friendship and mutual
interest—from choice—and suited for it by education
and principles, and gaining quite as much by it as
we, or as Rhode Island gained by uniting with us
after 1789, or as Scotland gained by her union with
England near the commencement of the last century.
To repeat again some of my remarks on a former
occasion:
"The annexation has been oppssed as not a duty,
because inclining the balance of political power in
our system too much in favor of the "West and
South. But the same course of reasoning would
strip us of all our great domain on the Pacific ocean
—a country never to be surrendered while an Amer-
ican whaler visits its waters, or an American emi-
grant chooses to fish, hunt, or plant on the'banks of
the Columbia, It would also, from like apprehen-
sions as to the balance of power in the North, pre-
vent any future peaceable annexation of the Cana-
das, so ardently contemplated by our fathers from
the commencement of the revolution; and it would
heretofore have defeated the purchase of the Flori-
das by Mr. Monroe, and of Louisiana, including
Texas, by Mr. Jefferson; and would not only cast
censure on them and their venerable coadjutors, for
thus deranging the balance of power then, but
would add' reproach on Messrs. Adams and Clay
for attempting to regain Texas in 1825 and 1827,
and on Genera! Jackson and Mr. Van Buren for a
like attempt in 1829; and, what is still worse, by
this course of reasoning, for seeking, as was done
in 1835 by General Jackson and Mr. Forsyth, to
obtain a vast tract of additional country still farther
south and west, from the forty-second degree of lati-
tude to the thirty-seventh, and stretching towards
the setting sun over that degree across the entire
continent. But, in truth, the durable interests of
the whole Union are believed to have been looked to
on those occasions as now; and the theoretical bal-
ance of power, if adverted to nt all, can never en-
danger the practical workings of our system, which
will always produce greatest harmony when least
influenced by any sectional jealousies or local preju-
dices; and which will always be most attractive,
strongest, and most flourishing, where freest, unless
liberty and progress are mere phantoms of the im-
agination."
More than all this, Texas, if added to the Union,
may well be regarded, for ages if not forever, quite
as much northern as western and southern in many
of her principles and tastes. Her position on the
ocean—her numerous and large rivers near—her cul-
ture of sugar and rice, as well as cotton—her easy
intercourse with the West Indies and the North—
make her an Atlantic, State for most purposes, and
will connect her people, m their intercourse and
commerce, and views of political economy, very
closely with the Atlantic portion of the Union; and
•perhaps more intimately with the northern parts of
it than many now imagine.
"It is opposed by others on account of the badness
of some of the reasons assigned for it; as if a good
measure ought to be rejected because any one may
please to urge some weak reasons for it. By others,
because a few of its advocates are suspected of be-
ing interested in the question; as if that could im-
pair the. usefulness of the annexation itself, or was
not always an incident to almost every question of
great magnitude. And by others still, because the
auspices under which the measure is now proposed
are disliked; as if the necessity or value of a gift or
purchase depended upon the character of the agents
employed.
It is resisted by many for the reason that slavery
exists in Texas. That is an institution, to be sure,
which most people, born at the North, are, like
myself, averse to. But those who respect the con-
stitution and the Union remember that it is an insti-
tution which our parent country, before the revolu-
tion, forced upon both the North and the South;
'which, after being more deeply interwoven through
the social and political systems of the latter, the
rest of the States did not hesitate to confederate
with' her in lighting the battles of independence;
nor to counsel with her heroes, patriots, and states-
men, in forming the present constitution; nor to as-
sociate with them in carrying out its great destinies;
nor in guarantying their property and rights in com-
mon with the rest, then and during the half century
since, in peace and war, and in weal or wo.
However deprecated by many of us, we know
that none can legally abolish the institution but
those who possess it; and that while this has already
been done since the revolution by nearly half of the
old States, it may continue to be done by Texas
herself, as well as others, sooner or later, when
their sense of duty and safety may permit it, if left
tranquilly to the exercise of their own rights.
What effect the annexation of Texas will really
have on this measure, seems to be doubted
by some of its opponents, among whom the
most distinguished thinks it -will add more free
than slave States. But however that may be,
the friends of annexation believe that, while
a rejection of it must leave the institution of
slavery just as it is, without mitigation, the accept-
ance of it cannot add to the whole number of slaves
now in Texas and the United States together; and,
if dispersing that number over a wider apace, will
gradually tend to mak,e their freedom less expensive
and more easy in any one State; or, if concentrating
them further South than now, will render voluntary
emancipation more northwardly still, speedier and
safer. Whether such considerations have prepon-
derated before in overcoming this objection with
many of our most eminent friends of liberty and
philanthropy, I know not; but certain it is, that it
did not prevent Mr. Jefferson and his northern dem-
ocratic friends from purchasing Louisiana, includ-
ing Texas herself, in 1803; nor Florida from being
bought by Messrs. Monroe and Adams in 1819; nor
Texas again from being negotiated for by Messrs.
Adams and Clay in 1S25 and 1827; and by General
Jackson and Mr. Van Buren in the summer of 1829;
the decree of Mexico for abolishing slavery in her
possessions not being issued till September 15,1829."
—(See 4 Blunt's Annual Register, p. 147.)
It did not prevent us from keeping Texas with all
her slavery for sixteen years, and then exchanging
her for another slave territory. Is it not safer to
act with such men on a great national question? men
of all parties, coincident on this single measure, not-
withstanding the objection as to slavery? Much
safter than to indulge rashly in a disregard of every
precedent and principle adopted in respect to it dur-
ing half a century.
International interferences, or encouragements to
destroy the domestic or political mstiutions Qf each
other, are alike mischievous, whether attempt-
ed by us against her church-and-state sys-
tem, and monarchical government, or by England,
or the world's convention, in sight of her Par-
liament against any of our institutions. Without
going into details on this unpleasant topic, these
ficious complaints about us tend to plunge the world
into a state of constant warfare, rather than promote
durable peace and civilization.
Even tlie despot, Santa Anna, talks of keeping up
hostilities against Texas, in order to put down do-
mestic slavery there; and Ali Pacha in Egypt, while
amidst all his tyrannies he has the address towards
England to profess the emancipation of his slaves,
renews yearly a frontier slave hunt to recruit his
armies, navies, and household.
What is this objection, when made among our-
selves so pertinaciously, but a violation of
Washington's farewell injunction against en-
couraging sectional prejudicies and sectional
divisions; and of Jefferson's deprecations m the
Missouri controversy, against the drawing of "a
geographical line, coinciding with a marked prin-
ciple, moral, and political;" and which, if counte-
nanced, would, in his opinion, constantly sink deep-
er and deeper, and never be obliterated, except by
disastrous results, which he did not wish to live
long enough to witness?—(4 Jefferson's Life, 324 p.)
Declaring, as we have so often, that Cuba shall
never be allowed to go into the possession of another
power, I should like to know what is to be done
with slavery there, if the island is ever occupied by
us? And if becoming a territory or a State, on what
principle is it to be so, except that applied to Louis-
iana, Florida, and therefore to Texas? Are we to
have whites undei our dominion not free? nor ever
to be admitted into the Union on equal principles*
I will only add, in order to avoid misapprehen-
sion, that so far from feeling- opposed to the termi-
nation of slavery by all legal, safe, and constitu-
tional means, none could rejoice more heartily than
myself to see it thus ended the world over; and
among the whites, a: well as blacks; among the dis-
franchised, the serfs and paupers of Europe, and
even the dark Hindoos, as well as th« sable sons of
