770
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane, 1844.
2«th Cong 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
without just cause, andjwhich both France and Eng-
land, as well as ourselves, have informed her ought
not to be prosecuted longer. England, since
1840, has been under obligations by a treaty of me-
diation with Texas to procure an abandonment of
the claims of Mexico, Mr. Pakenham, April 19th,
1844, in confidential Doc., No. 8, says:
"It is a well-known fact that her (Great Britain's) most
zealous exertions have been directed towards the comple-
tion of that independence by obtaining its acknowledgement
at the hands of the only power by which it was seriously
disputed.1'
But why such zealous exertions for Texas, if she
"was not right' Again Lord Aberdeen says:
"We (Great Britain) put ourselves forward in pressing
the government of Mexico to acknowledge Texas as inde-
pendent."—(Letter 20th December, 1813, ditto 40th page )
Why press Mexico to abandon her cause, if it
■was correct?
If Mexico, then, will not abandon any thought
of further hostilities—if she will not listen to the
advice of- foreign power to acknowledge Texian in-
dependence—if she persists obstinately in disturb-
ing the! peace and commerce of the rest of the world
in the Gulf of Mexico and its neighborhood—if she
chooses to rely on the logic of kings, the ultima ratio
regum, rather than the judgment of the chief pow-
ers of the civilized world,—it'will not be our fault,
but hers, if any further hostilities ensue. The for-
tune of war must then be ours, and craven, indeed,
would be our spirit to flinch from it.
But if we turn a moment to the history of the
past, we shall find that nations generally have not
made cessions in a time of war by the parly in full
possession—a ground of war upon the purchaser;
and much less have they been accustomed to do it
after such intervals' of hostility—such protracted
' feebleness in 1he contest—such numerous and hijrli
remonstrances against it from the rest of the world
r-s exist in the present case. I will select only three
or four cases.
In 1685, after several years of revolution in Hol-
land against Spain, and only five years after the
declaration of independence by the former, Gluccn
Elizabeth, by a treaty, loaned money and troops lo
aid her, and took a cession in mortgage of several
towns and fortresses to indemnify her. This was
sixty-three years before their independence was ac-
knowledged" by Spain: and it was five years after
that before Spain chose to involve her m the general
war, on this or any other account.-—(See 2 Oavis's
History of Holland, 175 and 235.)
Again, in 1658, Dunkirk was conquered fjom
Spain by France and England, and given to the lat-
ter. In 1662, October 17, it was ceded by Charles
II to Louis XIV by treaty, and by the 8th article it
was stipulated, that if the King of Spam, from
■whom it was taken "by right of arms," should try
to regain it in two years, England was to furnish "a
considerable fleet" to defend it, but none after two
years.—(1 Collection of Treaties, p. 12J ) And
aid the nid ever become necessary?
Again, in 1712, Denmark, in a war with Sweden,
took the Duchy of Bremen and Yerden from the
latter, who had held. it under a treaty since 1648,
and sold and ceded it to the Elector of Hanover,
who was then George 1 of England, and who lit Id
it without Sweden ever presuming (o make it a cause
of war with Hanover or England.—(2 vol. Pufler-
dorf's Summary, p. 202, 246, 256-8.)
Lastly, and directly m point, Guatemala was
acknowledged independent in 1824, under the name
of "United Provinces of Central America. ' Cina-
pus, which had before belonged to Guatemala, chose
to act independent of Guatemala, and against her
consent, at length offered to unite with Mexico,
and was admitted, and remains thore. This was m
1835.—(See p. 113 and 117, 2 ICen.) So in pnvaie
life, and by the common law, a party in possession
of Jand can convey and deliver it properly, without
imputations of fraud and conspiracy, as laushed
here, and outstanding claims by third persons
must be abandoned, or peacefully prosecuted against
the new occupant and trespasser. In Martin, b. ],
c. 1, and b. 8, c. 5, the. true doctrine is laid down,
that a State is free and sovereign, if it governs itself
and acknowledges no superior but God. Then
others may not only acknowledge such a State as
sovereign and independent, but take grants of terri-
tory from it, and even aid it, if its cause is just, and
it is in possession. The opposite party will usually
complain; and, unless policy forbid, will at times
seek to recover the land, or retaliate; but seldom,
if ever, in protracted troubles like this. If Texas
had injured us, and refused redress, since her inde-
pendence was recognised in 1837, could we not
rightfully have made war on her, and, if conquering,
hold her territory, if possible, as against Mexico
and the whole world? Surely. And this settles
the whole question of the dejure right of cession
or transfer; for conquest is only one mode of trans
fer; rightfully, by the law of nations. We have
obtained indemnity from her by one treaty since
1836, and established even boundaries with her by
another. But how this has been done with her
rightfully, and not Mexico, if Mexico is the dejure
government, it would be difficult to explain.
Regarding the territory of Texas as conquered
by its people from Mexico, which some do, then
their sovereignty to it is completed by the full assiai
of its population; and their cession is valid by a
like assent of them as well as their government.—
(2 Burlemaque, p. 309.)
In war, the title of all property seized on either
side is considered to be in the actual possession;
and, if afterwards sold to a third "person, or
third power, the title passes, and it passes bey aid
recovery, if of movables; and if of immovables,
cannot be regained, unless by consent, or unless the
original owner chooses to risk for it war, (I Burle-
maque, 297,) and succeeds in the war.—(2 Whea-
ton, 289.)
Nor is it any breach of treaty with Mexico to
take such a cession, in such a case. It is the right
and usage of nations to do it. They must deal with
Texas as a dejure as well as de facto government—
as of full age, and possessing m the family of na-
tions equal rights and power witli other nations.
The doctrine jus poslimmii does not apply un-
less the original owner gets into possession, (2
Wheaton, 112;) and a "modification of the rule
may be requirea in practical application" even then,
if a civil reiolution is mixed up.—(Grotius, b. 3,
ch. 6, sec. 4.) But there is no bleach of treaty,
there being no guaranty of territory in any of our
treaties with Mexico, though once our ministers
were mstiucted to make such a guaranty to Spam
of her territories west of the Mississippi. Yet it, is
competent for Mexico to make the cession and union
of Texas with us, until her claims are relinquished,
a cause of hostilities towards us; though, under all
the circumstances of the right of the contest being
in Texas, as before explained, it is not a just cause.
Wheie a revolt Inis occurred, and its independence
been acknowledged, third powers may treat it,
when in possession of separate sovereignty, as in-
dependent in all respects; and if former masters
complain, it is without cause. So it is competent
to aid such power while in "possession of inde-
pendence," as we must if uniting with Texas; but
if the secession be unjust, the old masters maj-com-
plain, and resort to force, "as policy or anger may
prompt," but not if secession be just.—('Martin's
Law of Nations, p. 80, b. 3, ch. 2, sec. 10 )
But though exposed in such case to some belliger-
ent hazards, they are usually encountered when
duty prompts; and much more leadily ifthe hazards,
as here, are remote, doubtful; founded, as here, in
injustice, on the pait of the ancient claimant, and
prosecuted in a barbarous anil unjustifiable manner.
Let me not be misunderstood. In one aspect of
the case, as all the territory of Texas is ceded, and
her government united with ours, we may be held
jointly responsible for all that Texas is now liable
to severally.
1 am iree to admit that, though actual hostilities
do not now exist, and of couise will not now be-as-
sumed by us if uniting with Texas, yet Mexico
can obstinately persist m claiming her allegiance
forever—may refuse to recognise her independence
for centuries, and threaten everlasting war. But
before actually recommencing hostilities, she will
be likely to look a little to public opinion and her
true policy, under all the facts of the case, and will
probably come to the conclusion, that a war, re-
newed after all the circumstances just recapitulated,
can hardly be deemed a just war, or receive any
countenance from the intelligence and civilization
of the rest of the world. It is certainly preferable
not to come ill collision with any nation, under any
pretensions, however ill-founded, if they can be
overcome by reasonable remonstrance or friendly
solicitation. But if all these have been exhausted
in vain by us and the leading powers of Europe, lo
persuade Mexico to recognise the independence of
Texas, the safety of internationai intercourse and
the claims of humanity will compel the rest of the
world to perform their duties to others, and sustain
their own national rights.
Under ail the circumstances, then, we not only
possess rights to secure ou? frontiers wore effectually
in both peace and war, and protect our institutions
and commerce from .all disturbances; but' it is our
- duty to do it when voluntary and amicable oportu-
mties exist, and we should beside be justly exposed
to severe censure, as the leading power on the
American continent, if we longer neglect to extend
more decisive influence in favor of a weaker, and
wronged people, our neighbors and kin; and to in-
terpose effectually to put an end to inhuman aggres-
sions upon them-, and to restore peace, commerce,
and civilized conduct on the theatre of the new
world.
The rules of national law are clear on this point;
and in the first place, as to the interposition for stop-
ping a contest, which has been conducted'with in-
humanity.
I fearlessly assert, that if the condition of
things which has existed since 1836, is to be digni-
fied by the name of a public war, between Mexico
and Texas, it has been conducted in such a preda-
tory and uncivilized manner, that if, by a friendly
union with Texas, we became exposed to it, and it
is renewed, we shall perform a great public, chris-
tian, and international duty by thus taking it on our-
selves and ending it.
Mixed up with this, is often the consideration,
that the contest has been carried on so long as to
disturb too much the peace, commerce, and interests
of the rest of the world; and in this way, tends not
only to the' gradual destruction of one or both of the
belligerents; but sacrifices the mutual rights of others
to free trade and tranquillity, and makes them vic-
tims to foolish obstinacy on the part of the comba-
tants.
This is unreasonable, and may, by compacts be-
tween other nations, or the magnanimous impulses
of one, be ended if practicable.
Let us first listen to what Chancellor Kent says
against such misbehavior in war. In 1 Kent's Com.
90, lie denounces, as contrary to national law, the
"making slaves of prisoners."—(Cites Grotius for
this and Montesquieu, as saying "that the laws of
war gave no other power over a captive than to keep
him safely,") So page 91—plunder of private prop-
erty on land is forbidden in war; and especially you
are "not to distuib the cultivators of the soil."
Hear Mr. Webster, also, on that point, (in Doc.
10, confidential,) in his letter to Thompson, part of
which I have before cited for another puipose:
"You will take occasion to converse with the Mexican
Secretary, 111 a fueurlly mannei, and represent to him how
f-ieatly it would contribute to the advantage as well as the
lonorof Mexico, (o abstain altogether from predatory in-
cursions and other similar modes of warfare. Mexico has
an undoubted right to resuhjugate Texas, if bhc can, so far
as other States are concerned, by the common and lawful
moans of war. But other States are interested—and espe-
cially the United States, a neai neighbor to both patties, axe
interested—not only in the restoration of peace betweenthem,
but aho in tho manner in which the war shall be conducted,
if it shall continue These suggestions roay sufhee lor what
you arc lequestcd to say. amicably and kindly, to the Mex-
ican secictary, at present, but I may add. for your inform-
ation. that it is in the contemplation of this government to
a<e in a more formal huimxei with .Mexico, at a pe-
riod not far distant, unless she slra.lL consent to make peace
with Texts, or shall show the disposition and ability to
prosecute the war with respectable forces."'
Let me explain how the remonstrance in a
more formal manner against the Turkish mode of
waging war in Greece upon women and children,
fanners and vineyards, jh 1827, (427,) was conduct-
ed by the great European powers. It was by lay-
ing the English, French, and .Russian fleets along-
side of the semi-barbarians, from whose decks the
ravaging troops had bec-n disgorged, and blowing up
and otherwise destroying 4 sail-of-the-iine, 15 frigates,
15 corvettes, 9 brigs, 3 fire-ships, and numerous
transports; being the whole Ottoman fleet of near 100
vessels, and a loss of human life unprecedented in
maritime contests.—(2 Blount, 428. )
Hear 3\Ir. W. again on the right for us to intei-
fere:
"Indeed, although the light or the safety of none of their
owacnizenswaf concerned, yet if. m a war waged be-
tween two neighboring states, the lulling, enslaving, or cru-
elly treating ol persons should be indulged the UnitetJ States
would feel it to be their duty, as well as their light, to re-
monstrate ard to iittrtjerp against such a departure from
the principles of humanity and civilisation. These princi-
ples are common principles, essential alike to the w elfare
ol* all nation-;; and iu the preservation of which all nations
hate, therefore, tights and interests. But their duty to in-
terfere becomes miperath e, m ca^es affecting their owa citi-
zens.
"It is, therefore, that the government of the United States
protests against the hardships and cruelties to which the
Santa Fe prisoners have been subjected. It protests against
this treatment in the name of humanity, and the law of na-
tions; m the name of all Christian States-, in the name of civ*
ilization, and the spiiit of the age; in the name of all repub-
lice; the nrnne of liberty herself, enfeebled and dishon*
