June, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBES.
7(3
Annexation of Texag—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
quest. But I must he permitted to conclude by declaring
my hope to see, ere long, the new United States (if you will
allow me the expression) embracing not only the old thir-
teen States, but the entire country east of the Mississippi,
including East Florida, and some of the Territories to the
jiorth of us also."
There is another illustration on that very fron-
tier as to what kind of danger to our property
must exist, in order to justify forcible interposition,
and from which it can readily be inferred how
much less or remote danger would make it our duty
to interpose by a peaceful purchase, even if some
risk of unjust retaliation against us should accom-
pany the transaction. -In the House of Represema-
tiues, on the 8th of January, 1811, in secret session,
a resolution was passed, authorizing the President,
in either of two event*, to take possession of the
Floridas.—(2 Executive Journal, pages 180, 181.)
The steps were adopted from the "intimate relation
of the territory" to the United States, with an eye
"to their security and tranquillity," and consider-
ing the "peculiar situation of Spain and of her Amer-
ican provinces;" and it was resolved that we could
not "with indifference"" "see it pass from the hands
of Spain into those of any other foreign power."—(Page
175.) See Mr. Madison's message recommending
the steps, though it was then denounced by a few
of his political opponents as "robbery and war,"
while others vindicated it on high principles of na-
tional law.—(National Intelligencer, 5th January,
1811.) (Annexed A and B, are the whole mes-
sage, report, and declaration.)
The British Minister then protested, and intimated
that we acted "from ambitious motives," or by a desire
of foreign conquest and territorial aggrandisement.
How exactly does the senator from Massachusetts
now tread in the footsteps of the British Minister.
Mr. Foster urged, further, that the United States, un-
der this pretex of a claim, "cannot expect to avoid the
reproach ivhich must follow the ungenerous and unpro-
voked seizure of a foreign colony, while the parent State
is engaged in a noble contest for independence," at
home, &c.—(2 State Papers, 543.)
Mr. Monroe replied to Foster, July 8, 1811, (543.)
and not admitting the right of England to interfere,
repels the motives imputed, though too common
abroad. t
Again, November 2, 1813, he says we had
claims for spoliations, &c., on Spain, long unsatis-
fied; looked to East Florida, as means near for in-
demnity; and could not allow them to go out
of our reach, llicithout injustice and dishonor to our-
selves, and no other power could take East Florida, but
from hostile views to us. Hence the act of Con-
gress was passed, empowering possession to be
taken in certain events.—(2 State Papers, 544 p.)
He adds: The united States "have been persuaded
that remissness on their part might invite the danger, if
it had not already done so, when it is much their
interest and desire to prevent it, (544 p.)
Much more of detail on this can be. seen in the
volumes referred to, and our own files, as well as
in the National Intelligencer of June 20th, 1811.
And it is not the least remarkable coincidence, that
the' first appearance of some of these "documents
was then, as now, by an unlicensed publication of
them in a newspaper in Connecticut, probably from
the confidential copy of some senator, with a view
to make political capital against Mr. Madison, and
by which the Intelligencer justly remarked, "the
public interests were wantonly disregarded." These
cases are all those where force was used or contem-
plated, and urging excuses for it. But, in that
of Texas, we have used no force, and propose to
use none, unless unjustly attacked; and ,will not the
reasons already recapitulated excuse defence, when
attacked, if they then excused force in the first in-
stance?
In 1820, it was again recommended hy President
Monroe, the Secretary cf State being Mr. Adams,
to pass a law to take possession of the Floridas,
notwithstanding the treaty ceding them had not been
ratified. Some of the reasons urged in the public
prints were, the necessity of them for safety to the
southern States, for better protection against insid-
ious interference from abroad, and the contempt as
well as injustice attached there to the Spanish
power.—(Niles's Register for 20th December, 1820,
and 18th March.)
Let it not be said, as differing from the present
case, that we then had claims against Spam unset-
tled, for we now have important ones against Mex-
ico.
These may be considered by some as bold meas-
ures. They were recommended at least by bold
men—men who knew their rights and always dared
to maintain them, however menaced at home or
abroad. They only looked for the path of duty, and,
when found, moved forward in it, swerving neither
to the right_ nor left, from attempted intimidation or
foreign-intrigue. As an example for us on this oc-
casion, let us look to the practical exposition of their
principles in 1803, as well as in the cases of 1810,
1811, and 1820, just referred to.
The apprehension of any difficulty with Spain, who
remonstrated against our right to purchase Louisiana,
did not deter our patriot fathers in 1803 from accom-
plishing that ever memorable duty, and glorious act
of policy; and as little did the apprehension of a seiz-
ure of it by England, in h^r war with France, then
breaking out, alarm them from their purpose. Much
less should such fears swerve us from the still higher
and more numerous obligations that urge us onward
to a peaceful acquiMtion, not made in the spirit of ag-
grandizement, but, beside other good motives, to
restore what was our own near half a century ago,
and what, by Jefferson and Madison, with the
whole Congress and country, except a small disaf-
fected party, was vindicated as a purchase just and
necessary for national security and national pros-
perity.
On what ground can any part of the European
world presume to interfere with our amicable com-
pacts with neighboring States on this continent?
And on what just ground are we to be deterred from
what is right, honorable, and peaceful in managing
our own affairs, because displeasure happens to be
expressed at it by Mrs. Grundy or Lord Brougham,
or Daniel O'Connell, or Lord Aberdeen' What if
the exhortation of one of them came to us last e\en-
ing across the Atlantic, trying to rally the whole
British empire to interfere at once to prevent the an-
nexation oj Texas?
England forgets that she recognised our independ-
ence more that half a century ago; and one would
think that it was nearly time now for lier oligarchy
to refrain from intermeddling in our affairs. She is
in an admirable position to denounce our thirst for ac-
quiring territory, when she has added encroachment
to encroachment till her forts and factories encircle
the whole globe almost as closely as her light-houses
do her coast.
As to such tirades, and the threatened scorn or
censure of the world at large on us for the transac-
tion, T cannot refrain from recalling to your nunds
the eloquent sentiments uttered by Mr. Clay in 1820,
when the recognition of the South American prov-
inces was under consideration, and when the re-
proaches of transatlantic rivals were held up in teiro-
reta against us:
" On a subject of this sort, Mr. (I. asked, was it possible
v, e could be content to lenuun, a>>v,e now were, looking
anxiously to Enropf, watching tin- eye<? ol Lord <" astlerea^h,
and getting-scraps of letteis doubtful]) indicative of Ins
wishes; and sending to the (-7ar oi Ituscm, and getting an-
other scrap fiom Count Nespclrodc7 "Why not proc-rd to
act on our own responsibility, and recognise the.se govern-
ments as independent, instead of taking the lead ol the Holy
Alliance in y course which jeopards the happiness o'f
unborn millions' Mr C deprecated this dpferpnee lor for-
eign powers. If I.ord ( astlereagh sa\ s v> e may recognise,
we do; if not, we do not A single expression of the Biit-
i>h minister to the present Seeietaiy ol State, then oui min-
ister abroad, he w.is ashamed to say, had moulded the poli-
cy of our government tow aids S'onth America—an expul-
sion, which, hke Mr Adams's definition of republicanism,
had lieen construed to mean anything or nothing We look
too much abroad. Mr (' said, a on may find our minister m
England at one turn at the door ol* the Horse Guards, and
the next momt nt 111 Patei uuster Kow , puiehasing liteiatuie
fortius country Our institutions «aid Mr C now make
us free, hut how long vha.ll we continue so, if w e mould our
opinions on those of Europe? Let us break these com- j
mercial and political fetter <*; let us no longer watch the nod
of any European politician: let us become real and true
Americans, and place ourselves at the heed ofthe Amencan
system.''
Even two years earlier, m a speech of the 24th of
March, 1818, he exhorted us to make the lead in fa-
vor of tlie revolted and oppressed provinces of Spain, j
in "defiance of the dn ine right of kings to rule." If i
we erred, it was better to err on the side of human j
liberty. He was "not, a propagandist," but h^d •
sympathy for such a people, and would recognise |
them, and act further, "c/s circumstance* and interest \
require.—(1 vol. of Speeches, 85 p.) If we were j
ourselves independent, wo ought to be "guided by i
American policy,1' and "obey the laws of the system j
of the new world."—(88 p.) i
In doing this, as I have recently remarked on ;
another occasion, if war be threatened, or actually ;
conies, it will be gratifying to reflect that it comes !
wrongfully, and might come so in any other ditfictd- 1
ty—even for the mere acknowledgment of Tcxinn 1
independence, as was menaced by Spam in a like ;
case, and by Santa Anna himself for still slighter ;
reasons. But whatever nation, heeding threats
or exposure to unjust war, is tempted by tftte dread
of them to turn aside from the path of duty, human-
ity, and honor, is itself unfit to exercise independent
powers, and should be reannexed to her ancient
masters.
So far from this shrinking having marked our
course, even under more threatening dangers in
1810, 1811, and 1820, we went still farther in 1823
than before; we avowed a determination to interpose
ourselves, if any new foreign power should presume
only to colonize anywhere on this continent, and
hence much more, if in Cuba or Texas, in our near
neighborhood; because, more than ten years previ-
ous, it had been foreseen and stated, that if anew
foreign power should take possession of Cuba, the
whoie Mississippi valley will be at her mercy.—
(PsTat. Int., 8th July, 1811.)
We united in the Congi-ess of Panama, even before
Mexican independence had been acknowledged by
a single European power; one object of which was,
"firmly establishing the independence of each ofthe
American republics."—(Canaz Letter, 96, Appendix,
4th Blount.)
Another object was to concert measures to pre-
vent Europe from colonizing further in any part of
the American continent.—(Saloza to Clay, Nov.
2,1835, p. 92, Appendix.)
And this rested in part on the idea that such a
colonization would endanger the independence and
safety of all the new republics.
In 1825, under Mr. Adams's administration, Mr.
Clay, as Secretary of State, seems to have been au-
thorized to state officially, not only that "we cannot
allow a transfer of the island (Cuba) to any Euro-
pean power, "but that the Mexicans have been dissua-
ded not to attack Cuba in the war with Spain, lest
it might lead to consequences dangerous to the do-
mestic tranquillity of the South.—(Clay to Middle-
ton, 26th December, 1825, Blount's Register, 91.)
It therefore not only became a common object
in this continent to prevent new' foreign settlements
and influences here, but we labored to enligt friendly
powers in Europe to sanction it, and succeeded in
convincing England that it was her duty, as well aa
ours, to prevent any nation abroad from aiding Spam
to reconquer her revolted provinces.—(2 Wheaton,
81 to 89.)
But, so far from this countenancing any force
or intrigues from abroad, to control any of
the new republics here, it aimed in principle at
the defeat of such attempts, as well as of ordina-
ry colonization. It tries to secure to all America
self-government, free either from European diploma-
cy or European arms. If Texas, or any other re-
public, chooses to cede apart or all her territory, and
unite with other sister States in government, what
right has Great Britain or France to interpose, more
than we have with the voluntary union of Ireland
with England? or the voluntary separation of Bel-
gium from Holland?
A war in Europe may arise from the change of
masters over a single city or province, but it is a
war in her own brotnerhood or system; and neither
connects itself with changes m Asia, though of do-
minion there over empires, nor recognises American
interferences in Europe or Asia more than we admit
of European ones here. Mr. Madison says, Europe
has, in many respects, a system of policy and in-
terests, almost peculiarly her own, and disconnected
from other quarters of the globe. The danger of
foreign interference, and of collisions with other na-
tions than Mexico, is really more imminent, if we
postpone annexation, than if we complete it forth-
with. In this last case, the door is shut to Euro-
pean tactics. Threats, jealousies, or favors, in-
trigues and appliances of all kinds, will be superseded,
and futuie struggles or blood to secure ourselves on
that frontier, worse than anything now probable,
will all be obviated.
In closing these remarks on officious interference
from abroad, and manufactured public opinion
abroad, 1 say, unhesitatingly, that if we are to be
calumniated for exercising a constitutional right
to purchase, tieat, and unite, with an independent
nation, in procuring again an empire in size, which
we once owned, and is occupied by our own brethren;
f..r doing this by peaceful negotiation, and forr u-
tual benefits, rather than by rapacity or fraud; and
for exposing ourselves to no just cause of war, but,
on the contrary, terminating a predatory and bar-
barous contest in behalf of liberty, independence, re-
ligious freedom, the Anglo-Saxon race, and the
progress of humanity and civilization,—I, for one,
am ready to appear at tke bar of public opinion}
