rr&
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1844.
28th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Annexation of Texas—Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
and stand prepared to abide the calm judgment of
both cotemporaries and posterity.
Some senators have deemed it a duty not to take
this cession on account of our relations with Mexi-
co, and the fear which ought to be entertained of her
Tengeance. But it a mistake to suppose that, by
• Ivs cession, if ourfoimer positions have been main-
tained, we thus violate the solemnity of our treaties
■with Mexieo. It is 1,0 violation of them to consider-
the territory of Texas as not Mexican, but as be-
longing to another power—to Texas herself. So
says the late Secretary of State, and so said, in 1838,
our treaty of limits with Texas. Even if Mexico
chooses to involve us in war on-that account, we are
not guilty of such a violation any more than we
were by our quasi war with France in 1798, and our
real war with England in 1812; as we then had
solemn treaties of peace with bolh of those powers
existing, as sacred and in full force as now with
Mexico.
It is begging the question to call our conduct on
any of these questions a violation of our treaty
obligations.
As little should we be terrified from duty by the
apprehension of Mexican power, when exercised
unjustly; though almost every speech on the other
side begins and ends with war—not only threatened,
but war approaching—war almost in our midst.
But we should fear a neglect of duly to our own
country and Texas much more than the prwcess and
succcss of Mexico, which have been so exaggerated,
while, in truth, so lame and impotent as, during six
years past, to kill a few women by Indians and con-
victs, and capture one judge and two or three (rav-
elling editors of newspapers, but not retain a single
foot of land or a single fort. And, though some of
the gentlemen who engaged in this debate seemed
almost to see merchants fleeing, property seques-
trated, cor.merce plundered on the ocean, cities
sacked, and Santa Anna ready to plant ^as he once
threatened) the Mexican standard over our heads on
the dome of our Capitol; yet, unfortunately, that
hero has heretofore so misbehaved in peace as to
have driven most of our traders already from his
dominions, and to have neither power to come here
by water, except in borrowed vessels, nor disposi-
tion to march eastward again by land, over the ter-
ritory near the field of San Jacinto.
How long it would take Mexico to reconquer
Texas when allied with us, after the attempts so
vain and so long on her unallied, it is not very diffi-
cult to compute; and I think the nerves of our wives
and daughters, and the cradles of our infants, may
be kept tolerably calm under this new panic. On
the contrary, Mexico has every inducement to pur-
sue a policy entirely different, and more worthy her
natural position.
She has a noble opportunity, on this occasion, to
withdraw from her further claims with dignity, and
honor, and courtesy. It is not necessary that she
should formally admit what has so long seemed appa-
rent—her inability to reconquer Texas; but merely
acquiesce in the independence of a territory,
•whose people were mostly invited there from the
United States by new colonization laws, in order to
aid her 111 defence against Indian aggressions, whose
education, habits, and religion, do not accord with
hers, and are unsuited to harmonize under her sys-
tem; and, as before fully shown, have rightfully re-
sisted it: and in fine, whose valor and success have
excited the sympathies and confidence ofmost ofthe
world. For the sake of meeting the wishes of the
great powers of that world, and restoring quiet to
its commeice, as well as peace, what is there derog-
atoiy in saying she will no longer stand up against
the public opinion of Christendom? Spam having
done the same by Mexico, and England by us, no
feeling of pride is injured, nor the slightest humili-
ation involved, while at last she may win some
glory by becoming the pacificator of much of the
new continent.
Let us not, then, cling to this twig, or dwell
no that small flaw—hang a doubt on one loop,
and an old prejudice on another. But group all
these strong incentives to action together—add the
political force of one to the moral strength of the
other, and the urgent national interests in future, as
•well as now, so deeply involved to the whole, and
then weigh them en masse; and if they do not
show a heavy preponderance of duty on us t-> take
the cession immediately, I must confess my inability
to weigh properly either evidence or principles.
It is, however, well known that a portion of this
body deem our right to acquire, and the right of
Yexas to c*de, clear; and our duty, at some time, to
carry the measure into effect equally clear; and yet
entertain doubts whether the present moment is
most suitable for that purpose. To such I would, in
conclusion, submit a few suggestions.
The annexation of Texas has been deemed desira-
ble now by our executive, as well as the govern-
ment of Texas; and a treaty has been finished to that
effect, to be ratified within six months. Without
strong reasons, what has been duly commenced, as
of national magnitude, should be completed.
Again: Texas has been invited to institute pro-
ceedings, and close the treaty; and without strong
reasons she ought not, in this stage of the business,
to be disappointed and repudiated.
Tne reasons acting on the executives of both
countries—the proper organs to commence such
measures—have been sufficient and urgent, and re-
quiring, in their view, immediate annexation. It is
well known, also, that many of the objections
hitherto prevailing as to the stability and ripeness
of Texian independence, and as to the probability of
reconquest by Mexico, have been much weakened,
if not entirely removed. Public opinion, too, has
had more time to ?%e developed, and has been fully
disclosed in of annexation now, by public
meetings and resolutions, by memorials and cor-
respondence, infinitely more decisive and long than
when it was negotiated for in 1825 or 1829, or when
it was offered in 1 -37. A rejection now is likely,
also, to be const t ucd as if casting dishonor on Texas,
after inviting lu r aftuui and concurrence in the ces-
sion and procc so far.
We have been trying to accomplish the reannexa-
tion for more than twenty years; and now, when
peaceably wjthm our grasp, cju it be wisdom to let
it escape, for reasons of form or ceremony, or party?
If it be a mere question of time, as some urge, then
why not seize time by the forelock? Why, in the
language of the late national convention, not do it
"as soon as practicable?" Delays, also, are danger-
ous, lest offence be taken on the other side, and the
proposition be never resumed. So a delay here
may lead to alliances and guaranties elsewhere,
though not probably to reunion in government
with a monarchy. Reannexation may be thus
defeated long, if not forever, as well as a danger-
ous foreign influence planted on our borders,
which will not only peril our domestic institutions
and property, as the Texian constitution is open to
change on sill subjects, but rob us of the control of
the ©ulf of Mexico, and girdle us around from
New Brunswick to the Sabine, in a more iron and
deadly gripe than that contemplated by France be-
fore our revolution.
I say nothing here on the disclaimers of England
as to abolition designs with us, when she has
avowed them as to the whole world—has en-
couraged them in Brazil and Texas, if not on the
La Platte—has sheltered our slave criminals in her
provinces and islands; but I do say that our coun-
try, and our whole country, cannot see with indif-
ference the wall she is closing up around
us. Cuba at her mercy on the South whenever
war approaches, the Gibraltar of the Gulf of
Mexico—the Bahamas on the East, bristling with
cannon—Halifax, duebec, and Maiden, with muni-
tions and soldiery, on the Northeast and North—
the Rocky mountains on the West bamcadcd, and
the mouth of the Columbia fortified by her Hud-
son's Bay company; and last, but not least, Texas
011 the southwest, forced almost insanely by us into
her influences and protection, if not close alliance.
Even in this debate, some senators [Mr. Choate]
have considered the reconquest of Texas by hei
old oppiessors as probable, unless annexation to us
speedily takes place, and yet refuse that annexation,
and complacently foretell that there is another mode
escaping subjugation by accepting British aid, and, I
presume, of course, with it, British abolition condi-
tions, as well as British control. Beside these indi-
cations of the evils likely to result from delay, and
beside the readiness of Mexico to continue her per-
severing efforts to thwart us in the object of annex-
ation, by any co-operation with England, we have
already had a foretaste since 1837 of the gratifica-
tion felt in the British public at our shortsightedness
in not uniting earlier with Texas, and the sanguine
hopes of their future influence there, which have
thus been excited.
The Edinburgh Review of 1841 says:
"The United States, m refusing to admit Texas into their
confederation, have rejected an offer, which m ail probabihy
will never again be made to them; and Texas becoming, as
years pass by, more and more attached to its o\\ n institu-
tion?, its own distinct policy, and its own national policy,
and its own national character, will speedily regard the
United States with some of those feelings of jealousy,
which nations always learn to entertain towards their
nearest and most powerful neighbors. The commercial in-
terests of Texas, and the antipathy to the northern portion
of the United States, which she inherits from her Kindred
of the southern States, will always tend to unite"her with
Groat Britain."
After detailing the advantages of a close al-
liance between Texas and Great Britain, the Review
adds:
"The bonds of ancient kindred may thus be knit with
fresh strength, and the independence of Texas create only
a wider diffusion of the British race and British sym-
pathies."
After going over the inducements existing both in
Texas and in the United States, to the conclusion of
a treaty, and remarking that the signature of it
" need not surprise any one," the London Herald
thus speculates:
"Such a treaty would (unless the consent of Santa Anna
thereto have been previously obtained—a most unlikely
event) lead to a rupture; il not to hostilities, between the
United States and Mexico, and even if it did not produce
immediate war, would most certainly foster the 'mission'
to overrun Mexico which even now has possession of a
large proportion of the Anglo-Americans. In a quarrel
arising from such a cause, England and France would have
a right to interfere, if only because annexation affected their
acquired interests in Texas; it is the policy df both eoun-
tiiesto support Mexico as a counterpoise to the United
States; and JCngland has an especial ground for the preser-
vation of Texian independence m its influence on Canada."
Suppose that Mr. Jefferson had listened to delay
in the purchase of Louisiana for only a single month,
the war being renewed between England and
France, would have made it a prey to British su-
periority at sea; and all the evils now deprecated as
to the security of the commerce and cities of the
Mississippi, and the domestic tranquillity of the
South would have been earlier felt and earlier agitated
the whole Union.—(See Marbois History of Lou-
isiana.)
What is the bearing of the new correspondence on
this subject? It is most significant. It discloses the
fact that Texas deems a new and formidable inva-
sion from Mexico, when she hears of this treaty, to
be so probable as not to be willing to enter upon
making it without assurances of aid from us, if the
exigency occurs while the negotiations are pending.
So much is certain, that if we reject the treaty
or delay it, and the invasion comes, Texas must be
satisfied that no just aid can constitutionally be
granted by us. What, then, must be her next re-
source? will it be to take the field and wade
through carnage, expense and conflagration, .to
repel it victoriously alone, as ?he doubtless may, ac-
cording to the experienced judgment of the senator
from Missouri? Certainly, rather than submit to
Mexican reconquest and Mexican chains; but cer-
tainly not, if she can avert both the carnage and
the chains, with honor, by an arrangement with
England or France, after making the first offer to
us, and experiencing a humiliating refusal. In a
single month, after such refusal or delay, it will
be wise and natural for her to guard against new
contingencies, though not to become an integral
part of the British or French monarchies, and aban-
don her republican institutians and independence;
but to receive the guaranty of one of them against
Mexican oppression. Of course, it would be on
such terms as are honorable and acceptable to both
parties; and leave no motive for renewed negotia-
tions with us on such terms as will secure life and
property, restore peace to her industry and com-
merce, grow cotton for England independent of
us—a most vital object to her—improve the
finances of Texas, and fill up her rich domain, not
by us and ours, and to our benefit and glory, but
with millions from other quarters of the world, who
have so long been repulsed by her hitherto embar-
rassed and unsettled relations. If, then, a more
intimate union is ever to take place with us, it is
my solemn conviction that "now's the day and
liow's the hour."
These apprehensions are so far from being vi-
sionary, that numerous similar arrangements by
more powerful States, with youthful and small
republics, have occurred and continued for centuries.
How striking in the ease of the Hanse Towns, and
other free cities of Germany? How momentous, at
times, in that of the Swiss cantons5 in that of Geneva?
Genoa? How desirable to us once, when the pro-
tection and assistance of France were obtained
under certain mutual guaranties, but without our
becoming a part of France, or a dependency, or
ever feeling disposed, however much pressed, to
renew our governmental relation with England,
though attached to her by origin, education and
