7T6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Aptil,.;1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Improvement of the Western waters—Mr. Rkett.
H. fc>f Reps..
this government. All, according to the doctrine con-
tended for, belong to this government.
Nor would we comprehend the extent of the
nnw<T  oha.ned for this government, and our corres-
ponding obiuvuions. it we limit our superintend-
ence and aid Ouiy to rivers, harbois, canals.
Since this policy was first put into operation, a new
instrument of internal improvement has sprung into
existence. Railroads are covering the country, cross-
ing and superseding the old high-ways of nature,
and binding the Union together with their links of
iron; and, more than all other instruments of inter-
nal improvement combined, promoting commercial
intercourse, and providing for the "common de-
fence" and "the general welfare" of the country.
The old idea, "that by limiting appropriations by
Congress to works of a 'national character,' there
was really some limitation fo appropriations," is
fairly run down by steam. Steam on the railroad is
about to supersede all other means of traveling, and
half the other means of commerce. North, east,
west, and south, there will be one eternal roll of the
steam engine, bearing our enterprising and lestless
population on their ceaseless errands of business
and wealth. The time may not be far off when a
man may leave the frontiers of Maine, and reach
New Orleans without floating over a drop of water.
Let gentlemen fix their limit where they please, if
nationality and a general utility, or internal com-
merce between the States, will justify appropriations
by this government, steam will overrun it. It will
not only not stop within a State, or pause at a port
of entry, or connect the lakes with the gulf, and the
Atlantic with the Mississippi—but it will run all
over, and all round the Union! ,and make an appro-
priation for the most insignificant part an appropria-
tion for the whole system, which will be universal
in its existence over the Union. Even in the infan-
cy of railroads, look at what they have already ac-
complished. All the great cities of the North are
connected together: and from Maine to Wilmington,
ill Ninth Caiolina, theie is a continuous line of
Iran.'001 tation by railroads; and from Charleston, in
So>.ih Carolina, to the Tennessee, the road is nearly
cmnpl.'icd. Who can doubt but that in due time
railroads will pervade every part of the great valley
of the Mississippi, and leave its mighty rivers to
the tiasportation of produce only? If internal im-
provements Eire entered into at all by the govern-
ment, it is clear that railroads, the greatest of all,
cannot Lc pretermitted. They must be a part of the
system, or the reasoning which sustains it must be
abandoned. Even now, what instrument of inter-
nal improvement is so powerful for defence? What
so efficient for "commerce," or the "general wel-
fare?" It is the first and mightiest of all the devices
of man, for overcoming distance, and increasing the
resources, and conccntrating the power, of a coun-
try.
Now, sir, let us cast up the extent of the power
claimed for this government by the principles of this
bill. It includes all the harbors, all the greatnvers,
all the gieat canals, and all the railroads in the Union
—present and to come. I defy the gentlemen, on
any principle of fair reasoning, to stop shoi t of this
extent by their method of construing the constitu-
tion. This is the extent of the power, or it exists
not at all. And, if it exists now, it lias always ex-
isted, and carried with it the obligation to exercise it.
It was all along the duty of this government, as it
is its duty now, to carry on all such works of inter-
nal improvement as the constitution has authorized
and commanded; and, if the States have performed
the functions properly belonging to this government,
beyond all controversy they ought to be indemnified
and protected. Suppose a State (as South Carolina
did during the last war) advances money to carry
war on to protect the country: ought she not to be
repaid? And so here: whatever may be the obliga-
tions incurred, or money paid by the States in fur-
therance of internal improvements, which it was the
duty of this government to have established and
earned 011, they are entitled to reimbursement and
relief. This leads inevitably to the assumption of
the two hundred millions of State debts, incurred
for internal improvements by the States. The prin-
ciple of the bill assumes this responsibility, or it is
false. Nor, sir, let it be supposed, that, in taking
this position, I am dealing m meie speculation. 1
am dealing in facts. I am only doing what has al-
ready been done; and done on this iloor. At the
last Congress, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] who may be considered as the leader
of the northern federal party, in advocating the as-
sumption of the debts of the States, put it on this
very ground of internal improvement. And, if in
his premises, that it is the duty of this government
to carry on internal improvements, lie is correct, the
propriety and justice of his conclusion, that this
government should assume the debts of the States,
incurred for this purpose, is irresistible. I deny
both his premises and conclusion.
Another consequence, equally fatal, 'it is clear,
must also be met, if the arguments of gentlemen
will bear the test of experimental legislation. All
the revenues of the government must be applied to
the purposes of internal improvements. The zeal
this bill excites shows its real tendency. All other
objects will be comparatively insignificant in the es-
timation of legislators, when each has a local or
State appropriation, on which his seat and his popu-
larity depend. He will stint the army, the navy,
cut down the civil list, increase the taxes, sacrifice
everything to the grand object of getting a large ap-
propriation for his constituents; and, if the money
is not in the treasury, he will borrow it, and heap up
debt without stint or care. Is not this the notorious
experience of this system in the States, bringing in
its train disgia^e and repudiation? And if this has
been the case within the States, where there lias
been the check of an immediate responsibility and
direct taxes to encounter, what will it be when all
immediate responsibility is lost in the general and
distant representation of the Union, and the unseen
system of indirect taxation will be the instrument of
supply? The people will be taught that all they re-
ceive from the. general treasury of the Union will be
clear gain; and a fierce and universal scramble for
the treasury of the general government will govern
its legislation. Extravagance and profligacy will be
accounted patriotism, whilst the last dollar is wrung
through the customs.
I believe, sir, that our friends from the West are
very good revenue-tariff men. They deny the right
or policy of the protective system; but if they would
only look behind them, and mailt their retainers,
they might form some conception of the true nature
of theii policy. All the protective-tariff men now
in the House, support the appropriations asked for
in this bill. Why? They get nothing immediately
by its provisions; but they see that they get every-
thing by its principles and policy. To sustain the
system of appropriations it proposes, the duties
must be put upon everything to the very highest
point of exaction. There will then be no quarrel
about a revenue or a protective tariff—none about
economy in expenditures. The wants of the pres-
ent will be blind to future exclusions; and the high-
est revenue from the customs, for the immediate ex-
igency, will give protection, and protection forever,
so far as duties on importations are concerned, to
the manufacturers of the country. In the eager pur-
suit of income to support the appropriations, the du-
ties will be pushed rapidly to prohibition- Sir, the
advocates of a protective system see clearly the ten-
dency of this policy, although its western advocates
seem blind to its consequences. They want nothing
more, and they need nothing more, to seal up our
ports from foreign commerce, and give them the
monopoly of the whole maiket of the Union. The
people will then be subjected to a two-fold system of
plunder—first through the treasury, and then through
the manufacturers.
Mr. Speaker, we are not loft to speculation, or
even the experience of the States, to know the na-
ture of this'system of legislation. As if not only
to confirm the past, but to warn against the future,
herein its weakness, on its first resurrection, it lifts
its foul head of corruption. What have we seen?
The bill before us was passed in Committee of the
Whole, and lepoitcu to the House. ^ Instead of act-
ing on it m the House, it is bid aside, and we are
brought to act on the eastern harbor and river bill.
Every one knows the reason for this course. The
fi lends of the western bill found, that unless the aid
(if the friends of the eastern bill was obtained, their
bill would not pass. Their northern allies prove,
too, to be very distrustful of promises; and require,
as a condition precedent to their support, that their
bill shall first pass. Accordingly, it is pushed on;
but to the astonishment of the gentleman fiom New
York, [Mr. Bai^kard,] suddenly asain lus western
allies get the start of him, and"their bill, by some
unexpected and unagreed on legislative legerdemain,
is thrust foremost. The House witnessed this morn-
ing his anxieties and alai ms. It is clear that he
trembles at. the idea of having his bill put upon its
merits, or even on the pledges of the western mem-
bers, for its passage. He prefers getting his consid-
eration first, before giving them his support; and so
do his western allies. . Each distrusts the other, tie-
cause there is no principle in their legislation, but a
plain matter of bartered support, strong enough to
carry th,e majority; and .thus the treasury is to be
robbed. Is not this apparent td every member on
the floor? Bpt it is nothing extraordinary. It isthe
necessary result of all such legislation. Objects of a
local character can , never, on their' own merits, ob-
tain a majority of Congress; and there must, there-
fore, be a resort to combination, by which other lo- '
cal objects become interested, by paiticipating in the
legislation, sufficiently numerous,to obtain the ma-
jority. Legislation "then becomes a mere matter of
traffic, and the. general merits of appropriations are
entirely put aside.' The plunderers gain—but what
is the position of the minority? There is no south-
ern harbor bill before the House. The South sim-
ply pays.
t$ir, the inevitable tendency of such legislation
must be to sink the government into hopeless cor-
ruption and imbecility. It* two great objects are
peace within, and defence abroad, against foreign
nations. If there is either sense or liberty'with the
people, it will banish peace from the confederacy,
and array the different sections of the Union against
each other. A furious war of conflicting interests
will rage more rancorous than conflicts with foreign
nations. And how will the government be able to
afford protection against foreign aggression? Weigh-
ed down with debt and taxation, distractcd and
weakened by contests, and' discontents, with all por-
tions of the Union, looking for their yearly stipends
from the treasury of the United States—who will
dare talk of war with a foreign foe? Members of
Congress will assemble, not to superintend the gen-
eral or foreign interests of the country, but to ob-
tain largesses, and win appropriations for their con-
stituents. And what will become of the constitu-
tion under such a government? Taxes, in the col-
lection and application, is the government. The
government which has them without limit, is unlim-
ited in its ]lowers: hence, ail the great battles for
liberty, which js only a name for limitations in gov-
ernment, have been oil the raising or application of
taxes. Take from the States the power of taxa-
tion, and who_doubts that there would be an end of
their existence? Make any government omnipotent
in raising and applying taxes, and it is omnipotent
in reality—it is consolidated in its powers. And
what is a consolidated government here, but a des-
potism3 What are the combinations by which local
and sectional appropriations arc obtained, but a most
corrupt and flagitious despotism? The rule of one
man will be nothing, in its oppressions, to such a
system. One man may be gorged, or may be kill-
ed. But who shall satiate the rapacity of appropri-
ating sections, ruling the other portions - of the
Union by their irresponsible power? If they can
keep the rule, they will be masters; and the ruled
and plundered will be slaves. But it is clear that,
in such a game, a minority will not be content to re-
main forever oppressed. They, too, can combine,
and, in their turn, wield the power of the govern-
ment against those who have consolidated it for
their aggrandizement. The government will then
become a mighty engine of oppression, alternately
grinding the different sections of the Union, and
crushing all by Us injustice and tyranny. If sub-
mitted to, all will be political slaves. But can such
a government exist among the free people of this
confederacy? Will they not rise up, and wjth one
consent, raze it to the earth? I say nothing of my
own State, but will New Hampshire, with her stern
democracy, submit to such a despotism? Will New
York, with her two millions of people, a mighty na-
tion withm herself, consent to lose her State individ-
uality, and be merged m a government so limitless
and so base? What says the Old Dominion:1 Will
the democratic party be instrumental in producing
so dark a catastrophe as the downfall of our federa-
tive government? When the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Barnard] expressed his willingness, a
few weeks since, to borrow fifteen millions of dol-
lars to carry on works of internal improvement by
this government, although weighed down with thir-
ty millions of debt, and a revenue insufficient to
meet, its expenses, 1 said nothing. The proposition
was in character with bis principles. To strength-
en the government against the people, because they
have more confidence m government than the peo-
ple, has ever been the policy of the federal party;
and the more debt, and the higher the taxes, the
more powerful government is made. Thecieatioh
of debt and taxes is, therefore, his vocation; and
the more, the better for his principles. But the pol-
