778.
APPENDtX tO TliE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Bargain and intrigue—Mr. Boyd.
H. of Reps.
western country. That it was said I had made a proposi-
tion at Ghent to grant to the British the. right to navigate
the Mississippi, in return for the Newfoundland fisheries,
and that this was represented as, at least, a high misde-
me&ttQ*." "He said, the proposal was to be represented (as
aaofifence) so that it was charged exclusively upon me; and
that I should hear more about it ere long."
In January, 1822, the documents relative to the
Ghent negotiation were called for, and in' February"
laid before the House of Representatives. Mr. Ad-
ams says, that while these documents were lying
on the table, "the correspondence from Washing-
ton, and the newspapers indoctrinated by it, had not
been equally inactive. Through these channels,
the public was assured that the proposal of offering
the navigation of the Mississippi for the fisheries
had been made by me; that Mr. Clay had uniform-
ly declared that he would not sign the treaty with
such an article in it; and that the proposal had been
finally set aside by Mr. Bayard's having changed
sides, and come over to the opinion of the minority."
' In April, 1892, through some mysterious influ-
ence never yet explained, Mr. Russell's private let-
ter, written in 1815, was called for by the House of
Representatives; but it was said to have been lost or
mislaid. Mr. Russell, however, furnished a dupli-
cate, and in June the call was renewed. On that
occasion, Mr. B. Hardin, a member of the House
from Kentucky, is reported to have said, that this
etter "would show the western people, in what man-
ner their interests were disregarded or sacrificed;
that the commissioners [at Ghent] offered to give up
the navigation of the Mississippi to secure the fish-
eries of the East."
Mr. Russell's original letter was now found, and
with the duplicate was submitted to Mr. Adams,
who detected"many differences between them, which
he exposed in a severe commentary. The two pa-
pers and the commentary were all sent to the House,
and the effect was to discredit Mr. Russell alto-
gether. Mr. Adams followed up the advantage
which he had obtained by Mr. Russell's alterations
of his letter, repeatedly insinuating as well in his
commentary as in subsequent publications, that he
considered Mr. Clay at the bottom of the whole
scheme. A single extract from his book on the
Fisheries and the Mississippi, page 254, will be suf-
ficient to prove this point, viz:
"The perusal of Mr. Russell's duplicate, disclosed to mo
the mystery of ruin which had been brewing against mc,
from the very day after the signature of the treaty of Ghent.
It was by representations like those of that letter, that the
minds oi my fellow-citr/ens in the West had for a succession
of years been abused and ulcerated agamst me. That let-
ter, indeed, inculpated the whole majority of the mission
of Ghent; but subsidiary slander h^dperiormed its part oi
pointing all the the guilt and fastening all the responsibility
of the crime upon me."
So direct were Mr. Adams's allusions to Mr. Clay
as the author of a dishonorable intrigue to destroy
him, that the latter was obliged to come before the
public. Mr. Adams's book reviewing the contro-
versy, was published about the 1st October, 1822,
In December, of that year, the following letter ap-
peared in the National Intelligencer,*^viz:
"Lexington, I6lh November, IS22.
"Gentlemen: 1 have witnessed, with very gxeat regret,
the unhappy controversy which has arisen between two oi
my late colleagues at Ghent. In the course ol the sevejal
publications oi which it has been the occasion, and partic-
ularly in the appendix to a pamphlet, which has been re-
cently published by the honorable John Quincy Adams, 1
think there are some errors, (no doubt unintentional,) both
as to matters of fact and matters of opinion, in regard to
the transactions at Ghent, relating to the navigation of the
Mississippi, and ceitain liberties claimed by the United
States in the fisheries, and to the part which I bore m those
transactions. These important interests are now well us-
cured, and, as it respects that of the navigation ol the Mis-
sissippi, left, as it ought to be, on the same firm footing
with the navigation of ail other rivers of the confederacy.
The hope may be confidently cherished, that it never will
hereafter be deemed a fit subject of negotiation with any
foreign power An account, therefore, of what occurred
in the negotiations at Ghent, on these two subjects, is not
perhaps necessary to the present or future security oi any
of th® rights of the nation, and is only interesting as apper-
taining to its past history. With these impressions, and
being extremely unwilling to present myseli at any time
before the public, 1 had almost resolved to remain silent,
and thus expose myself to the inference of an acquiescence
in the correctness of all the statements made by both m\
colleagues; but I have, on more reflection, thought that it
may be expected of me, and be considered as a duty on my
. part, to contribute all in my power towards a fuii and faith-
ful understanding of the transactions referred to. Under
this conviction, I will, at some time more propitious than
the present, to calm and dispassionate consideration, and
when there can be no misinterpretation of motives, lay be-
fore the public a narrative of those transactions as I under-
stood them. I will not, at this time, be even provoked \it
would at any time be inexpressibly painful to me to find
it iiecessary)"to enter the field of disputation with either of
my late colleagues.
that part of the official correspondence at Ghent,
&ad not been communicated to the public by the
President of the United States, prior to the last session of
Congress, 1 certainly knew of no public consideiations re-
quiring it to be withheld from general inspection. But I
had no knowledge of the intention of the honorable Mr.
Floyd to call for it, nor of the call itself, through the House
of Representatives, until I «>aw it announced m the public
prints. Nor had 1 any knowledge of the subsequent call
which was made for the lettei ol the honorable Air Rus-
sell, or the intention to make it, until I derived it from the
same channel.
"I will thank you to publish this note in the National In-
telligencer, and to accept assurances of the high re&pect of
your obedient servant,
"H. CLAY."
The next day the following reply appeared in the
same paper:
To'he editor of the National Intelligencer:
"Gentlemen: In your paper of yesterday I have observ-
ed a note from Mr. Henry Clay, which requires some notice
from me.
"After expressing the regret of the writer at the unhappy
controversy which has arisen between two of his late col-
leagues at Ghent, it proceds to say, that, in the course of the
several publications of which it has been the occasion, and
particularly m the appendix to the pamphlet recently pub-
lished by me,'he thinks there are some errors, (no doubt
unintentional,) both as to matter of fact and matters of opin-
ion, in regard to the transactions at Ghent relating to the
navigation of the Mississippi, and certain libeities claimed
by the United States in the fisheries, and to the part which
he bore in those transactions.'
"Concurring with Mr. Clay in the regret that the contro-
versy should ever have arisen, I have only to find consola-
tion in the reflection, that, from the seed time of 1814 to the
harvest of 183*2, the contest was never of my seeking, and
that since 1 have been drawn into it, whatever I have said,
written, or done in it, has been in the face of day, and un-
der the responsibility of my name.
"Had Mr. Clay thought it advisable now to specify any
error of fact or of imputed opinion which he thinks con-
tained in the appendix to my pamphlet, or in any other part
of my share in the publication, it would have given me
great pleasure to rectify, by candid acknowledgment, any
such error, of which, b5 the light that he would have shed
on the subject, I should have been rominced .U whatever
peuod hereafter he shall deem the accepte-l time ha,-, come,
to publish his promised nariathe, I shall, if yet living, t e
ready, with equal cheerfulness, to acknowledge indicated
error, and to vindicate contested truth
"But as, by the adjournment of that publication to a
period %r ore propitious than the picstnf to calm and dis-
passionate consideration, and when there can be no misin-
terpretation of motives,' it may chance to be postponed un-
til both of us shall have been summoned to account for all
our errors before a higher tribunal than that of ourcountry,
1 feel myself now called upon to say. that, let the appropri-
ate dispositions, when and how they will, expose the open
day an.l secret night of the transactions at Ghent the state-
ments both of fact and opinion in the papers which I have
written and published, in relation to this controversy, will,
in everv particular, essential or important to the interests
of the nation, or to the character of Mr. Clay, be found to
abide unshaken, the test of huzian scrutiny, of talents, and
of time.
"JOHN QUINCY ADAMS.
"Washington, December 13,18-22 ''
Mr. Adams here evidently considered Mr. Clay
an actor in this attack upon him, "from the seed
time of 1814 to the harvest of 1822;" and he seems
to have been inspired with a prophetic spirit as to
Mr. Clay's exposition. It is likely to be postponed
not only until those gentlemen, but all of us, shall
be summoned before that higher tribunal. "VY hether
his opinion of Mr, Clay's conduct, was or ill-founed,
may be inferred from the following circumstances:
In the summer of 1822, a somewhat elaborate at-
tack on Mr. Adams was prepared by the editor of
the Kentucky Argus, after, as he stated to the public
m 1828, a consultation with Mr. Clay at his house
in Frankfort. The manuscript was sent to Mr.
Clay at Lexington, and by him transmitted to Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, where it was published late in the
the summer, or early in the fall, in a newspaper
called "Liberty Hall and Cincinnati Gazette," over
the signatore of "Wayne.11
Mr. White desired to know who the writer of
"Wayne" was?
Mr. Boyd said he had always understood him to
be Mr. Amos Kendall.
Mr. White. Certainly.
The numbers of "Wayne" were written with the
obvious purpose of promoting Mr. Clay's views
upon the presidency, particularly m the State of
Ohio. How they speak of Mr. Adams, then con-
sidered his only dangerous rival m that State, a few
extracts will show. In the third number are the fol-
owing passages, viz:
"Ohio presents no candidate for the presidency at the
approaching election.'"
* * •* =*■ -C *
"At the head of those whose pretensions are entitled to
our serious consideration, is John Quincy Adotrs, the pres-
ent Secretary of State. Will Ohio choose him 1'
* # * # * *
"Instead of opening new avenues for our commerce, Is it
not to be feared that, in some future treaty, to secure some
paltry privilege to an eastern interest, he would lender those
which alredy exist, a curse, rather than a ble^ing? Oar
trontiei-s can testify> that we want not those men at the
helm of the nation, who would, for any consideration, open
new channels for British influence among our northern and
w estern Indians. The horrors of past wars are not forgot-
ten; and you will pause and count the value of many a
brave man's life, betore you raise to power one whose un-
feeling policy would crimson your fjesh fields with the
blood of j our border brethren, and light the midnight forest
with the flames of their dwellings. A.en who would think of
concessions so disastrous, are unworthy the support of Ohio;
much more so are those who reduce thero to a serious prop-
osition. The navigation of the Mississippi is too important
to be bartered for the privilege of fishing in, British waters.
It is giving onr wives and children for fish, and bartering
the biood of our citizens for money. Conceal, explain, and
sophisticate as he will, this was the tendency of the propo-
sition which „\vas agitated at Ghent. But was this surpris-
ing? Under the same auspices, one of the most fertile and
extensive provinces ofthe West, adequate to the formation
of two States, was given to the Spaniards; the State of Lou-
isiana, one ofthe most important and weakest points in tlie
Union, was made a frontier, and exposed to sudden invasion
from the adjoining empire. Is it a matter of deepest con-
cern witfcfus to exterminate the British influence among the
northern and western Indians? The blood of slaughtered
friends cries aloud to us from the ground, 'It is.' The pol-
icy of Mr. Adams introduces- the British trader to their
wigwam, by opening to him, under the guardianship of a
treaty, the navigation ofthe Mississippi fchst.ll we sanction
this by sustaining "him7 Is it a matter of the l?st moment
to us to protect our own navigation of the Ohio and Missis-
sippi? Of what value is the Ohio and Mississippi to  ss if
Louisiana be occupied by an enemy? Yet, Mr. Adams is
of the administration which, in the traffic of territory, has
made Louisiana .a frontier. With such principles, John
Quincy Adams can never receive the support of Ohio. lie *
is too ignorant of our interests, or he disregards them'5
"Wayne,r No. 4, contains the following passage,
viz:
"The importance of having a western man in the nation-
al councils, as well as in all those situations where the in-
terests ot this section of the Union are brought in question,
was never so strongly exemplified as-in the transactions
attending the treaty of Ghent It was -proposed to open
the .Mississippi, through its whole extent, to the navigation
of British subjects, thus giving them the most direct access
to those numerous and warlike tribes of Indians which bor-
der on our northern and western frontier. rj hat any .Amei-
ican statesman should, for a moment, have entf-rt-iined so
fatal a project, is as strange as the fact is alarming. To the
presence of an able western man may we attribute the de-
teat and abandonment of that atror.ious proposal But for
the exertions of Henry flay, the seeds of war might now
have been cow ing along our northern and \\ estein tjorders,
which, at no distant dpy, would have produced an abun-
dant harvest of tears and blood. He found that a majority
had resolved to make the fatal proposition. With a firm-
ness which should endear him to the people ofthe West, he
protested that he would sign no treaty which contained a
stipulation so repugnant to his country's honor, and so dan-
gerous to her peace. This firmness had the desired effect.
The illustrious and lamented Bayard changed his mind, and
then the West was saved. The danger thus escaped
should sink deep into our hearts, and teach us a lesson as
asting as our lives.'1
That these numbers went through the hands of
Mr. Clay before they were published, is proved by
his own letter to the author, which appears among
the developments of 1858, dated Lexington, 23d
June, 1822. In that letter he says*.
S\r* 1 received your obliging favor ofthe *20th in-
stant, and thank aou most sincerely lot the friendly senti-
ments towards me which it contains. Mr. T. Crittenden has
retvned the production which accompanied it, and which
he has undertaken to divide and to dispose ofin his place of
residence (Cincinnati) according to our wishes.1'
It was, therefore, Mr. Clay himself more than
any other man, who caused these heavy charges
against Mr. Adams to be brought before the public.
He, more than any other man, knew whether they
were just or not, having been the "able western
man" who, at Ghent, was alleged to have saved
the West from these dire calamities. Did he not
believe the charges? I will not stop to inquire
whether he did or did not. Others were induced to
believe them through his agency, and. this was what
Mr. Adams railed "subsidiary slander,1' which
"had performed us part of pointing all the guilt and
fastening all the responsibility upon"1' him.
<vWayne*> was published some, time before Mr.
Clay's letter appeared in the National InUlHgencer,
in which he expressed so much regret at the con-
troversy which had arisen between two of his col-
leagues about this affair at Ghent, and declared he
would not "be even provoked" at that time "to en-
ter the field of disputation" with either of them.
But he did not, after those publications, cease pri-
vately to encourage and extend the attacks on Mr.
Adams, growing out of that negotiation, and by Mr.
RusselPs letter brought before the public. In conse-
quence of information received from Mr. Clay as
stated by the author of "Wayne," he wrote a series
of letters addressed to Mr. Adams, reviewing his
publications in reference to Mr. Russell and Mr
Clay, which were published in the Frankfort Argus
in 1823- The spirit of these letters will be shown
by a few extracts. In the second letter are the fol-
lowing passages, viz:
