T80
APPENDIX TO CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April, 1844.
28th Cong 1st Sess.
Bargain and intrigue—Mr. Boyd.
H. of Reps.
tween the opposing and conflicting interests, and secure to
the country a republican administration,"
"Under ail the views taken, it is determined to recommend
to his friends to adhere'to him steadily, and to await the is-
sue now depending before the people."
The authorship of this address was ascribed to
Mr. Clay himself. That it spoke his sentiments
cannot be doubted, when it is recollected that he
was tfien in Washington, where it was issued, pre-
siding over the House of Representatives as Speak-
er, A design, "by concentration, to control the event" >
in the contingency of his not being returned to the
House of Representatives, is here avowed as the
policy ofMr. Clay's friends.
On the 15th of July following, the friends of Mr.
Clay in Ohio issued an address to prevent defection
from his support, in consequence of the growing
strength of Gen. Jackson, extracts .from which 1
have already submitted.
In September, the Clay committee in Kentucky
issued an address, expressing the opinion that there
could be no election by the electors; that the election
must devolve on the House of Representatives; and
that no single candidate could, in that body, out-
number the vote of Mr. Clay. They then make the
following declaration, viz:
"In fine, Mr.Clay consider* himself wholly in the hands
of the people;and we, as his friends and supporters,- believ-
ing Mm worthy of our continued exertions, and that his
prospects of success are still unclouded and brightening,
arow our determination, and w e believe we speak the lan-
guage of all his friends, to abide by our preference to the
last. If he should be returned to the House of Representa-
tives, we have little doubt of his final election, with the ap-
probation and applause of rhe majority of the nation, but if
any untoward circumstance should prevent his being one of
the three highest, his friends in Congress, by throwing
their weight into the scale of the most republican and na-
tional candidate, will have it in their power to defeat the
ends of political management, and see that the republic sus-
tains no injury."
The course indicted in the Washington, Ohio,
and Kentucky addresses of 1824, was followed up
by Mr. Clay in person. In October he met several
of the Kentucky members of Congress in Frankfort.
One of them (the Hon. T. P. Moore) made the fol-
lowing statement in a letter to Gen. John P. Van
Ness, datedMarch 4,1828, viz:
"in that month, Mr. Clay, Mr. Trimble, Mr. C.A. Wick-
liffe, myself, and perhaps other members of the Kentucky
delegation, casually met at Frankfort during the session of
the, court of appeals. There Mr. Clay-, for-tlie first time, ex-
pressed to me an. apprehension that he should be excluded
from the House of Representatives; and observed, with
seeming carelessness of manner, that it would be best for
us, in thatcase, to remain uncommitted as to our second
choice."
Another of them, the Hon. C. A. Wickliffe, now
Postmaster General, in a letter to General Van Ness,
dated March 14, 1828, made the following state-
ment, viz:
"We entered pretty much at large upon the subject. My
inquiries were more particularly directed to his prospects
of getting a portion of the votes of the State of New ork,
having formed the opinion that unless Mr. Clay jcould re-
ceive a portion of the votes of that State, he would not be
returned as one of the three highest candidates. Mr Clay
replied that his friends in that State had it in contemplation,
ifit were practicable, to unite with the friends of Mr. Craw-
ford, and divide the votes between himself and Mr. Craw-
ford. Of the success of this project he spoke doubtfully,
and remarked that he did not place much reliance upon the
result. In the event it should fail, it is more than probable,
said he, I may be excluded from the House of Representa-
tives. To meet such a contingency my friends must be pre-
pared; and I think it best that they should not hastily com-
mit themselves in their second choice."
The legislature of Kentucky met on the 1st No-
vember, 1824, bearing with them the almost unan-
imous feeling of the people in favor of General
Jackson as their second choice, in the event that
Mr. Clay could not be elected. It was apprehended
that the legislature might interfere, if-Mr. Clay
should be excluded from the House, and instruct
their delegation in Congress to vote for General
Jackson. That result Mr. Clay himself personally
interposed to prevent. In February, 1828, the fol-
lowing declaration was made in the Senate of Ken-
tucky by a gentleman who has ever stood high in
public estimation, viz:
"Thomas D. Carneal, a senator, at the request of Mr.
Pope, stated that he had a conversation with Mr. Clay at his
room, a few days before he started for Washington City, in
the fall of 1824. 1VI r. Clay said he did not like to .be Instruct-
ed by the legislature as to his vote, should he not be re-
turned to the Hoase as one of the three highest, which he
thought doubtful, but wished to be left entirely free. Mr.
Carneal told him he had intended to introduce resolutions
of instruction into the Senate himself, requesting the Ken-
tucky delegation to vote for General Jackson, but prom-
ised, on account of the objection of Mr. Ol/.y, not to do it, al-
though he said he mustote for them, should they be intro-
duced by others. Mr. Clay said, in case he were excluded
from the House, he was wholly-uncommitted as to his vote,
 Oii wished to be left free." '
Mr. Clay himself published a letter/ to him from
Colonel James Davidson, another member of the
Senate in 1824, in which Davidson said that, in con-
sequence of information from Mr. Clay himself, he
told the Senate, while subsequently discussing the
resolutions of instruction, that uali the resolutions tee
could pass during the whole session, would not induce
you (Mr. Clay) to abandon what you conceited to be
your duty, and that I knew ymi could not concur with
a majority of the legislature on that subject." This in-
formation Colonel Davidson stated he had communi-
cated to others, among whom were some members
of the legislature, who afterwards opposed the reso-
lutions.
Such were Mr. Clay's arrangements "to control
the event," when the result of the election in 1824
was announced. Of the electors then chosen, there
.were—
For General Jackson - - 99
" Mr. Adams - - - 84
" Mr. Crawford - - - 41
" Mr. Clay - - - - 37
As the constitution confines the choice of Presi-
dent by the House of Representatives to the three
highest candidates, Mr. Clay was excluded from the
competition.
Of the popular votes given in the eight western
States—Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Alabama, and Mississippi—General
Jackson received 68,067, Mr. Clay 43,867, Mr.
Adams 21,555, and Mr. Crawford 2,330; by which
it appears that General Jackson received m those
States 46,512 votes more than Mr. Adams, 24,201
more than Mr. Clay, and 315 more than Adams,
Clay, and Crawford, all combined.
In the whole Union the popular votes were—
For General Jackson - 152,951
" Mr. Adams - - - 105,322
" Mr. Crawford - - 47,305
" Mr. Clay - 46,668
It hence appears that General Jackson had a ma-
jority of 961 over Messrs. Adams and Clay com-
bined.
Mr. White inquired of the gentleman what au-
thority he was reading from?
Mr. Boyd said, I am reading from the United
States Telegraph of 1828, and quoting from the ad-
dress of the Jackson committee, and other docu-
ments therein recorded. No man shall grope in the
dark after me. r
How was the popular vote in Kentucky at the
electoral election of 1824? For Mr. Clay 17,331;
for Gen. Jackson 6,455. How many votes did Mr.
Adams receive m that State? AoZ one. I thought
the other day, that Mr. Adams might have received
a few hundred votes in the State; but on recurrence
to the National Intelligencer, as well as the Tele-
graph, giving the returns, I do not find one put down
in his favor.
"To control the event" was now all Mr. Clay
could do, and that policy he seems to have steadily
pursued. The effort to prevent the Kentucky mem-
bers from committing themselves as to their second
choice, commenced by Mr.Clay at Frankfort in Octo-
ber, wan continued in Washington after his arrival
here. Major Moore, in his letter already quoted
from, makes the following statement, viz:
"After my arrival in the city, I was confined to my room
by indisposition. "While in this situation, >!r. Clay called,
an<l after the usual civilities, tohl me, in emphatic terms,
that he had little doubt he was excluded from the House of
Representatives, and that all 'we'(meaning the Kentucky
delegation in Congress) 'had now to do, was to hold our-
selves uncommitted, as to our second choice," declaring
""feat we could vote for either three candidates, and
justify ourselves to our con8titri|^.Q.f
Major Moore says that the Hon. R P. Henry,
in 1824, one of Uhe Kentucky members, but de-
ceased prior to lg28, "detailed a similar conversa-
tion which had taken place between himself and
Mr. Clay."
KENTUCKY INSTRUCTIONS.
In the month of December considerable sensation
was produced in Kentucky by rumors from Wash-
ington, that the vote of the State might be given to
Mr. Adams, with some view of Mr. Clay's aggran-
dizement. In this state of things, Mr. Henry Crit-
ten,den offered in the Kentucky House of Repre-
sentative two resolutions, requesting our members
of Congress to vote for Gen. Jackson, and declaring
him to be the second choice of that State. A brief
sketch of the debate on these resolutions, on the
31st day of December, 1824, which was published-
at the time, ciearly shows under what impresstoa
the subject was dissussed. ;; - -
Mr. George Robertson (whom Col. Davidson had
told, on the authority of Mr. Clay himself, that he
would not regard any such instructions) moved to
lay them on the table. Among the reasons given
to him were, "that it would be indelicate to Mr.
Clay; that it would lessen the weight of Kentucky
in the next administration: that it was better to
leaye our members of Congress to act according to
contingencies; that the weight and importance of the
State, and the western country, could, in that man-
ner, be best secured." "That the resolutions would
not only degrade our respected fellow-citizen, (evi-
dently meaning Mr. .Clay,) but throw Kentucky
upon the electioneering arena in Congress complete-
ly handcuffed," &c.
'Mr. Shepherd had always been in favor of Gen Jackson
Some of the friend? of Mr Clay, he had no doubt, wished to
defeat the resolution, and leave that gentleman to make thie
best bargain he could. But he did not wislithe vote of Ken-
tucky to be bartered away; or that Clay should be Secreta*
ry of State, to the exclusion of Jackson as President"
".Mr. B. Hardin said he Sinew that many of our members
of Congress w ere inclined to vote for Mr. Adams, and he
believed he would get the vote of Kentucky, unless this
House acted. He recapitulated the strength of Adams and
Jackson, and believed the result of the presidential election
depended on the vote of Kentucky, and probably on the vote
of this House on this day."
The resolutions were adopted by an ovewhelming
majority in the following form, viz:
Whereas it appears from the result of the elections in
the several State®, and the formation of the electoral col<
lege? for choosing a President of the United State?, that no
person will receive a majority of the electoral votes, and
that Henry Clay, who was the first choice of the people of
Kentucky, has not received a sufficient number of votes to
bring" him before the House of Representative? as one ofthe
three highest fiorn u horn the choice of the President of the
United States is to be made—therefore,
"Resolved, <$-c> That the members of the House of Repre-
sentatives in the Congress ofthe United States, from this
State, be requested to vote for General Andrew Jackson as
President ofthe United States.
"Resolved, as ihis opinion of this legislature, That General
Andrew Jackson is the second choice ol the State of Ken-
tucky for the next President of the United States; that a
very large majority of the people©!" this State prefer Gene-
ral Jackson to Mr. Adams or Mr. Crawford; and that the
members ofthe House of Representatives, in the Congress
ofthe United States, will, by complying with the request
herein signified, faithfully and truly represent the feelings
and wishes ofthe good people of Kentucky."
MR. CLAY AND GENERAL JACKSON.
While Mr. Clay and Mr. Adams stood before
the public at open defiance- with each other, we have
evidence that the former was on friendly if not in-
timate terms with General Jackson. The following
statements sjrere made on oath before the Senate of
Kentucky, viz:
''Oliver Keene. stated that, in the fall of 1824. eight or ten
days before Mr. Clay started for Washington city, ne asked
Mr. Clay, in conversation, whether he had written: to
General Jackson to come to his house and go on to Wash-
ington wifli him'7 Mr. Clay said he had.
''Francis McAlear stated that, on the morning Mr.Clay
started for "Washington, in the fall of 1824, in the presence.
of several gentlemen he heard Mr. Clay say he had written
to Gen. Jackson to come through Lexington and go on to
Washington with him, but had received no answer, and had
given him out."
Gen. R. K. Call, in a letter to General Yan Ness,
dated February 4, 1828, gives an account of the first
meeting tif Mr. Clay and General Jackson after the
electoral election in 1824, in the following,words,
viz:
"As General Jackson, Major Eaton, and myself, were re-
turning from the Capitol, after passing through the rotundo,
we were overtaken by Mr. Clay, who approached General
Jackson with his usual pleasing uddress, and with the fol-
lowing familiar and friendly language: 'General Jackson, I
have a.<jHurrel with you: why did you not let me know you
were coming by Lexington? 1 certainly should have wait-
ed for your arrival.' And, to tbfe best of my recollection, h<*
added, 'We should have travelled together.' "
In addition to this testimony, we have the admis-
sion of Mr. Clay himself, that friendly relations had,
been re-established between him and General Jack-
son prior to the election of 1824. In one of his ad-
dresses to the public, in vindication of his vote for
;Mr. Adams, he speaks as follows, viz."
"Such was the state of our relations at the commence-
ment of the session of Congress in 1823, the interval^ hav-
ing passed without my seeing him! Soon after his ar-
rival here to attend that session, I collected from certain
indications that he had resolved upoii a general amnesty,
the benefit of which was to be extended to me He -became
suddeniv reconciled with some individuals between whojn
and himself these had been a long existing enmity. The
greater part of the Tennessee delegation, (all I believe, ex-
cept Mr, Eaton and General Cocke.) called on me together
early in the session, forthe express purpose, as J under-
stood. of producing a reconcilation between us " * * * -
" "I stated that the opinions 1 liad expressed in the House oi
Representatives in regard to General Jackson's military
transactions, had been, sincerely entertained, and were stilt
held'; but that, being, opinions in respect to public ac.ts>-
they never had been supposed by me to form any just oc$a*
