782
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
April; 1844
28th Cokg 1st Sess.
Bargain and intrigue—Mr. Boyd.
H. of Reps.
Mr. White made some remark dissenting from
this opinion.
MR. CLAY'S CONFESSION—HIS OWN AGENCY
IN CONTROLLING THE EVENT.
Among the Kentucky members of Congress who
voted for Mr. Adams, was the Hon. David White,
who represented the Frankfort district. Mr. White,
as well as a vast majority of his constituents, was
in favor of Gen. Jackson against Mr. Adams. From
many leading men among his constituents he re-
ceived letters shortly before the election, informing
him, in substance, that they would be better satis-
fied with Mr. Adams President, and Mr. Clay Sec-
retary of State, in view of his further advancement,
than with Gen. Jackson President, without any
provision for Mr. Clay. As specimens of these
letters, 1 submit a couple of extracts, which were
published in 1828.
Extract of a letter from the Hon. J. J. Crittenden, now of the
United States Senate, to the Hon. David White, dated Frank-
fott, Jan. 19, 1825.
"Thinking as I do of Mr. Clay—of his great integrity, his
lofty Ameiican sprit, and his consummate ability—f believe
it to be highly important to the public interest that he
should occupy a distinguished station in the executive de-
partment. Under allpresent circumstances, my first wish
in regard to this subject (and it is one dictated both by my
personal partialities and considerations of the public good)
would be, that Jackson should be the President, and Clay
his Secretary of-State 5 and I really do believe that th* com-
mon good is more concerned in Clay's being Secretary, than
it is m the question whether Jackson or Adams should be
the President.''
Extract of a letter from F. P. Blair, esq., to the Hon. David
White, dated Frankfort, Januai'y, 19, 1825.
Mr. Blair, after commenting on the resolutions
of the legislature, says:
"But notwithstanding the adverse circumstance that Mr.
Clay was identified with the minority, which, with the
judge-breakers, (of whom I can speak freely, being one my-
self,) was considered in the fervor of roused feeling as almost
being an enemy; yet, if it had been certain that his future
prospects for the presidency \\ ould be materially aftected
by it, I do not believe that the vote on the resolutions
•would have passed. Orifithad been thought that Adams
would be elected, and if elected would give Mr. Clay the
highest place in his cabinet, there is scarcely a doubt but
that the vote would have been in favor of Adams. But
the vote was taken under very different suppositions
"For my own part, I have no hesitation in saying that, al-
though Jackson is personally preferred to Adams by the
people, (an inclination I feel in common with them,) yet if
i: were known that Jackson would give such direction to
tiie course of his administration, by his appointments or
otherwise, as to foster Adams's future views in preference
to Clay's, there would be but one sentiment among the sup-
porters of the latter in Kentucky. They would consider it
a desertion of the true western interests, which they feel
vitally connected with the great principles advocated by
3V1 r. Clay, and which they conceive in a great measure de-
pend for their consummation upon the success of his future
exertions. If, therefore, it should be perceived that the ten-
dency of General Jackson's measures, as President, would
be to supplant Mr Clay, "by promoting the views of Adams,
then I have no doubt that the-voice of all those who are in
favor of Mr Clay would be, 'If we are doomed to have Mr.
Adams as President at some time, let us have him now. If
he ha<5 General Jackson's preference, let the General him-
self make way for him. We would rather have him now, at
the expense of Jackson, than hereafter, at the expense of
Clay, but if Jackson gives earnest that he will throw his
w ei'ght into the western scale, then let us throw our weight
into his 5 Th]«, T believe would be the decision of three-
fourths of the people of Kentucky."'
By these, and many other letters of similar im-
port, Mr. "White was induced to vote for Mr. Ad-
ams, believing that he was complying with the
wishes of his constituents. In a letter to the editor
of the Argus, dated June 27th, 1828, Mr. White
himself uses the following language, viz:
"These letters, with many others of a like import, and on
the same subject, were received by me between the last of
January and the 5th of February, 1825. My correspondents
were numerous; and from the coincidence of their view s
and sentiments, I had reason to believe that it would be
most agreeable to mj constituents, and strictly consistent
with the wishes ol a majority ofthem, to adopt the course
which I did finally pursue. That such communications,
voluntarily made from highly respectable and intelligent
gentlemen, differing on local politics, and leaders of parties
at that time, on a subject of such deep interest and pressing
emergency as that of the election of a chief magistrate,
should have a powerful influence on my mind, is perfectly
natural That I was confirmed m my vote by their sugges-
tions, I do freely acknowledge; and, theiefore. as 1 have of-
ten heietofore frankly avowed, I now state that J \otcd for
Mr. /.dams with a view to promote Mr. Clay's future pros-
pects for the presidency."
How these letters came to be written was a sub-
ject of inquiry and investigation in Kentucky during
the presidential canvass of 1828.
Mr. Amos Kendall, then editor of the "Western
Argus, stated in his paper, and on oath before the
Senate of Kentucky, that, as an inducement to him
to write to Mr. White, he was informed by Mr. P.
P. Blair, three or four weeks before the presidential
election, that if Mr. Adams were elected he would
make Mr. Clay Secretary of State.
"J. Dudley, esq., a senator from Franklin and Owen coun-
ties, being called upon, made the following statement on
the floor of the Senate: One day on January, 1825, F. P.
Blair came into the Senate chamber, seated himself near me,
and inquired my opinion on the resolutions passed, request-
ing our members of Congress to vote for General Jackson
as President of the United States. Mr. B. desired that I
would write letters, requesting the members, and particu-
larly D. White, from this district, to consult with Mr. Clay,
and vote sis he might desire To this I objected, and gave
my reasons therefor. Mr. B. appeared surprised1 that I
should raise any objections, particularly as I wes opposed
to the resolutions. He said that & number of members of
both Houses who voted forthe resolutions, had written such
letters, and that I could do it . with more propriety. He
said, if Mr. White could be induced to vote for Mr. Adams,
he would obtain the vote of Kentucky, and with it the votes
of the most of the western States, which would electhfm;
in which case Mr. Clay would obtain the appointment of
Secretary of State. I then inquired how that fact had been
ascertained. His answer was, that letters had been receiv-
ed from gentlemen of undoubted veracity, at Washington
city, containing such information, and I might rely with
confidence on that statement."
Mr. Blair, when called on by the Senate of Ken-
tucky, as a witness, to state how he got the infor-
mation which he had communicated to Messrs. Ken-
dall and Dudley, refused to be sworn or to testify;
but concluded an explanation he made to the Senate
in the following manner, viz:
"He had not communicated to any one the grounds on
which he had made his statement to Mr Kendal], nor had he
shown the letters to [which the gentleman alluded to any
person to whom they were not addressed."
Mr. Crittenden had publicly denied that he had
received letters from Washington, of the character
in question, and upon Mr. Blair the public attention
was fixed as the channel through which the informa-
tion had came from Mr. Clay, or some one else at
Washington. Mr. Clay was called upon to
remove the injunction of secrecy, and let his letters
to Mr. Blair come before the public. Feeling the
injurious inferences every where drawn from the posi-
tion m which Mr. Clay had been placed by the inves-
tigation into which his friends in the Senate of Ken-
tucky, had been induced to enter, J. Hanle, the chair-
man of the Adams commi ttee at Frankfort, Kentucky,
on the 14th April, 1828, addressed a letter to Mr.
Clay, in which lie requested for publication copies
of his correspondence, both with Mr. Blair and Mr.
Kendall. Mr. Clay's reply must have been well con-
sidered; for it was not written until the 5th of June
following. He admitted the existence of a corres-
pondenee with Mr. Blair on the subject of the pres-
idential election; but after giving some reasons, or
rather excuses, for his course, comes to the follow-
ing conclusion, viz:
"I must decline, therefore, authorizing the publication of
our correspondence. But the central committee is a liberty
to exhibit to the inspection of any gentleman, of any party,
all such portions of it as relate to the late presidential elec-
tion, and I will do the same upon any such application being
made to me" .
On application to the committee, however, it was
found that they had no copy to show; nor had Mr.
Clay taken any step to furnish them. The sensa-
tion produced by a knowledge of this fact, com-
pelled the committee to apply to Mr. Blair for
copies, without Mr. Clay's order, and copies were
furnished. The following is Mr. Kendall's account
of them, given at the time, in a letter addressed to
Mr. Clay, through the columns of the Argus, viz:
"At last these famous copies are acressible. I hare seen
them. The one is dated January 8th, 18-2o—an ominous day;
the other, January 29th. The former only is of material im-
portance. It is perhaps unfortunate for that it is net accom-
panied by those letters from Mr. Blair, 'showing in v hat
sense he understood them, to winch you allude; lor I aver,
that no candid man can iead it without a perfect conviction
that the vote of Kentuckv was given to Mr Adams, for the
purpose of promoting: your personal aggrandi7ement In-
deed. it is impossible tor mc to conceive how any other con-
struction can be put upon the lotto.r, than that the fiiends of
Mr Adams had promised you the first office m his gilt, with
tfieir future support; that yonr friends had determined to
vote tor Mr -Ydarns on that account, and that you were
using person.il exertions to bring the members of Congress
into vour views
■•Xot wishing to expose myself to the slightest imputa-
tion of misrepresenting the content? of } our letters, 1 de-
termined to make no remarks on that of the _2Pth January,
and wrote to the chairman of the administration committee
the following note:
" 'Fr.^-i-FORT, July -2,1S-2S.
'• 'Sin: T intend to use certain parts of Mr ('la) letter to
Mr. Blair, dated Sth of Jamnrv, 182">. in my leply to the at-
tack made on me by that gentleman through your commit-
tee- and T deem it more proper and more just to him, tiiat
it should be published entire, with all the views which it
contains than that the public should have only my recollec-
tions of some of its most prominent passages. Presuming
that vour committee will feel at liberty to adopt a step
which can only tend to guard Mr. Clay against misconcep-
tions and misrepresentations. { have to lequest that you w ill
furnish me with a copv of that letter This request is con-
fined to the letter of the 8th January, 1S-2), m which 1 do no.
perceive anv expression 'not decorous towards the public
An answer on this day, or early to-morrow morning, is so-
llcited' «.y0uM,&c., AMOS KENDALL.'
"The chairman received the note with that suavity and
politeness for which he is so justly distinguished, kmdly re-
marking to my friend who bore it, that if the tellers had been
left in his possession J should not have had a sight of them,
much less a copy; but he finally promised to' lay the applica-
tion before the committee at their next meeting. As I can-
not, from the feelings evinced by the chairman, expect any-
thing favorable from the deliberations of the committee, I
feel compelled to resort to my recollections fer the sub-
stance of your letter to Mr. Blair.
"Let the date be recollected—it is January Sth, 1825. You
commence by giving Mr. Blair your opinion upon a work
by Lord Byron, which you say you have sent him—'-(frank-
ed, Ipresume.) You then enter into the subject of the presi-
dential election, and- say, that the time has now arrived
when you must begin to think seriously for whom you are
to vote. You state that the friends of all the candidates en-
tertained the opinion that on you rested the decision of the
contest, and that your situation was singular and amusing.
You say that the friends of the several candidates accost
you in turn; that a friend of General Jackson says to you,
'My dear sir, my hopes are upon you—do not disappoint us;
our partiality was for you next to the hero; you know the
anxiety we all had for western President.' That a friend of
Mr. Crawford comes and says: 'The hopes of the republican
party are upon you: you and Mr. Crawford were the only
republican candidates: had you been returned to the House,
we should all have concentrated our force upoiS you.' The
language of Mr.'Adams's friends you give in nearly the fol-
lowing words: 'A faiend of Mr. Adams comes to me, with
tears in his eyes, and says—Sir, Mr. Adams has always had
the greatest respect for you, and the highest admiration for
your talents. There is no station to which you are not equal.
You were undoubtedly the second choice of New England;
and 1 pray you to consider whether the public good and
yoiSr own future interests do not distinctly point you to the
course which you ought to pursue.'
" Vou then give some reasons why Mr. Adams should be
preferred to General Jackson, among which I remember
only the statement, that the Ohio delegation had determined
to vote for Mr. Adams, the alleged want of qualifications in
the general and his military propensities. You then declare
distinctly, and in nearly the following words:
"'My friends entertain the belief that their kind wishes
towards me will, in the end, be more likely to be accom-
plished by so bestowing their votes.'
"You then declare, that you ha\e urged them to be gov-
erned by theii views of the public good alone, and aver that
you have been influenced only by that consideration In
conclusion, you use nearly the following words:
"Your representative is inclined to concur with us in
these sentiments; and as I know his respect for your opinion,
I request, if you concur in our views, that you will write to
him by return mail to strengthen him m his inclinations.
Show this to Crittenden alone.'*
This statement as to the contents of that letter
went the rounds of the Jackson papers through the
whole Union in 1828, and its accuracy was never
denied. 1 am informed that the passages marked as
quoted are nearly, if not precisely, literal extracts
from the letter, having been obtained through sev-
eral persons who successively called and read the
letter, with the concerted design of getting accurate
extracts through their concurrent recollections.
This letter established the fact beyond controversy,
that the "kind wishes" of Mr. Clay's friends to-
wards him, induced them to bestow their votes on
Mr. Adams; and that he himself, well understand-
ing their intention and its object, was directly in-
strumental in a secret movement to influence the
vote of a hesitating colleague, through apparently
spontaneous letters from his constituents. After
that disclosure, few ventured to deny, in 1828, that
the advancement of Mr. Clay was the controlling
motive with him and his friends, in giving the presi-
dency to Mr. Adams.
My colleague, [Mr. "White,] the other day de-
nied the charge of bargain, or understanding, in the
presidential election of 1825, and went on to say:
"This was too grave a charge to be made on such vague
and uncertain grounds. Until that letter was produced,
there was not, in his judgment, any evidence before the
country that that letter had been written; and he now chal-
lenged his colleague, and he would be responsible for it,
that if Mr Clay was called on he would take off every
shackle from the correspondence And unless his col-
league produced the letter, he said his allegations stood
condemned before the American people and the civilized
world."
He further said:
"That he had never heard of the letter till he saw the let-
ter of his colleague He had never seen it in his life. And
he had onlv to sav, in relation to it, that if there was any
such letter' and his colleague would address a line to Mr.
Clay, he would throw off all the shackles, and discloseto
him" all the correspondence."
Both Mr. Clay arid Mr. Blair are now in the city,
and no doubt the letter is still preserved. I propose
to mv colleague to join me in a call on Mr. Clay for
• its publication. It is due to the country, and to Mr.
Clay himself, that all mystery shall be removed from
this transaction. If he can show that such a letter
does not and never did exist, I will take all the pains
in my power to retrieve his character from any im-
putations which its alleged contents have brought
upon it. *
Mr. B. asked the clerk to read the form of a joint
letter to Mr. Clay which he invited his colleague to
1 sign with himself, and it was read, as follows, viz; •
