
and the remaining two of the 6th, and immediately thereafter to send the two brigades of my own division.

On the 8th instant, I received orders from the commanding general to leave Brigadier-General Cumming to bring on my division, and report in person at army headquarters as soon as possible after the arrival of Lieutenant-General Longstreet at Sweet Water. He reached that point on the night of the 9th, and, as directed, I left Sweet Water on the morning of the 10th, arriving at Tyner's upon the same day.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee.

No. 6.

Reports of Colonel George G. Dibrell, Eighth Tennessee Cavalry (Confederate), commanding Cavalry Brigade, including skirmishes at Sweet Water, October 23 and 26.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Philadelphia, October 20, 1863-5 p.m.

DEAR SIR: The colonel commanding instructs me to say that he engaged the enemy in front of this place at 1 o'clock to-day.

After a sharp artillery duel of an hour or more the guns of Colonel Morrison's brigade were heard in the enemy's rear.

Colonel Dibrell immediately charged into the town. The enemy was completely routed. We captured all his wagons, ambulances, tents, and cooking utensils, all his artillery, about 400 prisoners, and at least that number of small-arms.

The colonel cannot speak too highly of the conduct of his officers and men. The rout is not yet over; prisoners, horses, and mules are hourly coming in. Our loss nothing.

By order of Colonel G. G. Dibrell, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade:

DIXON A. ALLISON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major-General STEVENSON.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Philadelphia, October 20, 1863-8 p.m.

DEAR SIR: Our forces pursued the enemy to within sight of their camps at Loudon, when darkness ended the pursuit. It is thought they have their infantry in rifle-pits. Our victory is much more complete and decisive than was thought when you were first dispatched.

The enemy's loss in killed and wounded was considerable, and the number of prisoners will not fall short of 700. We captured 50 wagons loaded with stores, 10 ambulances, 6 pieces of artillery, a large lot of commissary stores and beef cattle, together with a large

