
while the artillerists on the mountain dropped their shells with the greatest impartiality over the field.

In such an action as this, if anywhere, we would look for bayonet wounds. Here was a charge-a hand-to-hand contest literally; some of the contusions were given by clubbed muskets. Not a bayonet wounds is recorder. I looked for them, but neither saw nor heard of any. There was none.

The case of Colonel (now Brigadier-General) Underwood Thirty-third Massachusetts Volunteers, merits especial mention. A conical ball entered externally a few inches below the great trochanter, passed through the soft parts horizontally, fractured the upper third of the femur, passed out and into the dorsum of the penis, whence it, together with a piece of bone the size of a half pea, which it had carried with it, was extracted by Surgeon Hubbard. A few days after the affair he was taken to Nashville, and at the present writing, I am informed, the bone has united, the wound closed, and the general health good, though the injured leg is 4 inches shorter than before. The treatment was perfect rest, good diet, and an unmovable position of the wounded extremity.

I have the honor, sir, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. BRINTON,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, Medical Director, Eleventh Corps.

Surg. GLOVER PERIN,

U. S. Army, Medical Director.

Numbers 15.

Report of Brigadier General Adolph von Steinwehr, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

CHURCH OF JOHN THE BAPTIST,

October 30, 1863.

COLONEL: On the 27th instant, this division broke camp and left Bridgeport at 6 a.m., the First Brigade leading. At about 5 p.m. we arrived at Whiteside's and camped for the night. On the 28th, we marched at daybreak toward Brown's Ferry in the same order. At the Trenton road the first indications of the enemy were seen. At about 2 p.m. the advance guard of the First Brigade was fired upon. The Seventy-third Pennsylvania was deployed as skirmishers and advanced. The Second Brigade advanced, the Seventy-third Ohio in a deployed line to the right of the Seventy-third Pennsylvania, and the Thirty-third Massachusetts followed as a reserve, together with the artillery. When the advanced regiments reached the foot of the hill a skirmish ensued. After firing a few rounds, we charged upon the enemy, who fell back across the Lookout Creek. The command was then assembled upon the Chattanooga road and moved forward. Late in the afternoon we went into camp in Lookout Valley, about 4 miles from Chattanooga.

At about 12 midnight a firing was heard in our front and shortly afterward I received orders to advance with my division. I advanced with the Second Brigade, the First following. When we had advanced about one-quarter of a mile beyond the junction of the roads, I was ordered to take and hold a hill upon our left flank, which was occupied by the enemy. I ordered Colonel O. Smith to ad

