
[CHAP. XLII.

vance upon the hill with the Seventy-third Ohio and Thirty-third Massachusetts in line of battle, and directed the One hundred and Thirty-sixth New York to ascend the hill on the left of the other two regiments. The troops were ordered not to fire, but to use the bayonet. They made a gallant charge and took the crest. The enemy fled, leaving some arms and intrenching tools in their rifle-pits. The tools were immediately made use of to strengthen their position by the men. We captured about 50 prisoners. The hill was occupied by Law's brigade, of Jenkins' division, Longstreet's corps, numbering five regiments, about 2,000 men. Our attacking force was not quite 700 muskets. The First Brigade was held as reserve immediately behind the Second Brigade, and advanced into the gaps right and left of the hill, to prevent a flanking movement of the enemy.

Respectfully,

A. VON STEINWEHR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

Lieutenant-Colonel MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16.

Itinerary of the First Brigade, Colonel Adolphus Buschbeck commanding.*

October 27, in the morning, this brigade, with the exception of the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, which was stationed at Battle Creek, Tennessee, marched in the advance of the corps from Bridgeport, Ala., and encamped at night near Whiteside's.

October 28, this brigade, still in the advance of the corps, marched in the direction of Brown's Ferry. Upon arriving at the Trenton road the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers was ordered to take position upon a hill commanding that road, and to hold the same. When the remainder of the brigade had arrived about 1 mile this side of the Wauhatchie road the advance guard was fired upon by the enemy, who was posted upon a steep hill. The Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers. The reserve, consisting of the One hundred and thirty-fourth and One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, was sent to the right and left of the hill, to outflank them. When the flanking parties had arrived at the hill a charge was made, and the enemy retreated in great disorder across Lookout Creek. The brigade then moved on and encamped at night in Lookout Valley. In this engagement 2 men were wounded. During the night the enemy attacked General Geary. The Eleventh Corps was ordered to his support. This brigade was held in reserve.

Numbers 17.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Colonel Orland Smith commanding.*

This command at date of last report was stationed at Bridgeport, Ala. I remained at that post until October 9, when it was ordered

---------------

*From return for October.

---------------

