
to Stevenson, Ala. The One hundred and thirty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers was stationed at Anderson Station, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, and seven companies of other regiments at various bridges between that point and Bridgeport, Ala.

October 24, the entire command was ordered to Bridgeport, Ala., and on the day following crossed the Tennessee River, and moved to Shellmound Station.

October 27, it moved with the remainder of the Eleventh Corps to Whiteside's Station; thence, the 28th, to Brown's Ferry, near Lookout Mountain, having a slight skirmish with the enemy at the base of Lookout Mountain on the route thither.

October 29, at 1 a.m., the command was engaged with the enemy, suffering severely, but driving the foe (who were 2,000 strong) from a strong position, our force engaged being less than 700. Generals Thomas, Hooker, Howard, and Steinwehr, complimented the brigade on its good behavior. The command has remained on the ground where the engagement occurred since that date.

Numbers 18.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Godfrey Rider, jr., Thirty-third Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD REGIMENT, MASS. VOLUNTEERS,Near Lookout Mountain, Tennessee, November 1, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the share taken by the Thirty-third Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers in the operations of the 28th and 29th ultimo:

On the afternoon of the 28th, this command was formed in line of battle behind the Seventy-third Ohio Volunteers, and advanced steadily, skirmishing through the woods and brush on the right of the railroad. Upon reaching an open space, where the line was ordered to halt, a brisk fire of solid shot and shell was opened upon it from a battery of heavy guns upon the top of Lookout Mountain. The men were ordered to lie down, and remained in this position about half an hour, when this command was ordered to follow the Seventy-third Ohio Volunteers, which marched by the right flank back through the woods, recrossed the railroad, and took the main road on the other side. This movement was executed in good order and without hurry, the men marching steadily, regardless of the shot and shell which the enemy continued to shower upon the column, until it was beyond the reach of his guns. About sundown the regiment encamped with the brigade within our own lines. Our loss in this action was 1 man killed.

At half past 12 o'clock on the morning of the 29th, orders were received to march. This command immediately fell into line, and after a march of a little over a mile reached a steep hill covered with trees and underbrush, upon the crest of which the enemy were posted, behind breastworks and rifle-pits, with skirmishers thrown out in front. This regiment formed in line of battle upon the hill-side, its right resting upon the road, and with one company (H) deployed as skirmishers on the left, reaching almost to the crest of the hill, and was ordered to advance in line and connect with the Seventy-third Ohio in front.

