
[CHAP. XLII.

The line advanced in good order, under fire of the enemy's skirmishers, until it reached a crooked ravine some 20 feet deep running parallel with the hill-side, the sides of which were almost perpendicular, slippery with leaves and clay, and covered with brush, and its appearance rendered still more formidable by the deceptive moonlight. At this point it was impossible to preserve a perfect line, but the regiment gallantly plunged into it-the dead and living rolling down together-climbed the opposite side, and halted in some disorder. Here the enemy opened a deadly fire from the whole length of their line upon our front flank and rear. Colonel Underwood fell dangerously wounded, and many other officers and file closers were either killed or wounded. Unfortunately, the exact position of the enemy was unknown, and the Seventy-third Ohio, with which we were ordered to connect, could not be found for that purpose, they having advanced farther on our right, while we supposed them to be in a position actually occupied by the enemy. In this emergency, the regiment believing itself without support, and fired into by its friends, some confusion naturally ensued, and the line fell back slowly into the road. Here it was quickly reformed and again advanced in line, with fixed bayonets and without firing, directly up the face of the hill until, within a few yards of the breastworks, it drew the enemy's fire, when, with a cheer, it turned by the right flank, gained the crest crossed the rifle-pits, and charged upon the enemy's flank with the bayonet, at the same time pouring a volley into his retreating ranks. The enemy, without waiting to reply, retreated precipitately over the hill, abandoning his killed and wounded, and leaving us in full possession of the hill. Here the regiment formed in line of battle, posted pickets, and commenced throwing up breastworks in case of an attack.

This command captured 2 commissioned officers (1 wounded) and 39 privates together with a large number of muskets and all the enemy's intrenching tools. Three companies of this command were absent, having been sent on an expedition toward Kelley's Ford. The regiment, therefore, went into action with seven companies, numbering about 230 men. Out of this small force the command lost: Killed, 3 commissioned officers and 22 enlisted men; wounded, 5 commissioned officers and 56 enlisted men; total, 8 commissioned officers and 78 enlisted men, one-third of the whole number engaged.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

G. RIDER, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-third Massachusetts Volunteers

Colonel ORLAND SMITH,

Comdg. Second Brig., Second Div., Eleventh Corps.

Numbers 19.

Report of Colonel James Wood, jr., One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 136TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In the Field, Lookout Valley,

Near Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the regiment under my command since and including the 26th day of October ultimo. On that day I was relieved from

