
guarding that part of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad and the bridges and wooden structures thereon between Anderson and Tantalon, to which I had been assigned by orders from brigade headquarters, bearing date 11th October ultimo. The regiment marched from Anderson to Bridgeport to join the brigade from which it had been detached while guarding the railroad. The march was made over the Cumberland Mountain by a steep and declivities road or bridle path inaccessible to wagons, under the guidance of L. Willis, esq., a firm and unconditional Union man, residing near Anderson. The regiment arrived at Bridgeport on the evening of the same day, having march a distance of 16 miles. On arriving at Bridgeport I learned that the brigade had marched the evening before to Shellmound, on the south side of the Tennessee River. I thereupon reported, with my command, to Brigadier General A. von Steinwehr, division commander, and encamped for the night. During the evening I received orders to march with the Eleventh Corps at sunrise the next morning, and to join my brigade on the march.

In pursuance of the order, the regiment marched with the corps at the time designated, crossed the Tennessee River at Bridgeport on pontoon bridges, and took up the line of march on the Chattanooga road. At Shellmound the regiment came up with and joined the brigade. From this point the regiment, with the Eleventh Corps, of which it formed a part, marched to Brown's Ferry, on the Tennessee River, in Lookout Valley, about 3 miles from Chattanooga, at which point it arrived near sunset of 28th October ultimo. Although the troops were on two occasions during the march massed in column by division, preparatory to an engagement in case the enemy attempted to dispute our progress (of which it was reported there were indications), and some skirmish firing was heard on our front, this regiment did not see, nor was it in any way molested by, the enemy on this march, except that as soon as the marching column came within range of his artillery, posted on Lookout Mountain, he opened upon it with shot and shell, and kept up the fire until the whole had passed. But such was the elevation of the mountain, and necessary inaccuracy of aim, that the cannonade was entirely harmless. The shot and shell fell wide of the mark, and did not so much as create any sensible uneasiness among the men of my command. I may be allowed to mention that as I passed the point most exposed to the fire I found Major-General Hooker stationed beside the road notifying the men as they passed that there was no danger from the artillery firing and testifying by his presence and position that he believed what he said. It is unnecessary for me to say that this conduct of our commanding general had the most inspiriting influence on the officers and men of my command.

On arriving at our place of destination this regiment with the brigade, encamped for the night. About 1 o'clock of the morning of the 29th ultimo, I was awakened by skirmish firing, which seemed to be a short distance back on the road over which we had marched. The firing rapidly increased in intensity, and the roar of artillery soon mingling with it, admonished us that some part of our forces were engaged with the enemy. The regiment was immediately ordered to fall in under arms, and to march in direction of the conflict. It was soon ascertained that the firing was occasioned by an attack made by the enemy upon the command of Brigadier-General Geary, of the Twelfth Corps, who had been following us from Bridgeport, and was a few hours in our rear. His command, con-

