
[CHAP. XLII.

sisting of a part of his division, had encamped for the night at a place called Wauhatchie, about 3 miles from the position occupied by the Eleventh Corps. General Howard ordered his command to march at once to the aid of General Geary. This regiment at a double-quick, took up the line of march in rear of the brigade, being preceded by the Seventy-third Ohio, Thirty-third Massachusetts, and Fifty-fifth Ohio. When about 1 1/2 miles from camp it was ascertained that the enemy occupied the crest of a hill, at the foot of which the road on which we were marching passed, and it was regarded important to dislodge him. Colonel O. Smith, commanding the brigade, was ordered to do it. Preparatory to executing the movement, the brigade was halted in the road. Colonel Smith sent forward the Seventy-third Ohio and Thirty-third Massachusetts, and directed them to charge the hill and drive the enemy therefrom.

In the meantime, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Steinwehr, division commander, to march my regiment by file to the left and form line of battle west of and perpendicular to the road on which we had been halted. This was at the foot of another hill, about 200 yards north of the one occupied by the enemy, and similar in appearance to it and from which it was separated by a gap or pass. When I had completed the movement ordered, I was directed to send two companies to skirmish up the hill at the foot of which our line of battle was formed, to ascertain if it was occupied by the enemy. I immediately detached Companies H and K from the left of my left wing to execute the movement, and placed the force in command of Captain Eldredge, Company K. The Seventy-third Ohio and Thirty-third Massachusetts being hard pressed by the enemy on the hill which they had been ordered to charge, my regiment was ordered to their support. I marched to the base of the same hill, halted, and formed line of battle facing it. My center was opposite the highest crest of the hill. Although it was a bright moonlight night, neither the height of the hill nor the obstacles to be encountered could be seen. I was ordered to charge in line of battle to the top of the hill, drive off the enemy, and form a junction with the Thirty-third Massachusetts on my right. It should be borne in mind that the two companies detached as skirmishers had not at this time rejoined the regiment.

I gave the command "forward", when the regiment advanced in line of battle at as quick a pace as the steep ascent of the hill would permit. Moved steadily and firmly forward under a brisk and constant fire from the enemy, reached and crowned the crest of the hill, drove off the enemy, and took possession. Not a shot was fired by my men until the crest was gained, when one volley was discharged at the retreating enemy. At the time the charge was made the enemy was engaged in throwing up a line of rifle-pits. We captured his intrenching tools. Having gained and occupied the crest of the hill, I deployed one company to the front as skirmishers, moved by the right flank, and formed a connection with the Thirty-third Massachusetts, which regiment had preceded me, charging up the hill on my right and was vigorously engaged with the enemy when I reached the crest. The victory was complete. The crest of the hill is not more than 6 yards in width, from which there is a rapid descent into a valley on the other side. Down this declivity the enemy precipitately fled in the utmost confusion. He staggered under the intrepid charges and deadly blows delivered to him by the braves of the Seventy-third Ohio and Thirty-third Massachusetts. His dis-

