
comfiture was made complete by the vigorous and splendid charge of the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers. The ground over which he retreated was strewn with rifles, swords, hats, caps, and haversacks. As daylight opened upon us, we were all astonished at the audacity of our charge and astounded at our success. The hill is over 200 feet perpendicular height, and the distance from the road where I formed line of battle to the crest of the hill is 180 yards.

Prisoners report (and the report is confirmed by other information, and may be regarded as reliable), that the force of the enemy occupying the hill consisted of Law's brigade, Hood's division, Longstreet's corps. This brigade was composed of six regiments, five of which were posted on the crest of the hill, the sixth being held in reserve in the valley below. The face of the hill is covered by a forest and a thick coating of leaves, broken by gullies or ravines, and obstructed by brush and upturned trees. Over and through these obstructions, up an ascent of over 45 degrees, the men charged with a steadiness and precision that could not be excelled by the most experienced and veteran troops. At no time was there any confusion; at no time was there any wavering. From the commencement to the end of the charge the alignment of the line of battle was wonderfully preserved. My hearty commendation and profound thanks are especially due to the officers and men of my command for their brave and gallant conduct on this occasion, as I was deprived of the assistance of my able and energetic field officer, Lieutenant-Colonel Faulkner (being absent on detached service in State of New York), and Major Arnold (being detained at Bridgeport by an attack of illness which rendered him unable to take the field). There is no occasion to make special mention of any officer or man of my command, for every one engaged seemed to perform his whole duty. No one faltered; there were no stragglers. All are alike entitled to credit; all alike should receive the commendation of their superior officers, the gratitude of their country, and the friends of all may well feel proud of the bravery and gallantry which was exhibited.

Our casualties, it affords me much pleasure to say, are slight, our loss being only 2 killed and 4 wounded. This exemption from disaster is due to the steepness of the hill up which we charged, the bullets from the enemy's rifles passing harmlessly over our heads. The casualties happened after we reached the crest. We captured 5 prisoners and 40 rifles left on the field by the retreating enemy.

I have the honor to be, captain, respectfully,

JAMES WOOD, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain B. F. STONE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 20.

Report of Major Samuel H. Hurst, Seventy-third Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Near Chattanooga, November 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the actions of October 28 and 29 near Lookout Creek:

In the afternoon of October 28, shortly after leaving Wauhatchie, in our line of march toward Chattanooga, I was ordered to cross the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad and move the regiment forward

