
We had no information of the enemy's movements, and could see but little in the darkness of the woods. Colonel Hecker, however, found no serious resistance, and after a slight skirmish, effected his junction with General Geary's command. He arrived at Wauhatchie before daybreak and reported himself to General Geary in person about 5 a.m.

At 6 a.m. I received the order to send another brigade to General Geary. Deeming it necessary to hold the important position occupied by General Tyndale, I ordered Colonel Krzyzanowski to leave a detachment in the position he then had, and to march with the remainder or his command to Wauhatchie. He reported there about 7 a.m.

My loss was 37 officers and men. We took a number of prisoners.

I am, general, most respectfully, yours,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General, Commanding Third Division.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps.

Numbers 22.

Itinerary of the First Brigade, Brigadier General Hector Tyndale commanding.*

October 1, the brigade proceeded on the cars from Tullahoma, arriving at Bridgeport, Ala., on the evening of same day. Encamped on the west on the west side of the river, doing picket duty, scouting, and building earth-works at the bridge head, across Tennessee River.

October 21, the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers was attached to the Third Brigade, Third Division.

October 27, left Bridgeport, en route to Lookout Valley, arriving at Poison Hollow on the evening of the same day. The One hundred and first Illinois Infantry joined this brigade this day.

October 28, left Poison Hollow in the morning, arriving at the foot of Lookout Mountain on the afternoon of same day. Skirmished with the enemy, driving in their outposts, and arrived safely at the present camping ground; placed pickets on all suitable points, and joined the troops of this corps in successfully repulsing a night attack of the enemy on the 29th, at 1.30 a.m. Commenced building rifle-pits, &amp;c., continuing the works without cessation during October 30 and 31.

Numbers 23.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Colonel Wladimir Krzyzanowski commanding.

October 1, the brigade arrived at Nashville, and established camp near Bridgeport, Ala., October 2.

October 19, the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Sixty-eighth New York Volunteers were transferred to the Third Brigade,

---------------

*From return for October.

---------------

