
and by way of Running Waters and Whiteside's, reached Wauhatchie at 4.30 p.m. At Whiteside's the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, Colonel A. Godard, was detached and ordered into the pass leading toward Trenton, with instructions to hold it at all hazards. Owing to the heavy condition of the roads over a long extent of the route, the march was a trying one. Our passage from the mountain gorge to our ordered destination, at the intersection of the Wauhatchie and Brown's Ferry, by the Kelley's Ferry road, was distinctly visible to the enemy's signal station on a table of the Lookout Mountain upon which active signaling was plainly discernible to the naked eye. I ordered my command to bivouac upon their arms, with cartridge boxes on, and placed my guns on a knob about 30 yards to the left of the railroad and immediately to the left of Rowden's house, so that they could command either of the cardinal points. Commanding officers were instructed to have their men spring to arms upon any alarm. I selected Colonel Rickards for the duties of general officer of the day, and his regiment (the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers) for grand guard. I ordered them to be posted according to Butterfield's Outpost Duty, which I always adopt in my command as a most efficient system, and which, well carried out, renders surprise from any force impossible. The utmost vigilance was enjoined upon all. I had not anticipated an attack from the direction it came, although I had provided for all contingencies, as the Eleventh Corps had passed that way, leading to a reasonable supposition that no enemy had position in that vicinity. My anticipations were that we would be approached from the southward, and I accordingly made my strongest disposition that way. During the night I learned from a citizen that Longstreet's command had been, and doubtless was, at the foot of Lookout Mountain, on the east side of the creek over which a bridge was said to be constructed. I specially enjoined upon my pickets vigilance toward the reported locality of this bridge.

At about half past 10 o'clock picket-firing was heard to the left of the railroad and north of my position, which seemed to emanate from my outposts. The entire command was put under arms at once, and I moved the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers forward to he Kelley's Ferry road, so as to command the railroad and the approaches to the right and left of it. The firing having ceased for over an hour, I returned the regiment, with a repetition of previous orders as to alertness. Shortly after midnight our outposts gave the alarm, their challenge being distinctly heard, as well as the shots which struck them down at their posts, fully comprehensive, to a degree worthy of emulation, of the duty required of them in preservation of those they guarded. The course of the enemy's advance was alone indicated by the opposition of my pickets. The moon was fitful and did not afford light sufficient to see a body of men only 100 yards distant, and during the fight their whereabouts was mostly revealed by the flashes of the fire-arms. I promptly formed my lines to receive their attack. The One hundred and thirty-seventh New York was advanced about 50 yards west of the Kelley's Ferry road, forming my left, the One hundred and ninth and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, respectively, prolonged this line and constituted my front, which was perpendicular to the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. The right of the One hundred and eleventh overreached the angle and faced the railroad. My right was formed at right angles with the center, along the embankment of the railroad, held by the Seventy-eighth and One hundred and forty-

8 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

