
The order, "Pick off the artillerists," was repeatedly heard along the rebel line. Lieutenant Geary fell, mortally wounded, while resisting this onslaught, which his piece contributed so effectually to repel. Captain Atwell, of the battery, fell with a wound which since has caused his death. His men and horses fell so rapidly that only two guns could be manned after this attack. The command of the battery now devolved entirely upon the only artillery officer present, Major J. A. Reynolds, chief of artillery of Twelfth Corps. The infantry suffered considerably, but dealt destruction into the rebel ranks as correspondingly overwhelming as were their number to those of our own Spartan band.

The contest raged with vehemence along the whole line, while our artillery threw its missiles unsparingly into the opposing ranks. The One hundred and thirty-seventh New York, on the left, fought the over-reaching right of the enemy by part of them fighting back to back with the other part. After the lapse of an hour and a half the enemy evidenced an indisposition to continue the attack on the center, and, at the same moment, a redoubled attack on the entire left made manifest his strengthening of that portion of his line. Again they were met with that obstinate fire which kept them in abeyance by dealing death into their ranks with the fire of our men, whose unerring aim contrasted strongly with the want of precision and overflying shots of the enemy. While thus hotly engaged the enemy attempted to turn our left flank by uncovering it some distance to the left. The Hampton Legion, 1,600 strong, had penetrated to the Kelley's Ferry road, about 70 yards to the left, and, while marching by the flank, was attacked by two companies of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York, under Adjutant Mix, moved around at right angles, and they were thrown into confusion by our sudden assault, and, the advantage on our side being followed up, they were hastily driven back, leaving a number of killed and wounded in the woods to the left and rear of our line.

Our ammunition was now, about 3 a.m., nearly exhausted, and a limited supply was gathered from the hospital and from the persons of the dead and wounded of both sides on the field. I had determined to depend upon the bayonet should our ammunition fail, and hold our position until relieved. A demonstration was now made on the right of the center angle, and also opposite the extreme right, while the firing on the left grew weaker. The enemy opened from a rising ground overlooking the railroad and from behind the railroad embankment. The two pieces of artillery still continued fire. One piece was dragged by two companies of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania to a pass over the railroad near the extreme right, and, under the supervision of Colonel Rickards, was ranged north, toward Chattanooga, sweeping the railroad, and, after several discharges, the rebels were driven from the embankment. The One hundred and forty-ninth New York now poured several volleys into them, punishing them severely, as was attested by the numbers left on the field in that locality.

A detachment was ordered to hold the woods farther to our right, which guarded against any attempt to turn that flank. At half past 3 o'clock they ceased firing on our left, their hostility manifestly having grown weaker during the last fifteen minutes, and, firing a few volleys at our center, which were promptly responded to, they retired, leaving the field in our possession, and our lines in the same position as when the battle opened. Our victory was complete-the disasters to the enemy palpably extensive. The veteran division

