
The following were present:

 Officer	 Enliste

Command.	 s.	 d men

Greene's brigade:

78th New York, Lieutenant Colonel H. Hammerstein.	 15	 169

149the New York, Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Randall.	 14	 223

Cobham's brigade: Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania, Colonel W.

Rickards.	 23	 364

Total infantry present	 93	 1,499

The Seventy-eighth and One hundred and forty-ninth New York occupied an important position, but the latter only engaged for a few minutes. The presence of these two regiments on the right had the effect of retarding movements of the enemy in that direction. Of the conduct of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York and One hundred and ninth and One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania in sustaining the brunt of the battle, I cannot speak too highly. They acquitted themselves in a manner deserving all the commendation that a commander can bestow upon them, and which I take pride in mentioning officially, as well as the valuable services of all present. Colonel Ireland is deserving of especial notice, not only in commanding his regiment in the heat of the battle, but also in his conduct upon succeeding General Greene in command of his brigade. The two sections of Knap's (Pennsylvania) battery contributed invaluably to the successful result of the action. Nearly all its gunners were killed or wounded, and about two-thirds of its horses, but, until the last, all who were left did their duty at their posts. Among those who, in this action, were numbered with the honored dead were the only two officers attached to this battery present-Captain C. A. Atwell, and Lieutenant E. R. Geary-who fell in the midst of their command, zealous in execution of their duty. Many regrets follow those brave young hearts to their soldier graves, succumbing, in the hour of youth's promising, brightest manhood, to the hostility of our country's enemy. In the latter named, I may be permitted to remark, I experience, in conjunction with the keen regrets of a commanding officer for a worthy officer, the pangs of a farther's grief for a cherished son, whose budding worth in wealth of intellect and courage was filling full the cup of paternal pride.

In the death of Major Boyle, of the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania, the command is deprived of a valuable officer, society of one of its choice gentlemen, and our country a noble martyr. To the Major Reynolds, chief of artillery of the Twelfth corps, the highest encomiums are due. From the opening of the fight he personally contributed his knowledge and efforts to the action of the battery. After its officers were killed he assumed exclusive command and retained it until November 4. To Colonel Cobham, commanding Second Brigade, I take pleasure in officially tendering my thanks for his valuable co-operation, as well as to Colonel Rickards and Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Zulich, of the grand guard, who were ever present where they could contribute to the general good, which they did to an eminent degree. The officers of my staff, present, Captain Thomas H. Elliott, assistant adjutant-general; Captain R. H. Wilbur, aide-de-camp; Captain M. Veale, assistant commissary of musters, and Lieutenant L. R. Davis, aide-de-camp, manifested throughout the same coolness, zeal, judg-

