
[CHAP. XLII.

ment, and courage which has marked their association with me upon many previous fields. Captain Veale was lightly, and Lieutenant Davis severely, wounded early in the battle. I am constrained to regret the loss of many brave and devoted men among the casualties.

The following is a return of the enemy's losses as far as ascertained: Killed, in our hands (from reports of burial parties), 153, including 6 commissioned officers; wounded, in our hands (3 commissioned officers), 52; prisoners taken with arms (3 commissioned officers), 50; arms captured (Springfield and Enfield rifles), 350.

From the statistics of most battle-fields, and judging of our own proportion of wounded (5 1/2 to 1 killed), it is just to compute the loss of the enemy in wounded at a ratio of 5, which will render their loss in the engagement with my command about 1,000, a figure which, from all circumstances, is most reasonable. Many arms and accouterments, as well as a number of guns thrown away by the enemy in flight, were found in the mountains, indicating that some of their troops had become disconnected from their commands and had wandered off. Many of the arms captured were taken by the various commands to replace damaged ones; also by teamsters and others.

On the morning of the 29th, Colonel Hecker's brigade (Third), of the Third Division, Eleventh Corps, reported to me as re-enforcements, at half past 5 o'clock, two hours after the enemy had retired, and at 7.15 Colonel Krzyzanowski's (Second) brigade, of the same division and corps, reported. The former I placed in position in single line, parallel with and overlooking the railroad. The latter I formed on my extreme right, in prolongation of the line, in rear of the railroad junction. I furnished them with intrenching tools and they worked industriously and cheerfully in contracting extensive breastworks with numerous traverses advantageously formed, to which I gave personal attention. At shortly after 8 o'clock, Colonel JNumbers G. Mitchell reported with a detachment of Second Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, which I placed in the intrenchments, partially constructed by our troops after the battle, relieving my own men, who were much fatigued and needed respite. Colonel Mitchell's command was directed to proceed in fortifying the position, which it did actively, while my men buried our own and the enemy's dead and gathered the wounded and arms from the field. From 10 o'clock in the morning until late in the afternoon, the shells and shot of the enemy from Lookout Mountain penetrated every portion of our position, without any casualties or interference with the progress of the works.

At noon the Twenty-ninth Ohio and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania, with the remaining section of Knap's battery, reported. The regiments were put in reserve, and, in the afternoon, my whole command was placed in line to the left and engaged in strengthening their position. The Seventy-eighth and One hundred and forty-ninth New York regiments constituted the grand guards during the 29th and 30th. The whole of the 30th was devoted to fortifying our lines, though the day was exceedingly inclement. On the 31st, pursuant to orders, our line was changed to a range of hills 1 1/2 miles to the rear of the railroad, in the direction of Kelley's Ferry, and our whole force at once engaged upon throwing up works in front of our lines, which constituted the right, resting on Raccoon Mountain. Colonel Hecker's and Colonel Krzyzanowski's brigades were relieved at about 5 p.m. on the 31st, and Colonel Mitchell's at 9 a.m. on November 1. The remaining four regiments of my First

