HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE, ARMSTRONG'S DIV.,Sunday, October 27, 1863.

SIR: According to previous orders received, I moved with my brigade and a detachment of General Morgan's command from Charleston on the 19th at 12 m.; crossed the Hiwassee River and traveled all night. By and agreement with Colonel Morrison, commanding brigade, I was to be in front of Philadelphia by 12 m. of the 20th. He was to cross the Hiwassee below me, and move to the rear of the enemy. Subsequently, Colonel [Morrison] notified me that he could not be at the appointed place before 2 p.m.

Meantime, I advanced my forces, drove in the enemy's pickets, kept up a skirmish at a respectable distance, keeping all of my command out of sight of the enemy except two regiments and one section of artillery until Colonel Morrison could get in position. As soon as this was known, I moved rapidly forward and opened upon the enemy with my artillery,and charged them with cavalry held in readiness for that purpose, completely routing the enemy and scattering them through the woods in every direction, capturing in all six pieces of artillery, all their wagons, ambulances, stores, &amp;c., and a large number of horses, equipments, &c., 500 to 600 prisoners.

In this engagement I only claim for my brigade that they did their part most admirably, and are entitled to the reputation they had previously so richly merited, and I fully accord to Colonel Morrison's brigade an equal share of all the glories won for the gallant part acted by them in the engagements. Without their co-operation so brilliant a success would have proven a failure, as the enemy were but a few miles from a large infantry force to support them. My loss, 1 man killed and 3 captured. A few horses wounded.

Brigadier-General Vaughn had kindly volunteered his services, which were invaluable to me, and his gallantry and daring charge upon the enemy had endeared him to my brigade and caused them all to regard him as one of the bravest of the brave.

In the engagement of the 23rd my loss was 5 wounded. The loss of the enemy not known.

In the engagement of yesterday my loss was 3 wounded and 5 missing; 2 horses wounded. The enemy left some 12 or 15 dead and wounded horses upon the field, and are known to have had 3 commissioned officers and several privates killed and a number wounded.

The conduct of the men and officers, both cavalry and artillery, was very fine during all the engagements.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 7.

Reports of Colonel J. J. Morrison, First Georgia Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lenoir's House, Philadelphia, October 20, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that, agreeably to your instructions, I succeeded in getting between Loudon and Philadelphia, after making a march of 50 miles in fifteen hours. Found the enemy

