
[CHAP. XLIII.

severely wounding many others. Where all behaved so well, I cannot particularize without doing injustice. I have to regret the loss of Major John A. Boyle, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania; Lieutenant Marvin D. Pettit, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania, and Lieutenant James Glendening, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, all of them excellent officers and gallant men. Lieutenant Pettit was killed by the premature explosion of one of our own shells. Lieutenant John J. Haight, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, acting on my staff as acting assistant inspector-general, was very severely wounded. I would state that the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, being on picket duty, the force under my command numbered less than 500 men.

I cannot omit paying a tribute to the gallant conduct of the officers and men of Atwell's battery; the deplorable loss sustained by them and their crippled condition sufficiently attest the gallantry with which their guns were worked, and the heavy fire to which they were exposed.

I thank the gentlemen of my staff for the manner in which they performed their duties. The loss sustained in the action was as follows:

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

 Offic	 Enlis	 Offic	 Enlis	 Offic	 Enlis	 Aggr

 ers.	 ted	 ers.	 ted	 ers.	 ted	 egat

Command.	 	 men.	 	 men.	 	 men.	 e.

General staff and

pioneers.	 ---	 ---	 1	 4	 ---	 ---	 5

29th Pennsylvania

Volunteers, Colonel	 ---	 1	 ---	 5	 ---	 1	 7

Rickards.

109th Pennsylvania

Volunteers, Captain	 1	 3	 1	 23	 ---	 4	 32

Gimber.

111th Pennsylvania

Volunteers, Lieutenant-

Colonel Walker.	 2	 6	 5	 31	 ---	 1	 45

Total.	 3	 10	 7	 63	 ---	 6	 89

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. COBHAM, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 26.

Report of Colonel William Rickards, jr., Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA Volunteers,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, October 29, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent engagement with the enemy at this point is respectfully submitted:

Tuesday, October 27, cloudy, but cleared off in the middle of the day. Regiment was in line at sunrise, marched to depot in Bridgeport, where each man was supplied with 60 rounds of ammunition, crossed the Tennessee River on a pontoon bridge, and marched to Shellmound, where we arrived at 2 p.m.; distance about 10 miles. Lieutenant-Colonel Zulich was detailed to superintend the working parties building the pontoon bridge at Shellmound and making the roads leading to it.

