
[CHAP. XLIII.

The horses also suffered severely. Lieutenant Geary, of the battery, was killed by my side, being struck over the eye. Captain Atwell was badly wounded in the hip and spine. Most of the men were wounded or killed. They all acted nobly. We had started with 60 rounds of infantry ammunition and none in the train. This was nearly expended. The enemy now made a fresh demonstration on our right, and gained possession of the railroad bank, from which they delivered a very severe fire on us. Our efforts to dislodge them by firing from our present position proved fruitless. Being unable to find General Geary or Colonel Cobham at that time, and Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, having charge of the battery, I directed him to have one piece move to the outside of the railroad bank, at a crossing in our rear, and enfilade the bank. He objected,saying the enemy would take the piece, and also he had no horses to pull it. I told him I would take the responsibility and furnish the force. I brought Companies C and G and had the piece hauled outside of the railroad, carried ammunition and did the labor of the piece, while those men who were left with the gun unwounded, loaded and fired. After two or three shots we got the range, and swept the enemy from the bank. This seemed to have a depressing effect upon the enemy, for their fire now ceased, and we remained masters of our position. Companies A and F, under charge of Lieutenant Coursault, of Company A, held the woods on the right of the railroad, and prevented the enemy from getting in our rear and right. They behaved with great bravery and discretion.

Too much praise cannot be bestowed on Companies C and G, under Captains Millison and Goldsmith, for their obstinate resistance to the enemy, checking his advance, and giving our troops time to get into line. The accident of my stopping at the house of Mr. Rowan [Rowden] when I did led to the information which showed the position of the enemy, and led to the advancing and strengthening of my pickets. The fact of the whole regiment being on picket, and many on posts away from fire, accounts for the small loss, viz, 1 man killed, 5 badly wounded, and 1 missing, who, being, on the most exposed post, in no doubt a prisoner. The officers men of Knap's battery acted nobly. Lieutenant Geary, son of our general, was killed at my side at the instant he commanded "fire", after aiming his gun. His death will be a serious loss to the service and country. The attack was made by Hood's division, of Longstreet's corps, and, having a knowledge of our numbers and position from their station on Lookout Mountain, they expected to surprise and capture our force with ease. None but White Stars were engaged, and they have shown they are capable of holding their ground against superior numbers of the best troops in the rebel army. The enemy having turned the left flank, captured our wagon train, which was recaptured by Lieutenant-Colonel Zulich, of this regiment, who, having collected and organized a number of loose men, drove off the enemy and brought it safely to the rear.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. RICKARDS, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN P. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 1 man killed, 5 wounded, and 1 man missing.

---------------

