
Numbers 27.

Report of Captain Frederick L. Gimber, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 109TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA Volunteers,Raccoon Mountain, Tennessee, October 31, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the march from Bridgeport, Ala., on October 27, and the part my regiment took in the engagement of Wauhatchie, Tennessee, on the 29th instant:

Broke camp at Bridgeport, Ala., on the morning of the 27th, leaving that place at about 9 a.m., crossing the Tennessee River on pontoons, arriving at Shellmound Station on the railroad at about 3 o'clock where the troops went into camp for the night. Reveille sounded at about 4 a.m. of the 28th, and the troops were again on the march by daylight, crossing the mountains and several streamlets, arriving at a point near Lookout Mountain. Firing occurring on our front, we were moved into a woods on the left of the railroad where we formed into division, stacked arms, and the men allowed to rest. About midnight the troops were suddenly called to arms, firing occurring on the picket line. The regiment was then ordered to move by the left flank to a point in a field, the regiment taking a position behind a rail fence. Scarcely were the men in position before the enemy opened a cross and direct fire, which our men promptly replied to, and kept up a continuous fire for about two hours and a half, when the supply of ammunition fell short and the fire began to slacken, and though the enemy kept up a fire at intervals it failed to dislodge our men, who nobly stood their ground under the trying circumstances. The enemy having received a last volley from our boys, retreated from the field.

The regiment took into the engagement about 110, all told; lost 5 killed and 21 wounded. Among the killed I regret to announce First Lieutenant James Glendening, of Company A, and acting adjutant, a brave and efficient soldier, whose loss cannot well be replaced. Both officers and men behaved well, fully sustaining the reputation of the White Star division.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK L. GIMBER,

Captain, Commanding 109th Pennsylvania.

Captain JOHN P. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 28.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Walker, One hundred and Eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 111TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA Volunteers,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, October 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the battle of Wauhatchie, October 28 and 29, 1863:

The regiment marching from Stevenson, Ala., arrived in Bridgeport at 2 p.m. of the 27th instant, where we remained 5 p.m.

