
[CHAP. XLIII.

(to be supplied with rations and ammunition), at which time we crossed the Tennessee River, following the route taken by our brigade for Shellmound, where we arrived at 8 p.m. and bivouacked. We broke camp at Shellmound at 4 a.m. of the 28th, and marched until 5 p.m., encamping at the junction of the roads to Kelley's and Brown's Ferries. The regiment was bivouacked by division, left in front. Soon after 11 p.m. we were aroused by picket firing in the direction of the point of Lookout Mountain, and immediately got under arms, forming line parallel with the railroad, fronting to the east.

We remained in line for about fifteen minutes, when we were again ordered to our bivouacs, but cautioned by the general commanding division to turn out and take the same ground should there be a repetition of the firing. We had scarcely remained in camp fifteen minutes when the picket firing was renewed, and we immediately took the line as directed and threw the two left companies forward as skirmishers. These were yet deploying when the advance of the enemy opened upon us from our left flank. I immediately changed front to the rear on the first company, facing nearly north, the right resting near the railroad and the line running nearly parallel with the road to Kelley's Ferry. The enemy were firing on our front and at the same time working around our left and right. By direction the two left companies opened on the advancing line, the rest of my regiment reserving fire until the advancing line should come to very close quarters. I now directed the right company to deploy as skirmishers on our right flank on the opposite side of the railroad, as soon as received word from them that a line was advancing on our right. Two companies under Captain Wells, were at once placed along the railroad embankment to check this advance; our skirmishers fell back to the same position. These three companies met the enemy and checked them at their first fire. We retained this position, the right facing to the east, the center to the north, and the left to northwest, until the enemy gave up the attack, soon after 3 o'clock. We were for a long time under a severe fire from three directions, fighting at a great disadvantage.

I mention with pleasure the steadiness and determination of my men. I was greatly indebted to the assistance given me by my major, John A. Boyle, who sealed his devotion with his life, and to Captains Wells and Warner, both of whom were struck slightly, also to Lieutenant Albert Black, who was very severely wounded. I append herewith a list of casualties in the regiment.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 111th Pennsylvania Volunteers

Captain JOHN P. GREEN,

A. A. G., Second Brig., Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 29.

Report of Brigadier General S. Greene, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

HOSPITAL AT BRIDGEPORT, November 1, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report of the battle on the 29th ultimo, near Lookout Mountain.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 76.

---------------

