
Two regiments of my brigade having been placed in line of battle under the direction of the commanding general of the division, the action immediately commenced by an attack of the enemy, to which our fire promptly and efficiently replied.

I had been twice along the line sending in a few stragglers that were in the rear, when I was severely wounded in the mouth, and, from loss of blood and of voice, was unable to render efficient service in the field, and I retired to the hospital for attendance.

I can bear testimony to the good conduct of the brigade while on the field.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. GREENE,

Brigadier General Third. Brig., Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30.

Report of Colonel David Ireland, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., TWELFTH CORPS,Camp near Lookout Valley, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor most respectfully to submit the following report of that portion of the Third Brigade engaged in the action of the 29th ultimo, designated as the battle of Wauhatchie:

The following named regiments constituted the portion of the brigade alluded to above: The Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Hammerstein commanding; the one hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, Colonel David Ireland commanding, and the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant-colonel Randall commanding.

The command left Bridgeport on Monday, October 27, 1863, and marched to Shellmound, Tennessee, We were there joined by the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, Colonel A. Godard, and the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers (which regiments left Bridgeport some two hours after the division had gone.) A heavy detail was made from the Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers and One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers to assist in constructing a pontoon bridge over the Tennessee river at that point. We broke camp on the morning of the 28th ultimo and marched to Whiteside's, where the Sixtieth New York Volunteers were ordered to take position in a gap and remain there until further orders. The balance of the command marched to the Wauhatchie Valley and there camped for the night, in the following order: The One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, in two lines, and at right angles with the railroad; the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, in two lines, and 20 paces in rear of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers; the Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, in two lines, and on the right of the one hundred and forty-ninth. At 11.15 p.m. the troops were summoned to arms by Lieutenant Davis, aide-de-camp to the general commanding the division, which summons was obeyed with great alacrity by officers and

