
CHAP. XLIII.

men, and after remaining some time under arms they were ordered to lie down behind their stacks with their accouterments on; the slight firing of the pickets, in our front, which occasioned the alarm, having subsided, but a short time had elapsed when it became unmistakably apparent by the sudden and continuous firing that the enemy were in close proximity to us.

The reports of the musketry alone proved the soldierly qualities of the men; they were up and in line and all empty muskets loaded, awaiting orders, when the general commanding division ordered them forward, the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers in advance and moving by the left flank, followed by the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers. The One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers were ordered to take position on the right of the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and while they, the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, were executing the order, under the immediate supervision of the general commanding the division, the enemy opened on them a terrible musketry fire. They quickly formed and returned the fire with great effect, and maintained their position throughout the entire action. The One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers were following in the rear and about 50 feet from the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, marching by the flank, when the enemy opened, which, in connection with the retrograde movements of horses belonging to orderlies, ambulances, and wagons, passing through their lines, created momentary confusion, but Lieutenant-colonel Randall, commanding One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, quickly reformed the regiment about 50 yards in the rear of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, when he, Lieutenant-Colonel Randall, received orders from Lieutenant Davis, aide-de-camp to the general commanding division, to move the regiment out and take position by the side of the wagon road, at right angles to the line of battle and lying on the railroad embankment, thereby covering our right flank. The Seventy-eighth New York volunteers were deployed in the rear and along the line of the railroad to guard against an attack on our rear.

While this disposition of he troops was being made the enemy were firing on our front and continued to do so for about half an hour. They then sent a body of troops (from prisoners captured we learned it was the Hampton Legion) around the left of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, it being unprotected, and the left of our position, with the intention of turning our flank, but two companies, G and B, of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, were thrown back at right angles with the line of battle and succeeded in repulsing the enemy, firing on them as they marched by the flank, creating confusion, in their lines, and driving them back. The enemy then moved around to our right, but our artillery, assisted by a few and effective shots from the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, drove the enemy from the field. The action, which commenced about 12.30 a.m., was at this time, 2.45 a.m., about over.

The promptness with which the Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers fell into line and took position was commendable. Although not called into action, their position was one of importance. The conduct of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers throughout the action was everything that could be desired. After

