
they had reformed and taken position they held it in fine style. The conduct of the officers and men of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers during the action was truly heroic. They took position while under a heavy musketry fire and held that position throughout the engagement. When the enemy endeavored to turn their flank, not a man wavered, but, by a steady and welldirected fire, drove the enemy back every attempt they made to charge. Before the close of the action the cartridges were all expended, but by sending to the hospital and cutting the cartridge boxes from the dead and wounded they had a supply until the close of the action. When the firing ceased there were not 200 cartridges in the regiment. Of their bravery and good conduct during the engagement I need only mention that of the whole number killed and wounded in this command, viz, 105, 90 were of this regiment alone.

Brigadier General George S. Greene was wounded in the beginning of the action and was obliged to leave the field. Previous to doing so he sent Lieutenant Knapp, commanding brigade pioneers, to inform me that I was in command of the brigade. I immediately endeavored to carry out the instructions of the general commanding division, which instructions not only saved our command from surprise and capture, but enabled us to drive the enemy from the field. When all did so well it would be wrong to individualize. Both officers and men had a full sense of their duty, and acted accordingly.

Loss in the brigade is as follows: Enlisted men killed, 16; officers wounded, 5; enlisted men wounded, 84; total loss, killed and wounded, 105. Missing, none.

Inclosed please find reports of the officers commanding the Seventy-eighth, One hundred and forty-ninth, and One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers; also a report from General G. S. Greene.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVIS IRELAND,

Colonel, Comdg. Third Brig., Second Div., Twelfth A. C.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Twelfth Army Corps.

Numbers 31.

Itinerary of the Third Brigade.*

October 1, remained at Bellaire, Ohio, all day.

October 2, were transported in cars through Columbus, Dayton, Indianapolis, Louisville, and Nashville, to Murfreesborough, Tennessee, arriving there October 6. The One hundred and thirty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers were left at Nashville, and convoyed the Eleventh Corps trains and batteries to Decherd and returned to Fosterville.

October 22, the Seventy-eighth New York Regiment was sent to guard the bridge over Stone's River. The Sixtieth, One hundred and second, and One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers remained at Murfreesborough to guard that place.

---------------

*From return for October.

---------------

9 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

