
(Colonel Wolford's brigade) in line of battle. Sent one regiment to Loudon to make a demonstration at that place to prevent Colonel Wolford's force being augmented by the forces at Loudon. I attacked him at once with the remainder of my force, numbering 1,200. After a very severe fight, with twice my number pitted against me, supported by six pieces of artillery, I succeeded in completely routing him, capturing all of his artillery (six pieces), entire wagon train, with many fire-arms and ammunition. Captured 400 prisoners.

My loss will foot up 10 killed, 68 wounded, and 70 missing.

The whole command acted very gallantly. I will report in full at the earliest opportunity.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. J. MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

P. S.-Colonel Wolford fell back in great confusion upon four regiments of infantry at Loudon. Night prevents me from pursuing him.
HEADQUARTERS MORRISON'S BRIGADE,Ballard's, October 21, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your dispatch. Have ordered the wagons, artillery, &amp;c., back as directed. I have been skirmishing with the enemy's advance this morning. They have advanced their infantry, about 3,000 strong, this side of Loudon. The last I have heard of them, their cavalry have been trying to execute a flank movement. I think it very probable that we will have to fall back nearly to Sweet Water, where there are fine natural advantages, as it would not be prudent-so Colonel Dibrell, General Vaughn, and myself have concluded-if the enemy advances, to remain here, as he was re-enforced last night by the Ninth Army Corps, of Burnside's command; so I have learned from a very reliable Southern man from Loudon this morning. I consider the information reliable. I do not think it possible to move them from Loudon without a stronger force than I have. When Mr. Ballard left Loudon the Ninth Corps was on the opposite side, but preparing to come to this side of the river. General White is in command. Loudon is not fortified yet by the enemy. I have thorough scouting parties in the neighborhood of Loudon and will push the enemy as far that way as possible. Will keep you constantly advised of their movements.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. J. MORRISON,

Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Major-General STEVENSON,

Commanding Expedition, Athens or Charleston.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Owen's, near Sweet Water, Tennessee, October 27, 1863.

MAJOR:I have the honor to report that, agreeably to instructions from General Stevenson, I succeeded in getting my entire command, numbering about 1,800 men, across Hiwassee River at and above Kencannon's Ferry by 10 o'clock on the night of the 19th instant. I immediately took up the line of march for the rear of Philadelphia,

