
[CHAP. XLIII.

October 23, the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers were transported in cars, arriving at Bridgeport, Ala., October 25. The rest of the brigade followed as fast as the cars could carry them, except the One hundred and second Regiment New York Volunteers, which went to Nashville to convoy the Second Division train.

October 27, the Seventy-eighth and One hundred and forty-ninth Regiments New York Volunteers left Bridgeport, Ala. at 9.30 a.m., and crossed the Tennessee River, and marched to Shellmound, Tennessee, arriving there at 3 p.m. During the afternoon the Sixtieth and One hundred and Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers joined us; marched 7 miles.

October 28, left Shellmound at 5.45 a.m. and marched 15 miles, and encamped within 6 miles of Chattanooga, near Wauhatchie Station. The Sixtieth New York Volunteers were left to guard a gap near Whiteside's Station. At 11 o'clock at night we were awakened by picket firing, and the troops were put under arms; but learning that it was not our pickets, the men were ordered to lie down behind their stacks. Shortly afterward our pickets were driven in, and the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers were ordered out by the left flank and had barely got into line, with their right resting on the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, when the enemy opened fire. The One hundred and forty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers followed the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, and was put into position on the right of the line and against the railroad. The Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers was held in reserve. The fight commenced near midnight, and lasted about an hour and three-quarters. The following are our losses in killed and wounded: One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, 90; One hundred and forty ninth New York Volunteers, 12; Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, 2.

Brigadier General George S. Greene, commanding the brigade, was wounded in the face, the ball passing through the upper jaw. The following officers were also wounded: Lieutenant Colonel K. S. Van Voorhis, Captain Silas Pierson, and Lieutenant Marshall J. Corbett, all of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers.

October 29 and 30, lay on the battle-field.

October 31, moved up to Raccoon Mountain and took position on the hills to the right of the Second Brigade, and commenced fortifying and slashing timber.

Numbers 32.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Herbert von Hammerstein, Seventy-eighth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-EIGHTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,November 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the report of the part which my regiment has taken in the operations of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, from the morning of the 27th till the close of the engagement the morning of the 29th of October, 1863:

