
The regiment arrived at Bridgeport at 3 o'clock on the morning of the 27th, after having been two days and two nights on the cars. At daylight, we continued our march on foot to Shellmound. After arriving there, my regiment was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Morton, chief engineer, to assist in building a pontoon bridge across the Tennessee River, at which we worked till 9 o'clock that night, fatiguing the men considerably. At daylight next morning the march was continued my regiment marching as rear guard behind the train of the division, and arrived at about 7 o'clock at a place near the railroad called Wauhatchie.

I received orders from Brigadier-General Greene to go and bivouac on the right of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, the regiment in two lines, one behind the other. At about 10.30 o'clock I was startled by perhaps a dozen shots and a weak volley of musketry. I ordered my regiment under arms loaded, and the men lay down behind the stacks awaiting orders. The firing had stopped about fifteen minutes, when it began again, this time with great energy, from a force certainly superior to our own, the bullets flying in every direction through the camps. I then received orders, through Captain Greene, assistant adjutant-general, to deploy my regiment and remain in reserve; then selected the embankment of the railroad as the best position to cover our right flank, and from where to move to the assistance of others if called for. Not being called for, the regiments in front succeeding in driving off the enemy alone, I remained in that position till about 2.30 a.m., when I was ordered by Colonel Ireland, commanding the brigade after Brigadier-General Greene was wounded, to march to a position on our extreme left, which I did. The fight had then ceased. I lost 2 men wounded, and did not fire a shot. When the alarm arrived the regiment was under arms in a minute; not a man left his post.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HAMMERSTEIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers

[Captain C. T. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.]

Numbers 33.

Report of Captain Milo B. Eldredge, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 137TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Near Lookout Mountain, Tennessee, October 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this regiment (the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers) left Bridgeport, Ala., on the 27th day of October, 1863, about 12 m. We crossed the Tennessee River, and that afternoon we marched to Shellmound Station, and there joined the brigade and camped for the night. We resumed the march at daybreak on the morning of the 28th of October, 1863, and marched to the Wauhatchie Valley, near Lookout Mountain, in sight of the enemy, and there we encamped. We were camped in two lines and at right angles with the Chattanooga road. At 11.30 p.m. we were aroused and ordered under arms, oc-

