
[CHAP. XLIII.

casioned by some picket firing on our front, but the firing ceased shortly afterward, so the men were ordered to lie down behind their stacks with their accouterments on, which they did. In about half an hour afterward we were again ordered to fall in and move out by the left flank, and take position on the left of the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which order we executed under the immediate supervision of General Geary, commanding Second Division, when the enemy opened on us. We formed as ordered, and then returned their fire with such effect that the enemy were driven back every time they attempted to advance.

The enemy, finding they could not drive us in front, sent a large force around on our left flank, which was entirely unprotected, and endeavored to turn our position, but Adjt. James E. Mix instantly threw two companies, G and B, back at right angles with our line of battle and drove them back handsomely, and when they retired he brought them forward into line. At this time our men were getting nearly out of ammunition, but, by sending to the hospital and cutting the cartridge boxes from the bodies of the dead, we were enabled to keep up a fire on the enemy until they retired; when they did so we did not have 200 cartridges in the regiment. Brigadier-General Greene having been having been wounded early in the fight, the command of the brigade devolved upon Colonel David Ireland. Lieutenant-Colonel Van Voorhis immediately assumed command of the regiment, soon after which he (Lieutenant-Colonel Van Voorhis) was wounded near the right shoulder. He, notwithstanding, continued his duties until the close of the action, which lasted from about 12.30 until about 3 a.m.

The conduct of the officers and men of this regiment during the action was splendid; they fought like men, and when the enemy opened on their left the men fired back to back, but never yielded one inch of ground. At the close of the action they were in the exact line in which they were formed. The conduct of James E. Mix (adjutant) is worthy of special mention.

This regiment lost as follows: Enlisted men killed, 15; officers wounded, 3; enlisted men wounded 72; total loss, killed and wounded 90. Missing, none.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILO B. ELDREDGE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain C. T. GREENE,

A. A. G., Third Brig., Second Div., 12th Army Corps.

Numbers 34.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles B. Randall, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 149TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Wauhatchie Valley, Tennessee, November 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the 27th and 29th days of October last:

The regiment broke camp on the morning of the 27th and moved in the rear of the Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, the men

