
[CHAP. XLIII.

glers. Owing to our sheltered position along the railroad, our loss was quite small compared to that of other regiments, being 1 man killed and an officer and 11 men wounded. About 6 a.m. my regiment was moved to a position in rear of the center of the line, and held in reserve. By direction of Colonel Ireland, commanding the brigade, I sent forward one company as skirmishers, which found large numbers of the enemy's killed and wounded, and arms in front, and which captured and sent in quite a number of prisoners.

About 8.30 a.m., by direction of the general commanding division, I sent out a scouting party, consisting of the sergeant-major and 10 men, who examined the country along the banks of a creek running along the base of Lookout Mountain for a distance of about 1 1/2 miles, to a point opposite the point of the mountain, discovering the route taken by the enemy before and after the attack, and finding several of the enemy's dead in the woods opposite the position occupied by my regiment during the action and several stand of arms,which they brought in. About 11 a.m. the regiment was detailed for picket duty, and was posted across the road leading to Kelley's Ferry, to the left and rear of our position.

While the conduct of both officers and men was so nearly unexceptionable, it would be almost impossible to discriminate between them, but I cannot forbear calling particular attention to the gallant bearing of Orderly Sergeant Truair, of company G, who was in command of his company, none of its officers being present with it. I am greatly indebted to Captain Robert E. Hopkins, acting field officer. His coolness and judgment was worthy of special commendations. His assistance to me was invaluable. Annexed is the list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. RANDALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 149th New York Volunteers.

Captain C. T. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 35.

Report of Major John A. Reynolds, First New York Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade.

Report of the movements of Battery E, Independent Pennsylvania Artillery, from Bridgeport, Ala., to Wauhatchie, and engagement of the night of October 28, 1863:

Two sections of Battery E left Bridgeport with Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, at 8 a.m. Tuesday, October 27, 1863; reached Shellmound at 1 p.m., where they camped till next morning. At 5 a.m., 28th instant, broke camp and marched to Wauhatchie, camping at 5 p.m., about one-half mile beyond the junction of the railroad on the right of Mr. Rowden's house, facing the railroad. About 11 p.m. musketry firing was heard, apparently by the pickets, on the road toward Chattanooga. The troops were called out and placed in position to repel an attack, and the battery ordered to harness. Upon investigation it was found the firing was not from the pickets of the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 76.

---------------

