
Twelfth Corps, and there being no appearance of an attack, the troops were dismissed with orders to resume their positions at once if any alarm took place. At 12 p.m. firing was again heard, the troops were called out, and I directed the battery to harness at once. By the firing, it was evident the enemy were advancing rapidly toward us, and I ordered the pieces to be run into position by hand, to cover the field to the left of the railroad. The infantry were in line about 30 or 40 yards in the front of the battery, thus preventing the use of canister. I directed the use of shrapnel, with short fuses.

The enemy at this time were apparently between 200 and 300 yards distant, and charged to the left of our front, at the same time opening their fire upon us. Their line soon extended along our front and across the railroad. On account of the darkness, their line could only be distinguished by their upon which the gunners were directed to aim, depressing their pieces as much as they could with safety to our troops in front. Some ten or fifteen minutes after the commencement of the engagement the enemy opened on our right from the woods across the railroad. Observing this, I directed one piece of Lieutenant Geary's section to be wheeled to the right in the rear of the house. Their fire now was very destructive to the battery, having an enfilade from the woods, and being also on our front and left. Lieutenant Geary soon fell mortally wounded by a ball in the fore head. Several cannoneers of this piece were also wounded. A few moments later, Captain Atwell was severely wounded, and carried from the field.

So many men having been wounded that they could with difficulty work all the pieces, I directed one piece to be run to the rear, and the men to take positions on the others. The battery kept up their fire as long as the enemy's firing made their line visible, they finally withdrawing from our left and front, and taking position behind the railroad to the left of our front, from where continued their fire. I then directed one piece to be run to a crossing of the railroad, about 150 yards to our rear, and placed in position just across the track to fire along the north side of the railroad. The fire of this piece was very effective and soon compelled the enemy to fall back. Their fire gradually slackened, and about 3 a.m. ceased entirely. With regard to the effectiveness of the fire of the battery, the same defect that usually occurs with the paper fuses was very apparent on this occasion, not more than one in four of the projectiles exploding. The casualties of the battery, owing to the enemy concentrating their fire upon it, which they were enabled to do by the flashes of the guns, and also being at one time upon three sides of it, were very great.

The men behaved nobly; too much credit cannot be given them. Although suffering the loss of both officers present, not a man, as far as I could learn, shirked his duty. All remained nobly at their posts, ready and willing to perform not only their own duties, but in addition, those of their fallen comrades.

Sergeants Shaw, Hammann, and Nichol, and Corporal Jones are deserving of mention for their coolness and courage, but Corporals Volk and Kane are deserving of special notice for their conduct, being as cool during the whole engagement as on drill, thus inspiring their men by their example. In the death of Lieutenant Geary the service has lost a brave and efficient officer, and a noble-hearted and courteous gentleman. Though young in years he possessed rare natural qualifications as an officer, and while in his death the battery

