
[CHAP. XLIII.

has suffered a loss which can with difficulty, if ever, be compensated, yet the bright example of his manly courage and devoted patriotism can never be extinguished.

The following is a list of casualties: Killed, 1 commissioned officer and 3 enlisted men; wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 17 enlisted men.

Horses killed and disabled, 35; mules, 2.

Number of rounds of ammunition expended, 224.

J. A. REYNOLDS,

Major First N. Y. Arty., Chief of Artillery, Twelfth A. C.

Numbers 36 .

Report of Brigadier General John B. Turchin, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, with itinerary of brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Brown's Ferry, Tennessee, October 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit a report of the part taken by my brigade in the expedition of the 26th instant:

The object of the expedition was to effect a landing on the left bank of the Tennessee River and to occupy the gorge at Brown's Ferry. According to instructions, my brigade was to support General Hazen's brigade, follow it across the river, and occupy the hills on the right side of the gorge.

On the morning of the 26th instant, a detail was made from the brigade of Second Lieutenant James Haddow, Thirty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, and 36 privates from each of the two regiments, all experienced boatmen, to work on the pontoons, take them to the ferry, and cross the troops. At 6.30 p.m. on the 26th instant the brigade moved from Chattanooga, crossed the Tennessee, and bivouacked in the woods near Brown's Ferry, leaving the tents and camp undisturbed. More than half of General Hazen's command was ordered to descend the river on the pontoons and effect a landing, while the remainder moved from Chattanooga an bivouacked near my brigade. The commander of the pontoons was instructed to ferry the remainder of General Hazen's brigade first, and then my brigade.

At 4.30 a.m. on the 27th, a few shots, and soon after several volleys, told us that the landing of our troops was effected. The Thirty-first Ohio, Seventeenth Ohio, and Eighty-second Indiana were the first of my brigade to cross, while the Eleventh Ohio was deployed to the right on the river bank to protect the passage. When my first regiment, the Thirty-first Ohio, reached the opposite shore they found portions of several regiments of General Hazen's command on the slope of the right hill, which was a necessary movement, because the enemy occupied both sides of the gorge. These regiments were relieved by the Thirty-first Ohio. Other regiments followed, and at 8 a.m. the whole brigade had crossed the river and occupied the position assigned to them. The expedition was successful. The portion of my command detached with Lieutenants

