
[CHAP. XLIII.

Brigade of that division, a court of inquiry is hereby ordered to assemble at the headquarters of Major General Joseph Hooker, commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, at 11 a.m. on Monday, the 25th instant, or as soon as thereafter as practicable, to investigate the circumstances which gave rise to the reflections on Major General Carl Schurz and part of his command, contained in the following extract from General Hooker's official report of the night action of Wauhatchie, dated November 6, 1863:

I regret that my duty constrains me to except any portion of my command in my commendation of their courage and valor. The brigade dispatched to the relief of Geary by orders delivered in person to its division commander, never reached him until long after the fight had ended. It is alleged that it lost its way, when it had a terrific infantry fire to guide it all the way, and also that it became involved in a swamp, where there was no swamp or other obstacle between it and Geary which should have delayed it a moment in marching to the relief of its imperiled companions;

and give an opinion as to whether the above strictures in General Hooker's report were deserved by the conduct of General Schurz, Colonel Hecker, or any part of their command during the said action.

DETAIL FOR THE COURT.

Colonel A. Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps.

Colonel G. W. Mindil, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps.

Colonel James Wood, jr., One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps.

Captain W. H. Lambert, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, recorder.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 26. Chattanooga, January 26, 1864.

* * * * * *

XXI. Colonel G. W. Mindil, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps, is relieved from duty as member of the Court of Inquiry instituted by Paragraph XI, Special Field Orders, Numbers 23., current series, from these headquarters.

Colonel P. H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Infantry, is hereby detailed as member of the Court of Inquiry above named in place of Colonel Mindil, relieved, and will report to Colonel A. Buschbeck, president of the same.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

