HDQRS. ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,January 29, 1864-11 a.m.

The Court met pursuant to the foregoing orders:

Present: Colonel A. Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Colonel James Wood, jr., One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Colonel P. H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers; Captain W. H. Lambert, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, recorder.

The orders instituting the Court having been read in the presence of Major-General Schurz and Colonel Hecker, the parties accused, they were asked whether either of them had any objection to any member of the Court as named in the order. Each of the accused answered they had no objections to any member of the Court.

The Court was duly sworn by the recorder, and the recorder was duly sworn by the president.

Colonel F. Hecker, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, Eleventh Army Corps, made objection to the Court making investigation into the command of Major-General Schurz, and of his own, in the same inquiry, and asked that the conduct of each be made the subject of separate investigation, stating that, as he had made a request for a court of inquiry, and had no legal knowledge of application for such a court by Major-General Schurz, the cases were separate ones; the orders under which Major-General Schurz and he acted were different, and he therefore objected to the instructions of the foregoing order.

The court was cleared, and after due deliberation the doors were opened, and the decision of the Court announced: That the objection of Colonel Hecker is overruled, and the Court will proceed with the investigation as ordered; but if such proceeding was subsequently deemed necessary, the Court would consider the cases separately.

The recorder here asked time be allowed him for an interview with the witnesses, and a preparation for the conduct of the case, which was granted, and the Court adjourned to meet on Monday, February 1, 1864, at 10 a.m., at headquarters Eleventh and Twelfth Corps.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,February 1, 8164-10 a.m.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Colonel A. Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Colonel James Wood, jr., One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Colonel P. H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Captain W. H. Lambert, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, recorder.

The proceeding of previous session were read.

The recorder asked leave to introduce as clerk Edward R. Wood, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York, to report the proceedings and testimony phonographically. Leave was granted and Private Wood was duly sworn to report impartially and correctly.

