
the distance to the point where I expected to strike the Philadelphia and Loudon road being 50 miles. The weather was very disagreeable and the roads were in very bad condition, rendered worse and worse every hour by the incessant showers that had been falling since I left Harrison. Men and officers bore up astonishingly under the circumstances, having in crossing the river and making the march lost two night's sleep in succession.

On arriving near Philadelphia, I communicated with Colonel Dibrell, suggesting that he had better move up and make a demonstration in the front, so that I could, without interruption and undiscovered, make the enemy's rear; and reaching Pond Creek, a point to the left of and opposite Philadelphia, I intercepted and captured a forage train and 40 prisoners. From this point I sent a party on each of the roads leading into town, with instructions to drive in the enemy's pickets and hold their positions if possible, and thus prevent his learning the direction taken by the main part of my command. I finally reached the rear of Philadelphia, after a hard march of 50 miles in fifteen hours, unobserved. I caused the telegraph wire to be cut, and sent as rapidly as possible one regiment to Loudon, a distance of 4 miles, there to make a feint and prevent General White from re-enforcing Wolford at Philadelphia with his infantry from that point. The surprise was complete and the feint on Loudon a success.

I now hastened on to Philadelphia, a distance of 2 miles, and soon had a view of the enemy's line of battle, whereupon I dismounted my men and commenced the attack, Colonel Dibrell having opened an artillery duel in the front some time before. The enemy, on discovering me in their rear, at once turned their whole force, with six pieces of artillery, against my command, which was now reduced to about 1,000 men. Afterward ensued one of the hardest cavalry fights of the war, both sides struggling vigorously for the mastery. I was made to fall back twice, but with little effort each time rallied my men and soon had the enemy completely routed and fleeing in confusion toward Loudon, capturing their artillery (six pieces), wagon train, ambulances, stores, and between 500 and 700 prisoners. A portion of the latter was captured by Colonel Dibrell's command.

The officers and men of my command conducted themselves handsomely from the commencement of the march to the rout of the enemy at Philadelphia, but credit is especially due to Colonel Hart, of the Sixth Georgia; Colonel Rice, of the Third Confederate, and Colonel Harper, of the First Georgia Cavalry, who lost a leg while leading his men in a gallant charge. Colonels Rice and Hart occupied the left, and nobly did each do his duty. From an intrepid charge on the enemy's rear, his artillery, wagons, and stores, with most of the prisoners, fell into their hands.

Lieutenant George Yoe, Captain Davison Lamar, and Adjt. John W. Tench, acting on my staff, have my thanks for their assistance, efficiency, and gallantry on the field.

Although the victory was complete, the fruits of it fell short far of what they would have reached if I had had the prompt co-operation of the forces in front.

The casualties in my command are 14 killed, 82 wounded. Those of the enemy much larger.

J. J. MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

