
 [CHAP. XLIII.
Major-General Schurz asked leave to introduce as counsel for himself, Major F. C. Winkler, Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, which was granted.

The examination of witnesses was then commenced.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER, commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps, a witness for the prosecution, was duly sworn.

By the RECORDER:

Question. Are the world quoted in Paragraph XI, Special Field Orders, Numbers 23. headquarters Department of the Cumberland, as a part of your official report of the night action of Wauhatchie, the words used by you in that report?

Answer. I believe they are.

Question. What division is alluded to in the report?

Answer. The division of General Schurz.

Question. Was General Schurz then in command of the division?

Answer. He was.

Question. What orders were given by you to the division commander?

Answer. To double-quick his division to the relief of General Geary. I gave the order to General Schurz direct, and sent word to General Howard, for the attack was a sudden one, and no time was to be lost.

Question. Can you remember at what time these orders were given?

Answer. I can only approximate to the time. I think it was between 12 and 1 o'clock.

Question. What was the distance between the division of General Schurz and General Geary?

Answer. About 2 miles.

Question. What was the nature of the country between the division and General Geary?

Answer. There was some mud, but there was nothing that impeded our march as we came up.

Question. Were any other orders given to the commander of the division, or to the commanders of the brigades than those first alluded to?

Answer. I had nothing to do with brigades. I gave no other orders to brigades. Orders were given for one brigade of that division to be sent to the hill now known as the Tyndale Hill.

Question. Do you know how soon after you gave the first order to the division, the division started?

Answer. Soon after.

Question. What was the nature of the firing?

Answer. It was severe; it satisfied me that it was the determination of the rebels to whip Geary.

Question. Was any portion of the enemy between General Geary and General Schurz?

Answer. Some at the left of his (Schurz's) line of march.

