
[CHAP. XLIII.

Question. At what particular stage of the battle was it when you saw Colonel Hecker?

Answer. It was immediately after riding back from the column at the head of which were General Howard and General Schurz after the fire had been thrown upon it. I had been on the left between the column and the hill from which the firing came.

Question. Do you recognize this letter (Appendix A) as a correct copy of a letter you addressed officially to Brigadier-General Whipple, assistant adjutant-general of the Army of the Cumberland?

Answer. This is my letter.

Question. Do you consider the statements contained in that letter correct in every particular?

Answer. I do. I made them under the impression that they were correct.

Question. You say in that letter that you were informed that Colonel Hecker's brigade was in its position by order of Major-General Howard. What had been your orders to General Howard?

Answer. General Howard was immediately advised of the orders give to General Schurz. After that, the order was given to General Howard to dispatch a brigade to the hill on the left.

Question. By whom [was the order] to take the hill on the left with Tyndale's brigade sent?

Answer. According to my recollection, by one of my staff officers.

Question. Did you see or hear anything of the Second Brigade of General Schurz's division being behind at the time you saw Colonel Hecker, or afterward?

Answer. I only saw what I took to be Colonel Hecker's brigade of that division. If I had supposed there were two brigades behind I should have ordered them, irrespective of General Howard's orders, to the relief of General Geary.

Question. When and where was it that you gave General Schurz the order relating to the movement to the relief of General Geary?

Answer. It was very near where General Schurz was encamped, and was after the attack on Geary.

By the COURT:

Question. What troops led the column advancing to the aid of General Geary?

Answer. General Tyndale's.

Captain JOSEPH B. GREENHUT, acting assistant adjutant-general, Third Brigade, Third Division, Eleventh Army Corps, a witness for the accused, was duly sworn.

By General SCHURZ:

Question. State what you know of the movements of your brigade on the night of the 28th and 29th of October, 1863.

Answer. Captain Spraul, aide-de-camp on General Schurz's staff, ordered Colonel Hecker to form his brigade on the road. Colonel Hecker gave me instructions to form the brigade. I went down and as I came to the road Lieutenant-Colonel Otto, chief of staff, inquired of me what I was going to do there. I informed him that I had received instructions to form the brigade on the road. He then informed me that the brigade was not to be formed on the road, but was to move forward with the other brigade where the firing was heard. I informed Colonel Hecker of the fact, and he ordered the brigade forward. After marching for some time the column in front halted. We were marching very nearly parallel to the Second Brigade of the Third Division. When the column halted we were very near the

