
hill up which the Thirty-third Massachusetts charged. After the column halted Colonel Hecker sent me forward to inquire the cause. As I came to the head of the Second Brigade I inquired of Captain Orlemann where Major-General Schurz was. He told me that he went forward with the First Brigade. I inquired of him if he had received orders that the Second Brigade was to halt there. He told me that he had. He did not inform me by whom he had received orders. I went back and informed Colonel Hecker of the fact that the Second Brigade had orders to halt, and that the First Brigade had moved forward with General Schurz. Colonel Hecker told me that he had received no orders to halt, and that he should push forward until he had. Accordingly we marched past the Second Brigade. After we had marched 100 yards beyond the Second Brigade, Major Howard came up and informed Colonel Hecker that he should march up to the cross-roads and halt there. As we came up to the cross-roads Major-General Hooker and staff were standing in the road. On seeing up approach General Hooker turned around and inquired what troops these were. Colonel Hecker replied that they were the Third Brigade, Third Division, Eleventh Corps. Upon which General Hooker inquired where General Schurz was. Colonel Hecker informed him that he must be somewhere in the front, as one of his aides who had been wounded had been carried to the rear a few minutes ago. He asked him what troops those were in the rear of him. Colonel Hecker replied they were the Second Brigade, Third Division. After standing on the road about fifteen minutes there was a volley fired down from the hill. General Hooker ordered Colonel Hecker to form his brigade in such a manner as to be able to form a line of battle either to the right or to the front, concluding with the words "stay here;" then rode off in the direction of the Second Brigade. We formed there as indicated by General Hooker, and remained somewhere in the neighborhood of an hour. During this time I saw General Hooker and staff standing in front of the Second Brigade. After we had been there very nearly an hour, I saw General Schurz and staff come from the front and proceed to where General Hooker was standing in front of the Second Brigade. In a short time General Schurz came back, and ordered Colonel Hecker to move forward. This was about 4 or 5 o'clock. It was long after Geary's firing had ceased; there was but little firing after we had taken the position indicated by General Hooker. We marched forward; General Schurz was at the head of our column till we reached the position which the First Brigade then occupied. General Schurz then ordered us to halt, and went to get another regiment for support. He said our brigade was too small;it was here that I hear General Schurz inform Colonel Hecker that we should have to move forward and form a junction with General Geary. After waiting a few moments the One hundred and nineteenth New York, Colonel Lockman, came up. He had but very few men, as he stated that the greater part of the regiment were on picket and could not be relieved. I then heard General Schurz order the One hundred and nineteenth to go back, and order one of his aides to go and order the One hundred and forty-first New York up, which came with little delay. During this time we made arrangements with the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers to move forward in the gap and cover it, that we might have our flanks protected. Immediately after the One hundred and forty-first came up we flanks protected. Immediately after the One hundred and forty-first came up we moved forward in the direction of Geary. The Seventy-fifth moved into the gap shortly before we started. We marched and did not stop on the road until we reached General Geary's position. As soon as we arrived there Colonel Hecker reported to General Geary, and we were ordered to relieve one or two of his regiments alongside the railroad and occupy their position.

Question. How long did the firing continue at Geary?

Answer. It was at intervals when I heard it. I should think front half to three-quarters of an hour.

Question. Where did General Hooker go when he left you, after having given orders to the Third Brigade?

Answer. He went in front of the position that the Second Brigade occupied in the field, right in our front and our left.

Question. Did you see General Hooker remain with the Second Brigade any length of time?

Answer. Yes, sir; he was there the whole time that we occupied the position to which he ordered us.

Question. How much time did it take you to reach Geary after you had received the order to march?

Answer. Not more than twenty minutes.

