
[CHAP. XLIII.

Question. At what time did you reach Geary's position?

Answer. Just at daybreak.

Question. Did you see whether the Second Brigade, after you were halted, was formed from the column of a march into line of battle?

Answer. They were massed in a field to our front and left.

Question. When you first started did you see the First Brigade?

Answer. I could not be positive. I saw troops marching. I did not know to what commands they belonged.

By the RECORDER:

Question. About what time did the column commence moving?

Answer. About 1 o'clock. I cannot positively recollect.

Question. Were any of General Hooker's staff present at the conversation between General Hooker and Colonel Hecker?

Answer. There were four or five of General Hooker's staff present.

Question. Did Major Howard or any other member of General Howard's staff give you any orders whilst you were waiting at the cross-roads?

Answer. He did not.

Question. Between the time you first commenced moving and the time you reached General Geary did you receive any order from any commander other than General Hooker?

Answer. I did not, except the order from Major Howard, which I supposed was from General Howard, which order was subsequently confirmed by an order from General Hooker.

By General SCHURZ:

Question. Did General Hooker give you any order personally?

Answer. "Tell Colonel Hecker to form his brigade in such a manner that he can form them to the right or to the front."

Question. When you halted was the Second Brigade moving ahead?

Answer. I believe it was.

Question. Where did you see Colonel Otto?

Answer. As soon as I got down on the road.

Question. When did the first volley come from the hill?

Answer. After we were standing at the cross-roads.

Question. Did you know that that was the Second Brigade on your left?

Answer. Yes; I knew it before.

By the COURT:

Question. Where were you encamped that night?

Answer. In the rear, and to the right of General Howard's headquarters.

Question. Before Captain Spraul came were the regiments in line?

Answer. They were not under arms, but ready to take arms.

Question. After you received orders from Captain Spraul, which way did you march?

Answer. We marched directly toward Wauhatchie road.

