
Question. Did any other troops move ahead with you?

Answer. The Second Brigade moved about the same time we did, the length of three regiments ahead.

Question. How long after you got on to the road before you were ordered to move forward?

Answer. Not more than two or three minutes.

Question. Were the roads blocked up by troops passing?

Answer. They were, but we marched in the fields and had no interruption until we got to where the Second Brigade was halted.

Question. Did you know whether the troops of General Steinwehr moved ahead of you?

Answer. I did not know.

Question. Did you hear that night that the Thirty-third Massachusetts Volunteers had stormed the hill?

Answer. Yes, sir; I heard it from one of General Hooker's aides.

Question. When you got up to the cross-roads, did you see General Steinwehr?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you hear that night that troops trying to take the hill had been repulsed at first?

Answer. I did, but not officially.

The Court than adjourned to meet at headquarters Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, or, if permission were obtained, at headquarters Eleventh Corps, on Tuesday, February 2, 1864, at 9 a.m.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,February 2, 1864-9 a.m.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment, permission having been obtained from headquarters Department of the Cumberland to assemble at headquarters Eleventh Corps.

Present: Colonel A. Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding Second Division, Eleventh Corps; Colonel James Wood, jr., One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Corps; Colonel P. H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Corps; Captain W. H. Lambert, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, recorder.

The proceedings of previous sessions were read.

Major CHARLES H. HOWARD, aide-de-camp, General Howard's staff, a witness for the accused, was duly sworn.

By General SCHURZ:

Question. Did you see Colonel Hecker on the field on the night of the battle of Wauhatchie?

Answer. I did.

Question. Where did you see him, and where did you come from when you met him?

Answer. I first saw Colonel Hecker between General Howard's headquarters, where they were that night, and the hill now known as Smith's Hill. I had come from carrying an order to General Steinwehr, and passed Colonel Hecker's column.

10 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

