
[CHAP. XLIII.

Question. Was Colonel Hecker's column then marching?

Answer. It was.

Question. State where you saw Colonel Hecker going.

Answer. I met Colonel Hecker and staff going, after I had joined General Howard at the angle where the road makes a right angle toward the Smith Hill, at about I think, rather less than a quarter of a mile back, and as I was returning with an order to Colonel Buschbeck from General Howard.

Question. Did you see Colonel Hecker going, and what was your conversation with him?

Answer. I saw Colonel Hecker going, on returning from carrying the order to Colonel Buschbeck, and had some conversation either with him personally or with his staff with regard to where General Howard was, and pointed out where I had left him. Either Colonel Hecker or some one of his staff said he had been unable to find General Howard where I had previously pointed him out. I think I expressed some surprise that General Howard was not to be found there at the point previously mentioned, and immediately rode forward to that place and found there General Hooker and staff. Some member of General Hooker's staff informed me that General Howard had gone forward to join General Schurz.

Question. When did General Hooker arrive on the spot, and what was said then?

Answer. General Hooker was standing near where I had left General Howard. I went forward to General Hooker. Colonel Hecker joined us almost on the identical spot which was just at the angle where the main road turns toward the Smith Hill. General Hooker spoke to Colonel Hecker, recognizing him, and to further conversation I did not listed.

Question. Did you refer Colonel Hecker to General Hooker in regard to the order to stop as soon as General Hooker and Colonel Hecker met?

Answer. It is my impression, very vivid, that I did mention to Colonel Hecker that "here is General Hooker" the third time meeting him.

Question. Did Colonel Hecker stop his column before you met him?

Answer. I think that I have stated, and I will repeat, that on meeting Colonel Hecker each time his column was in motion.

Question. Did you see General Schurz on the field?

Answer. I met General Schurz afterward, near the hill now known as the Tyndale Hill, after the meeting of Colonel Hecker and General Hooker.

Question. Did you report to General Schurz the fact that Colonel Hecker's brigade was stopped, and was under instructions from General Hooker?

Answer. It is my impression that I reported to General Schurz, on meeting him, that Colonel Hecker's brigade was stopped, and in the presence of General Hooker. I might have said that he had received instructions from General Hooker.

Question. Do you remember the nature of the ground at that time between the place where General Hooker and Colonel Hecker met, and the hill now known as the Tyndale Hill?

Answer. Considerable of the ground was wet and swampy at that time.

Question. Did you not, when riding over it, find considerable difficulty in passing on horseback?

Answer. I found some difficulty in several places.

By Colonel HECKER:

Question. Who said that General Howard was not to be found?

Answer. I cannot state with certainty whether it was Colonel Hecker or some one of his staff.

