
OCTOBER 20, 1863.-Skirmish at Warm Springs, N. C.

Reports of Brigadier General Orlando B. Willcox, U. S. Army.

GREENEVILLE, Tennessee, October 20, 1863.

GENERAL: The rebels made a fresh attack on Warm Springs this morning at daylight, and were repulsed after a skirmish of two hours; 1 killed and 5 wounded on our side. Adjutant Grace, Second North Carolina Infantry, supposed to be captured.

Last night our men captured a picket of 10 men on the Marshall road. Colonel Smith still calls for arms, and asks for re-enforcements.

The attack was made on Spring Creek road. Do you wish any more troops sent there?

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

General BURNSIDE.

OCTOBER 20, 1863.-Reconnaissance from Bridgeport toward Trenton, Ala.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward S. Salomon, Eighty-second Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, October 20, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to orders, I left Long Island at 12 o'clock to-day with 180 men of the Eighty-second Illinois, Forty-fifth New York, One hundred and forty-third New York, on a reconnaissance to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy. We marched on the Moore Gap road toward Trenton. On the road I obtained the information from several citizens that two brigades rebel cavalry were stationed at Trenton, and that small squads of this cavalry were infesting the mountains.

At the top of the mountain my advance noticed a vedette of the enemy, who, after firing at my men, turned his horse and fled. I deployed some men as skirmishers, throwing them out to the right, left, and front, and captured 1. I then pushed forward as rapidly as the bad mountain road and heavy rain allowed, and after considerable skirmishing along the road we captured 2 more; we were then about 8 miles from Bridgeport and 9 miles from Trenton. After a careful and separate examination of the prisoners and a citizen named Potts, I found that the rest of the rebel cavalry company which had been out there had fallen back on Trenton, and as it was getting dark, and on account of the bad roads and weather it was impossible for me to push on any farther, I considered it best to return to camp, which I did. I also captured 3 horses and the arms of the prisoners.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,EDWARD S. SALOMON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers

Lieutenant-Colonel MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

