
[CHAP. XLIII.

General Geary, and I told him that I thought he had better join General Geary. He said there was a line of battle in front of him. The firing still continued. I told him to take the hill.

Question. Did you know what troops General Schurz had at that time with him?

Answer. I presumed he had another brigade immediately behind him, but General Schurz told me at the time that he had only one brigade there. I had heard an order issued previously-I think it was to General Howard-to move two brigades up there. I did not receive the order myself.

Question. Did you not ask General Schurz if he had no troops to push through to Geary; whether he could not send an orderly there?

Answer. Yes; I asked him if he could not communicate with Geary. I think he asked how. I said by an orderly. He replied that he had no orderly that he could trust.

Question. Was there firing in front at the time that conversation occurred?

Answer. There was firing from the hill; there was no firing in front; the firing was from the Wauhatchie side of the hill; it was in an oblique direction toward the railroad, as far as I could judge.

Question. Was there any firing at Geary's at that time?

Answer. The firing at Geary's at that time had almost ceased. So far as I can remember, there was not much firing at Geary's at that time.

Question. When did you inform General Hooker of General Schurz taking possession of Tyndale's Hill?

Answer. It was very shortly after my conversation with General Schurz. It was about the time Smith's Hill was taken; I do not know the exact hour.

Question. What did you tell General Hooker concerning the movements of the troops which were with General Schurz?

Answer. I told General Hooker that General Schurz occupied that hill, and that skirmishers had been thrown forward.

Question. Did you inform General Hooker that General Schurz had only one brigade with him?

Answer. No; I did not.

Question. Where was General Hooker when you rejoined him?

Answer. He was at the foot of Smith's Hill, near the house where his headquarters were afterward during the day.

Question. What did General Hooker say upon receiving that information?

Answer. I do not remember that he said anything.

Question. Did you carry any orders to brigade commanders that night?

Answer. I did not.

By the RECORDER:

Question. Where was it that the troops of General Schurz lost the road?

Answer. The troops were fired upon from Smith's Hill. They fronted, and returned the fire. I gave the order to cease firing, that we were firing upon our own men. Edging toward the right, the troops got off the road; they halted; the skirmishers found difficulty in going through the woods and thick underbrush. When the column halted I went to look for the road; found it, and reported to General Schurz and directed him to the road.

