
Question. How long did these troops halt there?

Answer. I do not think over or six minutes; perhaps not so long.

Question. Do you know what particular troops of Schurz's division were with him then?

Answer. I have heard the Forty-fifth Regiment. I think it was Tyndale's brigade.

Question. When you left General Schurz on the hill, what was the nature of the line of battle in his front?

Answer. I do not know. I only heard General Schurz say there was a line of battle. I think it was at right angles to the road.

By General SCHURZ:

Question. Did I say there was a line of battle or that it was reported there was a line of battle?

Answer. I am not certain whether General Schurz said there was a line of battle or that it was reported that there was a line of battle.

Question. To whom did you give that order to cease firing?

Answer. I gave it generally in as loud a voice as I could command.

Question. Were many shots fired from the column in reply to shots from the hill?

Answer. I think there were; the whole line fronted.

Question. Did you see General Howard with General Schurz at the time?

Answer. No; I did not. He had gone forward. I had seen General Howard previously.

By the COURT:

Question. At the time you carried General Hooker's order to General Schurz, what was the order?

Answer. It was to get his division or brigade under arms and occupy the hill, and put one brigade on the hill.

Question. Where was General Schurz at this time?

Answer. He was close to General Howard's headquarters in an ambulance.

Question. Do you know that General Hooker at any time had an interview with General Schurz?

Answer. I am not certain that he had.

Question. After you led the troops on to the road, did you meet with any impediment which hindered them from going to Tyndale's?

Answer. There was only that firing which I have mentioned before, which was very slight.

After the examination of Lieutenant Oliver, the Court took a recess for an hour and a half.

2.30 p.m.

Court reassembled.

Report of testimony of Major Howard was read in his hearing. Court adjourned to meet at same place at 9 a.m. Wednesday, 3rd instant.

