
ported to General Geary, who seemed highly gratified at our arrival. We took position along the railroad to the right of his lines.

Question. How was the Second Brigade formed when you (after your having been ordered by Colonel Hecker to look for it) found it on your left?

Answer. I found it in column, halted by the right flank.

By Colonel HECKER:

Question. Did you hear much firing in the direction of Geary's at the time when you were stopped at the cross-roads near Smith's Hill?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. When and where did Colonel Hecker receive for the first time the order to march to join General Geary?

Answer. In front or opposite the Tyndale Hill after we had dispatched the Seventy-fifth Regiment that I heard it.

Question. By whom was Colonel Hecker detained to wait for the coming back of the patrol?

Answer. By Colonel Otto and by General Schurz himself.

Question. How long was Colonel Hecker detained?

Answer. Not very long; I should think about ten minutes.

Question. Had this brigade before halted by Major Howard received any orders on the march?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Do you mean to say it was for patrol that Colonel Hecker was kept waiting for about ten minutes?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did Colonel Hecker wait at all after the One hundred and forty-first New York joined you?

Answer. No; I do not think he did.

By the RECORDER:

Question. Did you hear Major Howard give the order to Colonel Hecker to go on to the cross-roads and halt there?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you remember in what words these orders were given?

Answer. "March down to the cross-roads and halt there." These words I heard distinctly.

Question. From whom did your brigade the order to go to the relief of General Geary?

Answer. From General Schurz.

Question. Was there any firing going on when you were halted waiting for the patrol?

Answer. There was no firing.

Question. Was there any firing when you reported to General Geary?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. About what time did you report to General Geary?

