
First Lieutenant ALBERT KRAMER, acting aide-de-camp on Colonel Hecker's staff, a witness for the accused, was duly sworn.

By General SCHURZ:

Question. Did you accompany Colonel Hecker during the night of the engagement of Wauhatchie?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you remember how Colonel Hecker's column was stopped on its march to the front?

Answer. Yes, sir; when we were marching in the direction of Wauhatchie, Major Howard came and gave us the order to stop at the cross-roads. At the same time General Hooker came up and had some conversation with Colonel Hecker.

Question. Do you remember the conversation between General Hooker and Colonel Hecker?

Answer. He asked, "What troops are these?" Colonel Hecker said the Third Brigade, Third Division. He then asked where Schurz was. Colonel Hecker said, "He is in the front, one of his aides is wounded. He then asked, "Where is the Second Brigade?" Colonel Hecker showed him the place in the field, and then, before he went away, he said, "You stay here." Colonel Hecker said, "Certainly." General Hooker rode away at the same time that a volley came from the hill. General Hooker gave us instruction so that we might change our front, if necessary, toward Wauhatchie.

Question. Where did General Hooker ride to when he left you?

Answer. He rode to the Second Brigade, Third Division.

Question. Did you see where the Second Brigade, Third Division was?

Answer. Yes, sir; about 100 or 150 yards from us on the left in front of the brigade.

Question. Did you see General Hooker near the Second Brigade, Third Division, after he had left you?

Answer. Yes; I saw him there. I believe he was dismounted there in front of the Second Brigade.

Question. How long did your brigade stop at the cross-roads?

Answer. About twenty-five minutes or half an hour.

Question. How long did it take to throw down the fences and form the troops in line of battle?

Answer. It was very quick; about five minutes.

Question. By whom was the brigade ordered forward from the cross-roads?

Answer. When I came back General Schurz was there, and he took our brigade forward to Tyndale's brigade.

Question. Did you find General Schurz with Colonel Hecker, or with General Hooker?

Answer. I found General Schurz with Colonel Hecker.

Question. State what happened after General Schurz had ordered the brigade forward.

Answer. When we arrived at General Tyndale's brigade, General Schurz gave an order to send a regiment on that hill, and Colonel Hecker sent the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania, and after a while we received orders to march and connect with General Geary.

