
[CHAP. XLIII.

Question. Was there any firing at Geary's at the time when the advance brigade arrived at Tyndale's Hill?

Answer. I think the firing ended just about the time the brigade reached there.

Question. Do you think the troops could have marched much quicker over the ground from where you met them going to Tyndale's Hill, as it then was?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you notice when General Schurz rode back from Tyndale's Hill?

Answer. I knew that he went back, but I do not particularly know when he left.

Question. Do you remember when General Schurz returned to Tyndale's Hill with Colonel Hecker, and what then happened?

Answer. I remember that colonel Hecker and his brigade arrived there, but I do not remember about General Schurz.

Question. Did you accompany Colonel Hecker to Wauhatchie?

Answer. I did.

Question. How long a time elapsed from the moment when the advance brigade took Tyndale's Hill to the moment when Colonel Hecker arrived?

Answer. I could not say, sir; it was pretty long.

Question. State under what circumstances Colonel Hecker's brigade started from Tyndale' Hill, and whether it was detained on the march.

Answer. As near as I can remember, after the brigade arrived there some patrols were sent out in front, and after they returned finding nothing in front of them, the brigade moved forward to General Geary. There was no halt on the route there.

Answer. I cannot state where the patrols went; I think to the front. I think patrols were sent before Colonel Hecker arrived, and one or two afterward.

By Colonel HECKER:

Question. Who had sent out the patrol?

Answer. I do not know, sir.

Cross-examination of Captain Stinson postponed until next session.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,February 4, 1964-10 a.m.

Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Colonel A. Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania, commanding Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Colonel J. Wood, jr., One hundred and thirty-sixth New York, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Colonel P. H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York, commanding First Brigade, Second Division. Eleventh Army Corps; Captain W. H. Lambert, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, recorder.

Proceedings of previous session read.

Testimony of Captain Stinson read in his hearing.

