
Cross-examination of Captain STINSON:

By the RECORDER:

Question. Do you know about what time Colonel Hecker's column reached General Geary?

Answer. Just about dawn. I think it was about 5 o'clock.

Question. Did you see anything of the Second Brigade, Third Division, that night?

Answer. I don't remember having noticed it.

Question. Was Colonel Hecker's column detained by any swampy place in the grounds over which it marched?

Answer. It was not detained by any swampy place while I was with it.

Question. About how long was Colonel Hecker's column in marching from near Tyndale's to where it joined General Geary?

Answer. I cannot tell exactly; I think about twenty minutes.

Question. Was there any firing going on in the direction of Geary's position whilst you were marching toward him?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Can you tell how long it was since the firing in the front has cease?

Answer. I cannot.

By the COURT:

Question. Were you charged by General Howard with the delivery of any orders to General Schurz?

Answer. When I left General Howard for the last time he told me to go and see that they moved forward rapidly toward General Geary. I gave the order to General Schurz in General Howard's name, that he should push forward as rapidly as possible toward General Geary, or words to that effect.

Question. Do you know whether told me that order was countermanded or modified in any way?

Answer. Only by what General Schurz told me that he had been ordered by General Hooker to take the hill on the left.

Question. Did you see Lieutenant Oliver, of General Hooker's staff, while on the march?

Answer. I did.

Question. Did he, to your knowledge, deliver any order from General Hooker to General Schurz?

Answer. I did not hear Lieutenant Oliver any order from General Hooker to General Schurz.

Question. Where were you during the time that elapsed after General Schurz went back, until Colonel Hecker arrive with his brigade?

Answer. I was at the foot of Tyndale's Hill, with the exception of about fifteen minutes that I rode to the rear and back.

Question. Did you notice any movement of the enemy during that time?

Answer. There were a few shots from the front. I do not remember whether the hill was taken by Colonel Smith during that time or not.

