
Question. Where was General Schurz at the time, and what was he doing?

Answer. At the time he had just moved to the head of the column and was urging the men forward.

Question. State what happened afterward.

Answer. The brigade marched on the what is known as Tyndayle's Hill, and just before arriving there an aide of General Hooker came up and brought General Schurz the order that it would be necessary to take that hill by all means.

Question. Did you see Captain Orlemann of Colonel Krzyzanowski's staff, on that field?

Answer. I saw him at the time that he brought the report to General Schurz that the Second Brigade had been stopped by orders from General Hooker, and had been ordered to Chattanooga.

Question. Did you accompany General Schurz from Tyndale's Hill back, and where did you go with him?

Answer. I did; I accompanied him back to where we found General Hooker.

Question. Where did you find General Hooker?

Answer. We found General Hooker near the farm-house at the foot of Smith's Hill.

Question. Do you remember anything of the conversation that took place there?

Answer. I do. General Hooker asked General Schurz why he had not pushed through with that brigade to General Geary, upon which General Schurz told him that one of General Hooker's aides had given him the order to take the Tyndale Hill and that he had no other troops with him. General Hooker told him he had given him the order in person to march through, and at the time did not seem to acknowledge this order of his aide's.

Question. Did you see Colonel Krzyzanowski at the time?

Answer. I did; Colonel Krzyzanowski was about 10 paces from General Hooker.

Question. State what then happened.

Answer. General Schurz then asked General Hooker if he could now have his two brigades and then march the two brigades toward Tyndale's Hill.

Question. Do you remember what disposition was made of Colonel Krzyzanowski's brigade?

Answer. It was halted at the gap between Smith's Tyndale's Hills, the whole of it with the exception of one or two regiments which accompanied the Third Brigade.

Question. Do you remember what condition the brigade was in as to strength?

Answer. I am not positive, but I think one-half the picket details had been thrown upon it, amounting to about 150 men.

Question. Can you state about when and where Captain Orlemann reported to General Schurz that the Second Brigade was kept back?

Answer. I think it was a little after this aide of General Hooker had brought the order to take Tyndale's Hill.

By Colonel HECKER:

Question. Were you present when Colonel Hecker was ordered to join General Geary, and when was this?

Answer. Yes, sir; I think it was at the foot of the Tyndale Hill. I cannot state the time exactly, but it was some time after the hill had been taken.

Question. Was the order executed immediately?

