
CHAP. XLIII.]

Answer. I think it was after some skirmishers had been thrown out to test the strength of the enemy.

Question. Were patrols sent out; by whom; of what regiment, and where?

Answer. Patrols had previously been sent out from the Firs Brigade, One hundred and forty-third New York, by order of General Schurz. They were first sent off to the left of the road, as it had been reported there was a column of the enemy to the right, they were afterward sent in that direction.

Question. Was there any firing in the direction of Geary's when the Third Brigade arrived at Tyndale's Hill?

Answer. It is my impression there was not.

By the RECORDER:

Question. Did you carry any orders to the Second Brigade before the First Brigade was fire upon from Tyndale's Hill?

Answer. I did not.

Question. After General Schurz had brought up the Second and Third Brigades, who gave an order for the Second Brigade to halt?

Answer. It was an order from General Schurz.

Question. How fast did the First Brigade march?

Answer. They marched a great part of the way at the double-quick until they became entangled in a marsh.

Question. How long were they detained by the marsh?

Answer. But a few minutes; they immediately filed out to the road.

Question. Was there any firing going on in the direction of General Geary's at the time that the First Brigade reached Tyndale's Hill?

Answer. It is my impression there was.

Question. How strong was the Second Brigade before the detachments were made?

Answer. I think it numbered about a thousand men.

Question. Which regiment was the largest of that brigade?

Answer. The One hundred and forty-first.

Question. What was its strength?

Answer. Some 350 men.

Question. Did you hear General Hooker give General Schurz any orders after he had returned from the head of his brigade?

Answer. I heard him give the order to push through now with all speed.

Question. After General Schurz had asked him if he could now have his two brigades, do you remember the language used by General Hooker in giving the order to General Schurz?

Answer. No, sir; I do not remember the words.

Question. How near each other were the Second And Third Brigades when you came up with General Schurz?

Answer. They were within 50 yards of each other, and drawn up, I think, in line of battle, and the Second Brigade was facing perpendicularly to the Third.

Question. How near to the Second Brigade was General Hooker?

Answer. Some 30 or 40 yards.

