
By the COURT:

Question. What member of General Hooker's staff was it that brought the order to General Schurz to take Tyndale's Hill?

Answer. I cannot say. I was not acquainted with the members of General Hooker's staff, and, besides, it was somewhat dark, and I could not distinguish features.

Question. Do you know Lieutenant Oliver?

Answer. I know him now: I do not know him then.

Question. Do you now know that he was the staff officer that came there?

Answer. I know if from having heard that it was. I cannot identify him.

Question. State the whole conversation that occurred between General Hooker and General Schurz at the time they met as you have stated, in the order in which it occurred.

Answer. General Hooker asked General Schurz why he had not pushed through with the brigade with him to General Geary. General Schurz told him that one of General Hooker's aides had halted him at the foot of Tyndale's Hill, and brought him the order to take that hill. General Hooker then told him that he had given him the order in person to push through to General Geary. General Schurz then asked him whether he could now have his two brigades. General Hooker told him to take them and push through with all speed. That is all that I remember.

Question. What did General Hooker say, if anything, about the order carried to General Schurz by the staff officer to attack the Tyndale Hill?

Answer. From his conversation he seemed to ignore that order entirely.

Question. What did he say, if anything, about the two brigades being halted where they were?

Answer. I did not hear him say anything.

Question. At the time the First Brigade halted at the foot of Tyndale's Hill did you hear anything about a line of battle being in front of you?

Answer. I do not recollect.

Question. How long a space of time did it occupy in taking the Tyndale Hill by the First Brigade?

Answer. I do not recollect.

Question. How long a space of time did it occupy in taking the Tyndale Hill by the First Brigade?

Answer. I think it was about an hour. The crest of the hill was gained in about fifteen minutes; there were still rebels on the other slope of the hill.

Question. Do you recollect the language used by Lieutenant Oliver when he ordered him to take the hill?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Was it a direct order given by authority of General Hooker, or was it a suggestion of his own?

Answer. I think it was a direct order.

Question. You say that Lieutenant Oliver brought the order to General Schurz to take the Tyndale Hill with that brigade. What was the language used by Lieutenant Oliver in conveying that order to General Schurz?

Answer. I cannot give the exact words, but the spirit of it was that he should take the hill with that brigade.

Question. Was the order communicated by Lieutenant Oliver a

