
By the RECORDER:

Question. Had General Howard previously, to your knowledge, given any orders to General Schurz or any part of his command?

Answer. I do not know any order previous to that, as I was not with General Howard until his return from General Geary.

Question. Was Colonel Hecker's column or brigade in motion at the time you carried the order to General Schurz?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. Where was General Schurz at the time you communicated the order, and what troops were with him?

Answer. General Schurz was at the foot and west of the Tyndale Hill, on the road to Wauhatchie. I cannot say what troops were with him.

Question. Do you know how far Colonel Hecker's brigade had marched toward General Geary when you gave the order to General Schurz; whether it had reached him or not at the time?

Answer. To my knowledge, General Schurz had received no report from Colonel Hecker that he had arrived at General Geary's but a few minutes after I returned to General Howard, who was at General Hooker's headquarters, and aide-de-camp of General Schurz, or of Colonel Hecker, reported that communication had been opened with General Geary.

Question. Do you know whether Colonel Hecker had been already re-enforced from the Second Brigade at the time of delivering the order from General Howard to General Schurz?

Answer. General Schurz informed me that colonel Hecker had been re-enforce by a part of Colonel Krzyzanowski's brigade, naming the troops, which I do not remember.

Question. Was there any firing going on in any quarter when you gave the order from General Howard to General Schurz?

Answer. None except stray shots.

By the COURT:

Question. After the firing commenced, and until you joined General Howard, after his return from General Geary, where were you?

Answer. I as on nearly all parts of the field.

Question. At what time did General Howard leave the field here to go to General Geary?

Answer. He left Eleventh Corps headquarters at about 1 o'clock, leaving several staff officers, among them myself, at headquarters.

Question. Did you see General Hooker during the engagement; if so, where?

Answer. When the firing commenced near our troops, as I thought, I left headquarters to join General Howard. I did not find General Howard, but found General Hooker.

Question. Where?

Answer. In front of Colonel Krzyzanowski's brigade.

Question. Did you know that General Schurz's command was ordered to the re-enforcement of General Geary?

Answer. No, sir; I did not know that any such order had been given him.

Question. Do you know of any order directing Colonel Hecker or directing the Second or Third Brigade to take position where you saw them?

Answer. I do not.

