
several miles, until they reached the open fields at Barton's Station, where Colonel Forrest's cavalry (about 400 men) had formed. The colonel was in command himself. On this intelligence, I immediately brought all the cavalry and one section horse artillery forward. Before I came up two companies of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry had made a brilliant saber charge, but could not cause the enemy to yield his very strong position.

After the re-enforcements were deployed, the Fifth Ohio advanced gallantly, driving the rebels from every inch of the first and a second position they had fallen back on on the east side of Cane Creek. Posting the artillery, supported by the Third Regulars, on a slight elevation commanding the road, I pushed the Fifth Ohio forward and succeeded in scattering the enemy completely. The cavalry and one section artillery is encamped in the rebel camp. Our loss is, 1 seriously wounded (since dead) and 3 slightly wounded, all of the Fifth Ohio. The names I will send in as soon as possible. Of the enemy, 2 dead, 4 wounded, and 5 prisoners fell into our hands.

The Fifth Ohio Cavalry, under command of Colonel Heath and Major Smith, did gloriously. I am sorry to be unable to give you the name of another officer, who, although shot through the left wrist, remained with the command during all the fight. I will send in the nominal list of casualties to-morrow.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Maj. General FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Commanding Advance Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cherokee, Ala., October 21, 1863.

MAJOR:In consequence of your orders of last morning not to move forward, I deemed it prudent to withdraw the small force which I left after yesterday's engagement at Cane Creek, in the expectation to close up on them by this morning. I only left two companies of cavalry as picket at the creek. About noon the commanding officer of this picket sent me word that he was hard pressed by a large rebel mounted force. I ordered the division to fall in at once, and advanced a part of Second Brigade and one section of Missouri Horse Artillery to support the retreating picket. When I came up with these troops to the advance infantry picket, I met the retiring cavalry and the rebel mounted infantry hard on them. I ordered Colonel J. A. Williamson, commanding Second Brigade, to deploy one battalion of infantry on each side of the main road and then advance; the remainder of Second Brigade was to follow in supporting distance.

The First Brigade, General Woods commanding,and batteries were placed so that they could be thrown forward on either flank. The two leading regiments of the Second Brigade advanced steadily and forced the rebels to fall back into an open field on the east side of the timber. I then brought the whole of the Second Brigade up; while I ordered them to deploy, the enemy made an impetuous charge, and for a short time succeeded in occupying the skirt of the timber again. Colonel Torrence, of the Thirtieth Iowa Infantry, was killed there at the head of the regiment.

2 R R-VOL XXXI PT I

