
[CHAP. XLIII.

Question. How long did you stay with General Hooker?

Answer. Only a few minutes.

Question. While you were with him, do you know of any orders being given by him?

Answer. I did not hear of any.

Colonel F. Hecker, being summoned as a witness by Major-General Schurz, objection was raised by him to receiving his testimony, on the ground he was a party concerned in the subject of investigation before the Court.

Court was cleared, and after due deliberation the doors opened and decision of Court announced, that the objection was overruled; that either General Schurz or Colonel F. Hecker might be called as witness in the case on behalf of the other.

Colonel F. HECKER, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, Eleventh Corps, a witness for the accused, was duly sworn.

By General SCHURZ:

Question. Did you meet General Hooker on the field during the night of the engagement of Wauhatchie, and on what part of the field?

Answer. Yes, sir; near the tree which has now dry leaves upon it at the point where the road turns to the hill.

Question. Did any conversation occur between you and General Hooker concerning Colonel Krzyzanowski's brigade; and if so, what was it?

Answer. I can state as follows: I am not positive whether he asked where the Second Brigade was, or where the other brigade was, or where the other troops of the division were, but my impression is that he asked for the Second Brigade, because I was leaning forward on my horse and pointing with my finger to troops on my left perpendicular to my line of battle. I told him that the Second Brigade, Colonel Krzyzanowski's, was halted there. After some further conversation with me he rode over in the direction of the Second Brigade, and I did not pay any further attention to him, for I was looking toward Wauhatchie, and toward the hills from which there was still firing.

Question. Did you see an aide of General Schurz brought by the cross-road wounded, and about that time?

Answer. Yes, sir; it was Captain Lender, one of my captains in the Eighty-second. It was but a few moments after I had arrived at the cross-roads and before I saw General Hooker. I remember asking him where he was shot, and he said in the leg.

Question. Did you hear the first volley coming from the hills on the left, and where were you when you heard it?

Answer. My attention was most directed to the firing in the front toward Wauhatchie. I heard firing on the left, but I can only state about one volley which came from the hill when I halted and was in conversation with General Hooker: there had been firing previously as I was on the march. When the last shots were fired from the hill upon my troops, this was the moment that I was in conversation with General Hooker.

Question. Did you report to General Schurz your junction with General Geary immediately on your arrival there?

Answer. I am not certain when I had it reported to General Schurz. When I reached General Geary he ordered me to relieve some of his men and bring some of my regiments in their position, and I do not exactly remember when I reported to General Schurz. Captain Stinson, of General Howard's staff, had left me and returned when returned when the junction with Geary was formed.

