
Question. How long were you halted at Tyndale's Hill on your march to Geary, waiting for re-enforcements from the Second Brigade?

Answer. Not very long, but a few minutes, I think; not over eight or ten minutes elapsed from my arrival at Tyndale's Hill to my department from it. When we arrived at Tyndale's Hill there was firing from it, and from the gap. I gave the order to halt and front, being directed to form line of battle. Then General Schurz ordered me to throw a regiment forward to the gap. I ordered the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania forward, and went with it myself, and gave instructions to Major Lady [Ledig], General Schurz, at about the same time, gave me the order, after posting the Seventy-fifth Regiment, to push forward to General Geary. When putting the Seventy-fifth Regiment in the gap, I gave my adjutant-general an order to deploy half of the Sixty-eighth New York as skirmishers and flankers on the railroad and flankers on the right and left of it as reserve. As I had only half of the Eightieth Illinois, General Schurz ordered first the One hundred and nineteenth New York, and as this regiment was small, afterward the One hundred and forty-first, and we marched as soon as I saw the One hundred and forty-first in motion. I did not take more than ten minutes.

Question. How long did you stop at the cross-roads?

Answer. It is difficult to state the length of time, as my attention was directed to an attack that I expected from the hill and from the front. It was quite a long time, three-quarters of an hours, more or less. I had asked some men in the meantime, who thought it was longer.

By the RECORDER:

Question. Can you state the conversation that occurred between General Hooker and yourself?

Answer. While marching on the main road from General Howard's headquarters, in the direction of Wauhatchie, major Howard came up and asked, "Where is Colonel Hecker?" I answered him, and he gave me an order to halt at the cross-roads ahead of us, and bring my men into position, as there was firing from the hills on our left. I ordered two regiments, the Sixty-eighth New York and the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania, to form line of battle toward the hill, and the Eightieth Illinois, in rear of the first line in column, doubled on the center. During the execution of this order Major-General Hooker arrived, as I was halting near the tree mentioned before. He asked me, "What troops are these?" I answered, "Third Brigade, Third Division, Eleventh Corps, sir." He asked me why I was halting there, or some words to that effect. I told him I had just received an order of that purport from Major Howard, and he then put to me the question mentioned before about the other troops. As the head of his horse was directed toward Wauhatchie and the head of my horse square toward the hills, I leaned forward and pointed out to him the place where the Second Brigade was. He then ordered me to be ready to form, if necessary, front to the right; that is, front toward Wauhatchie. I gave orders accordingly. I thought he directed me so because he expected an attack, not only from the hill on the left, but from the valley also, as pretty nearly at the same time shots were fired down on the troops and the bullets whistled around us. I thought some of the shots came from the gap. Then General Hooker told me, and I remember the tone of his voice as if he had spoken but a quarter of an hour since, "You stay here, colonel." He then rode over to the Second Brigade.

By the COURT:

Question. What orders did you receive before you left camp?

Answer. The first order that I received was brought by Captain Spraul, which was to march down to the road and form there. I put my column in motion, and, as this order seemed insufficient, I went around to find somebody who could tell me if the order meant only to form there. My adjutant-general informed me that we had to move forward, as I thought the order was to be understood; so we marched until halted by major Howard. Then when General Schurz came up from the front he took us along, and at Tyndale's Hill the orders were received, as before stated. After General Hooker had asked what troops are these, he asked where is General Schurz? I answered, in front, sir; one of his aides has just been carried along wounded.

