
Lieutenant WEIGEL, acting aide-de-camp on General Schurz's staff, a witness for the accused, was recalled.

By General SCHURZ:

Question. Do you remember about how many men were killed and wounded in the attack on the hill by Tyndale's brigade, on our side?

Answer. As near as I can recollect, we had 2 killed and some 10 wounded.

By the COURT:

Question. Where were they killed?

Answer. In the charge up the hill.

Question. In what capacity were you acting at that time?

Answer. As acting assistant adjutant-general to General Schurz, Third Division.

The testimony on behalf of the accused was here announced closed.

Major-General HOOKER, a witness for the prosecution, was recalled.

By the RECORDER:

Question. What inquiry, if any, did you make of General Schurz when you rode by his headquarters about 1 o'clock on the morning of the 29th of October:

Answer. I cannot positively state what inquiry, if any, I made at that time.

Question. Did you, at that time, give him the order to double-quick his division to the relief of General Geary?

Answer. I have already said that I took no note of time. I gave him the order, while on my way from my camp, to see that my troops were under arms. I will say there were those of my staff present who perhaps remember the conversation. I know the order was given while at the cross-roads at the foot of the Smith Hill.

Question. Did you see Major Howard, of General Howard's staff, while at the cross-road at the foot of the hill?

Answer. It is my impression that I did see him.

Question. Did he report to you that Colonel Hecker's brigade had arrived?

Answer. Why, it was near there that I saw Colonel Hecker's brigade. I do not know that he reported it. He may have reported to me. I knew it myself.

Question. Before you saw Colonel Hecker's brigade, did you give any orders directing that it should halt there at the cross-roads?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Where did you go after leaving Colonel Hecker at the cross-roads?

Answer. I was facing to the north and Colonel Hecker was facing to the south, and I think I passed off toward the hill.

Question. While at the foot of Smith's Hill, did you, at any period during the engagement, or during that night, see General Schurz?

Answer. I did, in that vicinity, near that time.

Question. Do you know about what time?

Answer. It seemed to me nearly two hours after I met Colonel Hecker. I was in a state of great anxiety at the time, and could not tell exactly, but it seemed to me about that time.

