
Question. Do you know whether General Schurz met General Hooker after the taking of Smith's Hill?

Answer. He did.

Question. About what time was that?

Answer. I should think it was in the neighborhood of 2 o'clock; I could not state the time precisely.

Question. Do you remember what conversation took place between General Schurz and General Hooker?

Answer. I could not state exactly the words, only the tenor of the conversation. If my memory serves me correctly, General Schurz reported having possession of the Tyndale Hill, and that he had posted his skirmishers in front. General Hooker asked why he had not moved, as directed, to General Geary, as he had given him the order over two hours before. I do not remember what reply General Schurz made, and he left soon after on that business.

Question. Did you hear the firing on the Tyndale Hill before General Schurz met General Hooker?

Answer. I cannot say. General Hooker's horse was saddled, and he got away before my horse was saddled. I heard firing, but whether it was from the Tyndale Hill or from the Smith Hill I do not know.

Question. Can you state how long it continued?

Answer. I cannot. When I arrived on the ground all my attention was given to the Smith Hill, for a time.

Question. Can you tell about what time the Smith Hill was taken?

Answer. I should think it was about a quarter past 1 o'clock, but I took no note of the hour and only judge from my knowledge of the time when the firing first broke out.

Question. Was the firing at Tyndale's Hill over as soon as that at Smith's Hill?

Answer. My impression is that there was no firing on Tyndale's Hill after Smith's Hill was taken. Lieutenant Oliver was over at Tyndale's Hill, and he is better informed on that subject than I am.

Question. Was the firing at Tyndale's Hill over at the time of the meeting between General Hooker and General Schurz?

Answer. I think it was.

Question. Do you know whether any obstruction was offered by the enemy to General Schurz's advance to General Geary after leaving General Hooker at the time referred to, the time of the conversation?

Answer. None to my knowledge.

Question. Do you know whether there was at any time a line of battle between General Geary and the division of General Schurz?

Answer. Not to my knowledge; only from the report of staff officers. I was not on the ground.

By the COURT:

Question. Did you see Major Howard, of General Howard's staff, that night?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you give directions to him, or to any one, to halt Colonel Hecker's brigade at the cross-roads?

Answer. No, sir; I had a conversation with him on the subject of Colonel Hecker's brigade being there. Major Howard rode up where General Hooker and

