
[CHAP. XLIII.

staff were, and at the same time Colonel Hecker's brigade was halted there. I stated to him that there was a brigade that its commander said was halted by General Howard's or General Schurz's order. I told him he had better look into it and see about it.

Question. Did you know that colonel Krzyzanowski's brigade was in the same vicinity?

Answer. Well, I was entirely unacquainted with the brigade commanders of the Eleventh Corps. I knew only General Schurz and General Steinwehr as division commanders. I had not been in the immediate vicinity of the brigades until on the march down, and the first knowledge I got of the several brigade commanders I got on that night, with the exception of Colonel Buschbeck, who led on the march the day before.

Question. Did you know that the troops commanded by Colonel Hecker, and the other troops there, were a part of General Schurz's command?

Answer. No; I did not know it. I supposed they were a part of General Steinwehr's command, and did not know until I inquired.

Question. When did you inquire?

Answer. About five minutes before Major Howard rode up I inquired of Colonel Hecker to what division he belonged. It was but a few minutes after this that we rode off to a fire near Smith's Hill, where General Hooker saw General Schurz.

Question. Was that the first time that you saw Major Howard?

Answer. I think it was.

Question. At what place did you first see Major Howard?

Answer. Near the cross-roads, near where Colonel Hecker's brigade was.

Question. Did you give an order for a brigade or for any troops to go to Chattanooga?

Answer. I did not. I gave an order to Captain Hall to send some prisoners to Chattanooga. He misunderstood me, and gave the order to have the brigade go to Chattanooga, but the mistake was rectified immediately.

Question. Did you know that General Hooker had given the order for General Schurz's division to move to the aid of General Geary?

Answer. I did.

Question. How did you know it?

Answer. I heard General Hooker give the order to two different aides-one to go to General Howard and one to go to General Schurz-and then heard him say he was going to General Schurz himself.

Question. Who were the aides that he sent?

Answer. Captain Hall was one, and the other I do not know; the conversation occurred outside of the tent, as I was dressing, and I did not inquire.

Question. Do you know when the enemy crossed Lookout Creek after their attack on Geary?

Answer. Not from my own knowledge.

First Lieutenant PAUL A. OLIVER, aide-de-camp, General Hooker's staff, was recalled as a witness for the prosecution.

By the RECORDER:

Question. Were you with General Hookerr on the morning of the 29th of October, after the taking of Smith's Hill?

Answer. I was.

