
Question. Did General Hooker have an interview with General Schurz?

Answer. Yes.

Question. Do you know about what time?

Answer. It was not long after Smith's Hill was taken; I do not know the exact time; it was about 3 o'clock in the morning, not long after Tyndale's Hill was taken.

Question. Do you remember the conversation that occurred between General Hooker and General Schurz?

Answer. General Schurz told General Hooker that he had taken the hill and had skirmishers in front. General Hooker seemed to be very angry, and asked him "What were your orders, General Schurz-to push through to General Geary immediately?

Question. Were you present with General Hooker when it was reported to him that the troops of General Schurz had joined General Geary?

Answer. I do not think I was.

Question. How long did the firing on Tyndale's Hill continue?

Answer. I do not think it was hardly five minutes; I should say there were hardly a dozen shots fired from the hill while I was there.

Question. Do you know what loss in killed and wounded there was on our side during the taking of Tyndale's Hill?

Answer. While I was there I should think there was none.

By the COURT:

Question. In what position was Tyndale's brigade when you left?

Answer. Part of the troops were still in the road. I think two regiments were marching up the hill. I know some troops were marching up the hill and the balance were in the road. I left there, as I have stated, soon after the conversation with General Schurz.

Question. Did you deliver from General Hooker to General Schurz an order to take that hill at that time?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What was that order, and where did General Hooker deliver it to you?

Answer. General Hooker was near his headquarters when he delivered it to me, and the order was to take the hill where we had the skirmish the day before.

Question. And where did you deliver the order to General Schurz?

Answer. Under the hill, as I have already stated.

Question. Did the order specify what forces were to take the hill?

Answer. He said one brigade was to take the hill.

Question. In the conversation between General Hooker and General Schurz, testified to by you, when General Schurz said one of your aides directed me to take the hill, what reply did General Hooker make?

Answer. General Hooker seemed to be very angry. He simply said "What were your order?" His impression seemed to be that General Schurz had two brigades with him at that time, and one brigade was to go to Geary and one to take the hill.

12 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

