
[CHAP. XLIII.

Question. Did you hear General Hooker give the order to General Schurz to go to General Geary?

Answer. I heard him give an order; whether it was to General Schurz or to General Howard, I did not know. I am under the impression it was to General Howard for one brigade to take the hill and one to go to General Geary.

The recorder announced his case closed.

At the request of Major-General Schurz, the Court adjourned until Friday, 12th instant, to allow him time to prepare his defense.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,February 12, 1864.

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Colonel A. Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Colonel James Wood, jr., One hundred and thirty-sixth New York, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Colonel P. H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Captain W. H. Lambert, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, recorder.

The proceedings of previous session read.

Major General Carl Schurz presented his written address (appended and marked B), which was read by himself.

Colonel Frederick Hecker, Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, Eleventh Corps, presented his written address (appended and marked C), which was read by himself.

The Court then adjourned to meet on Monday, the 15th instant, at 11 a.m., at headquarters Eleventh Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,February 15, 1864-11 a.m

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Colonel A. Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Colonel James Wood, jr., One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Colonel P. H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Captain W. H. Lambert, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, recorder.

After a sitting of two sessions, the Court adjourned until Tuesday, 16th instant, at 9 a.m., headquarters Second Division, Eleventh Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS,[February 16, 1863-9 a.m.]

The Court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Colonel A. Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps; Colonel

