
[CHAP. XLIII.

fighting had ceased, is very natural, for the fighting there ceased about the time when my first brigade took the hill assigned to it.

In fact, if Tyndale, in disregard of the order to dislodge the enemy from the hill on the left, had moved on to Geary on a bee-line, it would have been impossible for him to reach Geary until after the fighting had ceased. But Hecker, after having been halted by your order, was moved forward from a position much farther back, some time after this; and how he could be expected to reach Geary before the fighting had ceased, I cannot understand. Nor can he, or anybody else, be blamed for not having pushed on before the order stopping him was withdrawn.

I would respectfully submit that it is rather hard for an officer and a body of troops to be solemnly excepted from the commendation for courage and valor bestowed upon other troops, after having done all they were told to do, and nothing less. If, indeed, somebody must be blamed, I would rather claim the blame entirely for myself, than permit it to fall, even by construction, upon my subordinate commanders and their men, who bear no responsibility in this matter, and always executed orders with promptness and alacrity.

I may have erred iin not sending to you for that part of my command which was kept back, but I was obliged to suppose that you wanted it for some other purpose. And why was it not sent forward to me if it was not wanted where it was?

However this may be, I would most respectfully and earnestly request you to exonerate my subordinate commanders and troops from the gave accusation cast upon them, and to let the censure fall where it belongs.

This letter accompanies a request by Colonel Hecker for a public exoneration from the censure inflicted on him and his brigade by your report, or a court of inquiry. Colonel Hecker is a gallant, untiring, and conscientious officer, and a gentleman of a character and reputation which any man might be proud of . I sincerely trust that in this case, where his conduct was strictly governed by orders, and he did his whole duty, justice be not withheld from him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General.

[Appendix B.]

In submitting the case to this Court of Inquiry, I am obliged to notice a circumstance which is of a delicate nature, but about which I shall speak with entire frankness. I asked for this investigation, and it was granted. The manner in which it was granted deviates in a remarkable degree from the recognized usages of military life. I think there never was a military court in the army of the United States, not one member of which held an equal rank with the accused; and I doubt whether there ever was a court of inquiry in this army, all the members of which belonged to the command of the accuser. I am far from intending any reflection upon the Court, as it is now constituted; for there is probably no man in the army who has less of the pride of rank in him than I; nor do your official relations to the accused in this case give me any uneasiness as to your impartiality. But I wish to observe that in accepting the form in which this investigation was offered to me, I had to waive a question

