
stopped the Third Brigade on its march toward Wauhatchie stopped the Second also.

Recall to your minds the following facts, proved by the testimony before you: The Second and Third Brigades are pressing forward on their march toward Wauhatchie; the Second Brigade suddenly stops, and, upon inquiry, Captain Greenhut is informed by a member of the Second Brigade staff that the Second Brigade has received orders to halt there. The Third Brigade still presses forward, but has hardly passed by the Second when it is halted also. It forms in line of battle, fronting toward the hills, and General Hooker instructs its commander to form his troops in such a manner as to be able to change front toward the valley. The Second Brigade is pointed out to General Hooker. He rides toward it and halts there, and immediately afterward it is noticed that the Second Brigade is formed front toward the valley. General Hooker remains in front of the Second Brigade a considerable time. That brigade is, of all troops, nearest to him. Orders are carried to that brigade by one of General Hooker's aides; and when it is found out that the orders sending the Second Brigade to Chattanooga arose from a mistake, the brigade is directed to resume its old position.

While this is going on I am near Tyndale's Hill. Notice is brought to me, through a staff officer of the Eleventh Corps, that the Third Brigade is stopped near Smith's Hill, and under instructions from General Hooker. Almost at the same time notice is brought to me by a staff officer of the Second Brigade that the Second Brigade is also stopped near Smith's Hill and under orders to go to Chattanooga. Can these coincidences be accidental? They speak for themselves. Not is this at all strange. Consider the circumstances under which these things happened and you will find an easy explanation. At first there was no firing, except in the direction of Wauhatchie. The attention of everybody was fixed upon that point. My troops are hurried forward to the assistance of Geary. Suddenly, while my column is marching along, a volley is thrown upon it from the hills on the left. All at once it is discovered that this range of hills is occupied by the enemy. This changes the whole aspect of affairs. It is foreseen in the original program. The effect of this discovery must be startling. General Hooker himself says in his testimony.

When the first fire was given, from the hills on the left, it suggested itself to me that the enemy was trying to get between me and Brown's Ferry.

And Captain Greenhut testifies it is his impression to have heard General Hooker say that he expected the enemy to break through between the hill. That would have completely altered the character of the action. The principal and most important fight would have been, not at Wauhatchie, but between the Chattanooga road and Brown's Ferry, for it was our main object to hold the road between Kelley's Ferry and Brown's Ferry open. Now, imagine General Hooker and staff on the very scene of action, with such apprehensions suddenly springing up in their minds. Is it not possible, nay, even probable, that at such a moment General Hooker, thinking of the new danger, and considering how to avert it, should have dropped the words, "These troops must be stopped here," or something to that effect? Is it not equally probable that some zealous staff officer should have taken such words for an order, and hurried off to put the supposed order in execution? Look at Major How-

13 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

