
in march, making every exertion to accelerate its progress. It is also well enough established by the instructions given to Hecker that General Hooker thought very little of Howard or of Geary at that time. Such instructions are given only in expectation of an attack; they mean preparation for defense on the spot, and not preparation for a double-quick movement. In this attitude the brigades remained there for a considerable time, in General Hooker's immediate vicinity, under his very eyes, within the reach of his voice, and he did not stir them. If he was under the impression that the troops were waiting for orders to march forward, why did he not give the orders? If in his opinion there was a mistake, why did he not correct the mistake? Is it not one of the principal privileges and duties of a commander to correct the mistakes of his subordinates?

But, then, General Hooker indulges in statements still more serious and still more untenable. He declares in his testimony, and declares with emphasis, that he gave no orders at all to brigades. It is sworn to by four witnesses-by Colonel Hecker, Major Howard, Captain Greenhut, and Lieutenant Kramer-that he gave the commander of my Third Brigade, not only orders, but the very explicit instructions above mentioned. With due respect to General Hooker, the concurring testimony of these four witnesses admits of no doubt.

Again, General Hooker declares that he knew nothing of the presence of my Second Brigade on that part of the field. Is it possible? Three witnesses-testify that he was not only informed of its presence, but that Colonel Hecker, in his own emphatic and demonstrative manner, which admits of no mistake, pointed it out to him as standing immediately on their left. Even the name of its commander, Colonel Krzyzanowski, was pronounced, and that is a name which cannot well be mistaken for any other. It is further proved that General Hooker, as soon as their conversation was concluded, rode over to the Second Brigade, and remained there. One of General Hooker's own aides testifies that he carried orders to that brigade; that the brigade was of all troops nearest to the place where General Hooker stood, and that he presumes General Hooker must have been aware of its being there, as it was so near him. Lastly, Lieutenant Weigel states that when, after the taking of Tyndale's Hill, we, with me, met General Hookerr, the commander of the Second Brigade, Colonel Krzyzanowski, was in General Hooker's immediate presence. And General Hooker was ignorant of all this!

Lastly, General Hooker declares that had he known anything of the presence of my Second Brigade, on that part of the field, or had he known that I was forward with only one brigade, he would have ordered Colonel Hecker instantly to march to Wauhatchie. This indeed he might have been expected to do, if he really wanted one of my brigades to occupy the Tyndale Hill, and another to push through to Geary. Now mark what he did do. It is proved by three witnesses that immediately after the Second Brigade had been bodily pointed out to him, he gave Colonel Hecker instructions how to form, and then left him with the words, "You stay here."

But to cap the climax, he says himself he was not positive whether he knew that I had more than two brigades in all. He thinks he must have known it or ought to have known it, as he had marched with us from Bridgeport to Lookout Valley, but he was not positive. Every candid mind will conclude from his report, that he did not

