
2. Was a brigade involved in a swamp, and had it lost its way, and what brigade was it?

3. Was the Third Brigade involved in a swamp and lost the road?

4. Did anybody allege that the Third Brigade was involved in a swamp and lost its way, and who did allege it?

5. Was there a terrific infantry fire that night?

6. How long did the fire at General Geary's last, and when was it over?

7. Could any brigade of the Third Division have reached General Geary before it was over?

8. Was there any brigade, purposely or by mistake, delayed on the march?

9. If so, whose duty was it to push it forward to the aid, as the report says, of the imperiled companions?

10. When did the Third Brigade receive for the first time the orders to join Geary, and how was the order executed?

The evidence before the honorable Court shows that in that night orders were carried by aides-de-camp; and of the same orders the commander, in whose name they were carried, ignores their origin, and aides-de-camp are and must be regarded as representatives of the commanding officers, and orders carried by them must be executed promptly. Discussing their origin, authority, propriety, or end is a military impossibility. I return to the questions.

Answer 1. By the testimony of Major-General Hooker's aides-de-camp, Captain Hall and Lieutenant Oliver, of Lieutenant Klutsch, Lieutenant Weigel, [Captain] Stinson, and Major-General Schurz, is left not the slightest doubt that the brigade nearest at hand, Tyndale's brigade, was ordered to march to the relief of General Geary, and was led by Major-General Schurz himself. The same witnesses state that the orders given to General Schurz by General Hooker were distinctly to detach one brigade to the relief of Geary, the others to follow up the road. In the execution of this order in the uncertain light of the moon, over a terrain not known as it is now, in the ground soaked from former rains.

Answer 2. This First [Tyndale's] Brigade, on their march to the front and near the foot of the hill, now known as Tyndale's Hill, lost the road, came in a swampy, brushy terrain, full of weeds and briars [as Lieutenant Oliver says]; but a few minutes brought it out, and the positive order carried by Major-General Hooker's aide-de-camp, Oliver, to take that hill, was executed. [See testimony of Lieutenant Oliver, Weigel, and Captain Stinson; and Major Howard, with Lieutenant-Colonel Meysenburg, confirms the swampy nature of the ground.] But the clearest evidence is given that-

Answer 3. The Third [Colonel Hecker's] Brigade never was involved in a swamp, never lost the road, neither from the camp to the cross-road, nor from there to Tyndale's Hill, nor from Tyndale's Hill to Wauhatchie. [See testimony of Captain Stinson, Lieutenants Mueller, Kramer, and Captain Greenhut.] The full evidence is before you that the brigade which never marched to General Geary, but was ordered to hold the hill taken by it, had for a short time lost the road and got involved in a swamp, and that that brigade which marched to Geary and joined him never lost the road nor met a swamp; and-

Answer 4. General Hooker, when asked who alleged it, answered that in Major-General Howard's report was something of a swamp mentioned. Now, this report says not a single word, that [of] the brigade marching and reaching Geary; says not a word that Third

