
thrown across the creek were supported by the Third and Twenty-seventh Missouri Infantry, which regiments occupied the high bank along Little Bear Creek, forming an obtuse angle with the main line, and were completed while the enemy continued his artillery practice on my deploying infantry. I had to await the arrival of the Parrotts of the Fourth Ohio Battery (Captain Froehlich) to attend to them. When they arrived they participated in the artillery duel. Landgraeber's howitzers were unlimbered on the right in support of the skirmishers whom I had put across the creek.

The enemy, seeing too late his neglected opportunity on his left (my right), made a most vigorous effort to redeem this fatal mistake; a full brigade of cavalry (commanded, as I learned afterward, by Forrest) was formed, and, advancing against our skirmishers, drove them back to the timber skirting the creek.

Their leader, rendered sanguine by the retreat of the skirmishers, ordered them to charge; I could distinctly hear his command. They approached the creek at a furious gallop, when Lieutenant-Colonel Meumann, commanding Third Missouri Infantry, opened on them, delivering a fire by rank, volley after volley, with admirable regularity, into the gray cloud below. This fire scattered them in every direction.

They lost their leader in this fire, and Landgraeber's battery assisted handsomely in keeping them at a proper distance. It was now too late (5 p.m.) to undertake anything decisive, and, in compliance with Major-General Blair's orders, we bivouacked a little in rear of our position, a strong line of pickets holding the ground we had gained.

On the morning of the 27th of October, I received the general's order to delay my attack until a brigade of the Second Division, which was to cross the creek farther up, in order to get on the enemy's left flank, could co-operate with me; the Third Regular Cavalry was detailed to assist in this flank movement. We consequently took up our position of last night, excepting that the Parrott section of Fourth Ohio Battery (Captain Froehlich) was ordered tot he right, with Landgraeber's battery of howitzers, while four 20-pounder Parrotts, of the Second Division, took the position occupied by Captain Froehlich's guns the day previous.

The enemy's line likewise appeared in the same order as yesterday. We, however, soon observed a commotion on their left, and it did not last long until I heard musketry fire in that direction. I immediately ordered my batteries to open and my whole line of infantry to advance. The practice of the Parrotts was brilliant, and the rebel sharpshooters along the creek in front gave way before the fire of my skirmishers. The fire on my right became very brisk and approached very steadily. The enemy, seeing his left flank exposed,repeated his maneuver of Cane Creek, that is, he retreated,pursued vigorously by the Fifth Ohio Cavalry (Colonel Heath), which I had ordered forward. A rebel force seemed inclined to make a stand on the west side of Tuscumbia, and formed in front of some high timber; the Fifth Ohio Cavalry formed and advanced through the open fields on both sides of the Tuscumbia road, supported by one section 6-pounder field pieces of Griffiths' (First Iowa) battery. The rebels, however, disappeared and we pushed on, Tuscumbia being in our possession by 11 o'clock. In all these engagements both officers and men behaved most gallantly. Our losses were very slight;

