
A D D E N D A .
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS, January 14, 1864.

Brig. Gen. WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,A. A. G., and Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: In the official report of Major-General Hooker on the engagement of Wauhatchie, the following statements are made:

I regret that my duty constrains me to except any portion of my command in my commendation of their courage and valor. The brigade to the relief of Geary, by orders delivered in person to its division commander, never reached him until long after the fight had ended. It is alleged that it lost its way, when it had a terrific infantry fire to guide it all the way; and, also, that it became involved in a swamp, where there was no swamp or other obstacle between it and Geary which should have delayed it a moment in marching to the relief of its imperiled companions.

In a letter signed by Major-General Hooker, and addressed to you, an official copy of which was communicated to me by order of Major-General Hooker, the following passage occurs:

It is not known for what reason Colonel Hecker makes this application, or why he should connect his brigade with it. The order I gave the division commander, was for him to double-quick his division to the relief of Geary. And afterward one brigade of it was ordered to assault the hill on the left. The latter was duly executed. The first order was not. Whether or not Major-General Schurz communicated this order to his brigade commanders, I am not advised. Probably a court of inquiry would be able to determine. It rests between the division commander and the commanders of the Second and Third Brigades, and in no way can other parties be concerned in the issue, unless it be supposed that the troops disobeyed orders, which I have not alleged and do not believe.

This evidently throws the responsibility for the alleged non-execution of an order upon me. An I would respectfully pray that a court of inquiry be granted me, by Major-General Thomas, commanding Army of the Cumberland, for the purpose of investigating all the circumstances connected with the case, so as to determine whether the above strictures in General Hooker's report and letter were deserved by the conduct of myself and my command on that occasion.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General, Comdg. Third Division, Eleventh Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, January 14, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MEYESENBURG,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Have the kindness to send my letter accompanying Colonel Hecker's, for exoneration or a court of inquiry, along with that document to General Hooker.

Very respectfully,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS, January 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

A court of inquiry recommended.

O. O. HOWARD,Major-General.

