
for the latter I refer to the nominal lists which I forwarded some time ago.

On the 28th of October, we left Tuscumbia for Cherokee, at 6 a.m., in compliance with orders received.

In order to facilitate this movement, I ordered Colonel Heath to advance toward the enemy, which he did, but finding no enemy, he remained in Tuscumbia until noon, when he followed the command.

The rebels, finding out that they were not pursued, turned round and made their appearance again near Cherokee Station, on October 29, exhibiting a very respectable strength, but at great distance. I made my arrangements to receive them, leaving my right on a very steep hill, thickly timbered, and protecting my camp en echelon. I was, however, unable to entice the rebels within range, and toward evening they fell back. Next morning we left for Chickasaw Landing (on Tennessee River), where we arrived, after a very tedious march over exceedingly bad roads, on 31st of October. Rebel cavalry followed us very closely, but without molesting us in any way. Colonel Heath's cavalry was sufficient to hold them in check. On the morning of November 4, the First Division (the last of your corps) crossed the Tennessee River.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Brig. Gen., U. S. Volunteers, Comdg. First Div., 15th A. C.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Headquarters Fifteenth Army Corps.

No. 3.

Report of Brig. General Charles R. Woods, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of skirmishes near Cane Creek and at Barton's Station, October 26.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS,Cherokee Station, Ala., October 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that at 3 a.m. of the 26th instant, I left camp at this place with my brigade, having the advance of the division, and proceeded in the direction of Tuscumbia, Ala. The brigade is composed of the Twelfth Missouri Infantry, Colonel Hugo Wangelin commanding; Thirteenth Illinois Infantry, Colonel A. B. Gorgas commanding; Twenty-seventh Missouri Infantry, Colonel Thomas Curly commanding; Third Missouri Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Theo. Meumann commanding; Seventy-sixth Ohio Infantry, Major W. Warner commanding; Thirty-second and Twenty-ninth Missouri Infantry, forming one battalion, Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Warmoth (Thirty-second Missouri) commanding; Seventeenth and Thirty-first Missouri Infantry, forming one battalion, Lieutenant Colonel S. P. Simpson (Thirty-first Missouri) commanding. It was accompanied by the First Missouri Horse Artillery, Captain C. Landgraeber commanding, and the Fourth Ohio Battery, Captain George Froehlich commanding, and was followed by the Second Brigade of this division.

When I reached Barton's Station I found that the cavalry had driven the enemy to a strong position. I deployed two regiments-

