
This is forwarded directly to the War Department, with the request that it may be sent to General Bragg for his indorsement.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

A D D E N D A.
HEADQUARTERS, October 23, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have just received information from General Cheatham that General Buckner is to be withdrawn from my right in the morning, that he may re-enforce General Cheatham's right. I believe that my line is longer than all the balance of the army, and the enemy is threatening my left, which is the essential point with him.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HILL'S CORPS, ARMY OF Tennessee,No. 7. Missionary Ridge, October 24, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

II. Major-General Stewart will, from his reserve line, fill the gap made in the general line of the army by the withdrawal of Major-General Buckner's division. The movement of General Buckner's troops has commenced, and it is important that General Stewart should at once make his dispositions. It is suggested that one brigade will be sufficient to connect General Stewart's left with General McLaws' right, but if more troops are needed for that purpose they will be furnished by General Stewart.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JAS. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LONGSTREET'S CORPS, October 26, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your note of yesterday in reference to reconnaissance in the direction of Bridgeport, &amp;c., is received. General Jenkins was ordered to move a brigade down and endeavor to cut off a working party to-night, and all the cavalry was put under his command, with directions that they should at the same time be pushed down to Bridgeport, Cameron's and Caperton's Ferries. This will give us a reconnaissance of all the points in the vicinity of Bridgeport at the same time. The infantry goes to Nickajack Cave, where the enemy is reported to have some 500 or 600 men at work.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.- I have no doubt but the enemy will cross below and move against our rear. It is his easiest and safest move.

