HEADQUARTERS, October 27, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your note of to-day is received. The enemy's designs seem to be to occupy this bank of the river for the purpose of shortening his line of communication and possibly for the purpose of creating a diversion near the point of Lookout Mountain, while he moves a heavier force up to occupy the mountain, via Johnson's Crook. The latter move and object seems to me to be more important, essential indeed, than any such partial move as his present one. The position just taken by the enemy is the ridge along the river bank, near Brown's Ferry. The position can be attacked on the flanks by about a company front, in front by a line covering the entire front. The ridge runs down close upon the water's edge, so much so, that troops cannot pass between it and the water.

Any force that may be designed to attack it will be obliged to pas under the batteries on the other side or up by Trenton. The only disposition that I have made is to draw the brigade that was on the other side of Lookout Mountain close into the foot of the mountain.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LONGSTREET'S CORPS, October 27, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your note of this afternoon is received. I have possession of Lookout Mountain, but may not have sufficient force there to hold it. My opinion is that it should be held by a division, and that a brigade of this should be at Johnson's Crook, so as to secure the mountain pass. Should I understand the order to take possession of the mountain to mean that I shall put such force there as I think necessary to hold it against everything that may come? To hold the mountain anywhere, short of Johnson's Crook, will only be to hold it until the enemy sees fit to take it away from us.

I shall order one of Walker's brigades up on the mountain to-morrow, his being the only troops that are not occupied. In the meantime, I would like the commanding general to give me the benefit of his views more in detail. I presume that he does not mean that I shall use forces in holding the mountain that may be necessary in holding our main line of investment. Yet I may need some of the troops upon this line that I ought to have upon the mountain.

I suggested to the commanding general some ten days ago that the mountain should by held by an infantry force, but he did not agree with me and I did not feel that I could detach any of my force for that purpose.

General Walker will be ordered to start one of his brigades to Johnson's Crook early in the morning.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

