HEADQUARTERS, October 27, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Since answering your note in reference to taking possession of Lookout Mountain, I have received notice that the enemy is advancing in the direction of Trenton, and in force. Instead of trying to get Walker's troops up to-morrow, I have thought it better to send one of Jenkins' brigades to-night to get the mountain passes before the enemy reaches there. I have sent different orders to the cavalry to hold the mountain passes until the infantry arrives.

Jenkins' troops have such indifferent transportation that he will not be able to subsist his men so far off. In fact, he is now nearly half the time on half rations. The whole of Jenkins' division should be started down to Johnson's Crook by daylight, I think, to insure the entire possession of the mountain; but if it is moved, I should have another division on my left to hold that part of my line. Walker's division is not strong enough to occupy the line now held by Jenkins should the commanding general think it necessary to send Jenkins to hold the mountain at Johnson's Crook.

It the commanding general does not think it necessary to hold the mountain as far down as Johnson's Crook, I should be advised of it in time to recall the brigade that Jenkins has sent off, before morning. If, however, the division is to go down, we shall require much additional transportation, in order to supply our men and animals with food.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-The information about the enemy's advance upon Trenton comes from the signal corps. A report from Colonel Grisgsby, dated 3.30 p.m., does not mention it. The signals are later, however.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HILL'S CORPS,No. 10. Missionary Ridge, October 28, 1863-1.30 a.m.

I. The entire line of this corps will move immediately toward the left. Major-General Stewart will have his left to rest on Chattanooga Creek, and the divisions of Generals Stovall and Cleburne will move to such points as will keep the line entire. In case anything should occur to prevent the movement till after daybreak, the troops will move a short distance to the rear, so as not to attract the attention of the enemy.

By command of Major-General Brekinridge:

JAS. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, October 29, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your note of last night is received. I did not contemplate any such move as your note would indicate. My intention

