
guard and stragglers. He requested information regarding the roads, &amp;c., as I was familiar with the locality. After giving all the information in my power, I ventured to remark to him that in my opinion the enemy had a large force at the point upon which we intended to move, and that one division was insufficient for the accomplishment of the end in view; that a failure would be the result, and that the troops engaged in it would be seriously injured. I was satisfied, from close and constant observation, that not less than 6,000 or 8,000 troops had been thrown across the river from Moccasin Bend; that one corps [6,000 or 7,000 more] had passed my position going toward Brown's Ferry, and that another of the same strength was following. General Jenkins replied that he had positive orders to proceed on the expedition. He desired me to send him two guides who knew the country beyond the creek. These were accordingly sent, and I immediately commenced the passage of the creek, having previously ordered my brigade under arms.

A few minutes after crossing, my advance guard captured a prisoner, who represented himself as belonging to Howard's corps. From him and others of the same corps, captured soon afterward at a picket post, I learned that this corps had passed the point toward which my advance was directed, viz, the junction of the Chattanooga and Brown's Ferry roads, and was encamped about a half mile to the right, and that a division and a half of Slocum's corps were following. These we afterward learned were encamped a mile higher up the valley to the left. Half a mile beyond the creek I formed two regiments in line, with skirmishers in front, the other regiments moving en echelon on the right, and advanced to the crest of the first wooded hill, where my line was adjusted and halted for a short time.

The hill on which I now rested was one of a range of similar hills running from Brown's Ferry close upon the river bank for about a mile, leaving the river as it bends toward the foot of Lookout Mountain and projecting into the valley beyond. The range at the point where my line was formed was three-fourths of a mile from the Tennessee, and the distance from the road along which my left advanced [and upon which it now rested] to the point at which the range ran immediately upon the river bank was about a mile. In the triangle formed by the range of hills, the river, and the Chattanooga road the ground was all cleared. My skirmishers had advanced as far as the Brown's Ferry road, driving off the picket, and now held the road. Another wooded knoll still intervened between my line of battle and the road.

At this time Brigadier-General Robertson reported to me with his brigade. By order of Brigadier-General Jenkins, commanding division, Robertson's brigade was at once placed in line with my own, with the exception of two regiments, one of which was placed in reserve on the road to my left, and the other was used to guard the bridge in my rear and to watch the space intervening between my right and the river, which was at least half a mile. With affairs in this position I recrossed the creek to see General Jenkins. I learned from him that Colonel Bratton, commanding Jenkins' brigade, was crossing or had just crossed the creek; that General Benning would follow with his brigade and take up a line on my left, uniting with me and commanding the Brown's Ferry road higher up the valley; that Colonel Bratton would push forward on the line of railroad until he came in contact with the enemy. If he encountered only a

