
call which]. About the same time General Robertson, who was watching the extreme right, reported that a strong force of the enemy was moving over the adjoining hill on our right, the head of the column having made its appearance on the edge of the triangular opening in my rear, which I have already described, and near the river bank. My vedettes also reported the same thing.

In the meantime, the second attack had commenced. When the firing had almost ceased I gave orders for the whole line to retire to the hill on which it had first formed; thence into the hollow behind it, and thence by flanking to the left into the road and across the bridge. To cover this movement I held the road with a strong force of skirmishers, and directed General Robertson to place the First Texas Regiment, together with part of the Fifth Texas, already there, on an open hill between the bridge and the point from which the enemy was moving on up right. The movement was executed in a quiet and leisurely manner, the enemy in front making no effort to follow.

During the engagement of Colonel Bratton with the enemy no troops passed from the right along the road or in sight of it. It was possible, however, for them to pas near the foot of Raccoon Mountain while the attack on my position was progressing. When the order for my command to retire was given I had already received information that Colonel Bratton had been withdrawn; that he was actually at the bridge, and the firing on the left had ceased for nearly, if not quite, and the firing on the left had ceased for nearly, if not quite, half an hour. Believing that the object for which my position was occupied had been accomplished, I withdrew. The movement of the enemy on my right would in a few minutes more have necessitated a change of position, and the intelligence of this movement had its influence in determining the precise moment of withdrawal. But independent of this, the order was based on my understanding of the plan of operations and the conviction that it was in accordance with that plan.

I would call attention to accompanying reports of General Robertson and Colonel Sheffield, commanding brigades.

For a statement of our loss, which was slight, I refer to the list of casualties.

Respectfully submitted.

E. M. LAW,

Brigadier-General.

[Captain R. M. SIMMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 41.

Report of Colonel James L. Sheffield, Forty-eighth Alabama Infantry, commanding Law's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS FORTY-EIGHTH ALABAMA REGIMENT, November 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Law's brigade in the engagement near Lookout Creek on the night of the 28th ultimo:

About 7 p.m. I received orders to put my regiment [Forty-eighth Alabama] under arms. In half an hour I received orders to move across the bridge across Lookout Creek. After crossing the creek

