
we had not advanced very far before the pickets captured a prisoner, apparently very drunk, who reported he belonged to Howard's corps. After moving up the road a short distance I was ordered to file my regiment to the right in an open field at the base of a ridge in my front, and form line of battle in one rank. I then sent pickets in front under Captain Eubanks, who soon reported no enemy on the ridge. I then advanced rapidly, taking possession of the ridge.

The object in obtaining the ridge was, I suppose, to command the road leading down the valley from Trenton and Kelley's Ferry to Brown's Ferry, on the Tennessee River. It was very soon ascertained that there was another and higher ridge in our front, beyond which the road ran. The general commanding [Law] informed me of these facts, and ordered me to advance and obtain possession of the ridge in front at all hazards. I had sent Captain Eubanks forward with 5 men, who soon sent 1 of the men back; reported no enemy on the ridge, but a large encampment of Federal troops about half a mile from the point of the ridge where my left was to rest. He [Captain Eubanks] with 4 men crossed the ridge, came up the valley round to where the Chattanooga road intersected the same, and reported the above facts. While reporting to me the pickets near the forks of the road captured a prisoner. I had given orders to my lieutenant-colonel to move the regiment forward.

About this time I was informed that a line of 20 or 30 Yankee skirmishers was deployed on the right and left of the Chattanooga road, who had evidently come down the Kelley's Ferry road. I ordered Captain McDuffee, with his company, to the left, with instructions to get in the rear of the skirmishers if possible. The regiment had not advanced but a short distance till a fire was opened upon the left wing [from the skirmishers, I suppose]. A few shots from Captain McDuffee's company soon scattered them, he capturing 8 prisoners. The regiment continued to advance, and soon had possession of the ridge, meeting with no resistance except a slight skirmish on the left. Here it was the brave and gallant Captain Eubanks fell mortally wounded and 3 privates severely wounded. I put my regiment in position with its left resting on the Chattanooga road, and some 30 or 40 paces from the valley road.

I was at this time notified to take command of the brigade. As each regiment arrived it was put in position-on the right, the Forty-seventh Alabama, the Fourth Alabama in the center, the Forty-fourth Alabama on its right, and the Fifteenth Alabama on the right of the brigade [?]. I immediately put out vedettes in front of each regiment along the valley road, and one company from the Fifteenth Alabama on the right across the ridge. I then ordered commanders of regiments to have their men put up breastworks of rails, logs, &amp;c., which was promptly done.

Here we remained perfectly quiet about an hour, when the vedettes in front reported a column of Yankees advancing up the valley road from the direction of Brown's Ferry. Orders were given to let them advance till the head of the column was opposite the left of my line, which was done, when a well-directed fire drove them back in confusion.

In a short time he rallied, returned, and made an effort to charge the works on the [ridge.] He was handsomely repulsed and gave back in confusion. He must have suffered severely in this charge, from the cries and groans of the wounded in our front. Being driven back, he rallied and left the road, crossing a field in our front. The

