
the Thirteenth Illinois and Seventy-sixth Ohio-on the left of the railroad and the remainder of my brigade on the right, taking the two battalions, composed each of two regiments, to a position three-quarters of a mile to the right, and posting them in a piece of woods. Having completed these dispositions, and thrown skirmishers well to the front, I ordered the brigade to advance. The Second Brigade, with skirmishers in front, advanced at the same time on my left. The skirmishers moved forward in gallant style, driving the enemy from their position and pushing them back to Cane Creek, a distance of 1 mile. Here they reformed, having five pieces of artillery posted on high ground, with open fields intervening, and skirmishers strongly posted along the creek bottom. After reconnoitering, I pushed my right forward in the edge of the woods. The skirmishers soon reached the creek, and succeeded in crossing. At this point the firing was very heavy, but of short duration. The enemy, abandoning their positions, fell back to the Little Bear Creek, 3 miles from Tuscumbia. They made a stand upon a hill which commanded the valley between us I posted my brigade on the right of the road upon a hill. About the time the first two regiments were posted the enemy's cavalry made a charge across the open field on my right, with the evident intention of getting possession of the hill. They were checked and driven back by a volley from the Third and Twenty-seventh Missouri, by which Colonel Forrest was severely, if not mortally, wounded by a Minie ball through both thighs.

It being late, nothing further was done than to take a position and to hold it until dark. The troops, except three regiments,which were left on picket duty, were then withdrawn into a ravine. On the following morning, the 27th instant, I deployed the Seventeenth Missouri, Colonel John F. Cramer commanding, as skirmishers, supported by the Third Missouri on the opposite side of the creek. At the same time the Second Brigade moved up on my left and the Second Division on my right. The movement was successful, and by 12 m. the troops were in Tuscumbia.

I append a list of killed and wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. R. WOODS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., First Div., 15th Army Corps.

No. 4.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel David J. Palmer, Twenty-fifth Infantry, Second Brigade, of action at Cherokee Station.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH IOWA INFANTRY,Cherokee, Ala., October 22, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit you the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the engagement of yesterday:

We formed in line of battle at the earliest intimation of the presence of the enemy, and, by order of General Osterhaus, we moved forward in line of battle, our left resting on the road near the open field, at the end of the woods. We engaged the enemy, and briskly returned their fire, holding the position for more than an

