
left wing of the Forty-eighth Alabama and an Arkansas regiment on my left opened fire upon him and caused some confusion in his ranks. In a short time an attack was made on my right, which rested some 200 yards from the valley road, with thick undergrowth between our works and the road, which was handsomely repulsed.

In a few minutes another and more vigorous attack was made upon the right, meeting the same fate as the first attack. Being fearful of a flank attack, I now strengthened the company on the right with two other companies, one from the Fifteenth and one from the Forty-fourth Alabama. Shortly afterward I was notified by one of the pickets on the right that a column of Yankees had passed around my right near the river. I notified General Law of the fact, and he sent forward the Fourth Texas Regiment, which was promptly placed in position on my right by Captain terrell, assistant adjutant-general. In a few minutes after placing this regiment in position a vigorous attack was made upon the front of the Fourth, Forty-fourth and Fifteenth Alabama, some two or three columns deep. The enemy was repulsed, but returned in a short time more vigorously, and strengthened by several columns, who broke through my lines over our works, the left of the Forty-fourth Alabama having given way.

I here ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Scruggs, commanding the Fourth Alabama, to swing his regiment across the ridge and to hold his position at any sacrifice, which was promptly done, the men and officers acting promptly. Here I ordered Colonel Perry, commanding the Forty-fourth Alabama, to rally his men and take his position at all hazards. The Fourth Alabama co-operating with him soon drove the enemy from and beyond the breastworks. He soon returned, but was driven back.

About this time I received orders from General Law to fall back to the bald hill near the bridge. When I received this order the firing had ceased. I gave the order to fall back in order and in line of battle. I fell back to the first ridge; remained there a few minutes and then feel back to where I first formed line of battle, when I received orders to recross the bridge. In laving the ridge where I had engaged the enemy I was notified of a column of the enemy advancing down the valley from the river between the two ridges. At the same time I saw a heavy column marching by the flank on my left, which was evidently the column which passed through the field in my front in the direction where General Jenkins' brigade was engaged. We had been in our position on the ridge, I suppose, one hour or more before the firing commenced on our left by General Jenkins' brigade.

I cannot close my report without expressing my thanks to Lieutenant Joseph B. Hardwick and Sergeant-Major Robbins, of the Forty-eighth Alabama, who volunteered to assist me, in their promptness to deliver every order; also to the commanders and company officers and men of the Fourth, Forty-seventh, and Forty-eighth Alabama Regiments for promptness in driving back the enemy in the several charges, also to Colonel Perry, of the Forty-fourth, for rallying his men and driving the enemy from his position they had taken. These regiments were under my immediate observation.

The casualties were: Fourth Alabama, 1 killed; Fifteenth Alabama, 5 wounded, 2 officers and 9 men missing; Forty-fourth Alabama, 1 killed, 10 wounded, 11 missing; Forty-seventh Alabama, none; Forty-eighth Alabama, 1 mortally wounded [Captain Eubanks] and 3 privates wounded.

