
The loss of the enemy was evidently very great; much more so than ours.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. SHEFFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Law's Brigade.

Captain L. R. TERRELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 42.

Report of Colonel John Bratton, Sixth South Carolina Infantry, commanding Jenkins' brigade.

HEADQUARTERS JENKINS' BRIGADE, November 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of General Jenkins' brigade on the night of October 28:

Having passed from our regular position on the line to the other side of Lookout Mountain, in accordance with orders crossed Lookout Creek near the railroad, bridge and formed lines of battle. The Sixth Regiment [Major White] was sent to occupy a hill on the right of the road, and the Palmetto Sharpshooters one on the left. The rest of the brigade, except the Hampton Legion [Colonel Gary], which was left to guard a gap between me and General Law until relieved by General Benning, swept down the railroad between the hills mentioned to the Trenton road, capturing a few pickets or stragglers. I then changed direction to the left and advanced down the Trenton road with four regiments-the Palmetto Sharpshooters, Colonel Walker; Second Rifles,, Colonel Thomson; First South Carolina Volunteers, Colonel Kilpatrick, and Fifth Regiment, Colonel A. Coward. The Sixth [Major White] was ordered to advance to the Trenton road and throw its pickets out to watch the Selby Farm road as well as the Brown's Ferry road. The Legion was by this time relieved, and was following in our rear to be used as reserve.

The line thus formed advanced without opposition until near a branch, about half a mile from the point at which we entered the Trenton road. There, after some little picket firing, our skirmishers crossed the branch, and came in sight of the camp of the enemy. A hasty observation showed that there was considerable commotion in their camp. Whether it was of preparation to receive or leave us I could not tell, but the hurrying hither and thither could be seen by the light of their camp fires, which they were then extinguishing. I immediately threw three regiments-Second Rifles, Colonel Thomson; First, Colonel Kilpatrick, and Fifth, Colonel Coward-upon them, with orders not to fire until they passed our skirmishers. The Palmetto Sharpshooters [Colonel Walker] were ordered to advance and take position on the railroad on what was supposed to be the enemy's flank. The three regiments had not advance far before a very heavy fire was developed, so heavy on the Second Rifles as to cause it to halt and finally to fall back. This stopped the advance, leaving the other two en echelon on the field, the Fifth on the right and in advance. I at once ordered up the Sixth from its position in the rear to act as reserve, and put the Hampton Legion [Colonel Gary] in on the right of the Fifth [Colonel Coward]. Colonel Gary

