
moved up and, passing over the line of skirmishers, who were fighting on the right and a little in the rear of the Fifth, drove the enemy through their camp and entirely beyond their wagon camp.

By this time the Sixth, under Major White, had reported, and was in position on the ground at first occupied by the Second Rifles. The position of things at this time was entirely favorable to a grand charge. Our line was, as it were, two sides of a wide-spread V [see annexed sketch], the Fifth and Hampton Legion on the right, and

MAP

the Sixth and Palmetto Sharpshooters on the left, the First at the point, Second Rifles on the left, behind the railroad. The enemy, with his left driven, crowded and huddled upon his center, occupied the base. His line of fire at this time certainly was not more than 300 or 400 yards in length, and but from 50 to 150 yards in breadth, the sparkling fire making a splendid pyrotechnic display and encouraging the hope that the balls intended for us were lodging on themselves.

At this juncture I received orders to withdraw and move back in good order, as the enemy were pressing in the rear. While making arrangements for the charge I had sent back to ask that Lieutenant-Colonel Logan, who followed us over the mountain with the pickets of the brigade that were on post when we left, be sent up to me. The answer to this request was delivered just then, that Colonel Logan was about engaging the enemy in the rear, and that I must withdraw and move back at once. I moved the Sixth Regiment to the position behind the railroad and ordered it to pour its fire upon the crowded mass of the enemy. Under this fire the rest of the brigade was withdrawn. Colonels Coward and Gary were first withdrawn and ordered to form line of battle about a quarter of a mile in rear to cover the retreat of the others, which was done, and al passed through, bringing away most of our wounded and many of the guns left on the field. I then moved on to the bridge over Lookout Creek, Colonel Coward bringing up the rear. Here we formed line of battle to cover the retreat and passage of General Benning's

