
brigade, and were the last to recross the creek. I was ordered back to camp, which I reached a little after sunrise on the morning of October 29.

Our loss, I regret to say, is most serious. Colonel Kilpatrick, of the First South Carolina Volunteers, distinguished not only for gallantry but for efficiency, was shot through the heart early in the engagement. His bearing was such as those who knew [him] best expected, heroic. His loss is irremediable to his regiment.

The inclosed list of casualties will display to you the character as well as amount off our loss.

To my fellow colonels and commanders of regiments I am deeply indebted for their gallantry, good management of their commands, and prompt and unhesitating obedience to orders. The steady courage and cool bearing of officers and men under my command saved us from any of the horrible accidents that as so easily attend night attacks. To say that I am proud of their conduct would but feebly express my feelings. I refer you to accompanying reports* of commanders of regiments for particulars as to the parts taken by them.

I have to regret the loss of the services of Captain James L. Coker, Sixth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general on my staff. He was seriously wounded while nobly performing his duty.

My couriers and a guide from General Law's brigade, whose name I did not learn, are entitled to my thanks for their conduct on the occasion.

I cannot close without special mention of Courier George Peitz, whose enthusiastic gallantry and intelligent conveyance of orders, after that fall of my acting assistant adjutant-general, contributed greatly to the good order and success of the withdrawal.

Respectfully submitted.

J. BRATTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain R. M. SIMMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Casualties in Jenkins' brigade, Colonel John Bratton commanding, in the action at Lookout Mountain on the night of October 28, 1863.

Officers and men

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

1st South Carolina	 9	 38	 5	 45

2nd South Carolina	 6 	 51	 7	 64

Rifles

5th South Carolina	 9	 84	 9	 102

6th South Carolina	 ---	 13	 3	 16

Hampton Legion	 8	 65	 12	 85

Palmetto	 6	 35	 3	 44

Sharpshooters

Total	 31	 286	 39	 356

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

