
Numbers 43.

Report of Brig. Gen. Jerome B. Robertson, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS TEXAS BRIGADE, Near Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I herewith submit a report of the part taken by my brigade in the affair of the night of the 28th.

On arriving at the railroad I was ordered to report to Brigadier-General Law, who had crossed at the lower bridge. On reporting to him I was ordered to form my brigade in line of battle in the open field at the foot of the first timbered hill, to act as a support to his brigade, which was in line of battle near the road. After remaining in this position a short time I was ordered to send forward to General Law two regiments. I sent my two left regiments [the Third Arkansas and the First Texas], which were placed on the left of General Law's line, the First supporting the Third. From where I first formed line I threw vedettes out to my right to watch the road running up the river from the direction of the enemy's camp near Brown's Ferry.

About the time the Third Arkansas and First Texas got into their positions one of these vedettes reported the enemy on or near the road above alluded to, and they were in the edge of the woods near the open field. I sent and notified General Law of it. I was then ordered to move one regiment to the bridge, and from it send a picket to the mouth of Lookout Creek and one up the Chattanooga road, and with the remainder to guard the bridge. The Fifth Texas was thus disposed of. This bridge guard was placed in the open field near the bridge and across the road leading down the river bank, with a strong picket thrown forward to the base of the hill in the field on the road, and from this picket vedettes were thrown forward to watch the approaches along the river bank.

The Fourth Texas, my remaining regiment, was ordered forward by General Law and placed on the right of his line. Finding that there was a considerable space between the right of General Law's line and the river, I sent forward two men, taken from the vedette post first established, to ascertain the movements of the enemy reported to be there. These men failed to return and were some of the missing. I regret that I did not in the hurry of the moment take their names, as they were very prompt in obeying the order to forward.

After giving orders to that portion of the Fifth guarding the approaches to the bridge to hold their position at every hazard, I hastened to General Law and reported this condition of affairs on his right. Very soon after this I received orders from General Law to form the First Texas Regiment, which he sent me, on the hill in the open field and to the rear of the place where I first formed line of battle, and cover the withdrawal of the command. This was promptly done, and the troops passed out across the bridge leisurely, in good order, without any confusion or excitement. I remained here with the First Texas until ordered by General Law to march this regiment out, which was done.

