
I herewith submit the reports* of the several regimental commanders.

My casualties are 1 wounded and 8 missing.

Respectfully submitted.

J. B. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain TERRELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Law's Brigade.

OCTOBER 27, 1863-Skirmish in Cherokee County, N. C.

Report of Lieutenant C. H. Taylor, Thomas' Legion, C. S. Army.

MURPHY, N. C., November 1, 1863.

SIR: On October 27, General Vaughn, with a detachment of his mounted men, overtook Goldman Bryson, with his company of mounted robbers, in Cherokee County, N. C., attacked him, killing 2 and capturing 17 men and 30 horses.

On the 28th, I left Murphy with 19 men, taking Bryson's trail through the mountains; followed him 25 miles, when I came upon him and fired on him, killing him and capturing 1 man with him. I found in his possession his orders from General Burnside and his roll and other papers.

My men all acted nobly; marched two days, and without anything to eat.

Yours, respectfully,

C. H. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant, Comdg. Company B, Infantry Regiment, Thomas' Legion.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Commanding Battalion, Thomas' Legion.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 56. Knoxville, East Tennessee, October 22, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

VI. Captain G. Bryson, First Tennessee National Guard, is hereby ordered to proceed with his command to North Carolina and vicinity, for the purpose of recruiting, and will return here within a fortnight, when he will report in person at these headquarters.

By order of Major-General Burnside:

EDWARD M. NEILL,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

[General BRAGG:]

Permit me, general, to recommend to your notice C. H. Taylor, lieutenant, who commanded the Indians at the killing of Captain Bryson. You will pardon me, general, in not sending this through the proper channel, as we have no mails.

W. C. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Battalion, Thomas' Legion.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

