
OCTOBER 29, 1863.-Skirmish at Centreville, Tennessee

Report of Maj. General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 3, 1863-11.30 p.m. [Received 3.30 a.m.,4th.]

MAJOR: General R. S. Granger reports from Nashville that he sent a detachment of cavalry from that place, under Lieutenant-Colonel Shelley, to pursue Hawkins and other guerilla chiefs. Overtook Hawkins near Piney Factory. Routed and pursued him to Centreville, where he made a stand. Routed him again and pursued him until his forces dispersed. Rebel loss, 15 or 20 killed and 66 prisoners. Our loss, 1 severely and several slightly wounded.

Rebels have fired 40 or 50 shells from top of Lookout to-day without doing any damage. We are getting supplies by steam-boat up the river as fast as they arrive by railroad at Bridgeport. We shall need more rolling stock on the railroad immediately to keep this army supplied. One of my scouts to-day reports that 20,000 or 30,000 rebels, under Buckner, have moved in direction of Knoxville to attack Burnside. The movement of troops in that direction is corroborated by other scouts, but they do not agree as to numbers.

My river guards, stationed as high up as Piney Creek, report all quiet in their front.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

OCTOBER 29-NOVEMBER 2, 1863.-Scout from Winchester to Fayetteville, Tennessee

Report of Maj. Joseph P. Lesslie, Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

NEAR WINCHESTER, Tennessee, November 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that, according to instructions received at your headquarters October 29, under the instruction of Captain Greenwood, I proceeded to Fayetteville, by way of Lynchburg, where, on account of the inclemency of the weather, we lay over one-half of one day.

On the 31st of October, we arrived at Fayetteville about 12 m., where I established my quarters, allowing my men to occupy the vacant buildings of the town. I then stationed pickets on all the roads leading to town.

On the morning off the 1st November, I sent out two companies for the purpose of pressing stock, in charge of a commissioned officer, with instructions to receipt for all taken.

When the officer in charge returned in the evening he reported to me that he had been informed by good authority that there was a force of not less than 800 strong scattered through the vicinity, composed of three companies of guerrillas-one commanded by Captain Davis, another by Captain George; the other now I do not recollect. Also a detachment of Roddey's force. These were said to be in small detachments through the country. I also received the same information from citizens and negroes. I then ordered a lieutenant and

