
10 men to take a report of the same to your headquarters, but immediately after I received a report to me that the pickets were captured on the Elkton road; also that the pickets were fired on from the bridge across Elk River. Rockets were seen to be thrown up from the opposite side of the river. I then deemed it unsafe for a small force to go through alone, as I countermanded the order, sending the courier, but ordered two companies to proceed at once to take the Elkton road and ascertain the nature of the attack. After an absence of about two hours they returned, bringing the body of Captain Mason, who was in charge of the picket post, and 2 wounded men.

The account the wounded men gave was that at about 8 p.m. a body of about 20 men appeared to them from toward town. They were challenged at the proper distance. When asked, "Who comes there? the reply was, "Friends to relieve the pickets." Then, being ordered by the captain stood in the road, shot him down, fired on the balance of the pickets, and ordered them to surrender. They then passed on to the vedettes, fired on them, wounded 1, and captured another. They did not take the arms or horses from any but the vedettes. They took but 1 prisoner.

I then-this being about 9 p.m.-ordered Major Lamson to take 2 companies and proceed with the led animals and cattle to Winchester, by way of Salem. I remained with the balance of the command to prevent whatever force there might be from crossing the river, as the force was reported to be on the Fayetteville side of Elk River.

I remained there until 7 a.m., when I proceeded to join my command at Winchester, bringing 1 prisoner, said to be a lieutenant lately from Chattanooga at home on sick-leave.

The pressed stock consisted of 76 head of beef cattle, 76 horses, and 15 mules, which have been turned over to the quartermaster. There was no vedette in the rear of the captured picket post. The reason of not having a medical officer along was this: We had but one in the regiment, and he was necessarily detained in camp. All the sick were left with two-thirds the force of the regiment.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. LESSLIE,

Major Fourth Indiana Cavalry.

Maj. W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 1, 1863.-Scout from Bovina Station to Baldwin's Ferry, Miss.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Newell W. Spicer, First Kansas Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST KANSAS MOUNTED RIFLES, Bovina Station, Miss., November 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor respectfully to report that, in obedience to your order, I started at daylight this morning with my command, to reconnoiter the country and roads south of Black River Bridge, between my position and the river, toward Baldwin's Ferry. I penetrated to the ferry, but during my scout discovered no signs of the enemy other than the road-marks of the party, seen by our pickets on yesterday afternoon.

