
The crossing at Baldwin's Ferry I judged not fordable, from the depth of water. It has evidently not been recently used as a crossing place from the absence of any marks or indications and the roads leading to it from this side being effectually blockaded by fallen trees. I attempted to go up the river bank for the purpose of discovering any crossing that might be in that direction, but on account of these obstructions I could not proceed. I discovered no roads leading to the right from the direct road to the ferry, which converges with the Vicksburg road near the plantation of Mrs. Bachelor. Several roads diverge to the left, toward the Black, between the position of our picket and the intersection of the roads, and on one or two of which I sent patrolling parties, but to no great distance, desiring merely to pursue the Baldwin's Ferry road to the crossing. Upon the opposite bank at the ferry is a small earth-work for light artillery, but it had no appearance of having been recently occupied.

I have no accident whatever to report, and, so far as I could ascertain, the enemy has not been seen in the country since yesterday, and for several days previous.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. W. SPICER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brig. General JOSEPH A. MOWER.

NOVEMBER 3, 1863-Skirmish at Lawrenceburg, Tennessee

Report of Maj. Thomas C. Fitz Gibbon, Fourteenth Michigan Infantry, and congratulatory orders.

HDQRS. FOURTEENTH MICH. VOL. MTD. INFTY., Columbia, Tennessee, November 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Early on the morning of the 2nd instant, deserters from the camp of Colonel Albert Cooper informed me of the confinement in jail at Lawrenceburg of many Union citizens who refused to join the rebel army, as also some Federal soldiers captured from the various regiments that have been stationed and passed through here.

Cooper's force was represented as from 200 to 300 strong, partially and imperfectly armed, and as it was rumored that he intended leaving camp the day following, I resolved to surprise and capture him before daylight next morning. For that purpose I had 120 enlisted men, 6 lieutenants, and 2 captains detailed, and apportioning 20 to each lieutenant, and 3 lieutenants to each captain, at 3 p.m. on the evening of the 2nd instant headed for Lawrenceburg. Believing that the oath-bound loyalty of the citizens of Columbia could not be relied upon, I gave out that I was going to Pulaski; and to deceive those who might follow or watch my movements, I proceeded 14 miles on that pike, then turned southwest and went through Campbellsville. I purposed coming in rear [south] of Lawrenceburg, occupy all roads leading to it, at 4 o'clock a.m. dismount my force, and walk into their camp. This could be done, for having no camp or picket guard out, as I had been reliably informed, they might have been taken in their quarters without firing a shot. But infor-

