
hour,when we advanced across the fields, still occupying the right, but had no more engagements with the enemy.

The following is a full list of our casualties: John B. Fidlar, second lieutenant, D Company, gunshot wound in left forearm; Lewis Hillyard, private, D Company, contusion in left shoulder; Charles L. Renz, private, E Company, flesh wound in left leg below the knee.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

By order of D. J. Palmer, lieutenant-colonel commanding:

SAM. W. SNOW,

Adjutant.

Captain GEORGE E. FORD,

A. A. A. G., Second Brig., First Div., 15th A. C.

No. 5.

Report of Colonel George A. Stone, Twenty-fifth Iowa Infantry, of skirmishers October 26-27.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH IOWA INFANTRY,Bridgeport, Ala., December 19, 1863.

GENERAL: In a consequence of our being constantly on the wing for the past sixty days, I have not been able to report you promptly the part taken by my regiment in the engagements of last month. On Sunday evening, October 25, at Cherokee, our division received marching orders for 4 a.m. next day, and accordingly the division moved at the hour indicated in the direction of Tuscumbia, in light marching order, and in fine fighting condition. The First Brigade, Brig. General C. R. Woods commanding, had the advance; and ours, the Second Brigade, Colonel James A. Williamson commanding, the rear. General Osterhaus' orders were very imperative and strict concerning the tactical arrangement of battalions, as the enemy, but some 3 miles in front of us, was composed entirely of cavalry, and equal fully in numerical strength.

About 2 miles from camp we met the enemy's skirmishers,and here formed our line of battle, the First Brigade on the right and the Second on the left, with one of the other divisions of our corps as reserve. My position was on the extreme left, and, in accordance with orders, I formed a square to repel cavalry, first, however, having covered my front properly with skirmishers. Our skirmishers pushed the enemy so vigorously and our lines followed so promptly that after a short resistance he fell back to another position some 4 miles to his rear, and made another stand. The same disposition was again made by our division, the same sharp, short fighting, with the same result-the hasty retreat of the enemy.

We continued this skirmishing during the entire day, and renewed it on the 27th, literally fighting them from Cherokee to Tuscumbia.

We entered the town at 3 p.m. on the 27th.

Sergt. Nehemiah M. Redding, of Company D, was killed while skirmishing on the 26th. I have no other casualties to mention.

Officers and men behaved handsomely.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. STONE,

Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-fifth Iowa Volunteers.

Adjt. General N. B. BAKER,

Davenport, Iowa.

