
words. The rebels fired by rank, but so nervous and unsteady as to pass closer in rear of my reserve than to my advance. Clarke crumbled their right, and, wheeling, aimed for their heart, but it was gone in all directions.

Occupying the court-house with two companies, the remainder pursued the flying force beyond the outskirts of the town. Fearing an ambuscade where there were so many, I ordered that the pursuit should be discontinued where opportunities for such would offer. Captain Walsh, however, could not restrain his fierceness, and taking Lieutenant Kirk and his company with him, drove Scott so close that he dropped him a first lieutenant and 3 men to stay his chase.

The jail and court-house had been emptied of prisoners an hour before our arrival, and, placing some loose cotton in the former, resigned it to the flames. The citizens begged that I would spare the court-house, as its destruction would disfigure and perhaps mutilate and destroy a monument close by, erected in memory of those of its former residents who died on the plains of Mexico defending the Republic.

Apprehending trouble on my return, and anxious to get into an open country before night set in, I gave the prisoners in charge of Lieutenant Kirk, left Lieutenants Clarke and Finn, under Captain Walsh, to guard the rear, while Lieutenants A. P. Sinclair and James Stewart, under Captain Donnelly, were to clear any hinderance to our advance. Lieutenant Miller I held to aid either front or rear when attacked.

The enemy, being informed as to my strength and numbers, felt chagrined at his discomfiture, and gathering his scattered force on the west side of the town, determined to take advantage of the hills and road through which I had to pass to annihilate my little band. I had scarcely gone 2 miles when a courier from the rear informed me that Clarke was hard pressed, and the fierce yells of my assailants gave warning of their near approach. I ordered Captain Walsh and Lieutenant Finn to form in the woods on the right, telling them that I would go back with Clarke's 32, feign an attack, give way, and run by them, when they should open on them and close in their rear. I led Clarke's command to the rear, telling him my intention, but as I advanced to the brow of the hill the rebels were too close upon me to permit of my retiring with any chance of safety; they were about equal to my entire command, drawn up in the form of a crescent, their right resting on the road while the left lapped my rear.

Sending an orderly to the rear to bring up Captain Walsh, I determined to punish them on their own ground or perish in the attempt. I ordered a charge, telling my men to reserve their fire till we could strike them in the face with our revolvers. We were about 30 yards from the rebel semicircular line, and my men, deeming themselves close enough, hesitated for a moment. Putting spurs to my hors I dashed forward to show my contempt for guerrillas that confronted me, and beckoning to the noble and truly gallant Clarke, urged him to follow. Bravely, fearlessly, and heroically did he and his men obey the summons, and up to their very teeth we dashed. At this moment my horse was shot from under me, three of a volley of musket balls having penetrated his heart, brain, and side.

The struggle that now raged over me was fierce, terrific, and appalling, exceeding in stubbornness any hand-to-hand and face-to-face encounter that has marked any war of the present age. Completely encircled by a galling fire, the rebel commander twice essayed to

