
capture us, but the undaunted Clarke still struggled bravely, and though one after another of our horses fell to earth, we converted their bodies into a barricade and cleared the field. Captain Walsh arrived in time to join in the pursuit. The rebels left [as Lieutenant Clarke, who counted the bodies, informed me] 8 of their men in the throes of death behind them, while Sergt. William Davis, who refused to go to the rear, though severely wounded, and Private Beebe L. Saxton, of Company I, and Private Heman Curliss, of Company E, wounded, besides 3 horses killed, was all the loss the "terrible 32" sustained.

Being extricated from my horse by the aid of my faithful orderly, O. B. Brombly, I formed both companies to resist another onslaught, telling them to retire alternately and join the column. Anticipating an immediate attack on the advance I hastened to the front to prepare for it, and scarce had I formed when one of the most terrific but wildest volleys that ever was hurled upon a column greeted Captain Donnelly's command from a frowning hill on his left. Coolly did that gallant officer receive it, and calmly did he deliberate upon his duty. Up that steep hill did he charge with his men, Stewart advancing direct upon their center, while Sinclair struck them on the right flank, both driving them in confused groups into a dense thicket, pouring volley after volley into the confused mass. Never before was such daring, dashing, cool, determined bravery exhibited by men, and, the cry of "no quarter to guerrillas" having been heard above the din and rattle of musketry, drove the enemy through briers and thickets to the mountains.

The force on this hill was little less than 150, half of whom were dismounted and contested Captain Donnelly's ascent. He himself blew the brains out of one, and, as I had ordered that no more prisoners should be taken, he says their loss must have been very great. Both these terrible reverses terrified the assailants, and, if I except one more desperate effort on the rear which Walsh, Clarke, and Finn gallantly met and repulsed, their firing was irregular and at long range. Providentially the only loss sustained by the onslaught upon the front was the killing and wounding of 7 horses, which I soon replaced from the stables of adjacent farm houses.

Finding themselves baffled and defeated at all points, Captain Barness was dispatched to Mount Pleasant, 16 miles ahead, on my line of march, to notify Major Coffee to join and aid in a last attack at that place, he having about 50 guerrillas in the neighboring mountains, but he could not escape the watchful eye of Captain Donnelly, who sent two men on fresh horses in pursuit, and they, being unable to close on him, drove him off the road with their long-range rifles. Ignorant of this, about 100 of the enemy kept in my rear to Mount Pleasant, where the brave "32" were concealed to receive them. The rear of my column having passed out of town, these cowardly murderers galloped up, shouting as they came, when Lieutenant Clarke wheeled his men into line and, delivering one volley in their face, scattered them in all directions to trouble us no more.

I reached this post at 6 p.m., after an absence of twenty-seven hours, having traveled 82 miles, fought and defeated four times a superior force having advantage of ground and position, without food or rest. The prisoners, 26 in number, including 1 captain and 2 lieutenants, I turned over to Provost-Marshall Nixon, thus making in six days 107 prisoners captured by a single battalion.

It will doubtless seem strange to some that in such terrible and

16 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

