
close conflicts between armed forces, so few are killed and wounded, but to the intelligent officer or soldier who has witnessed the unwieldy clumsiness of a Springfield rifle in the hands of a mounted man, the wonder is easy of solution. Such men as compose the Fourteenth Michigan, armed with breech-loading rifles or revolvers, would prove themselves a terror to any force with which they would come in contact. No tremulous hesitation, no fear of danger or of death, no retiring to load, or excuse to go to the rear, was visible in officer or soldier. They fought coolly, bravely, nobly; repulsing every attack, and breaking every line and barrier that interposed between them and success. The State of Michigan and the Republic [have] just reason to be proud of such noble sons and gallant defenders.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

THOMAS C. FITZ GIBBON,

Major, Commanding Fourteenth Michigan Volunteers.

Captain A. E. MAGILL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,

No. 38. Nashville, Tennessee, November 8, 1863.

The general commanding compliments the officers and men of the Fourteenth Regiment of Michigan Volunteers. The late brilliant scouts through Lawrence, Giles, and Maury have done credit to our arms and taught the people of that section that our flag is carried by men who mean that it shall be respected. The general commanding feels assured that every portion of this command will emulate the energy, zeal, and gallantry of this regiment.

By order of Brig. Gen. R. S. Granger:

W. NEVIN,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 3-5, 1863-Operations on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Nov.3, 1863.-Skirmish at Quinn and Jackson's Mill, Coldwater River, Miss.

Action at Collierville, Tennessee

5, 1863.-Skirmish at Moscow, Tennessee

Skirmish at La Fayette, Tennessee

REPORTS.*

No. 1.-Maj. Gen. Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.

No. 2.-Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry, commanding Third

Cavalry Brigade.

No. 3.-Lieutenant Colonel George W. Trafton, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

No. 4.-Brig. Gen. James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army.

No. 5.-Colonel Robert McCulloch, Second Missouri Cavalry, commanding

brigade.

No. 6.-Colonel W. F. Slemons, Second Arkansas Cavalry, commanding brigade.

No. 7.-Colonel R. V. Richardson, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry,

---------------

*See Union Correspondence, etc., November 1, Stevenson to Hurlbut, and Hurlbut to Dodge and Mizner; November 3, Hurlbut to Hatch, Mizner and Stevenson, and replies, Part III.

---------------

