
No. 1.

Reports of Maj. Gen. Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps.

MEMPHIS, November 4, 1863.

Chalmers was handsomely repelled by Colonel Hatch with three regiments of cavalry. General George captured. The railroad and telegraph unhurt. The enemy are south of Coldwater, 3,000 strong, and Hatch is waiting for Mizner and McCrillis to come up from Corinth and la Grange on their rear and flank.

Dodge commences crossing the river to-day.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Major-General GRANT, Chattanooga.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

GENERAL: Your orders contained in letter of 31st October, this day received, have been anticipated so far as it was practicable with present force.

No troops have as yet arrived from Arkansas, and therefore I have no movable column at Memphis.

I have ordered Stevenson, in the event of an attack in force, to draw in everything to Corinth as far as Moscow, and for that purpose directed him to keep a train and two engines.

Chalmers attacked Collierville day before yesterday, and was repulsed and pursued by Colonel Hatch with the Second Iowa, Sixth and Seventh Illinois. I filled the Germantown and Collierville garrison with the Twenty-fifth Indiana Infantry.

The enemy's loss was serious in killed and wounded. Brigadier-General George, of Mississippi Militia, and 8 officers captured at Collierville. Hatch followed to Chulahoma. Mizner was ordered from La Grange to their flank and rear, but has not been heard from.

This morning at 3 a.m. the enemy, about 1,000 strong, pushed in 5 miles east of Saulsbury and commenced destroying track; damage not ascertained. Hatch and Mizner are ordered to push in upon them. I think the road is badly broken, but cannot yet tell. Corinth must take care of itself in that case until re-enforcement from Steele arrive. I fear McPherson will scarcely get Tuttle's division up for want of fuel.

Your obedient servant,S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Maj. Gen. WILLIAM T. SHERMAN.

No. 2.

Reports of Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry, commanding Third Cavalry Brigade.

COLLIERVILLE, Tennessee,

November 3, 1863.

The enemy in force, under Chalmers, attacked this place about 12 o'clock to-day and were badly whipped by 3 o'clock. They are in

