
guite a number of small-arms. Our loss in killed, wounded, and missing will not exceed 60 men. Our force engaged at Collierville was about 850 men. The enemy have left dead and wounded for more than 30 miles on their line of retreat, also broken wagons and ambulances. The Seventh Illinois was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Trafton, the Second Iowa by Lieutenant-Colonel Hepburn, Sixth Illinois by Major Whitsit, four guns First Illinois Light Artillery by Lieutenant Curtis, two howitzers by Lieutenant Reed, Second Iowa Cavalry. The guns in the stockade were ably served by Lieutenant Wainwright, Seventh Illinois Cavalry. All obeyed my orders cheerfully and promptly, and fought their men with credit to themselves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel Second Iowa Cavalry, Comdg. Third Brigade.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Sixteenth Army Corps.

No. 3.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Trafton, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY, Collierville, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

SIR: On Saturday, the 1st instant, I had two companies, viz, M and B, in all about 50 men, on picket at Quinn and Jackson's Mill. Just before dark a courier came in stating that they were attacked from across Coldwater. In about three hours afterward another courier reported that the enemy, about 150 in number, had retreated, and that all was quiet. The next morning I sent a scouting party across Coldwater about 6 miles from the mill; they returned, having found no trace of the enemy. The next morning, the 3rd, a courier came stating the pickets were surrounded by a large force of rebels; another soon followed saying they were advancing in force to this place. I immediately sent reconnoitering parties on all the roads, and Company L on the Quinn and Jackson's Mill road, with instructions to delay their approach as much as possible. They met them about 4 miles out and skirmished, then falling back slowly toward camp. A little before 11 o'clock they came in sight of our inner pickets and were fired on by them, which delayed them for a short time; about this time the Second Iowa Cavalry came up and took position on right and left flanks; the action was now very warm and lasted about three hours, the Sixth Illinois Cavalry and a battalion of the Second Tennessee having meantime come up and joined in the engagement. The enemy were repulsed with considerable loss to them.

The next morning, 4th, we started a little after 3 a.m. in pursuit; followed them as far as Chulahoma; learned they had crossed the Tallahatchie at Berlin. To-day returned to camp.

Our los in the engagement was as follows: At the picket post, at Quinn and Jackson's Mill, on the morning of the 3rd, 2 men mortally wounded, 2 severely, and 26 missing [among the latter was First Lieutenant Joseph O'Kane, of Company B]; in camp 1 man wounded; making, in all, a total of 31 killed, wounded, and missing. We had also 3 horses killed and 6 wounded.

