
ments of cavalry, I changed my plan and determined to attack Collierville.

Starting before day on the morning of the 3rd, we crossed Coldwater below Quinn's Mill; moved in rear of the pickets and cut them off, killing 2, wounding 4 too severely to move, and capturing a lieutenant and 26 men. This was about 10 o'clock, and we moved thence by two road [Slemons on the western and McCulloch on the eastern road] to Collierville. The citizens up to within a mile of the place confirmed the statement of Henderson's scouts, that there was but one regiment at Collierville; and believing that if that were true the enemy would skirmish with me until re-enforcement could arrive, I ordered a charge to take the place by assault. Colonel Slemons moving on the left, and McCulloch on the left, charged up very gallantly. But we discovered at the first fire that the enemy were in position with infantry, artillery, and cavalry, and I determined at once to draw off as soon as we could do so successfully, and for this purpose ordered McCulloch's brigade to dismount and skirmish with the enemy until Slemons could be formed in his rear to cover his retreat. This was accomplished easily and in good order, each brigade forming alternately in rear of the other until we were out of reach of the enemy, when we moved slowly by the eastern road back to Quinn's Mill, and crossed Coldwater. The enemy pursued us with his artillery and a small force on the road, while his cavalry moved down the western road and endeavored to cut us off, but did not succeed. The Seventh Tennessee [Colonel Duckworth] was placed on that road to hold them in check until our column crossed. After Duckworth crossed the enemy came up to the river and opened a furious fire of small-arms, which was soon silenced by Captain Bledsoe with a few shots from his rifled gun, by which, it is said, he killed 7 men and 15 horses. We encamped within 3 miles of the mill. Started at 2 o'clock and crossed Tallahatchie that day before night.

Colonel McCrillis, with two regiments of cavalry and four pieces of artillery, taken from between La Grange and Corinth, moved through Holly Springs the same day to cut me off from the Tallahatchie; but, anticipating such a movement, we moved rapidly and eluded him.

My loss at Collierville was 6 killed, 63 wounded, and 26 prisoners. Among the last, Colonel J. Z. George and my chief surgeon, Dr. William H. Beatty. Colonel George led the charge made by Slemons' brigade, and rode into the town followed by Captain Scales and Lieutenant Lamkin, of his regiment, and a few of his men. The main body of his regiment did not follow him, and, as we were mistaken about the force at Collierville, it is, perhaps, best that they did not.

The loss of the enemy at Collierville is not known, but believed to have been heavy. His loss at Quinn's Mill, including the skirmishes of the morning and evening, were 9 men and 15 horses killed, a lieutenant and 26 men taken prisoners.

We have learned since the fight that infantry came down from the east on the 2nd, and that Colonel Hatch, with three regiments of cavalry, encamped on that night at Germantown, expecting me there, but holding himself ready to re-enforce Collierville, which was but 7 miles distant, and that he arrived there as we did. Colonel Richardson's command had been greatly reduced by details sent after clothing and by desertion, and Major-General Gholson, having heard

