
No. 6.

Reports of Maj. General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Confederate Cavalry in Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Camp 19 Miles East of Tuscumbia, October 20, 1863.

COLONEL: For the information of General Johnston, I have the honor to report that up to the 19th instant General Wheeler declined to cross the Tennessee River with me, not deeming his command in condition to do so feeling it incumbent on him to await instructions from General Bragg.

On the 17th, the inclosed copy of a communication from General Bragg was received,which indicates orders for a move in conjunction with my command will be sent. The communication was a reply to one from General Wheeler, written before the general was aware of my being near South Florence. No reply has yet been received to my communication to General Bragg, but it is expected at any moment.

I feel it incumbent on me to remain here some days longer till something more is heard from General Bragg, as General Wheeler feels confident the general intends an offensive move. The river is now too high for fording (since 17th), but is falling slowly, though I fear will not fall sufficient for fording for six or eight days, if at all this season.

The enemy are in the vicinity of Huntsville. General Roddey is over the river, and cannot cross to this side. I fear my expedition will be of no avail, as the enemy certainly are aware of the presence of so large a cavalry force in this vicinity by this time. General Wheeler's command was much demoralized by plunder, and officers and men behaved unbecomingly on the trip, thinking more of their plunder than of fighting the enemy. The enemy are certainly repairing the road from Corinth in this direction,and have repaired beyond Iuka. They have made several offensive moves across Bear Creek, but have been repulsed. I hope to report soon having crossed the river on my return to Mississippi.

Forage is scarce in this valley. General Wheeler's command is in the vicinity of Courtland. The last report from Huntsville gives a rumor that Rosecrans is sending troops back to Murfreesborough.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Major-General.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., to General Johnston, Meridian, Miss.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, October 14, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,Courtland:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 9th, reporting your operations in Middle Tennessee, the general commanding desires me to say that he wishes you will without delay get your command in readiness for active movement in conjunction with Major-General Lee.

