
greatest coolness and gallantry, I was ordered to fall back, and retired slowly from the field, mounting my men, and directed Colonel Hovis to form in line of battle and hold the enemy in check, while with the rest of the brigade I moved off. After the entire column had passed near half an hour, Colonel Hovis retired slowly, expecting to find a support near.

After going about 3 miles the pursuing enemy fired on his rear guard, when he formed line of battle to repel their advance. The enemy halted and commenced shelling at long range, when he fell back according to orders, leaving Major Park with three companies to guard his rear. When in sight of the crossing on Coldwater, finding the command had not all crossed, Colonel Hovis again formed in line of battle and remained until the enemy opening a heavy fire, he crossed the river, dismounted his men, and returned to the ford and opened a brisk fire on the enemy, who soon retired.

Major Park and the companies under him are entitled to the highest praise for holding the enemy in check, thereby enabling the command to cross the river without confusion.

I may also mention that Captain Bledsoe, with his rifled gun, did good service at Coldwater in repelling the advance of the enemy.

You will find herewith inclosed a report* of the casualties in my command; also of the horses, arms, equipments, and other property captured+ and the disposition made of them.

All of which is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

R. McCULLOCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 6.

Report of Colonel W. F. Slemons, Second Arkansas Cavalry, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SLEMONS' BRIGADE, Burlingham, November 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders of this date, I have the honor to forward herewith the following report of the engagements at Collierville, Tennessee, and Quinn's Mill, Miss.:

About 12 m. on November 3, I received orders from General Chalmers to move on Collierville, my command being at the [time] on the Quinn's Mill and Collierville [road.] Putting my force in motion-at that time consisting of George's cavalry, the Third Mississippi, and a detachment of the Second Arkansas, the Seventh Tennessee having been left south of Coldwater as an escort for the artillery-moving rapidly in the direction of Collierville, I encountered the enemy's skirmishers about 6 miles from town, and drove them back rapidly to a point known as the White House, where the enemy, re-enforced, made a stubborn resistance under cover of fences and farm houses, from which position a spirited dash upon their flank by Lieutenant Allen, Second Arkansas, forced them to retire. From this point, the country being open, I was enabled to bring my entire

---------------

*See inclosure to Chalmers' report, p.249.

+Not found.

---------------

