
force against them, forming rapidly my line of battle-the right [Colonel George's regiment] resting on the Mount Pleasant road, my left [Colonel Barksdale, Third Mississippi] resting on the Collierville and Quinn's Mill road, the Second Arkansas acting as flankers.

My line of battle had scarcely been formed for the advance when the enemy opened on my right and center with light artillery. Believing it better to advance without waiting for further reconnaissance or re-enforcements than to risk the moral effect upon my troops [most of whom were new] of falling back out of range of the artillery, the order to advance was given, and the line moved steadily on to within 300 yards of the enemy's lines, which were partially concealed behind the crest of a ridge, when he opened upon me a heavy fire of artillery directly in front. I at once ordered the charge, which was responded to in gallant style. When within 60 yards of the brow of the hill the enemy opened upon us a most destructive fire of small-arms along our whole line. This fire was from rifle-pits, of the existence of which I was totally ignorant. At this shock the whole line wavered and showed signs of confusion.

About this time Colonel McCulloch appeared on the extreme left of the enemy's lines and attacked them vigorously, but for some time, say fifteen minutes, was unable to attract their attention from me. Having succeeded in drawing their attention, enabled me to withdraw my men in order, after having been under heavy fire for about one hour, the attack upon the place in front being a failure. Received an order from General Chalmers to move around to the support of Colonel McCulloch, who by this time had become closely engaged with the enemy's left. Moving rapidly to the right, I took position in rear of Colonel McCulloch, who withdrew upon the Mount Pleasant road; thence on the road to Quinn's Mill, on Coldwater, the enemy pursuing us closely with two pieces of artillery.

At Coldwater they made a dash upon the rear guard, under Lieutenant Allen, Second Arkansas, who being thrown from his horse fell into the hands of the enemy. My rear was attacked in its passage of the bridge, but no damage done. I formed on the south bank of the stream, and a brisk engagement sprang up for the possession of the bridge, which lasted until after dark, when the enemy withdrew. Leaving a force to guard the bridge and crossings in vicinity, I withdrew 3 miles and went into camp, from which point I moved to this place on the 4th.

My loss in these engagements was considerable, as you will see from list* of casualties forwarded herewith.

The conduct of the troops under my command, with a few exceptions, in the presence of the enemy was good.

Colonels George and Barksdale have a reputation too well established for gallantry to be benefitted by any comment from me. Colonel George, with a gallantry discarding caution, dashed on ahead of his men and fell into the hands of the enemy.

It would be doing them injustice were I to omit speaking of the promptness and coolness with which Lieutenant R. A. Sandford, my acting assistant adjutant-general, and Captain P. H. Echols, Second Arkansas, my aide-de-camp, executed every order in the thickest of the fight. I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. SLEMONS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

---------------

*See inclosure to Chalmers' report, p.249.

---------------

