
movements, who will report daily. It is also rumored that the Yankees are fortifying and crossing the Tennessee River at Eastport. My headquarters will be Chesterville for a few days.

Very respectfully,

R. V. RICHARDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Northeast Mississippi.

Brig. Gen. JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Commanding North Mississippi.

NOVEMBER 4, 1863.-Skirmish at Motley's Ford, Little Tennessee River, Tennessee

Report of Brig. Gen. William P. Sanders, U. S. Army, commanding First Cavalry Division, Department of the Ohio, with complimentary letter from Maj. Gen. John G. Parke.

MARYVILLE, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

GENERAL: Lieutenant-Colonel Adams has just returned from the Little Tennessee with 40 prisoners, 4 commissioned officers, all captured at Motley's Ford. Colonel Adams got near the river just as a regiment was crossing the river; charged them; drove them into the river, where he says at least 40 or 50 were killed or drowned in crossing, as his men were within a few yards of them while in the water. He describes the sight of the rebels in the river as most frightful; says the entire regiment of rebels lost their arms.

The prisoners and a citizen who escaped from them report Cheatham between Philadelphia and Loudon, with five brigades; Stevenson at Morganton with two brigades; Vaughn has 2,500 men on the other side of Little Tennessee, and a brigade at Sweet Water. Report says Forrest arrived at Sweet Water with 8,000 men; only rumor in the rebel camp. Report says the rebels are moving everything in the way of cattle and provisions south.

There are no rebels on this side the Little Tennessee River. Colonel Adams was at Niles' Ferry and Motley's Island. He saw quite a large force on the other side; estimates it at 2,000.

Respectfully,

W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Maj. Gen. J. G. PARKE.

P. S.-Colonel Adams lost no men. He completely surprised the rebel camp.

KNOXVILLE, November 5, 1863-7.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General SANDERS,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this evening, announcing Colonel Adams' forces on the Little Tennessee, just received. The general is much pleased with your report, and directs that you will please tender his thanks to Lieutenant-Colonel Adams and his regiment for the daring attack and fruitful results.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

