
condition to make an efficient diversion by destroying the enemy's line of railroad between Atlanta and Dalton, and at the same time check Longstreet's advance in this direction, or with this additional cavalry and 10,000 infantry from Sherman's command he could resist Longstreet even if neither of the above-described diversions should prove successful.

6. In the event of an absolute necessity of leaving this country, General Burnside is of the opinion that it would not be advisable for him to march by way of Kingston, as General Grant has suggested, and this for the reasons that if he is going there he must start at once; that it will be impossible to collect there more than four days' subsistence for troops, while no forage can

be got there for animals; that by going there he will yield to the rebels the rich region south and east, whence he now draws the mass of his supplies; and that while he is about as far from junction with Thomas as here, he is of just as little use to East Tennessee as if he were at Chattanooga. Besides, if he is to retreat to Kingston, he must move now before the road is blocked, and this will uncover all the gaps in the Cumberland Mountains and thus expose the trains and animals now coming through them to danger of loss.

7. By holding Knoxville as long as possible he can continue collecting food and forage and living off the country to the latest moment. As to collecting these ahead he finds it impracticable, four days' being the largest supply of meat and grain he has been able to amass, even with the 100 miles of railroad on which he now runs undisturbedly 5 locomotives and 22 freight cars, all of which he gives up by leaving Knoxville, as also all the mills and workshops which he is using.

8. If finally compelled he proposes to retreat on the line of Cumberland Gap, and hold Morristown and Bean's Station, which he

would now fortify with a view to such a contingency. At these points he will be secure against any force the enemy can bring against him; he will still be able to forage over a large extent of country on the south and east; he can prevent the repair of the railroad by the rebels, and he will still have an effective hold on East Tennessee. At Morristown there are mills here he can grind a supply of flour and meal. His troops he reports as in first-rate fighting order, with the exception of some raw regiments of East Tennesseeans and sixmonth's men from Indiana. Present fine weather he regards as more favorable to the enemy than to us; it lowers the rivers and enables them to move into new positions. Heavy rains would check Longstreet, but would not stop our foraging, which is not only carried on by the railroad but can also be kept up by flat-boats down the numerous streams flowing hitherward.

[C. A. DANA.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

KNOXVILLE, November 14, 1863-6 a.m.

Enemy began at midnight building two bridges across Tennessee near Loudon. Burnside has determined to retreat toward the gaps. Ninth

Corps at Lenoir's and White's division near Loudon ordered to fall back on Knoxville, destroying cotton factory at Lenoir's

