
In the meantime, you will make inquiry as to the best means of crossing your command at some point between your present position and Bellefonte. Should the enemy, previous to orders for your movement, lay himself open to attack, strike him at once. His Excellency President Davis has been here and read your report. He requested the general commanding to make known to you and your command his satisfaction and appreciation of your services. Horseshoes can be had at Rome.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The general directs that your order Colonel J. E. Forrest, commanding North Alabama, to have the Memphis and Charleston Railroad effectually torn up from the nearest point to the enemy.

Respectfully,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Cane Creek, 10 Miles West of Tuscumbia, October 21, 1863-5 p.m.

SIR: I received this morning your communication of the 17th instant. On its receipt my command was then in motion to meet the enemy advancing from Big Bear Creek. The enemy was attacked about 11 a.m. and his cavalry driven back to the vicinity of Cherokee Station, 14 miles from Tuscumbia. Here we encountered a large cavalry force, which I find to be Osterhaus' and Blair' divisions, of Sherman's corps, which is advancing, repairing the road as they advance. Sherman's headquarters are at Iuka. From a prisoner taken I find that Sherman's corps has been increased, and the supposed destination is Chattanooga. I will check the command as far as is in my power. Their cavalry force is about two regiments,and they keep close to infantry supports.

I do not consider it prudent to go to Middle Tennessee with my command-at any rate until the cavalry which pursued General Wheeler has returned to its original position. Scouts now report it in the vicinity of Shelbyville. I will destroy the railroad as rapidly as possible. General Roddey is across the river at Rogersville. I will order his brigade to this side, as otherwise it will soon be cut off. I do not think the river will be fordable again this season. I had no time specified to be absent from Mississippi. Was sent for a specific purpose, viz, to cut the road between Chattanooga and Nashville. Will remain at least until I hear from General Johnston.

I am, major, yours, respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Major-General.

Major GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Army of Tennessee, near Chattanooga.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Ten Miles West of Tuscumbia, October 22, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose copies of communications from General Bragg to General Wheeler and myself.

