
I procured at Knoxville a dispatch from General Crittenden to Burnside, dated Chattanooga, September 10, informing Burnside, by order of Rosecrans, that Rosecrans' right was then at Rome and Crittenden in full pursuit of Bragg. If General Halleck has not this document to use in preparing his annual report I can telegraph it.

A dispatch of Rosecrans to Granger, after occupation of Chattanooga, informing Granger "our great flanking movement continues," General Halleck may also desire. Pleasant.

[C. A. DANA.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, November 19, 1863.-12 m.*

I omitted to report in my dispatch of 12 m. yesterday that I had conversed with General Parke relative to Burnside's plan of holding Morristown and Bean's Station, and that Parke pronounced the project impracticable because the enemy could pass up behind Clinch Mountain and cut off all possibilities of retreat.

[C. A. DANA.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, November 21, 1863.

Following is letter of Crittenden to Burnside, mentioned in my dispatch of the 18th:
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST ARMY CORPS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Chattanooga, September 18 [10,] 1863-2 a.m.

Maj. Gen. AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,Commanding Department of the Ohio, Tennessee River:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding the Department of the Cumberland to inform you that I am in full possession of this place, having entered it yesterday at 12 m. without resistance. The enemy has retreated in the direction of Rome, Ga., the last of his force [cavalry] having left a few hours before my arrival. At daylight I made a rapid pursuit with my corps, and hope that he will be intercepted by the center and right, the latter of which was at Rome. The general commanding the department requests that you move down your cavalry and occupy the country recently covered by Colonel Minty, who will report particulars to you, and who has been ordered to cross the river.

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

This letter made Burnside believe Rosecrans, perfectly successful, needing no assistance whatever.

On September 9, Rosecrans wrote to Granger, saying:

Chattanooga is ours. Our movement on the enemy's flank and rear goes on.

The rest of this letter is occupied with directions for the movement of various troops.

On September 9, Rosecrans ordered Crittenden to pursue Bragg.

The general commanding directs that you leave a light brigade to hold Chattanooga, and with the balance of your command pursue the enemy with the utmost vigor. Attack his rear whenever you can do so with a fair opportunity to inflict injury upon him. Order your train to follow your line of march under a sufficient

---------------

*For portion of dispatch here omitted, see Part II,p.-.

---------------

