
escort. Your march will probably lead you near Ringgold, and from thence to the vicinity of Dalton. General Thomas marches on La Fayette, and General McCook on Alpine and Summerville.

On the same day Thomas was ordered:

The general commanding directs you to move your command as rapidly as possible to La Fayette, and make every exertion to strike the enemy in flank, and, if possible, to cut off his escape.

While at Stevens' Gap Rosecrans told me that General Halleck had refused to allow him to advance beyond Dalton, saying that after Rosecrans had reached that point they would confer respecting further movements. Copies of all the above-cited documents are forwarded by mail. Weather dull and rainy.

[C. A. DANA.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CHARLESTON, Tennessee, December 1, 1863-7 a.m.

Sherman arrived here yesterday at 1 p.m. Howard leading on one road and Davis on another. Small rebel force here fled toward Loudon, destroying pontoon bridge and breaking out 36 feet of the railroad bridge. The latter has been repaired and planked upon the rails, and troops are now moving across. Granger not heard from; should have reached mouth of the Hiwassee yesterday. No news form Knoxville. Cold.

[C. A. DANA.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MORGANTON, Tennessee, December 4, 1863-4 p.m.

The cavalry brigade under Colonel Long, which General Sherman had kept out of sight on his right flank and rear till the afternoon of the 2nd instant [Wednesday], was sent to the front at Sweet Water, and pushed forward with all haste to Loudon, where it arrived at 3.30 p.m., with the design, if possible, of surprising Longstreet's rear guard and seizing his bridge across the Tennessee. The advance from Sweet Water was made with such dash as to capture the enemy's pickets, but he displayed a considerable force at his bridgehead, with two pieces of artillery, and Long judged it prudent not to attack.

Yesterday morning Howard's corps entered Loudon and found the bridge destroyed, 3 locomotives and 48 cars run into the river, and all the public stores burned. The main body of the army marched yesterday to this place, where it was believed a practicable ford might be found, and Ewing's division reached here at 11 a.m. The ford, however, proved too deep for men, the river being 200 yards wide and the water almost at freezing point. Horses and wagons can be forded, though not with perfect ease. General Wilson, of Grant's staff, who was with the advance, at once set about the construction of a trestle bridge, and by working all last night has it now so far advanced that troops can begin to cross by dark this evening.

Meanwhile an old

