
CHATTANOOGA, December 10, 1863-2 p.m.

Left Knoxville with General Sherman at 8 a.m. Monday, 7th instant. He has gone to Tellico Plains with the Fifteenth Corps, sending also a cavalry expedition about 1,000 strong to Murphy, N. C., to destroy a rebel wagon train, and, if practicable, make a raid as far as Dahlonega. At the same time the division of Jeff. C. Davis occupies Columbus and Benton, on the Hiwassee, and the Eleventh Corps is posted at Athens and Charleston. These forces will eat out the country and be here week hence. Granger grumbled and complained so much about the destitution of his men that Burnside drew his two divisions into Knoxville, and, with all his own troops, moved out on Monday morning to pursue Longstreet.

Foster had not yet arrived, but Burnside expected to deliver the command to him in a day or two and go north, via Cumberland Gap. Elliott's cavalry moved from Sparta for Kingston on the 5th instant, eight days later than they should have moved; by whose fault I have not yet learned. Longstreet was retreating in an orderly manner with all his artillery. His rear guard was at Strawberry Plains on afternoon of 6th.

No news here. Thomas and Grant have gone for the day to visit Chickamauga battle-field. The campaign here being concluded, I ask leave to go north. If Grant is to make his proposed Alabama campaign, and you desire me to accompany him, I can join him from New York or Washington as well as from here. I am sure that I can be more useful anywhere else than I can here, since all has become safe, quiet, and regular. Weather sunny and beautiful.

[C. A. DANA.]

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, December 11, 1863-12 m.

I learn from General Thomas that the orders to Elliott to move his division against Longstreet reached him at Alexandria on the 26th ultimo, and on his answering that he did not understand them, were repeated and explained to him by telegraph the same day, upon which he replied that he now understood perfectly and would move at once. Alexandria is 80 miles from Kingston, and he should have reached the latter place on the 1st instant at farthest. But it now appears that he did not start till the 7th instant, for what reason is yet unknown. Grant has ordered him to report why in writing. His division is not less than 3,500 strong, with fresh horses.

General F. P. Blair goes north this day on leave, with permission to apply for authority to visit Washington. He told me he would not resign if the Government would give him a command, which General Grant says he is already to do without his going to Washington. But one of his staff informs me that he claims an army corps, on the ground that President Lincoln had promised him the Fifteenth Corps, but that when A.[Lincoln] went to the War Office to have the assignment made he found E. M. [Stanton] had already appointed J. A. Logan. Grant is very angry with Granger for misconduct in the Chattanooga battle, and now for unwillingness to

