HEADQUARTERS, Knoxville, November 21, 1863.

The enemy has not yet attempted an assault; he is, however, busily engaged throwing up batteries and making approaches.

We have the town completely surrounded by a continuous line of rifle-pits and batteries, and hold the heights on the opposite side of the river.

A desultory fire is kept up along our skirmish line, which is from 500 to 1,000 yards beyond our line of rifle-pits. The enemy thus far has not attempted a complete investment. His main body seems to occupy the ground extending from the river below town around to the Clinton road. There has been occasional cannonading since the 18th. Our loss has been trifling. The death of General Sanders is a serious loss, and keenly felt by us all. We have on hand eight days' bread, half rations; fifteen days' beef, and of fresh pork full rations, and an abundance of salt. Our forage trains cross the river daily, and have so far been successful. The cavalry force that threatened us on the opposite side of the river have retired from that immediate front and gone certainly beyond Little River, and there is but a small force between Little River and the Little Tennessee. The rains of last night and this morning will render the streams unfordable. We have a reasonable supply of ammunition, and the command is in good spirits. The officers and men have been indefatigable in their labors to make this place impregnable.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

General GRANT.

KNOXVILLE, November 23, 1863. [Received Chattanooga, 25th.]

The enemy are still in our front. They have not yet molested the place, but hold all outlines here and other side of the river. Our defenses are comparatively strong, the men in good spirits; we have provisions for, say, ten or twelve days longer, and will hold out as long as we can. It is possible the enemy are strong enough to carry the place by assault. The enemy have last night attempted to break our pontoon bridge by floating rafts down against it, but did not succeed. We have taken precautions which we hope will defeat any future attempt.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

Major-General GRANT.

KNOXVILLE, Tennessee, November 28, 1863.

I dispatched you last on the 23d. During that night a body of the enemy crossed the river about 3 miles below our lines and established themselves on a high point just beyond our picket line and threw up a rifle-pit facing our position on that side. During next day and the forenoon of the 25th, continued skirmishing went on, and on that afternoon they assaulted our right on that side of the river with two brigades. Colonel Cameron, who held that position with his brigade, held his ground in the most gallant manner, and finally repulsed them and drove them half way up the opposite hill, inflict-

