
On the night of the 20th, my command was put in motion to repel the enemy at this point. We attacked and drove the enemy to Cherokee Station, 4 miles west of this, where a large infantry force was encountered, and last evening I withdrew to this point. The force of the enemy consists of Osterhaus' division, and another, reported as Blair's, of Sherman's corps. Sherman's headquarters are said to be at Iuka by a prisoner captured. The enemy are gradually advancing, with an infantry force repairing the railroad. Their cavalry consists of about two regiments, and keeps close on their infantry. I do not anticipate a rapid advance of the enemy, as they are now in advance of their work. I am thoroughly destroying the railroad, and will impede their advance as much as possible.

General Roddey is over the Tennessee River. I have ordered him to cross at once, and so soon as he crosses will commence interfering more materially with the enemy's work. I do not consider it prudent at present to attempt to cross the Tennessee, as the cavalry of the enemy is in the vicinity of the railroad, and outnumbers my command. I shall remain in this valley until I hear from the general, and would suggest that General Chalmers be kept active on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad to impede the work of the enemy as much as possible. Have ordered an escort to be in readiness at Okolona to come with some ammunition I need and send for. It may be necessary for the train to come into the valley opposite Courtland, as the route by Russellville I do not consider safe. The enemy are without doubt rebuilding the railroad, and have the cars running to Bear Creek. Their force is nearly altogether infantry.

My loss yesterday was 3 killed and 12 or 15 wounded.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Major-General.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Missionary Ridge, October 17, 1863.

Maj. General S. D. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding instructs me to say that he desires you will remain in this department as long as you can consistently with your instructions, and operate against the advancing columns of the enemy, checking and impeding him, breaking his communications, and, if possible, throwing a force north of the Tennessee, and to strike at the enemy's rear. Our cavalry in North Alabama will report to and act under you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Missionary Ridge, October 17, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Courtland, Ala.:

GENERAL: The general commanding instructs me to say that he wishes you to move with your command in that direction, and that

