
ing severe loss upon them. Our loss was about 50; that of the enemy about 150.

Appearances indicating that the enemy were concentrating a heavy force there for another attack, our position was strengthened and re-enforcements placed at the disposal of Brigadier-General Shackelford, who commanded the forces on the south side of the river. No further demonstration has been made on that side, and we still hold the same skirmish line as at the close of the fight. The enemy are still at work on the hill held by them. On this side of the river the situation is nearly the same as at last accounts. The enemy have thrown up some new works, but have not extended their lines, and no enemy is visible on our right except cavalry. Skirmishing is continual on our left, but we still hold the same line. Be sending our trains on the roads still open to us, we have been enabled to keep up a fair supply of forage and subsistence.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General GRANT,

Chattanooga.

KNOXVILLE, November 30, 1863. [Received, Chattanooga, 3rd.]

On the evening of the 28th, about 11 p.m., the enemy made an attack in force upon our picket line to the right of the Kingston road and forced us back some distance in front of Fort Sanders, the work commanding that road.

We afterward regained a portion of the distance. Sharp skirmishing continued nearly all night. About half past 6 yesterday morning they moved a column of assault of three brigades against Fort Sanders. In spite of our heavy fire, a portion of two brigades succeeded in gaining the ditch, but were unable to ascend the parapet. We swept the ditch with an enfilading fire with much slaughter. The rest of the attacking column retreated in confusion. We sent out a detachment, to whom the rebels in the ditch surrendered. About 300 men and 3 stand of colors were taken. Their killed and wounded amount to about 500. Our entire loss was about 20.

The morning being very cold and frosty, and the enemy's wounded in our ditch and in front of the fort crying for help, I sent out a flag of truce, offering the opportunity of caring for their wounded and burying their dead. General Longstreet gratefully accepted the offer, and a cessation of hostilities till 5 p.m. was agreed upon. Their slightly wounded were exchanged for our slightly wounded lost in previous affairs, and their dead sent to their lines. Ninety-eight dead passed through our hands, among them Colonel Ruff, commanding Wofford's brigade, which led the assault; Colonel McElroy, and Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas.

A simultaneous assault was made upon the right of our line, on the other side of the river, by a rebel brigade. They carried our first line of rifle-pits, but were soon after driven from them, and the whole line regained and held. Our loss on that side was about 40; that of the enemy is thought to be greater.

Our supply of provisions continues the same. The men are in the best of spirits. We have nothing definite of your movements, and are very anxious.

