
KNOXVILLE, December 9, 1863.

The pursuing column has continued to press on the enemy's rear. Daily skirmishing between our cavalry and their rear guard. Our cavalry advance is now between Rutledge and Bean's Station. The main body of the enemy's infantry is undoubtedly going up the main valley road toward Virginia. Indications are that the division of Buckner's corps that joined Longstreet, and part of Wheeler's cavalry, are endeavoring to rejoin Bragg by way of North Carolina, through the French Broad Gap. I have been ill for two days, confined to my room, and General Parke is at the front conducting the pursuit; he will take care not to involve himself in any disaster. General Foster was at Tazewell at last accounts, but my advices from him are meager; he will probably reach here within a day or two. Would it not be well for the forces in the east to make a serious and desperate attempt to break the Virginia railroad in Longstreet's rear?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

Major-General GRANT.

NEW YORK, November 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Department of the Ohio during the time I was in command.*

Nothing of importance occurred in this section until about the 1st of November, when the outposts at Kingsport and Blountsville were driven in; thus the road from Kingsport to Rogersville was left unguarded. At the latter place there was a brigade of our cavalry under Colonel Garrard. A heavy force of the enemy, under the rebel General Jones, moved down this unguarded road, surprising Colonel Garrard's force, which was completely routed. The colonel with his shattered command fell back on Morristown. Not knowing the strength of the enemy's force, I directed General Willcox to fall back to Bull's Gap and hold that position. From this time until the 17th of the month, operations were confined to cavalry fighting, skirmishing, and foraging. In the meantime, General Shackelford had been ordered to report to me at Knoxville to take command of all the cavalry, and on the approach of Longstreet on Knoxville, Hoskins' brigade was ordered to that place. This left General Willcox with his new division and with some newly recruited North Carolinians, and Foster's division of cavalry, composed of Graham's and Garrard's brigades. This command, though composed of good men, was in bad condition for want of almost every necessary supply. Upon the approach of Longstreet, I directed General Willcox to make his arrangements to get his command to Cumberland Gap, in case telegraphic communication with my headquarters was broken. On that night [the 16th] communication was cut off. I beg to refer to General Willcox's report for a correct understanding of the very efficient work done by him after that period. The enemy in the lower valley, on the south side of the Holston, were very active during the early part of October.

---------------

*For part omitted, see Series I, Vol. XXIII, Part I, p.11, and Vol. XXX, Part II, p.547.

---------------

