
was easily repulsed. All of our trains and supplies had been started to Knoxville, except some wagons of General White's division, which were destroyed, and the teams taken to assist in moving the artillery, the horses of which were very much broken down.

Before daylight on the morning of the 16th, the command was started for Knoxville. General Hartranft's division, of the Ninth Corps, with Colonel Biddle's cavalry, was sent out in advanced to seize the forks of the road at Campbell's Station, as I was satisfied the enemy would try to reach that point before us, in order to cut us off from Knoxville. They succeeded in reaching this point before the enemy, and at once took steps to hold the Kingston road, as well as the roads leading to Clinton and Concord. I sent Colonel Loring, of my staff, to Campbell's Station to reconnoiter the ground near that place, as I was satisfied that we would have to make dispositions there to check the enemy until night, so as to enable our trains to get into Knoxville. Before 11 a.m. all our forces had passed the junction of the roads held by Hartranft, and were being placed in position. Humphrey's brigade, which brought up the rear, was at one time severely pressed on the lower road, but he turned on the enemy and drove him back. General White's division had been placed in position on some rising ground on the south side of the main road, just east of Campbell's Station and about three-quarters of a mile from the junction of the roads. General Potter then proceeded to put his troops in position. General Ferrero's division was placed on the right of the road, General White's division was in the center, and General Hartranft on his left. The batteries were in rear of the first line of troops.

At about 12 o'clock the enemy commenced the attack, and at one time pressed the extreme right of Ferrero's division [Colonel Christ's brigade] so hard as to cause him to change front. He was, however, checked and driven back. He then passed round toward our left, making demonstrations lon different parts of the line, all of which were repulsed. There was some high ground on our left which entirely commanded the position we held, and I saw that the enemy was endeavoring to occupy that position, and, not having force sufficient to extend my line to meet these demonstrations, I determined to move to a ridge some three-quarters of a mile in rear, where I had dispatched Lieutenant-Colonel Bowen to reconnoiter for position. At 2 p.m. I gave the order to withdraw, and the new position was occupied under a heavy artillery fire without the slightest confusion. The movement was covered by Chapin's brigade of White's division. The new line was established about 4 p.m. We were hardly in position before the enemy made a fierce attack on Hartranft's division on the extreme left, but were handsomely repulsed.

He did not disturb us again that day. After nightfall I issued orders for Generals Potter and White to withdraw to Knoxville, the trains being secure. General White's command brought up the rear, and arrived at Knoxville early the next morning. Great credit is due to the officers and men for the gallantry and coolness shown on this occasion. The entire command consisted of but little over 5,000 men, while the enemy's force was at least double that amount.

Our loss in killed and wounded and missing was about 300, and that of the enemy must have been very severe, as he was the attacking force. I arrived at Knoxville, with my staff, about midnight, and gave directions to Captain O. M. Poe, chief engineer, to select positions for posting the troops as they arrived with a view to defend-

