
reducing the rations, and within three or four days the issuing of small rations to the command was entirely discontinued. The supply was so limited that it was found necessary to reserve them all for the hospitals. All useless animals were killed and thrown into the river in order to save forage.

Strenuous effort were constantly used by the quartermasters of the different commands to collect forage and supplies along the French Broad River, and out on the Sevierville road, both of which we were able to keep open to our foraging parties during the principal part of the siege. By judicious management on the part of the quartermaster's and commissary departments we were kept from absolute want.

We were greatly indebted to the loyal citizens for a large amount of grain and meat, sent down the French Broad River in flats, during the dense fogs of the night, which prevailed at that period.

Captain Doughty, a most excellent officer, maintained a small force up that river during the whole siege, and directed the efforts of the people of that section in our behalf.

By the 20th of November, our line was in such condition as to inspire the entire command with confidence in our entire ability to hold the place against any rebel force that might be brought against it. But our men still continued to strengthen the lines by every possible means within their reach. First and Second Creeks were dammed, the backwater from them making most formidable wet ditches in front of a considerable portion of the line. Abatis, chevaux-de-frise, and wire entanglements were made wherever they were necessary.

Lieutenant S. N. Benjamin, who commanded Fort Sanders, situated in the northwest angle of the line, was particularly conspicuous for his efforts to strengthen his position. I speak of this instance because this point was the only one assaulted by any formidable force of the enemy. This fort was commenced by the rebels before our troops entered East Tennessee, and had been considerably improved by the Engineer Battalion, under Captain Poe, before the commencement of the siege. It was named Fort Sanders in honor of the brave officer who fell on the second day of the siege.

The site occupied by the city of Knoxville, which we were to defend, was in front of a plateau of about one half a mile in width, running parallel to and close to the Holston River. This plateau was intersected by three creeks, First, Second, and Third, giving the position the appearance of separate hills. First Creek separated Knoxville from East Knoxville or Temperance Hill. Second Creek separated the town from College Hill, and Third Creek ran into the river beyond our lines. To the north and west of the town the plateau descended gradually to a valley or basin of about three-quarters of a mile in width, beyond which was a second plateau similar to the one just described and of about the same height. On this ridge the enemy's forces were stationed with their batteries on prominent points.

He made great efforts to break our pontoon bridge by floating rafts down the Holston, but by the judicious efforts of Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock and Captain Poe, who constructed a boom across the river above the bridge, we were enabled to maintain it.

Nothing of great importance occurred until the 23rd of November. Constant sharpshooting, skirmishing, and artillery firing was kept up without important results.

On the night of the 23d, a portion of General Hartranft's picket

