
fort and the crest was strewed with the dead and wounded, who were crying for help, and after the repulse was fully established I tendered to the enemy a flag of truce for the purpose of burying the dead and caring for the wounded. His loss was certainly over 1,000 men, while ours was but 13.

The gallantry of this defense has not been excelled during the war, and the division of General Ferrero may justly feel proud of this great achievement, particularly Lieutenant Benjamin and the officers and men in the fort, who were so conspicuous in this service.

During the remainder of the siege, we were not seriously molested by the enemy, and I again beg to refer to the accompanying report of Captain Poe, for a more accurate and detailed account of the siege than I have been able to give.

I omitted to mention that General M. D. Manson was in command of the Twenty-third Corps at this time, General Hartsuff having applied for and received a leave of absence just before the commencement of the siege.

By the 2nd of December, the indications were that the siege would soon be raised. On that day we received information from General Grant of the approach of General Sherman with troops for our relief; and on the night of the 3rd, Captain Audenried, of General Sherman's staff, reached my headquarters. The morning of the 5th, the enemy raised the siege, and retreated in the direction of Strawberry Plains. The few cavalry we could mount were sent in pursuit; but they were in such bad condition as to be unable to make any great impression on the enemy, who had moved off in remarkably good order.

The same day [the 5th] I received from General Sherman the following letter:

MARYVILLE, December 5, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

DEAR GENERAL: I am here, and can bring 25,000 men into Knoxville to-morrow, but Longstreet having retreated, I feel disposed to stop, for a stern chase is a long one. But I will do all that is possible. Without you specify that you want troops, I will let mine rest to-morrow, and ride to see you. Send my aide [Captain Audenried] out with your letters to-night. We are all hearty, but tired. Accept my congratulations on your successful defense and your patient endurance.

Yours, in haste,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

On the 6th, General Sherman came to my headquarters, leaving the advance of his forces at Maryville. After consultation, it was decided that his forces would be of more service moving in another direction, and he accordingly decided to return, leaving with me General Granger's corps. We thanked him and his command heartily for their assistance, and bade them God speed on their new service.

On the morning of the 7th, the commands of Generals Potter and Manson started in pursuit of Longstreet, the whole under command of Maj. General John G. Parke, who had during the siege rendered me most efficient service as chief of staff.

Some days before this, I had received information that Maj. General John G. Foster was to relieve me of the command of the Department of the Ohio. This order was the result of a dispatch sent by me to the President in October, when I was quite ill, stating that I might be forced to ask to be relieved of the command of the department.

