
General Foster had arrived at Cumberland Gap, some days before the siege was raised, and had been directing the operations of the forces in that neighborhood in the meantime.

On the 10th, he arrived at my headquarters at Knoxville, and on the 11th assumed command of the department.

On the 12th instant, I left Knoxville for Cincinnati with best wishes for the success and happiness of General Foster and his command, both of whom had been so faithful, efficient, and brave while serving under me.

I shall ever remember with gratitude and pleasure the co-operation, devotion, courage, and patient endurance of the brave officers and men of the Ninth and Twenty-third Corps, who have served with me so faithfully and conspicuously in Kentucky and east Tennessee. During the whole siege and in the midst of the most arduous labor and greatest privations, I never heard a word of discontent or distrust from any one of them. Each man seemed anxious to do his whole duty, and to their perseverance and courage is due the ultimate success of the defense of Knoxville.

the loyal people of East Tennessee will always be gratefully remembered by me for their hearty co-operation, efficient aid, and liberal hospitality.

To the members of my personal staff who served with me in Cincinnati and East Tennessee, and who rendered most faithful and meritorious service, I beg to tender my hearty thanks.

Those who accompanied me to East Tennessee were as follows: Maj. Gen. John G. Parke, chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel Lewis Richmond, assistant adjutant-general; Surg. W. H. Church, medical director; Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Goodrich, chief commissary; Lieutenant Colonel Charles G. Loring, jr., assistant inspector-general; Maj. J. L. Van Buren, aide-de-camp; Maj. William Cutting, aide-de-camp; Maj. Edward M. Neill, assistant adjutant-general; Captain William H. Harris, chief of ordnance; Captain O. M. Poe, chief engineer; Captain George R. Fearing, aide-de-camp; Captain D. A. Pell, aide-de-camp; Captain R. H. I. Goddard, aide-de-camp; Captain S. Sumner, aide-de-camp; Captain John A. Morris, assistant quartermaster; Captain D. R. Larned, assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. H. French, commissary of subsistence.

The following were on duty at headquarters in Cincinnati: Captain William P. Anderson, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Robert Morrow, assistant adjutant-general; General N. H. McLean, provost-marshal-general; Brig. Gen. Tillson, chief of artillery; Colonel J. H. Simpson, chief engineer; Maj. H. L. Burnett, judge-advocate; Captain J. H. Dickerson, chief quartermaster; Lieutenant-Colonel Kilburn, commissary of subsistence.

Accompanying this please find the full and detailed reports of Generals Potter, Willcox, and Shackelford, also Captain W. H. Harris, chief of ordnance, which gives a detailed account of his most efficient management of his department.

I cannot close this report without expressing my sincere obligations to the corps, division, and brigade commanders for their hearty co-operation and aid during the entire campaign.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Late Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.

