
you will receive orders at or near Guntersville. You may be required to cross the Tennessee at that point,and you should, therefore, provide yourself with the means of doing so if it be practicable. You will open communication, if possible, with General Roddey, from whom no report has been received. Major-General Lee has been requested to remain in this department as long as his instructions will permit, and to operate against the advancing columns of the enemy. Be good enough to have the letters for Generals Lee and Roddey delivered.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Six Miles East of Tuscumbia, October 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the enemy were held in check at Bear Creek, 3 miles west of Tuscumbia, till 9 a.m. yesterday morning, when my position was flanked, and I was compelled to whitdraw. The enemy displayed about 6,000 infantry in line of battle. From prisoners captured I learn that Osterhaus' division is in front, Blair's next. The rest of Sherman's corps is still beyond Big Bear Creek. Grant now commands all west of the Alleghanies, Sherman commanding the Department of the Tennessee, Blair commanding Shermans' corps. The enemy have retired from opposite Decatur. I cannot account for the enemy allowing me to destroy so much of the railroad, as they have seen the work and are aware of it. General Ferguson has not been heard from yet. General Roddey returned in time to join me yesterday morning. I sent him in the rear of the enemy again last night. My scouts have captured the medical wagon attached to Osterhaus' headquarters full of valuable supplies. The 2 1/2 miles from Tuscumbia. I shall annoy them in every way, and break their communications.

I am, major, yours, respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Dept. of Tennessee, near Chattanooga.

P. S.-I regret to state that the gallant Colonel Forrest was severely wounded while leading his regiment against the enemy on the 26th. He had to be left in Tuscumbia, as also some 15 or 20 men too severely wounded to be moved.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Tuscumbia, October 28, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that yesterday morning, about 9 a.m., I was forced from my position on Little Bear Creek, the enemy attacking with several brigades. I retired to a point 6 miles east of Tuscumbia. Tuscumbia was occupied by the enemy at 12 m. yesterday.

