
except a general engagement. This kind of arms is very much inferior in numbers to that of the enemy, and must be increased. I am satisfied that mounted infantry, for which service the Western troops are specially adapted, can be used to more advantage in this country than any other arm. I have, therefore, ordered all the troops, which General Burnside had enlisted for the purpose, to be organized and mounted, and have tendered inducements to the sixmonths' volunteers to re-enlist for the same purpose. All these are to be armed with the carbine or rifle. I also require one first-rate cavalry regiment, armed with the saber and revolver. The Third New York Cavalry or Eleventh Pennsylvania, if ordered to Lexington, will meet this want perfectly.

The infantry force is very much reduced in numbers by sickness arising from want of supplies, both in kind and quantity, of camp equipage, and of medicines. The vacant buildings of this town are full of sick. Of the Twenty-third and Ninth Corps, only 10,000 men are able to march and fight. I would, therefore, request that my old division, of the Ninth Corps may be ordered from Virginia [Old Point Comfort] to Camp Nelson, whence I can order it where most needed.

Before closing I beg leave to call your attention to the matter of transportation to this point, and the necessity for some steps being taken to secure a sure line of travel which will be permanent and adequate to all wants. I mean a railroad connection between some railroad terminus in Kentucky and this place. Its importance, in a military point of view, cannot be overestimated. Its whole expense will not much exceed the annual outlay necessary to supply this army by wagon trains. I earnestly request that you will ask the honorable Secretary of War and the President of the United States to urge upon Congress the necessity of providing for the building of this railroad as soon as possible, as a military measure. I believe the road can be built during this winter and spring. I regret that I am confined to my quarters from the effects of riding from Lexington to this place, the pain in my wounded leg having become very much increased. I hope, however, to be out again in a few days. I have decided to make this place the headquarters of the department for the present, and to have an assistant adjutant-general at Lexington, a quartermaster and commissary at Cincinnati.

I have relieved Brigadier-General Boyle by Brigadier-General Cox in the command of the District of Kentucky; also relieved Brigadier-General Fry, and ordered him to the field. I have placed Brigadier-General Ammen in command of the troops to guard the depots at Point Isabella [mouth of Big South Fork] and Carthage, and to construct the two roads from those points to this place. Major-General Parke is in command of the Ninth Corps, and Brig. Gen. O. B. Willcox, temporarily, of the Twenty-third Corps. I have ordered Brig. Gen. S. D. Sturgis to take command of all the cavalry in a body, which I propose to keep together as the cavalry corps of the department. General Sturgis is now at the head of this force, rendering good service. I shall keep you fully advised by telegraph of all current operations, and report more fully by mail.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Maj. Gen. H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

