
tents, 1,000,000 rifle cartridges caliber .58, 8,000 rounds for 3-inch ordnance field pieces, 4,000 rounds for 12-pounder Napoleon guns, 1,500 rounds for 20-pounder Parrotts, 2,000 rounds for 10-pounder Parrotts, 3,000 Spencer rifle cartridges, 6,000 Sharps rifle cartridges, 5,000 Burnside rifle cartridges, 6,000 Colt revolver rifle cartridges. We need all the above as soon as they can be sent. The appearances are that the enemy intend to try and hold a portion of East Tennessee. If this proves true, we have sharp work before us. The men and animals are in poor condition, which must be improved before I can move with the necessary effect. I desire that you will send up the camp and garrison equipage of General Granger's two divisions, and also that you may give me the service of his third division for a little time.

I sent dispatch from Knoxville asking for medicines and hospital stores.

Skirmishing goes on almost constantly with little effect. Longstreet is near Rutledge.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

Major-General GRANT.

DECEMBER 20, 1863-4 p.m.

This dispatch has just been received, and a copy sent to General Grant. I send to you that you may see what General Foster requires. Be good enough to return this as soon as you are done with it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, December 24, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Longstreet is moving his forces across the Holston in the direction of Morristown, where, prisoners state, he intends to make a stand. I have crossed the cavalry under General Sturgis, and advanced him to feel the enemy. He engaged them this morning early, near Mossy Creek, and drove in the force at that point. I am pushing forward the railroad bridge at this place, and as soon as it is done can advance.

We want ammunition, and cannot fight a general engagement until supplied. We have more reports that re-enforcements have arrived from Virginia, but as I have no proof of it, I discredit the report. Longstreet's force is 26,000 men-exactly what mine is.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

Maj. Gen. U. S. GRANT.

CONFIDENTIAL.] BALTIMORE, MD., February 24, 1864.

Maj. Gen. H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I send herewith a crude report of operations in East Tennessee, with reasons why offensive operations cannot be com-

