
menced before the 1st April with proper chances of success. I believe General Grant is satisfied of this fact. I had a long interview with him in Nashville as I came on. I like him very much. He is a hard-working and excellent officer, and I think he will certainly attain a great success in the South this season if he has good co-operation by the armies of the Potomac and of North Carolina and Virginia. He is very anxious that a column of 50,000 or 60,000 should be put in motion in North Carolina and Virginia. If you would like, I will sketch the outline of his plan, and also give some details from my knowledge of the situation, which will tend to make it a success. I will also propose a plan of operations for a smaller force, if you desire.

I was much pleased with the Western troops and with the country, but the constant riding on horseback gave me great pain. As soon as I am able, I shall report for duty, and I am so much encouraged that I hope it may be in four weeks.*

I shall be as able to do duty as before the last accident, and am willing to undertake anything. I would, however, prefer duty at the East, which I can do better, as I shall have less riding than at the West.

With kindest regards, ever yours, respectfully and truly,

J. G. FOSTER.

[Inclosure.]

BALTIMORE, MD., February 21, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor, in obedience to your direction, to make the following report of the operations of the Army of the Ohio, while I was in command, and of the general condition of affairs in East Tennessee:

I relieved General Burnside at Knoxville, East Tennessee, on the 12th of December, 1863. At that time the forces of the enemy under General Longstreet, comprising his own force that had been engaged in the siege of Knoxville, Ransom's division of infantry, and Jones' division of cavalry, with which he had formed a junction, were supposed to be in full retreat toward Virginia. They were at that time near Rogersville. General Parke with the Ninth and Twenty-third Corps [10,000 infantry and the cavalry, 4,000 men] was in pursuit, having his advance at Bean's Station.

General Sherman was returning toward Chattanooga, leaving General Granger with the Fourth Corps near Knoxville. As soon as General Longstreet learned this latter fact and that the force pursuing him was small, he turned on General Parke's advance and repulsed it at Bean's Station. Advancing at once in his turn he forced General Parke to fall back, first to Rutledge and afterward to Blain's Cross-Roads. This being a good position I determined to make it the standpoint, and accordingly hurried up the Fourth Corps and every available fighting man. General Longstreet, however, did not attack, in consequence, probably, of the very inclement weather, which then set in with such severity as to paralyze for a time the efforts of both armies. Their numbers were equal, being 26,000 effective men each.

At this time [the 23rd of December, 1863,] my horse fell with me upon

---------------

*Some personal matter here omitted.

---------------

