
a ledge of rocks and contused my wounded leg, already very much inflamed by constant riding, to such an extent as to confine me to my quarters. General Parke retained the active command of the forces in the field. The condition of the army was bad. The troops were suffering for want of tents, clothing, food, and medicines. One-half the men were unfit for a march for want of shoes or clothing. The issue of bread or meal rarely came up to one-quarter of the ration, while the continual feeding upon fresh meat caused sickness among the soldiers, which we had no medicine to check. This state of things arose from the impossibility of getting supplies over the impassable roads from Kentucky, and the necessity for living on the country. The forage had become nearly exhausted, and had to be sought at distances varying from 10 to 40 miles. The stock of ammunition was also too limited. The enemy undoubtedly suffered privations similar to our own, for he soon retired to winter quarters at Morristown and Russellville.

Being anxious to follow and bring on a decisive engagement as soon as possible, I hurried the cavalry over the Holston as soon as it could be forded by that arm, and pushed if forward to Mossy Creek and beyond, and also to Dandridge. At the same time every effort was made to complete the bridge at Strawberry Plains, so as to cross infantry and artillery, as well as railroad cars. Earnest requisitions were, at the same time, made on Chattanooga for supplies of clothing, bread, and ammunition, to be sent up the Tennessee River in light-draught steamers.

These supplies commenced to arrive slowly, about the 28th of December. General Grant visited Knoxville on the 31st December. Seeing the suffering among the troops he decided to have me await the arrival of supplies and the completion of the Strawberry Plains Bridge before advancing. He left on the 7th January, to return by way of Cumberland Gap. The cavalry, under General Sturgis, was almost constantly engaged with the enemy's crossing the Holston. These fights culminated in a general cavalry engagement near Mossy Creek on the 29th, in which the enemy were driven from the field toward Morristown. General Elliott's division of cavalry, from the Army of the Cumberland, particularly distinguished itself for gallantry.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General of Volunteers.

Maj. Gen. H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army.

---------------

*Portion here omitted, covering operations in East Tennessee, January 1-February 9, 1864, to appear in Series I, Vol. XXXII.

---------------

