
ourselves in the subsequent operations. About this time I received orders to build a pontoon bridge, which could be transported upon the ordinary army wagons. There was absolutely nothing prepared in the way of materials; the lumber was standing in the woods, and the nails were lying around the railroad shops in the shape of scraps of old iron. Blacksmiths were at once set to work transforming these scraps into nails, and the saw-mills to sawing the lumber. Unfortunately the saw-mills under my control were sadly out of repair, and it was only after the most vexatious delays on account of broken machinery that we were able to get even a small portion of the lumber together. A part of the Engineer Battalion was at work upon this bridge when, on the morning of Friday, November 13, notice was received that the enemy had constructed a pontoon bridge at Huff's Ferry, near Loudon, and was crossing in force.

The major-general commanding, with a portion of his staff, left next morning for the scene of action. I was not one of those detailed to accompany him, hence am not able to report upon the well-fought battle of the 16th November-Campbell's Station. From Campbell's Station I was instructed to select, around Knoxville, lines of defense and have everything prepared to put the troops into position as they should arrive.

As I had been over the ground a great many times and had examined it in reference to this contingency, the examination directed was made very rapidly. I had made it a point to familiarize myself, as far as possible, with the organization of the Army of the Ohio, and was consequently able to designate, in writing, the positions to be occupied by the several subdivisions, as follows: Roemer's battery of four 3-inch rifle guns, at the University, to be supported by one brigade [Morrison's] of the First Division, Ninth Army Corps; Benjamin's battery of four 20-pounder Parrotts and Buckley's battery of six 12-pounder Napoleons [light twelves], at fort on hill northwest of the University-these batteries being supported by the remaining two brigades [Humphrey's and Christ's] of the First Division, Ninth Army Corps; the ground to be occupied by this division extending from the Holston River, near the mouth of Second Creek, around to the point where the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad crosses Second Creek; this line was nearly at right-angles to the river to the position of Benjamin's battery, and thence parallel to the river. Gittings' battery of four 10-pounder Parrotts to occupy the small earth-works on Vine street near the depot. The Fifteenth Indiana Battery of 3-inch rifle guns to occupy the ridge between Gay street and First Creek; these two batteries to be supported by the Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, extending from Second Creek to First Creek, and parallel to the railroad. The Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery, Captain Sims, of six James rifle guns [3,8-inch caliber], and Henshaw's battery of two James rifle guns and four brass 6-pounders, to occupy the fort on Temperance Hill and the ridge adjacent, supported by Chapin's brigade, of White's division, and Reilly's brigade, of Hascall's division, of the Twenty-third Army Corps, extending from First Creek eastward to Bell's house. Shields' battery of six 12-pounder Napoleons and one section of Wilder's battery of 3-inch rifle guns on Mabry's Hill, supported by the brigades of Colonels Hoskins and Casement, the line of these brigades extending from Bell's house to the Holston River, at a point a little below the glass-works. Two sections of Wilder's battery of 3-inch rifle guns, and Konkle's battery of four 3-inch rifle guns, and Konkle's battery of four 3-inch rifle guns, on the heights south

