
toon bridge. The absence of any signs of elation among the troops of the enemy, indicated to us that General Grant's operations against Bragg at Chattanooga had been attended with success.

Wednesday, November 25.-The enemy pressed forward on the south side of the river, hoping to be more successful in his attempt to occupy the heights opposite Knoxville than he had been in his effort made ten days before; but again he was met and driven back with considerable loss. The hill occupied by the enemy was distant from Fort Sanders about 2,800 yards, and it became necessary to defilade the fort from the enemy's batteries upon it. This was soon done. More reports about the raft came in, and I thought it prudent to begin the construction of a second boom, which I decided to make by attaching long timbers together with chains, end to end, and allowing it to float on the water, being fastened on each side of the river.

Thursday, November 26.-Was quite ill this day, but managed to be along the line. In the evening accompanied the general commanding to the south side of the river, where I laid out some riflepits and an artillery epaulement for two guns, looking toward the enemy's position on the hill and distant from it about 600 yards. The enemy's position on the hill and distant from it about 600 yards. The enemy did not appear to do much this day. We finished the wooden boom, 1,500 feet long. All our intrenching tools, as usual, were kept busy adding to the strength of our works. After dark telegraph wires were stretched from stumps to stumps in front of our most important positions in order to form an obstacle to the advance of the enemy. Made a cheval-de-frise of pikes in front of Colonel Hoskins' position, fastening the pikes in place with telegraph wire.

Friday, November 27.-The enemy still appeared to threaten us on the south side of the river. I again carefully examined the heights opposite Knoxville, this time accompanied by Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock. After consultation, it was decided that no change should be made in the line I had previously selected, and that we ought to begin at once the construction of works. Commenced a battery for two guns and a line of rifle-pits on the first hill west of the Maryville railroad; the enemy vigorously at work on the ridge north of Fort Sanders. He appeared to be connecting his batteries by lines of rifle-pits; the profile seemed too light for a first parallel. The enemy was very active all day, and sharp firing was kept up, principally from the enemy, our troops reserving their fire.

Saturday, November 28.-Both armies hard at work. The enemy displayed six guns at their position on south side of river, and opened upon Roemer's battery, throwing an occasional shot at Fort Sanders, but without doing any damage. Commenced the construction of a line of rifle-trenches on the Sevierville Hill [south side]. Sharp skirmishing in the evening. About 11 p.m. the enemy attacked our picket lines, and, after a couple of hours of hot fighting, occupied them, thus turning their advanced line within about 120 yards of the northwestern salient of Fort Sanders. The skirmishing was continued all night, principally directed upon Fort Sanders. It now became evident that this was the real point of attack.

Sunday, November 29.-At 6 a.m.,under cover of a fog, the enemy assaulted Fort Sanders, moving along the capital of the northwestern bastion. In spite of the gallantry and persistency of the attack, it was handsomely repulsed, with a loss to the enemy of almost the entire brigade which led the assault. Our loss was 4 killed and 11

