
small-arms, &amp;c.* Brigadier-General Roddey is still on the flank and rear of the enemy between this point and Big Bear Creek. I am becoming short of ammunition; have sent for a supply at Okolona. My command is not in a condition to remain long from Mississippi, having left prepared only for a two weeks' scout against the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, when their destination was changed in this direction. They are much in need of clothing, shoes, &c. I will, however, remain as long as I can be of service, or until I receive orders from General Johnston. If I am to remain in this department, I should be informed as early as practicable, though I am of opinion that a large cavalry force will not be needed in this valley very long.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, Ala., October 31, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the 26th instant the enemy advanced in force, and after severe skirmishing on the 26th and 27th occupied Tuscumbia.

On 28th, the enemy evacuated Tuscumbia and moved back toward Big Bear Creek.

I attacked his rear guard 15 miles west of Tuscumbia on the morning of the 29th, and after a severe skirmish retired before his main force. The enemy's force consisted of two divisions of infantry, under Osterhaus and Morgan L. Smith, the whole commanded by General Blair, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps. The force of the enemy was about 8,000. They rebuilt the bridge over Big Bear Creek and run the cars to Cherokee Station, 8 miles east of that point. The thorough destruction of the railroad and the stubborn resistance made to their advance have deterred them from this route, and they are now crossing at Eastport and moving on the north side of the Tennessee River. They intended rebuilding this road to Decatur.

The enemy acknowledge a loss of 100 killed and wounded on the 22nd [21st] instant. Their loss has been heavier since.

My loss so far is 6 killed and 40 wounded.

On the night of the 25th, I sent Brigadier-General Ferguson with two regiments after a raiding party from Corinth. He succeeded in meeting the enemy, routing him and scattering his entire force over the country, capturing 2 pieces of artillery, 4 guidons, 30 prisoners, a considerable quantity of small-arms, &c. Prisoners are still being caught over the country. The raiders were mostly composed of the Tory regiment from North Alabama. My scouts captured a valuable medical wagon attached to Osterhaus' headquarters, full of medicines, &c.

The enemy are marching through Florence, and I think toward Huntsville. There is little doubt that the enemy intend another flank movement on General Bragg via Will's Valley. There is little

---------------

*See Skirmish at Vincent's Cross-Roads, October 26, 1863, p.37.

---------------

