
Tuesday, December 1.-The Engineer Battalion and contrabands at work. A line of rifle-trenches was located across the gorge between Temperance Hill and Mabry's Hill, and a portion of it completed. The troops on the south side of the river were hard at work with all the tools we had to spare from the north side. During the afternoon large trains belonging to the enemy were seen to move toward the eastward, and the belief began to grow upon us that the siege would be raised.

Wednesday, December 2.-The Engineer Battalion and contrabands were particularly engaged in the rifle-trenches between Temperance Hill and Mabry's Hill and an epaulement for two guns in the gorge. These were all finished by midnight. Still at work on large fort at Bell's house and on rifle-trenches on south side of the river. Everything unusually quiet for the fifteenth day of a siege.

Thursday, December 3.-Still hard at work on both sides of the river. A disposition apparent among the troops to consider their position strong enough to repel any assault the enemy might make, and a consequent indisposition to work. Evidently but a small force of the enemy east of the Tazewell road. The enemy's trains seen moving to the eastward.

Friday, December 4.-Still working a little, but the news of approaching re-enforcements and the movements of the enemy's trains lead us to believe that he will soon abandon the siege.

Saturday, December 5.-The siege of Knoxville terminated by the retreat of the enemy in the direction of Strawberry Plains [eastward]. Heavy re-enforcements for us reached the south side of the river.

The topography of the vicinity of Knoxville may be briefly described as follows: On the north bank of the river a narrow ridge is formed, extending from a point about 2 1/2 miles east of Knoxville to Lenoir's. It has an average base of about 1 1/2 miles

in width. At Knoxville the width is about 1 mile. This ridge is cut through at short intervals by small streams, two of which, First and Second Creeks, run through the town of Knoxville at a distance from each other of about three-quarters of a mile. The main part of the town is built upon that portion of the ridge bounded on the northwest by the valley; on the southwest by Second Creek; on the southeast by the Holston River, and on the northeast by First Creek. It has the appearance of a table, elevated about 150 feet above the river and about 100 feet above the valley. Again, Third Creek is found about seven-eights of a mile below Second Creek, forming a second similar table. A depression in the ridge about the same distance east of First Creek forms still another table, upon which is built East Knoxville. This elevated ground is called Temperance Hill. From this eastward the ridge is more broken until it disappears, and other

