
when, on the morning of the 13th November, 1863, information was received at the headquarters of the Army of the Ohio that the enemy, under command of Longstreet, had succeeded in building a pontoon bridge over the Holston River at Huff's Ferry, near Loudon, and was crossing in force. The major-general commanding at once started for that point, taking with him a portion of his staff. I was directed to remain at Knoxville, in anticipation of instructions for the defense of that place.

From Campbell's Station, on the 16th of November, I was directed to select lines of defense around Knoxville, and to have everything prepared to put the troops in positions as fast as they should arrive. As I had been over the ground a great many times, and had examined it with reference to this contingency, the examination directed was made very rapidly. I had made it a point to familiarize myself, as far as possible, with the organization of the Army of the Ohio, and was consequently able to designate, in writing, the positions to be occupies by the several subdivisions, as follows:

Roemer's battery of four 3-inch rifle guns, at the University, to be supported by one brigade (Morrison's) of the First Division of the Ninth Army Corps.

Benjamin's battery of four 20-pounder Parrotts, and Buckley's battery of six 12-pounder Napoleons (light twelves),at the fort, afterward called Fort Sanders, on the hill northwest of the University - these batteries being supported by the remaining two brigades (Humphrey's and Christ's) of the First Division, Ninth Army Corps, the ground to be occupied by this division extending from the Holston river, near the mouth of Second Creek, around to the point where the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad crosses Second Creek. This line was nearly at right angles to the river, to the position of Benjamin's battery, and thence parallel to the river.

Gitting's battery of four 10-pounder Parrotts to occupy the small earth-work on Vine street, near the depot.

The Fifteenth Indiana Battery of three 3-inch rifle guns to occupy the ridge between Gay street and First Creek.

These two batteries to be supported by the Second Division of the Ninth Army Corps, extending from Second Creek to First Creek and parallel to the railroad.

The Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery (Captain Sims) of six James rifle guns (3.8-inch caliber), and Henshaw's battery of two James rifle guns and four brass 6-pounders, to occupy the fort on Temperance Hill and the ridge adjacent, supported by Chapin's brigade of White's Division, and Reylly's brigade of Hascall's division of Twenty-third Army Corps, extending from First Creek eastward to Bell's house.

Shields' battery of six 12-pounder Napoleons,and one section of Wilder's battery of 3-inch rifle guns, on Mabry's Hill, supported by the brigades of Colonels Hoskins and Casement, the line of these brigades extending from Bell's house to the Holston River, at a point a little below the galls-works.

Two sections of Wilder's battery of 3-inch rifle guns on the heights south of the river, supported by Cameron's brigade of Hascall's division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

One section of 12-pounder howitzers, on Flint Hill, covering the bridge, held and manned by soldiers detailed principally from the regiments of loyal Tennesseeans.

20 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

