
and French Broad River enabled us to accumulate a quantity of commissary stores. I was told that it was officially reported at the beginning of the siege that we had full supplies for only one day and a half, yet, after nineteen days' siege, we had accumulated to such an extent, over the lines referred to, that we had provisions enough to last ten days.

The following order is here inserted. The several names were suggested by myself. Certainly none are so well entitled to whatever of honor there may be in the names thus given to the forts and batteries as those who shed their blood in defense of them.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 37. Knoxville, Tennessee, December 11, 1863.

In order more clearly to designate the positions occupied by our troops during the recent siege, and in token of respect to the gallant officers who fell in the defense of Knoxville, the several forts and batteries are named, as follows:

Battery Noble.-At loop-holed, south of the Kingston road, in memory of Lieutenant and Adjt. William Noble, Second Michigan Volunteers, who fell in the charge upon the enemy's rifle-trenches in front of Fort Sanders, on the morning of November 24.

Fort Byington.-At the College, after Maj. Cornelius Byington, Second Michigan Volunteers, who fell mortally while leading the assault upon the enemy's rifle-trenches in front of Fort Sanders, on the morning of November 24.

Battery Zoellner.-Between Fort Sanders and Second Creek, in memory of Lieutenant Frank Zoellner, Second Michigan Volunteers, who fell mortally wounded in the assault upon the enemy's rifle-trenches in front of Fort Sanders, on the morning of November 24.

Battery Galpin.-East of Second Creek, in memory of Lieutenant Galpin, Second Michigan Volunteers, who fell in the assault upon the enemy's rifle-trenches in front of Fort Sanders, on the morning of November 24.

Fort Comstock.-On Summit Hill, near the railroad depot, in memory of Lieutenant-Colonel Comstock, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, who fell in our lines during the siege.

Battery Wiltsie.-West of Gay street, in memory of Captain Wiltsie, Twentieth Michigan Volunteers, who was mortally wounded in our during the siege.

Battery Billingsley.-Between Gay street and First Creek, in memory of Lieutenant J. Billingsley, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, who fell in action in front of Fort Sanders, November 20.

Fort Huntington Smith.-On Temperance Hill, in memory of Lieutenant Colonel [W.] Huntington Smith, Twentieth Michigan Volunteers, who fell at the battle of Campbell's Station.

Battery Clifton Lee.-East of Fort Huntington Smith, in memory of Captain Clifton Lee, One hundred and twelfth Illinois Mounted Infantry, who fell in the fight of November 18 in front of Fort Sanders.

Fort Hill.-At the extreme eastern point of our lines, in memory of Captain Hill, Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, who fell during the siege.

Battery Fearns.-On Flint Hill, in memory of Lieutenant and Adjt. Charles W. Fearns, Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteers (mounted infantry), who fell in the action of November 18 in front of Fort Sanders.

Battery Stearman.-In the gorge between Temperance Hill and Mabry's Hill, in memory of Lieutenant William H. Stearman, Thirteenth Kentucky Volunteers, who fell near Loudon, Tennessee

Fort Stanley.-Including all the works upon the central hill, on the south side of the river, in memory of Captain C. E. Stanley, Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteers (mounted infantry), who fell mortally wounded in the action near Philadelphia, Tennessee

Fort Higley.-Including all the works on the hill west of the railroad embankment, south side of the river, in memory of Captain

Joel P. Higley, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, who fell in action at Blue Springs, Tennessee, October 10, 1863.

Fort Dickerson.-Including all the works between Fort Stanley and Fort Higley, in memory of Captain Jonathan [C.] Dickerson, One hundred and twelfth Illinois Volunteers (mounted infantry), who fell in action near Cleveland, Tennessee

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

