
Bell's house. Shields' battery of six 12-pounder Napoleons and one section of Wilder's battery of 3-inch rifle guns, on Mabry's Hill, supported by the brigades of Colonels Hoskins and Casement, the line of these brigades extending from Bell's house to the Holston River, at a point a little below the glass-works.

Two sections of Wilder's battery of 3-inch rifle guns, and Konkle's battery of four 3-inch rifle guns, on the heights south of the river, supported by Cameron's brigade of Hascall's division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

One section of 12-pounder howitzers on Flint Hill, covering the bridge-head,and manned by soldiers detailed principally from the regiments of loyal Tennessee.

The troops began to arrive about daylight on the morning of November 17, and were placed in the positions respectively assigned to them, except Reilly's brigade, which was held in reserve in the streets of the town by direction of the major-general commanding. I may remark, that during the whole siege the positions were scarcely changed, either of the artillery or of the infantry. As soon as any portion of the force arrived and was placed in position it was put at work to intrench itself, making use of tools brought from Kentucky by the Engineer Battalion. There were no others in Knoxville, except a few captured picks in the hands of the quartermaster, but he could not furnish either spades or shovels to accompany them. The defense thrown up at first were nothing but mere rifle-pits, having a profile 4 feet wide by 2 1/2 feet in depth, with a parapet of 2 feet in height, making the height from the bottom of the trench to the interior crest of the parapet, 4 1/2 feet. Two forts were in a defensible condition, viz, that occupied by Benjamin's battery, and the one on Temperance Hill, the work upon them having been done by the Engineer Battalion.

The troops worked all day and night, and by daylight on the morning of the 18th were tolerably well under cover. Still the work was continued, the enemy being held at bay on the Kingston road by the cavalry under Sanders, and on the Clinton road by Colonel Pennebaker's mounted regiments. The hours in which to work, that the gallant conduct of our cavalry secured us, were worth to us 1,000 men each. It is sad that they were bought at such a price s the life of that most gallant, chivalric soldier and noble gentleman, General Sanders. (I hope I may be pardoned this allusion to the only classmate I had at the siege of Knoxville.)

General Sanders, falling in front of the work occupied by Benjamin's battery,it seemed appropriate that the work should be named after him, and upon its being suggested to the major-general commanding, it was so ordered.

It was decided to dam First and Second Creeks. The dam across the former was made at the Vine street bridge, and proved very successful, making an obstacle in front of, and parallel to, Temperance Hill, for one-third of a mile, which could only be crossed by building a bridge. The dam across Second Creek was made at the tunnel by which the creek passes under the railroad. The character of the creek was not so favorable as in the first instance; still, a very considerable obstacle was created. At daylight on the morning of November 19, our position had been much strengthened,and we began to feel secure and confident. Every man seemed conscious of the necessity for exertion and had made it, and with unflagging zeal the troops still continued the tasks imposed upon them. Citizens of the

