
sallied and carried the most advanced rifle-pits of the enemy, but not being supported, were driven back with considerable loss by fresh troops of the enemy, which were brought up for the purpose of overwhelming them. The picket line from which our men had been driven the night before was re-established. Laid out a work in front of Bell's house, on Mabry's Hill, and the work on it progressed well. In the evening a second line of works was begun on our left, i.e., from Fort Sanders, via the college, to the river, at the mouth of Second Creek. The enemy crossed some force, and established himself on the hill on the south side of the river, 2 miles below the pontoon bridge. The absence of any signs of elation among the troops of the enemy indicated to us that General Grant's operations against Bragg at Chattanooga had been attended with success.

Wednesday, November 25.-The enemy pressed forward on the south side of the river, hoping to be more successful in his attempt to occupy the heights opposite Knoxville than he had been in his efforts made ten days before, but again he was met and driven back with considerable loss. The hill occupied by the enemy was distant from Fort Sanders about 2,800 yards, and it became necessary to defilade the fort from the enemy's batteries upon it. This was soon done.

More reports about the raft came in, and thought it prudent to begin the construction of a second boom, which I decided to make by attaching long timbers together with chains, end to end, and allowing it to float on top of the water, being fastened on each side of the river.

Thursday, November 26.-Was quite ill this day, but managed to be along the line. In the evening accompanied the general commanding to the south side of the river, where I laid out some rifle-pits and an artillery epaulement for two guns, looking toward the enemy's position on the hill, and distant from it about 600 yards. The enemy did not appear to do much this day. We finished the wooden boom, 1,500 feet long. All our intrenching tools, as usual, were kept busy adding to the strength of our works. After dark telegraph wires were stretched from stump to stump in front of our most important positions, in order to form an obstacle to the advance of the enemy. Made a cheval-de-frise of pikes in front of Colonel Hoskin's position, fastening the pikes in place with telegraph wire.

Friday, November 27.-The enemy still appeared to threaten us on the south side of the river. I again examined carefully the heights opposite Knoxville, this time accompanied by Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock. After consultation, it was decided that no change should be made in the line I had previously selected, and that we ought the begin at once the construction of works. Commenced a battery for two guns and a line rifle-pits on the first hill west of the Maryville Railroad; the enemy vigorously at work on the ridge north of Fort Sanders. He appeared to be connecting his batteries by lines of rifle-pits. The profile seemed too light for a "first parallel." The enemy was very active all day, and sharp firing was kept up, principally from the enemy, our troops reserving their fire.

Saturday, November 28.-Both armies hard at work. The enemy displayed six guns at their position on south side of river, and opened upon Roemer's battery, throwing an occasional shot at Fort Sanders, but without doing any damage. Commenced the construction of a line of rifle-trenches on the Sevierville Hill (south side).

