
and acted with great gallantry. I would respectfully commend Lieutenant J. Redfearn, Twenty-sixth Kentucky, especially, for his reckless daring and bravery. He was in command of the squad of the Twenty-sixth Kentucky, and for many miles led the pursuit, frequently with 1 or 2 men only charging upon a dozen of the flying enemy. They, however, scarcely ever returned the fire of our men, relying on the fleetness of their horses for safety, and seemed to be intent only on getting away. I went from Mitchellsville to Franklin on Thursday evening, and returned here yesterday.

Very respectfully,

CICERO MAXWELL,

Colonel 26th Ky. Volunteers, Comdg. U. S. Forces, S. W. Ky.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-I sincerely regret to say that one of our men got into a difficulty with a citizen named Dinning, near the State line, and unfortunately killed him. The men had been instructed to seize horses when theirs gave out. We were in hot pursuit of the robbers, and the horse of one of our men gave out. He undertook to seize Dinning's horse. Dinning resisted and, the soldier says, drew a knife, and he shot and killed him. Dinning was a sympathizer with the rebellion, but I understand, generally, a harmless man. I will have the matter investigated. In our pursuit of the guerrillas, I was more than ever convinced of the utter malignity and treachery of the sympathizers with treason in the southern part of Logan County. Some severe measure, in my humble judgment, will have to be adopted with them before the daily and nightly robberies of their friends can be stopped.

OCTOBER 22, 1863.-Destruction of the Steamer Mist on the Mississippi River.

Report of Brig. General Napoleon B. Buford, U. S. Army, commanding District of Eastern Arkansas.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., October 23, 1863.

SIR: For the information of General Hurlbut, I report the steamer Mist, Captain Calhoum, was burned by a party of 20 guerrillas, commanded by Dick Holland, at the foot of Ship Island, on the Mississippi shore, yesterday at 3 p.m., the captain robbed of a large sum, which he states to have been over $ 17,000, and the boat rifled. The captain and crew of 10 men were allowed to go free. Captain Calhoum reports his engine was out of order. He was anchored in the stream; took a skiff and went ashore to get four bales of cotton; the boat was blown ashore.

The cotton he said had been purchased from a man named Cole, by McDonald, who had a permit to ship 50 bales. Captain Calhoun states his pilot, E. Wood, was also robbed of $ 5,000 of Confederate money, which was in the safe with the boat's funds. The guerrillas did not burn Cole's cotton. The captain further states that the steamer Evansville landed at the same place the day previous,

