
Nos.1 and 2 were connected by rifle-trenches, while Nos.3 and 4, though not connected, each was well provided with rifle-trenches to cover the infantry supports of the batteries. With sufficient time this disposition could be very much improved by making the several forts of such a character (building bomb-proofs for stores and cisterns for water) that each would be self-reliant.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

ORLANDO M. POE,

Captain, U. S. Engrs., Chief Engr. Army of the Ohio.

Brig. General WILLIAM F. SMITH,

Chief Engineer, Military Division of the Mississippi.

No. 8.

Report of Captain William H. Harris, U. S. Ordnance Corps, Senior Ordnance Officer.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Cincinnati, January 1, 1864.

SIR: * The ordnance and ordnance stores captured by the Army of the Ohio, in the twenty-one day's continuous fighting and skirmishing with the enemy, from the 14th of November, are as follows, viz: One 3-inch wrought-iron rifle gun, I. M. W., No. 410, P. I. Company, 1862, 816 pounds; two 6-pounder brass guns, C. A.&amp; Company, Boston, 1851, marked "Arkansas Military Institute;" one navy carronade, iron, caliber about 4,8 inch, no marks; two iron smooth-bore guns, caliber about 4 inch, marked T. M. Brennan, maker, Nashville, Tennessee, 1861; carriages for each of the above unserviceable; 500 stand of small-arms.

The arsenal, including storehouses and machine-shops, being without the line of intrenchments, was destroyed to prevent its falling into the hands of the enemy and becoming a shelter for sharp-shooters. After its destruction, which was complete and total, a lathe was moved into the town, and with the aid of water power, a small machine-shop was started, which was used in reducing the caliber of Hochkiss for James 3.8-inch rifle gun to 3.67-inch, after which they were fired from the 20-pounder battery commanded by Lieutenant S. N. Benjamin, of the Second U. S. Artillery. About 200 were thus prepared and found to answer satisfactorily. His own ammunition was partially exhausted the series of battles in which he was engaged and partially abandoned to lighten his carriages on the retreat from Loudon to Knoxville. Communication was cut off, and no ammunition could be obtained elsewhere. Some of the shells thus prepared by the Ordnance Department were used with terrible effect as hand-grenades upon the rebels in the ditch of Fort Sanders during the assault on the 29th of November.

The repeated assaults upon this fort, and the close proximity of the enemy's rifle-pits, made it very desirable to mount two or three mortars for the purpose of shelling out the enemy's trenches. As none were on hand, a wooden mortar was constructed, capable of throwing a 24-pounder howitzer shell. It was made of a live white oak, 2 1/2 feet

---------------

*For portion (here omitted) covering operations in East Tennessee, August 15 to October 10, 1863, see Series I, Vol. XXX, Part II,p.571.

---------------

