
in diameter, and when finished, the thickness of the wood was I foot and in rear of the seat of the charge from 18 inches to 2 feet. It was hooped with three iron bands shrunk on, and mounted on a bed of oak. It was fired with a 24-pounder howitzer shell and 7 ounces of powder, and withstood the test admirably; but subsequently, being fire the same projectile and 16 ounces of good powder, it burst in two.

The 2,000 pikes captured from the enemy were turned to good account by constructing with them a kind of cheval-de-frise in front of our rifle-pits. They have since been removed, and are at present in the hands of Lieutenant Williams, commanding the Knoxville ordnance depot.

In conclusion, I would respectfully submit that the regulations of the Ordnance Bureau at Washington, and the manner in which they have been carried into effect from that office, have resulted in the Army of the Ohio being at all times promptly and efficiently supplied with all necessary ordnance stores.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. HARRIS,

Captain of Ordnance, Senior Ord. Officer Dept.of the Ohio.

Maj. Gen. AMBROSE C. BURNSIDE,

U. S. Volunteers.

No. 9.

Reports of Maj. General John G. Parke, U. S. Army, commanding United States forces in the field.

FIFTEEN MILES FROM FLAT CREEK BRIDGE, December 8, 1863-11.30 p.m.

GENERAL: I have ordered Manson and Potter to move on early in the morning. Have notified Shackelford of my position; told him to move cautiously, and have also sent word to Foster of my movements. I have also directed officers to be sent to bring up further supplies by rail (to a point 2 miles short of Strawberry Plains) or by wagon.

If wire is not disturbed, it would be well to send an operator to the point indicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tennessee

RUTLIDGE, December 9, [1863]-2.45 p.m.

GENERAL: I send copy of dispatch just received from Shackelford.* I have halted the infantry here; they are fatigued, and I shall move no farther unless ordered.

I have sent to Shackelford to open communication with General

---------------

*See dispatch of 12.30 p.m. same date,p.411.

---------------

