
BLAIN'S CROSS-ROADS, December 16, 1863-12 m.

GENERAL: Have just arrived; have selected a position, and will post the troops that are here and the others as they arrive. I have no news from the front since morning.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

Major-General FOSTER.
HEADQUARTERS, Midway between Blain's Cross-Roads and Rutledge, December 16, 1863-12.30 a.m.

GENERAL: I have just reached this place on my way back to Blain's Cross-Roads. The enemy attacked my advance to-day, consisting of one division of infantry and the cavalry. Our men held their own, but a large force of cavalry came from the direction of Morristown, crossed the river, and threatened our rear. I found that I had not sufficient cavalry to cope with the enemy; this determined me to fall back, in obedience to your order.

Your dispatch of 5.30 p.m. just received. I had received the report of Colonel Palmer in reference to Longstreet, but General Shackelford is equally confident that he is in our front. Whether or not this be so, I cannot at present determine. At any rate, we have prisoners from Johnson's and Gracie's commands. Elliott might move his command out this way, and, on a personal interview with Sturgis, the route for his command be determined. The question of rations is becoming a serious one. I will direct commissaries to make their requisitions, and draw from Strawberry Plains. Can a sub-depot be established there?

JNO. G. PARKE,Major-General.

General J. G. FOSTER.

BLAIN'S CROSS-ROADS, December 16, 1863-4.30 p.m.

GENERAL: I have a good position here. The enemy's cavalry has been skirmishing with our rear guard to within 2 or 3 miles of our line. Sturgis' last dispatch, at 4 p.m., says the enemy is not advancing so boldly as heretofore. If he undertakes to advance to-morrow, we will endeavor to check him, which I think we can do pretty well. Sheridan is up, and Wood protects his command at Flat Creek. I received the dispatches about rations, and we all feel easier on that score. I have just forwarded a dispatch from Willcox and Poe. We have, I think, a pretty strong position, and our flanks are now well watched. I fear that during the night some of our men straggled in advance. Should any of them reach Knoxville without proper authority, I hope they will be summarily dealt with.

Yours, respectfully,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

Major-General FOSTER.

