
and took on board about 20 bales of cotton without the protection of a gunboat.

There are inconsistencies in this story which are apparent. I am informed by Colonel Silas Noble, who is here, that when he commanded at Paducah, Captain Calhoun was disloyal.

Your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 22-24, 1863.-Scout from Germantown, Tennessee, to Chulahoma, Miss.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Reuben Loomis, Sixth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Germantown, Tennessee, October 24, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with your instructions, I started on the 22nd with the effective force of my command and a part of Smith's battery, south, crossed the Coldwater at Quinn's Mill, took the road to Chulahoma, met teams going to Memphis with cotton from beyond and south of Holly Springs; learned that some 25 of Richardson's command had passed through there going north on Tuesday. They report Chalmers at or near Water Valley; no rebel force this side of Oxford; contrabands report about the same. Before I got to Chulahoma I met Major S. Forbes, of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, with 50 men. He had been within 4 or 5 miles of Wyatt; found no force except scouts. I scouted the country thoroughly in that vicinity. From all that I can learn, there is about a battalion scattered through the country in small squads this side of Tallahatchie. We charged through Byhalia and run out 8 rebels,but they were too well mounted to be caught; that was the greatest number I saw together. The weather being inclement, the men's clothing, and in many cases ammunition, being thoroughly soaked with the rain of the night of the 22nd and forenoon of the 23d, and no force of the enemy to be found this side of the Tallahatchie, I returned to camp.

Hoping what I have done may meet your approbation, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. LOOMIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

Colonel EDWARD HATCH,

Commanding Cavalry Division.

OCTOBER 24-NOVEMBER 10, 1863.-Expedition from Goodrich's Landing, La., to Griffin's Landing and Catfish Point, Miss.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George E. Currie, Mississippi Marine Brigade.

ON BOARD STEAMER B. J. ADAMS,

Napoleon, Ark., November 19, 1863.

GENERAL: Agreeably to your written instructions of the 23rd ultimo, I left Goodrich's Landing, La., on the 24th ultimo, after being

3 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

