
BLAIN'S CROSS-ROADS, December 17, 1863-11.30 p.m.

Yours of 8.25 just received. By the river road, I mean a road parallel to the Rutledge road, and the north side of Holston-one of the many roads not indicated on our map.

The point where this road crosses Richland Creek (Stone's Mill) is still held by Spears' brigade. I have reason to believe that there was no infantry appeared against him this evening. The last report from there was all quiet. In fact, the enemy's advance had retired and were followed by our skirmishers. How far they pursued I cannot say. No report yet made. I presume not far. my impression about Longstreet massing on the river road was not confirmed by the observations form our signal mountain. No large camp fires were visible, nor large smokes seen in our front on either road a sundown. In fact, I am now inclined to believe that there is nothing but cavalry in our immediate front. Shall I sen an ambulance to Strawberry Plains for you? There is a very good one here that Colonel Babcock, of the Ninth Corps, has suggested to send.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

Major-General FOSTER.

BLAIN'S CROSS-ROADS, December 21, 1863-8 p.m.

(Received 1.15 a.m., 22nd.)

As soon as I had received the report of the raid to Graveston, i had a brigade of cavalry moved, and Colonel Foster is of opinion that it is now so posted as to prevent a repetition. Colonel Capron, commanding the brigade, is directed to keep up communication with General Willcox.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

General E. E. POTTER.

BLAIN'S CROSS-ROADS, December [21, 1863]-7 p.m.

(Received 1 a.m.,22nd.)

We have now pretty reliable information that Longstreet's headquarters were last night at Shield's house, some 2 or 3 miles this side of Bean's Station. This information is given by 3 men, paroled Vicksburg prisoners, whom the rebel cavalry arrested near Buffalo Creek, on the river road. They were taken up to Rutledge, and then had a pass given them to their command, Vaughn's, at Rogersville, a mile or two beyond Rutledge. They turned off the road, and during last night they returned to our lines. They saw no infantry in Rutledge or this side excepting a few stragglers beyond Rutledge. They saw extensive camp fires. This is confirmed by our signal officer's report of this evening. We have also reliable information that two brigades, rebel cavalry, are encamped on the river road near Buffalo Creek and Indian Ridge, some 6 or 8 miles in front of General Spears. The citizens report that Ewell has

re-enforced Longstreet. This, I think, is the old report, and not entitled

