
Hartranft having reported for duty, I ordered him to move to the same point which what force I had of the Second Division and the seven guns of Benjamin's and von Sehlen's batteries. Buckley's battery had already started for the same point. Hartranft started about dusk. I soon received a report from Biddle that the horses in his battery had given out; that he had dismounted some of his cavalry and put the horses to the guns, but owing to the fearful state of the roads he could make no progress. Hartranft soon after reported that he could not move his artillery, although he had a brigade of infantry assisting; had destroyed some ammunition and temporarily abandoned limbers and caissons. About 10 p.m. the enemy attempted to drive in our skirmishers, but were repulsed.

Between 4 and 5 a.m. I received a number of mule teams from General White, which were given to the artillery, and it at once began to move.

At a quarter past 6 a.m. of the 16th, Ferrero's division began to move from Lenoir's after White, with Humphrey's brigade, of Ferrero's division, covering the rear. The enemy followed at once, but showed no force or disposition to press us until within 2 miles of Campbell's Station, when they began to press heavily on the rear, but were held in check by Humphrey. Meantime, Biddle and Hartranft had arrived, and Hartranft had placed Biddle and Sigfried, with a section of Gittings' [battery], in position on the Kingston road.

Hartranft's pickets along the river had joined him, and a company of cavalry at Low's Ferry moved to Knoxville.

Hartranft, after securing all the roads, sent a force of about 200 mounted men of Biddle's along the Kingston road with orders to move forward till they found the enemy and then attack. They found them about 2 1/2 miles out and, deploying the whole force as skirmishers, attacked at once. The enemy's advance, evidently (as intended) supposing them the cover of a larger force, did not attempt to drive them until a considerable force came up. At 11 a.m. the enemy were pressing us heavily on both roads and turning Hartranft's right. Humphrey charged and drove them back on the Lenoir road, Hartranft's forces holding them back on the other. All the artillery and trains having passed the junction of the roads, and White being in position beyond the creek, at Campbell's Station, in accordance with orders, I prepared to withdraw, having first placed Morrison's brigade, of the First Division, below the junction of the two roads, with right and left extending to them, and sending Biddle and Gittings' section of battery to the rear, followed by the troops of Ferrero and Hartranft not in position.

Having all the troops remaining now on the same line, I ordered them to retire, and they fell back slowly to their new positions; Humphrey first, on the left, followed by Morrison and Sigfried, which, in our new position, placed Christ's brigade, of Ferrero's division, on the extreme right, with Morrison next, and Humphrey in support of batteries, General White holding the center. Hartranft was placed next, holding the left, with one regiment in support of batteries and one in reserve, our of ammunition.

Benjamin's battery was placed on the right of the Knoxville road, with Gittings on his right and von Sehlen and Buckley in the rear, Roemer's battery being on the left of the road. The enemy attacked here at 12 m. Shortly after opening fire the rifled guns were moved to the left of the road, Benjamin being nearest the road, with Gittings

