
on his left, the three guns of von Sehlen on his right and rear, and Roemer to the left and rear of Gittings, in reserve.

The enemy now annoyed Christ's right so much that he had to change his front in that direction. Buckley, executing the same movement, commenced shelling the wood on the right, with good effect, and the enemy's progress in that direction was checked.

At this time, by direction of General Burnside, I sent Captain Coddington, one of my aides, with who companies of mounted men to reconnoiter on the right. He passed along the skirt of the woods and over the hill to the right to a point where he could see the next valley. Finding nothing, he returned, leaving his men behind the edge of the woods to the right. I also sent two companies of the One hundredth and twelfth Illinois Mounted Infantry down the Concord road, which, running beyond our left, entered the Knoxville road in our rear. The enemy having established his batteries, shelled us severely. General White's batteries being about out of ammunition, were withdrawn and placed in position on a hill to the rear by Lieutenant-Colonel Bowen, of my staff.

About 2.30 I received a report from the mounted force sent on the Concord road, that they had met the enemy's pickets, and that the enemy were crossing the road and moving through the woods to our left.

I shortly after received an order to prepare for withdrawing to a more favorable position on the hill in our rear. I first sent Buckley and von Sehlen, with his three guns, to the rear, followed by Benjamin and Gittings, who were placed on the right of the road, Roemer returning the fire of the enemy. The troops in reserve were also sent to the rear.

As soon as Benjamin and Gittings opened from their new position, I ordered Ferrero and Hartranft to retire on the right and left, while Chapin's command, relieving on the center, covered the movement. Roemer's guns were withdrawn at the same time.

These movements being executed at our leisure, although under a hot fire, occupied considerable time, and our new line was not established until about 4 p.m., Ferrero being on the right of the road, with Hartranft on our left, with Roemer's guns and a regiment of White's between his right and the road, the rest of White's command being in Hartranft's rear. Hartranft had scarcely formed his line and thrown out his skirmishers when he received a fire from the woods on his left in his flank and rear. He at once changed front with his left, throwing some skirmishers in the woods. At this moment the enemy were reported getting a battery in position on a high hill on our left, with which to enfilade our line. Simultaneously, a considerable force of the enemy came in sight, moving across some cleared ground about half way up the hill. Roemer, who was just getting into position, changed front to the left and opened a hot fire on them. They immediately fell back precipitately and in confusion, and were followed by their skirmishers, who ran out of the woods to our left. The enemy's infantry now seemed to have come to a halt, and made no further aggressive demonstration, their batteries, however, keeping up a hot fire until sundown.

Just before sunset General Burnside ordered me to retire to Knoxville, sending Ferrero forward, followed by the artillery and wagons, with Hartranft next, and I was also directed to send Biddle, with his mounted force and a section of artillery, under Lieutenant Bartlett, Third U. S. Artillery, to report to General White, who, it was under-

