
stood would bring up the rear. I accordingly withdrew leisurely, about 6, the enemy evincing not the least disposition trouble us, and we heard no more of them.

It was understood that the forces in our front were the divisions of McLaws and Jenkins, of Longstreet's command.

Arriving near Knoxville at an early hour in the morning of the 17th, we waited until daylight enabled us to take up the positions designated for the command. My total strength, including Biddle, was about 3,500; my losses in the troops belonging to the Ninth Corps were 26 killed, 166 wounded, and 57 missing; total, 249. I have received no report of the loss in the mounted force, their reported probably having been made to General Shackelford, to whose command they belong. Among the missing are included some few wounded, too badly hurt to move, and a few left at my first position beyond the Kingston road' the ambulances having got too far to the rear, we were unable to get enough up in time to move all. The rest are stragglers or a few detached pickets that the enemy succeeded in cutting off. I desire to call attention to the skill, energy, and bravery of all my officers and men, and particularly to Genera Ferrero and Colonel Hartranft, and Colonel Sigfried, Humphrey, and Biddle. To Hartranft's energy and prudence, we are in a great measure indebted for our success in getting off all our artillery, and in preventing the enemy from getting on our line of retreat at the junction of the Kingston road; it is to be hoped that he may speedily received the promotion so long and so well deserved. Lieutenant Fletcher also rendered much valuable assistance.

My thanks are due to all the members of my staff for their gallantry and efficient and cheerful services, and particularly to Lieutenant-Colonels Bowen and Babcock, assistant adjutant-general and inspector-general of the corps, for important services on the march and in action. The whole command was almost continuously under arms, marching, maneuvering, and fighting for three days and nights, in bad weather, over the worst of roads, and in front of a largely superior force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND, Asst. Adjt. Gen.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tennessee, November 20, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the effective strength of the Ninth Corps, as returned by division commanders November 19 and 20, as follows:

Command.	 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Total.

 	 men.

FIRST DIVISION.

First Brigade	 45	 601

-----

Second Brigade	 54	 743

-----

Third Brigade	 78 	 803

-----

Battery L, Second New York Artillery	 3	 192

-----

Battery D, First Rhode Island	 4	 106

------

Artillery

Total of First Division	 184	 2,445	 2,629

