
Command.	 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Total.

 	 men.

SECOND DIVISION.

First Brigade	 61	 719	 ----

Second Brigade	 34	 706	 ----

Total of Second Division	 95	 1,425 	 1,520

UNATTACHED.

Battery E. Second U. S. Artillery	 2	 87	 ----

Batteries L and M, Third	 4	 76	 ----

U. S. Artillery

Seventy-ninth New York	 15	 150	 ----

Volunteers

Total unattached	 21	 313	 334

RECAPITULATION.	 	 	 ----

First Division	 184	 2,445	 ----

Second Division	 95	 1,425	 ----

Unattached	 21 	 313	 ----

Total of corps	 300	 4,183	 4,483

The disposition of the command is as follows:

The First Brigade, First Division, holds the left of the line of defense, commencing at the river at a point to the left of Powell's house and extending to Fort Sanders on the right of the Kingston road.

The Third Brigade, First Division, holds the line from Fort Sanders to a point to the right about midway between the fort and Second Creek.

The Second Brigade, First Division, holds the line from the right of the Third Brigade, to where Second Creek passes under the railroad, connecting with the left of the Second Division.

The First Brigade, Second Division with one regiment of the Second Brigade, holds the crest of the bluff between Gay street and Second Creek, the left connecting with the Second Brigade, First Division, the right extending to Gay street.

The two remaining regiments of the Second Brigade, Second Division, occupy the field on the north side of Gay street, the right of the brigade resting near First Creek and connecting with General White's line.

Fort Sanders is garrisoned by Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, and Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery, supported by the

Seventy-ninth Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry, Battery L, Second New York Artillery, occupies the ground of the seminary, supported by four companies of infantry of the First Division, numbering about 160 men.

Batteries L and M, Third U. S. Artillery, are posted on the bluff overlooking the railroad depot about the center of the line held by the Second Division. The Fifteenth Indiana Battery is posted in the field to the right of Gay street, near the right of line of Second Division.

Four companies of infantry from the Third Brigade, First Division, with a portion of the First Brigade, occupy the rifle-pits from the left of Fort Sanders to the Kingston road.

Powell's house to the left of the Kingston road has been barricaded and loopholed for musketry, and the house of Mr. Barnes, on the extreme right of the line of the First Division, is occupied by a company of infantry.

