
and if, on Hartranft's advance, a favorable opportunity should occur, to seize and occupy the enemy's advanced rifle-pits in front of his right, the fire of which was annoying us in our works.

The attacking force formed on the line of skirmishers at daylight and moved rapidly forward, taking the enemy somewhat by surprise, recovering all the lost ground and re-establishing our line of skirmishers on the old ground. About the same time the Second Michigan Volunteers, detailed by Ferrero for that duty, dashed at the rifle-pits before mentioned through a severe fire, drove the enemy, and occupied them. Unfortunately, they afforded but little shelter. The enemy's main line was right in front, strongly occupied, and our troops were exposed to a severe enfilading fire from their left. They held this position for half an hour, but finding it untenable, they retired after a loss of 50 killed, wounded, and missing, including the major and adjutant, who fell into the enemy's hands. Hartranft's loss amounted to 22, including 2 officers wounded and 5 men killed.

I have to congratulate myself ont he gallant conduct of all the men engaged, expressing, at the same time, the regret I feel for the serious loss sustained by the gallant Second Michigan. I inclose copies of the reports of General Ferrero and Colonel Hartranft.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEGG'S HOUSE, NEAR CHESTERFIELD, December 8, 1863-2 a.m.

MAJOR: The enemy have their rear about 5 miles beyond this side of Blain's Cross-Roads. General Shackelford is up with them; they won't move any faster then they are obliged to. I don't think they have any infantry this side of Rutledge. Foster (Colonel) was at Powder Mill Gap to-day, skirmishing with Jones. Chapin's brigade is here; Hascall's division, I hear, crossed the river at Armstrong's Ferry, and went to Strawberry Plains. My command is under orders to move at daylight, which will be countermanded, and we won't move till further orders. I think if we are going beyond this we ought to move on without delay; there are indications of a storm, which, if it comes, is going to make marching bad on these roads, and give us trouble with our artillery.

Your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

Major VAN BUREN,

Aide-de-Camp.

McKINNEY'S, 1/4 MILE EAST OF BLAIN'S CROSS-ROADS, December 8,

1863-3.45 p.m.

GENERAL: At noon to-day General Shackelford was at Powder Spring Gap road, 6 miles east of this. The last of the enemy's cavalry left that point early in the morning. All of the infantry had passed here by Sunday morning. Early Sunday afternoon

