
Hood's division was at Rutledge, and McLaws' on the road this side, both moving east; all the cavalry in rear passed Sunday and Sunday night except one brigade (four regiments), which remained between this and Westfield (Chesterfield on the map), and left in a hurry yesterday afternoon. The last, a rear guard of 30 men, passed about sundown. The cavalry on the Powder Spring Gap road, over Copper Ridge, left last night, blockading the road behind them. Armstrong's division of cavalry passed through Rutledge on Sunday in advance of the infantry of McLaws' division, and probably some other. Most of their trains and artillery passed here Friday, and Saturday some cavalry and some wagons and probably a small force of infantry took the road below Westfield to Strawberry Plains.

Bushord Johnson passed Saturday night at this point; Jones' command seems to have been on the road to Cumberland Gap, to cover the flank of the column. The enemy reported that they in good order, and with no signs of demoralization or stragglers; some deserters among the Tennessee troops, but not many. They were marching their infantry at fair average rate.

The roads are sticky, and a little rain is going to make them bad. I am having some trouble now with artillery and teams and a good deal of straggling, partly because the men are so badly shod and are weak, and partly in search of food. All the enemy's infantry and artillery were more than two full days ahead of this point last night. If they moved on Monday as they did on Sunday, I don't think it possible for us to get near them unless they halt. General Shackelford is looking for Colonel Foster's division to come up; it was to have been here at 11 a.m., but I cannot learn that it has passed yet.

Your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General PARKE,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-I am picketing the roads above here, but can't learn anything of any enemy. Citizens have a rumor that General Ransom had started from Virginia with 10,000 men to join Longstreet, but turned back.

No. 11.

Itinerary of the Ninth Army Corps, October 20-December 31, 1863.*

October 20 [corps at Knoxville, Tennessee], the First Division marched toward Loudon Bridge, a distance of about 30 miles.

October 22, the Second Division proceeded by cars to Loudon Bridge, arriving same day; the First Division also arrived at Loudon Bridge, and crossed the Tennessee River to Loudon.

October 28, First Division, with part of Twenty-third Army Corps, evacuated Loudon, and marched back 6 miles to Lenoir's Station.

October 31, the headquarters of the corps and troops are stationed at Lenoir's Station, East Tennessee, with the exception of the Third Brigade, Second Division, which is on detached service at Cumberland

---------------

*From returns for October, November, and December.

---------------

