
Gap, Ky., and Battery D, Independent Pennsylvania Volunteer Artillery, on detached service at Covington, Ky.

November 1, headquarters of corps and troops were stationed at Lenoir's Station, East Tennessee, a distance of 25 miles from Knoxville, on the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad.

November 6, Batteries L and M, Third U. S. Artillery, proceeded to Knoxville and encamped there.

November 14, the corps broke camp (except the artillery) and proceeded to Loudon a distance of 6 miles, to meet the enemy, who were crossing at Huff's with two divisions, commanded by Lieutenant General James Longstreet. The wagon trains were ordered to Knoxville, arriving there safely ont he 16th instant.

November 15, Batteries L and M, Third U. S. Artillery, arrived at Lenoir's Station from Knoxville. At 9 a.m. the First Brigade, Second Division, relieved General White's skirmishers that been falling back slowly before the enemy. Our artillery arrived from Lenoir's Station, and the corps engaged the enemy, falling back slowly and in good order to Lenoir's Station, arriving there the afternoon of the same day. The enemy appearing on our front again, the First Division was ordered in position to meet them on the Kingston road. They remained in position until daybreak next morning. At 8 p.m. same day the Second Division, with Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, was ordered to fall back toward Knoxville.

November 16, at daybreak, the First Division, with its artillery, was ordered to fall back to Campbell's Station, arriving there at 11 a.m. At 5 a.m. the First Brigade, Second Division, was moved quickly forward to Campbell's Station, to occupy the road between that place and Kingston. At 9 a.m. the Second Brigade, Second Division, and Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, arrived at Campbell's Station. The line of battle was then formed. The enemy attacked us in large force, but was repulsed with sever loss. At dusk the corps fell back to Knoxville, the First Division arriving at midnight, the Second Division at daybreak next morning.

November 17, our line was formed around Knoxville, and the troops were immediately set to work constructing, earth-works for the batteries and rifle-pits for themselves.

November 18, the enemy appeared on our front; skirmishing commenced, and continued daily until the morning of Sunday, the 29th, when at 5 a.m., our pickets were driven in and six regiments of the enemy charged upon that portion of our works known as Fort Sanders. It was occupied by Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, and supported by the Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, Second Michigan, and a detachment from the Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, numbering, in all, about 300 men. They repulsed the enemy, killing, wounding, and capturing about 750 of the enemy, with 3 stand of colors. Nothing more of not transpired up to the date of this return, except that the enemy is intrenching himself and constructing breastworks for the batteries, and preparing to besiege the city. Both ours and the enemy's outposts have constructed earth-works for themselves, and are continually skirmishing with each other, the distance from our outposts to those of the enemy not being more than 150 yards.

November 30, remained in the same position as that taken on the 17th, instant awaiting the enemy to advance on our works. The Third Brigade, Second Division, are still on detached service at

