
of an hour, and the actual fight at the ditch and on the parapet over twenty minutes. During the flag of truce I talked with many officers, among them Lieutenant-Colonel Alexander, chief of artillery on General Longstreet's staff, who spoke highly of our maneuvering at the battle of Campbell's Station.

I claim credit mainly for building up the work, getting it properly garrisoned, and, above all, for drawing the attack on the northwest salient. If the assault had been made anywhere else it would have succeeded. During the assault I handled the troops, giving all orders and seeing to their execution.

The greatest credit is of course due to the men, who fought splendidly. I saw one man use an ax.

I put my pistol within 6 inches of a rebel's face and pulled trigger three times. They were on the exterior crest of the parapet all the time.

Wishing you success and happiness, and hoping that you may have a command soon,

I remain, very respectfully, your friend,

SAMUEL, N. BENJAMIN,

Captain, Second Artillery.

FORT SANDERS.

On the morning of November 17, 1863, in accordance with orders, I posted Gittings' battery near the depot; Roemer's at Seminary Hill; Buckley's and Benjamin's on the ridge to the northwest of the town, about 1 mile out and north of the main road to Campbell's Station. Here a bastion work (square) had been commenced, and was about

one-fourth finished on three fronts-fourth front not commenced. It afforded no protection, nor could a gun be dragged into it until four hours' work with 200 negroes had made ways and cleared places for them. I assumed command by your order, and planned the defense.

The line held by our troops made a right angle here, with the fort at the angle. The northwest bastion being the salient of the angle, following its capital less than 80 yards from fort, was an abrupt descent, running into a large thick wood; the descent covered with a thin growth of pines.

By dint of persuasion, and demonstrating the impossibility of holding this position otherwise, I prevailed on General Ferrero to occupy the hill due south from the fort, on the other side of the road to Campbell's Station. (Fire from that point would have taken much of our line in reverse.)

The northwest bastion was the point to attack, if the rebels could be induced to attack the earth-work instead of the low breastwork or rifle-pit thrown up by the men.

At the fort were four 20-pounder Parrotts, four light 12-pounders, and two 3-inch guns (Buckley's other two guns I placed on the hill to the south). I left the fort open in the rear, the rifle-pits running from the ends of the gorge south to the river and east up by the town. I procured the Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers for garrison (about 125 strong), and in case of attack on the fort four companies of the Seventeenth Michigan were to enter it and post themselves at the point assaulted. I placed the guns so as to sweep thoroughly all approach to the rifle-pits, leaving a large section without fire in front the salient of the northwest to induce them to assault there. Work went on night and day under my sole direction.

