
an short rations, had in day-time to work on the breastworks, and at night to be on guard by their guns, they endured every hardship cheerfully and enjoy a general good health.

JACOB ROEMER,

Captain, Comdg. Battery L, Second New York Artillery.

No. 14.

Reports of Captain William W. Buckley, Battery D, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTY. D, FIRST RHODE ISLAND LT. ARTY., Fort Sanders, Knoxville, Tennessee, December 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my battery since November 14:

November 14.- Lay in camp at Lenoir's Station ready to move.

November 15.- At 7.20 p.m. moved toward Campbell's Station. Arrived at 9.30 a.m. November 16, and moved into position on left of Loudon and Knoxville road. Engaged enemy at 11.30 a.m. Fired at intervals until 4 p.m., then withdrew and moved 1 mile on road toward Knoxville. At 5.30 p.m. moved toward Knoxville, arriving at 10.30 p.m.

November 17.- At 10 a.m. moved battery into Fort Sanders.

November 18.- Fired a few shots at enemy's skirmishers in brick house on Kingston road. Placed one gun in position in front of Powell's house.

November 19.- Changed position of guns in Fort Sanders and shelled woods on right of the fort.

November 20,21, and 22.- Changed positions of one or two guns and fired shots at the enemy's skirmishers.

November 23.- Moved two guns to right of Second Division, Ninth Army Corps.

November 24.- No changes.

November 25.- Shelled woods to cover advance of Second Michigan on enemy's rifle-pits.

November 26 and 27.- No changes.

November 28.- Shelled enemy in the evening while they were driving in our skirmishers. Fired at intervals until 3 a.m. of November 29.

November 29.- Engaged enemy at daylight until 7.30 a.m. Enemy charged on the fort. Fired canister.

November 30.- No changes.

December 1.- No changes.

December 2.- Fired a few shots at enemy's batteries to the right of the fort, and also at enemy's infantry.

December 3.- Shelled enemy's rifle-pits.

All the above movements and operations, in obedience to orders from headquarters First Division, Ninth Army Corps, and from Lieutenant Benjamin, commanding Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery.

On the march from Lenoir's Station to Knoxville I was obliged to abandon my battery wagon body and contents and one caisson-body, owing to my horses being unable to draw them. I also abandoned

