
on the parapet; at the same time a heavy fire was opened on the bastion from batteries on our front, right, and left. They fired from 20 and 10-pounder Parrotts, 3-inch and 12-pounder guns, and 24-pounder howitzers. The bastion was occupied by detachments from the Seventy-ninth New York and Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Infantry, numbering 80 men, one gun, 3-inch, of Roemer's (New York) battery, and one of my guns.

I fired 2 shots (canister) from my gun placed in barbette in the salient angle of the bastion, and then placed it in embrasure on the right face to allow infantry to occupy the angle. Roemer's gun was in embrasure on the left face, the most important point; but, after firing 3 rounds, the horses of the limber became frightened and ran away with it, thereby depriving the gun of ammunition. My sergeant, Charles C. Gray, by my order, with his men, ran Roemer's gun back from the embrasure, and then carried their own gun over by hand, and occupied it. They worked the gun there until the engagement was over, firing double and triple rounds of canister. This movement was effected under a very heavy fire, both from artillery and musketry. The fight lasted about one hour. At the and of that time the enemy fell back, leaving 93 dead, over 100 wounded, 4 stand of colors, 500 stand of arms, and 300 prisoners in our hands. In addition to this the retreating enemy carried away a great many killed and wounded with them. The prisoners were captured in the ditch of the fort. They charged into it, and after getting in could neither get farther nor go back. Our loss in the fort was 2 killed and 8 wounded. The small loss was owing to the fact of our men being protected by the parapet, which was built up with cotton bales. Sergeant Gray and his detachment deserve great credit for their coolness and promptitude during the assault. Two of my guns, under Lieutenant Parker, were in position and enfiladed the enemy's line as it crossed the railroad from a point 700 to 800 yards on the right; also gun in the left bastion of the fort, and one on the left of the Kingston road, under Lieutenant Rhodes, kept up a constant fire from their positions.

The night of December 4, the enemy evacuated their positions after having besieged us for eighteen days. A great many of my horses were burned as unserviceable, as I could not get forage for them. The men were reduced to 1 1/4 pounds of fresh beef and one-eighth of a loaf of bread per day for rations; no coffee, sugar, or small rations.

On the morning of December 7, I marched with four guns and two caissons (all I could hitch up for want of horses) to Rutledge, arriving the 9th, and remained there until the 14th; distance, 32 miles. The night of the 14th, we fell back to this point. We shall probably be engaged again soon, as the enemy is in force in our front.

The following is a list of casualties at Campbell's Station and Knoxville: Private Richard Lewis, leg shot off; Private William A. Oakes, wounded in face; Private Leonard G. Ellis, wounded in head (not badly); Private William T. Dinkins, wounded slightly.

I expended the following amount of ammunition at Campbell's Station and Knoxville: Twenty-five rounds solid shot, 43 rounds canister, 216 rounds of shell, and 239 rounds case-shot.

I had to be very saving, as there was no extra ammunition for

12-pounder guns in the corps, except a few shell and canister. This has probably been the hardest campaign of the war on troops. My

