
men have drawn no clothing of any kind since leaving Cincinnati and some of them are barefooted to-day. I have been unable to obtain any, as it has been impossible to get it over the mountains. Some of the men are quite ragged, and hardly any have stockings. The weather is getting quite cold, and they are in great need of all kinds of clothing. In addition to this, they have not drawn over one-half rations of coffee and sugar since the 28th day of August, and a great part of that time it has been but one-quarter rations, and sometimes none at all. They have had but very little hard bread; it has been flour and fresh beef, and the flour they can only cook to make it hardly eatable, as they have nothing to mix with it. Beans, rice, and vegetables, they have had none since leaving Cincinnati, and, only once in a great while, candles and soap.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BUCKLEY,

Captain, Comdg. Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery.

Brig. Gen. E. C. MAURAN,

Adjutant-General, State of Rhode Island.

No. 15.

Reports of Brig. Gen. Edward Ferrero, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.

FORT SANDERS, November 23, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions from the general commanding, I sent the Second Michigan forward to watch our opportunity to carry rifle-pits at the edge of the woods on the left of my northwest front; they charged and carried the pit gallantly, with severe loss, and held it half an hour, when their commanding officer was severely wounded. At the same moment the enemy opened a destructive flank fire on the left, compelling them to fall back, I regret to say, with severe loss, viz: Officers wounded, 5; men wounded, 40; officers killed, 1; men killed,4; total, 50.

EDW. FERRERO.

Lieutenant Colonel N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, Erin's Station, East Tennessee, February 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from the 14th of November to the 6th of December, 1863:

In accordance with instructions received from Major-General Burnside, I moved my command on the morning of the 14th of November from Lenoir's Station (at 11 a.m.) toward Loudon, for the purpose of ascertaining at what point on the Holston River Longstreet's forces were crossing.

On reaching the ruins of the Loudon bridge, I was informed that

