
to the boats, which I reached at 11 p.m., having marched over 40 miles in the afternoon, on my return to the boats.

I found 25 fat hogs at the plantation of Dr. L. L. Taylor, on Deer Creek, that had been purchased by Captain Price, for which he paid $ 1,250, but was arrested before getting them out of the open. I also found a negro man with a large cotton wagon, drawn by six oxen, at this plantation, who had just returned from Catfish Point, having hauled a load of goods to that place for a rebel captain, for the purpose of having them taken across the river into Arkansas that night. I immediately took possession of the team and hogs, and brought them with me to the boats. At the same time sent a messenger to Captain Conner, of the ram Monarch, lying off Greenville, to run up the river as far as Catfish Point to look after the goods and ferry.

On the following day he reported the capture of a large quantity of salt and the destruction of two large ferry flats of sufficient capacity to cross artillery. These flats were entirely new, and were ingeniously hid from view by being sunk in about 4 feet water by means of barrels of sand, and never could have been discovered but for information received from a deserter from Price's army,who gave himself up.

On the 5th, landed the mounted infantry, Major D. S. Tallerday commanding, at Sunny Side, Ark., and directed him to proceed to Lake Village, county seat of Chicot County, where he arrested one Captain Gaines, Company G, Twenty-third Arkansas Infantry, and 5 enlisted men belonging to the same regiment, who were evidently engaged in burning cotton and enforcing the conscription. He also captured some valuable stock and met the fleet at Luna Landing the same night. I left the Monarch and Horner at Greenville to protect navigation.

On the 6th, landed the cavalry, Captain O. F. Brown commanding, at Gaine's Landing, and he proceeded out in the direction of Monticello, Ark., about 15 miles, and thence up the river and met the fleet at Campbell's plantation at 5 p.m., having captured some mules. At 8 o'clock the same night I learned that a party of soldiers were in camp about 5 miles back from the river, waiting for an opportunity to cross over into Mississippi. I immediately sent out a party, in charge of Lieutenant Markle, Company E, First Infantry, and about 10 o'clock they returned with Lieutenant Brailsford (with a rebel mail) and 1 enlisted man belonging to Whitfield's Texas Legion.

On the 7th, landed the mounted infantry, at the same place, with instructions to operate isolated (as companies) and effectually scout the country as far back from the river as possible. The parties returned soon after dark, bringing in several prisoners, among whom was a rebel mail-carrier making his way to the river to cross that night. They also brought in some stock.

On the 8th, landed the cavalry, Captain O. F. Brown commanding, at Glencoe, Miss., and put off the mounted infantry, Major Tallerday commanding, on the Arkansas shore just opposite. The cavalry came in at Bolivar Landing late in the afternoon, having accomplished but little. The infantry, however, continued on up the river to Napoleon, where I met them with the fleet on the following day. The captured many prisoners and a rebel mail-carrier with over 200 pounds of mail, among which were a large quantity of official documents from Richmond, directed to some of the most prominent generals in the Trans-

