
the enemy were laying a pontoon bridge at Huff's Ferry, a distance of 3 1/2 miles from Loudon. I marched in the direction of said ferry, and soon came upon the enemy's pickets. Halting my command and reporting the same to the general commanding, received instructions to support General White's command, who had been assigned to drive in the enemy's pickets, which he did. Following up his command until we were 1 mile from the ferry, I took position on his right, covering the main road leading from the ferry; it now became too dark and stormy for further operations, so I ordered the command to rest for the night on their arms. At 10 a.m. I received an order to report in person to Major-General Burnside's headquarters, where, after a council was held, it was determined to fall back slowly toward Lenoir's Station, so as to draw the enemy over the river and keep him engaged while other important movements were being carried out by the army in Middle Tennessee. In accordance with this plan, on the 15th, left Huff's Ferry at 4 a.m., having the advance. The roads were in a fearful condition, it having rained all night quite heavily. It became almost impossible to move the artillery, although some pieces had 16 horses, yet they were unable to get them up the hills without the assistance of the men. I there-upon detailed a regiment of infantry to each piece,

and by this means reached Lenoir's Station, at 1 p.m., without sustaining any loss. I immediately placed my troops in position to cover the approach of the enemy from the Kingston road, Colonel Morrison's brigade in the advance, extending from the Kingston road on his right to the Loudon road on his left, forming a semicircle; Colonel Humphrey's brigade to the right of the Kingston road, connecting with General White's command; Colonel Christ's brigade and Buckley's battery in reserve; Roemer's battery in position on the right and left of the Kingston road. I had hardly completed the above disposition of my troops when the enemy attacked my line in force, but were repulsed by Colonel Morrison's brigade and Roemer's battery. Remained in this position during the night, the enemy making several attacks on my picket line with the intention of driving them in, but without avail.

I am indebted to Colonel Morrison, commanding First Brigade, for his valuable services, and to his command for their stubborn resistance of the enemy's advance, outnumbering them by thousands.

It having been decided, during the night of the 15th, to retreat and make a stand at Campbell's Station, I was assigned to bring up the rear with my command and destroy all property that could not be transported. A large number of wagons, utensils, ammunition, and baggage belonging to the Twenty-third Corps was destroyed, the mules having been taken to assist in drawing the artillery of the army, the roads being in such condition as to render it necessary to attach from 20 to 24 animals to each piece to enable us to move.

I ordered Colonel Humphrey, commanding Third Brigade, and a section of Roemer's battery, to cover the rear, drawing in our skirmishers, and retiring at daylight in the face of the enemy. On the 16th of November marched toward Campbell's Station, halting from time to time so as to check the enemy's advance while the troops were getting into position for battle at the station. Reached the forks of the Kingston road at 10 a.m., making a junction with Colonel Hartranft's command, when the enemy charged upon our lines and were met with a stubborn resistance and driven back, our forces gaining ground.

