
At this victorious moment received orders from the commanding general to fall back to a position at Campbell's Station, where the troops were formed in line prepared to give the enemy battle, retiring under fire, closely pursued by the enemy.

Colonel Humphrey is entitled to great praise for the able manner in which he covered the retreat, pursued by an overwhelming force, attacking him at every point, his command behaving with great gallantry, checking the enemy, thereby giving our forces time to select and get into position for a general engagement.

Position of my command at Campbell's Station was as follows: Colonel Christ, commanding Second Brigade, on the right of the road; Colonel Humphrey, commanding Third Brigade, on the right of Colonel Christ; Colonel Morrison, commanding First Brigade, supporting commanding the right flank; Captain Roemer's battery the front; the enemy attacking our lines in force with infantry and artillery, but were repulsed at every point.

I have to state that never did troops maneuver so beautifully and with such precision as during the engagement; changing positions several times under a severe fire, it seemed more like a drill for field movements than otherwise; brigades moving forward to relieve each other, others retiring, having exhausted their ammunition; changes of front, passing of defiles, were executed by men and officers, so as to draw forth exclamation of the highest praise by those who were so fortunate as to behold their movements.

Colonel Christ,in command of the Second Brigade, executed movements which with his command on the field which entitles him to the high est encomiums for ability and gallantry as a brigade commander.

The losses up to this time were quite heavy for my command, including the engagement at the forks of the road, but the enemy must have suffered very severely, as they advanced their lines against a murderous fire from our forces, compelling them to fall back, which must have told effectually upon their lines. They did not attempt to advance again, but devoted themselves to shelling our position with their batteries, and endeavoring to flank us with their infantry. At 5 p.m. was ordered to meet the general commanding, and after consultation it was decided to fall to Knoxville. I was assigned the advance, and accordingly withdrew my command from the field and took up the line of march, reaching Knoxville at 12 o'clock the same night.

On the morning of the 17th of November, was assigned the following position for the defense of Knoxville: Right resting on creek to the western edge of town, extending in the form of a semicircle, to the Holston River, a distance of about 1 1/4 miles, including Fort Sanders and College Hill. Made the following distribution of my forces: Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Christ, right resting on creek, connecting with Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, facing to the north; Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel Humphrey, connecting with Second Brigade on the right and extending to the Kingston road on the left; First Brigade, commanded by Colonel Morrison, from Kingston Road to the river. Lieutenant Benjamin's battery (Second U. S. Artillery), one section of Roemer's battery, two sections of Buckley's battery in Fort Sanders, supported by the Seventy-ninth New York Volunteer Infantry; one section of Roemer's battery in position on College Hill; one section of Buckley's battery in position near Powell's house on Colonel Morrison's line. Commenced digging

