
rifle-pits and other fortifications on my line; established advanced pickets and line of skirmishers; worked unceasingly all that day and night.

November 18, our advance, consisting of cavalry, covering the Kingston road and Clinton road, fell back to Knoxville, leaving the skirmishers of my command to the front. At 4 p.m. the enemy advanced on my pickets on the Clinton road, but were repulsed. Continued all that day and night strengthening my position.

November 19, the enemy commenced digging and fortifying their position, from the river (Holston) to the Kingston road, near Mr. Armstrong's dwelling, at the same time moving a portion of their forces to our right. Continued strengthening at points during all day and night.

November 20, the enemy erected several batteries on my northwest front, directly opposite Fort Sanders. The enemy occupying a dwelling on the Kingston road about 1,000 yards from the fort, doing material damage to my line of skirmishers, I determined to obtain possession and destroy the same. I accordingly directed Colonel Humphrey, commanding Third Brigade, to detail a regiment to proceed, under cover of the night, to dislodge the enemy from said house, and to destroy the same by fire.

The Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, under command of

Lieutenant-Colonel Comstock, was selected. They made the sortie at 8 p.m., and successfully accomplished their mission. On returning, the enemy opened a severe artillery fire, with but slight injury to the regiment. A number of buildings in front of the Second Brigade were also destroyed.

November 21, heavy rain-storm all day; nothing of importance occurred, with he exception of the usual picket firing.

November 22, enemy's batteries opened on our right without material damage; worked all day and night strengthening our fortifications.

November 23, nothing of importance occurred, except the usual picket firing; during the night stretched 2 miles of telegraph wire in front of my line, forming and entanglement.

November 24, the enemy having dug rifle-pits within 500 yards of Fort Sanders, received instructions to make a sortie with a regiment, and drive the enemy's sharpshooters from the position.

I ordered Colonel Humphrey, commanding Third Brigade, to detail a regiment for the duty. He accordingly sent the Second Michigan Volunteers.

They gallantly charged the enemy's pits and drove them out, but were compelled to fall back, after having held their newly gained ground for an hour, which resulted in a severe loss of 4 killed, 60 wounded, and 24 missing.

The enemy were discovered on the heights on the opposite side of the river (Holston), their position commanding Fort Sanders. Erected traverses of cotton during the night to protect the gunners.

November 25,26, and 27, nothing of importance occurred; usual amount of skirmishing; repairing damages, and otherwise strengthening our position. At 11.30 o'clock on the night of the 28th the enemy commenced driving in my skirmishers, and by 12.30 had driven them all in from the Kingston road, to the right of my line. An attack evidently was near at hand, owing to the darkness of the night, the position and movements of the enemy could not be seen. I posted vedettes as far as practicable in front of the

rife-pits,

