
and during the balance of the night, at frequent periods, ordered the batteries to throw shells in different directions to do the enemy as much damage and to cause them as much annoyance as lay in my power.

On the morning of the 29th, at daylight, the expected attack took place. The enemy poured out of the woods in front of the northwest salient of the fort, and with will cheers advanced at a run for that salient.

The telegraph wire caused many to fall, but the main body came on, while three guns of Benjamin's battery, one of Roemer's, and one of Buckley's, were pouring in a destructive fire of grape, and the Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers a deadly shower of musketry, upon the advancing column. Forcing their way through the abatis they rushed up to the ditch of the fort, which at that point, being quite deep, caused a momentary hesitation.

In a moment, however, the ditch was filled with the enemy, and the outer slope of the parapet was covered with them, but the musketry fire was so intense and steady that but few dared show their heads. One rebel with a flag endeavored to approach the embrasure, when Serg. Frank Judge, Company D, Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, rushed out of the embrasure under the hottest fire, seized him by the collar, and dragged him, with his flag, into the fort. Having no hand grenades Lieutenant Benjamin ignited some time-fuse shells and threw them with his own hand over the parapet into the ditch among the enemy, causing great destruction among them.

I now ordered five companies of the Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers and two companies of the Twentieth Michigan Volunteers into the fort to assist the Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers.

They obeyed the order with alacrity, and taking the positions assigned them, rendered valuable aid in keeping the enemy out of the fort. Learning that the ditch was full of the enemy, I ordered one company of the Second Michigan Volunteers to advance into the ditch from the right, and one company of the One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers from the left of the fort. This was instantly carried out, and their advance was so determined that those in the ditch at once surrendered, and being ordered into the fort, came pouring in through the embrasures and gave themselves up. Nearly 200 were captured in this manner, together with 2 other flags.

In the meantime, the column of the enemy in front of the fort, being halted by the delay caused by their comrades in the ditch, were discharging an incessant but harmless fire of musketry into the air, till getting confused and demoralized by the terrible fire which was poured into them from the fort, they wavered, then broke, and ran in disorder back to the woods. Those nearest the fort being called on to surrender, came in through the embrasures.

Two hundred and fifty prisoners and 3 flags were captured from the enemy in this attack.

I at once ordered the skirmishers to advance, which they did, and took position on the line which was occupied by their reserves the day before. After this, up to the time the enemy retreated, nothing but the usual skirmish firing took place, and that was not as annoying as usual. In anticipation, however, of another night attack, I ordered balls of wick, soaked in turpentine, and fagots of hard pine,

