
coated with pitch, to be placed at different points on the skirmish line, to be ignited in case an alarm.

On the morning of the 5th of December, at 1 o'clock, I advanced vedettes from the skirmish line, and the pits of the enemy were found empty. When daylight appeared no rebels were to be seen from Fort Sanders.

I cannot speak too highly of the behavior of the officers and men of my command during the past twenty-one days. In that time, all the qualities embodied in the true soldier have been called into action, and nobly have they stood the test.

On a scanty allowance of meat and coarse meal, without any other drink than cold water, they have performed these days and nights of incessant labor and watchfulness without a murmur.

In the officers that have been killed, I have lost brave and valuable soldiers.

Colonel W. H. Smith, Twentieth Michigan Volunteers, was shot through the head and instantly killed, while leading his regiment into the fight at Campbell's Station.

Major Byington, Second Michigan Volunteers, was severely wounded in the leg in the sortie made by that regiment, and led by him, on the morning of November 24. He was left a prisoner in the hands of the enemy, and his leg was amputated by their surgeons. He was exchanged on November 29, but died some days afterward from the effects of the amputation.

Lieutenant-Colonel Comstock, of the Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, after having passed safely through all the previous dangers, was killed while standing in his tent by a stray bullet from the enemy.

Captain Wiltsie, Twentieth Michigan Volunteers; Lieutenant Bilingsley, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers; Lieutenant Noble, Galpin, and Zoellner, Second Michigan Volunteers, and Lieutenant Holmes, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, were all killed while in the performance of their duties.

Quite a number of officers were wounded, but for further details I refer you to reports of brigade and battery commanders inclosed herewith.

Captain George A. Hicks, assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. W. Tyson, assistant inspector-general; Captain George E. Swinscoe, assistant commissary of musters; Captain George B. Fuller, provost-marshal, and Lieutenant H. H. Daniels, aide-de-camp, members of my staff, are entitled to the highest praise for their gallantry and valuable services, rendered cheerfully, attending to their arduous duties whenever called upon.

Surg. E. J. Bonine, acting medical director of this division, was ever untiring in his efforts to administer to the comforts of the wounded and dying.

The total number of killed, wounded, and missing, from November 14 to December 6, was 482, a detailed report of which has already been forwarded.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

