
the front, and after carefully reconnoitering the position became convinced that the enemy had retired. At fifteen minutes past 2 I advanced my vedettes, who reported the enemy's rifle-pits evacuated. I then advanced my whole line of skirmishers, sending out vedettes as far as the Armstrong house. Having reported to General Ferrero the state of things in front, received orders to occupy and hold my first line of rifle-pits, and not to advance farther for the present. At daylight I ascertained that the enemy had entirely evacuated our front. A number of deserters from the enemy have come into our lines, also Major Smith, of General Wheeler's staff taken prisoner by one the Eighth Michigan Volunteers, about 2 miles from the front. This officer had been severely wounded in the leg, and was sent to hospital. I still occupy the same position.

The conduct of the troops of this command was everything I could desire, notwithstanding the heavy fire opened in their rear, which is apt at all times to throw even the utmost coolness and bravery.

I also transmit you a detailed list of casualties to this date.*

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE A. HICKS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 17

Report of Colonel Benjamin C. Christ, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE., FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, Blain's Cross-Roads, Tennessee, January 1, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with circular from division headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command from the time of breaking camp at Lenoir's Station until its arrival at this point:

The brigade left their quarters about noon on Saturday, November 14, and marched to Huff's Ferry, where it arrived after dark.

I was ordered to the front with instructions, if possible, to push to the river. Arriving at the outer picket line of General White's division command of Captain Samuel K. Schwenk, Fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and pushed them at first about 75 to 100 yards in advance of General White's. After forming in line of battle with Third Regiment (holding one in reserve), I sent a heavy support to Captain Schwenk, and ordered him to cautiously advance his line. They did not, however, advance 50 yards before they were challenged by the enemy's picket. Captain S[chwenk] halted his men, sought cover, and maintained that position during the night. The woods were so dark and the enemy so constantly vigilant, that all idea of pushing to the river during the night had to be abandoned.

At 4 a.m. of the 15th, we left our position and marched to Lenoir's Station, where we arrived at 12 m. and remained, keeping the enemy

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement,pp.288 et seq.

---------------

