
Mississippi Department. They also captured and brought in 2 men, Barker and Keefe, cotton card manufactures, with a cotton machine complete, which they had recently bought at Macon and Savannah, Ga., which cost them $ 8,000. They crossed the river but a short time prior to their capture, and were en route to Camden, Ark., where the machine was to be used in making cloth for the army.

On the 9th, learning that the guerrillas had burned the steamer Allen Collier that had landed opposite Laconia, Ark., a day or two previous, I immediately left Napoleon for that place, intending to ferret out the marauding party, landing at the mouth of White River for wood. I found a portion of the Allen Collier's crew that had been arrested and were subsequently released, who informed me the boat was burned by Montgomery's guerrilla band, and knowing that Montgomery and a portion of his company, numbering about 40 or 50 men, lived on Bayou Phalia, in Bolivar County, Miss., and owned plantations, I resolved to return at once with my command to Beulah Landing and break up the party. On the following morning, November 10, I left the boats at 7 o'clock with a small cavalry force and proceeded to the bayou, a distance of some 10 miles, when I arrested one of the party and learned from him that the company was still some distance from there in the canebrakes, and knowing the impossibility of overtaking them I went to Montgomery's plantation, where I found the family of General Charles Clark, C. S. Army, also the family of Montgomery, and after removing the furniture from the house, I set it on fire. I also burned the cotton gin and out-houses; in fact, everything but the way of retaliation. She replied, "This is no more than I expected when I heard what my husband had done." I also obtained the names of some of his company who own plantations in that vicinity and notified them, through the present occupants of the plantations, that if another overt act should be committed by that company I would serve them as I had Montgomery,their captain.

We destroyed several yawls and flat-boats along the road that were being hauled to the river every night in a wagon and used in ferrying, then taken back in the woods, and came to their former hiding place before daylight in the morning.

We also arrested and brought in several prisoners, among whom were three citizens, mail-carriers, with each a small package of mail destined for Arkansas. We reached Bolivar Landing, Miss., about dark, where we met the fleet, having marched about 35 miles.

I also have the honor to inform you that large quantities of corn in cribs, of last year's growth, and hundreds of acres grown this year, and now standing in the field, can be procured within 5 miles of the river and in some places immediately on its banks. I also learn that parties with trading boats along the river are dealing in cotton and furnishing the citizens with supplies and other necessities.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. CURRIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brig. General ALFRED W. ELLET,

Commanding Marine Brigade.

