
Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded	 Missing	 Aggregate

27th Michigan Volunteers	 4	 20	 30	 54

50th Pennsylvania Volunteers	 4	 9	 2	 15

29th Massachusetts	 4	 4	 1	 9

Volunteers

46th New York Volunteers	 2	 4	 5	 11

Total	 14	 37	 38	 89

Captain Edward S. Leadbeater, Company G, Twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, was the only officer wounded in the brigade.

No. 18.

Reports of Colonel William Humphrey, Second Michigan Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, Near Fort Sanders, November 30, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with instructions from division headquarters, I have the honor of transmitting the following report of the condition of my front.

My pickets connect on the right with those of the brigade and on the left with those of the First Brigade, covering the front of the Third Brigade. The men are covered by light picket pits. In front of the western salient of Fort Sanders these pits are within about 50 yards of those occupied by the enemy's pickets. From this point to both the right and left the lines diverge,till to the right of the line they are 150 yards apart and to the left 200 yards apart.

During the past night an unusual quiet prevailed along the whole line, scarcely a shot being exchanged, and no move was observed on the part of the enemy beyond their line of pickets.

In regard to advancing the picket lint to its old position, I am somewhat in doubt as to what would be best. To do it would probably require a considerable force, well supported and while a line more advanced is desirable, the old one was very much exposed to the enemy's whole line, and could received no ready support from our own line, and the enemy could approach very near to it entirely under cover and unobserved. This applies to that part of the old line to the left of the point where the railroad enters the wood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. HUMPHREY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE A. HICKS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, Near Knoxville, Tennessee, December 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of my command from the morning of November 14 to the morning of December 5:

November 14.- On the morning of November 14, I received orders from division headquarters to have my command ready to move from

