
in camp near Lenoir's at an early hour. The wagons were to be loaded and formed in train on the road and headed toward Knoxville, the train being under charge of Captain Curtin. The order was promptly complied with, and at daylight the brigade was ready to move.

At 9 a.m. I received orders to send one regiment to report to Captain Curtin, as a guard for the train. I sent the One hundredth Pennsylvania, Lieutenant-Colonel Dawson commanding.

At 12 m. I received orders to move the brigade on the road toward Loudon, following Roemer's battery. In this order we marched to Huff's Ferry, 5 miles below Loudon, where we bivouacked for the night.

November 15.- At 4 a.m. the 15th, I was ordered to follow in the rear of Roemer's battery back on the road toward Lenoir's Station. We reached the station about 12 m., and halted between the railroad and river, awaiting orders.

At 2 p.m., by order from division headquarters, I sent the Twentieth Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Smith commanding, back on the Loudon road to where the Kingston telegraph road leaves it toward the right, with instructions to remain in that position until the Second Division should pass through to the rear, then to report back to the brigade. Colonel Smith reported to me with his regiment at sunset, and was ordered at once to take position on the left of the First Brigade, connecting on the right with the Eighth Michigan and his left resting on the railroad. Here the Twentieth Michigan remained until the line was withdrawn on the morning of the 16th.

At 4 p.m. (November 15) I was ordered to move the two remaining regiments of my command to the crest of the hill in front of Lenoir's, on the Kingston road, to form in line on the right of the road, to throw out skirmishers to cover my front, and extend them to the right so as to connect at Lenoir's Dam with the skirmishers of General White's division,of the Twenty-third Corps. This disposition was made, and in this position I remained until 2 a.m. of the 16th, when I was ordered to withdraw my line, march back to the railroad, and halt.

November 16, at 4 a.m., General Ferrero notified me that my command would form the rear guard of the army in the march of the day toward Knoxville, and one section of Roemer's battery was ordered to report to me for duty on the march. At daylight, the column to report to me for duty on the march. At daylight, the column having passed by far enough, I took up the line of march, moving leisurely along, halting and forming occasionally to allow the trains to get forward out of the way. The enemy did not get up with my rear-the Seventeenth Michigan, Lieutenant-Colonel Comstock commanding-until the brigade nearly crossed--Creek, when a sharp fire was suddenly opened on the Seventeenth, on both the rear and flank. The fire was promptly returned and the enemy checked until the rest of the command could be formed in line, when Colonel Comstock was ordered to withdraw and pass through to the rear of the line, and form on the left of the Twentieth Michigan, in order to check the enemy in his attempt to turn my left. As soon as he was in the position designated, I commenced moving my line to the rear, halting at every few road, facing about, and checking the enemy, who was now crowding on in strong force. Moving in this manner, I had succeeded in falling back to the rear of the woods beyond the large open field in front of Campbell's Station. Here I

