
the woods, our skirmishers exchanging shots with the enemy, who followed closely our retreating line. But pressing too closely, the line halted, delivered a few volleys, then slowly retreated. Alternately halting and retreating, we arrived at length at an open field, on the edge of which the line halted and opened a hot fire upon the enemy, who was not slow to return the compliment. Up to this time our loss was about 10 killed, wounded, and missing, 1 officer, Captain Farrand, being among the wounded.

Falling back from this line toward Campbell's Station, the regiment forward in line in the open field, the Twentieth Michigan on our left. Here I threw out one company to skirmish between our right flank and the woods on our right. This company was relieved by skirmishers from Twenty-third Michigan. The enemy endeavoring to flank us by throwing troops from the woods against our right flank, was handsomely met and foiled in his attempt. It was while holding this line that the regiment lost the heaviest. The enemy having the cover of the woods, picked off our men who were exposed in the open fields. We were relieved at length by troops of the Second Brigade and fell back to a hollow, a short distance in rear of the line just spoken of. Toward evening we left this hollow, fell back about a quarter of a mile and again formed in line on the right of the road, facing the station, the Seventeenth Michigan on our right, the Twentieth Michigan on our left in support of artillery which was posted on high ground in front of us. Here we remained until dusk, when we moved off by the right flank on the Knoxville road, arriving at Knoxville about 4 o'clock in the morning of the 17th.

My losses in the engagement of the 16th were 3 killed, 27 wounded (1 officer and 26 enlisted men, 1 enlisted man having since died), and 2 missing, making a total of 32. I took into the engagement 13 officers and 201 muskets. Both officers and men behaved with their usual gallantry, and when all behaved more than well I cannot mention one without doing manifest injustice to his companions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CORNELIUS BYINGTON,

Major, Commanding Second Michigan Infantry.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Third Brigade.

No. 20.

Report of Captain John V. Ruehle, Second Michigan Infantry.

HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT MICHIGAN VOL. INFANTRY, In Rifle-pits, at Knoxville, Tennessee, November 24, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders, this regiment, except those on picket, was taken out the rifle-pits at 7 o'clock this morning by Major Byington, and made a charge on the enemy's intrenched pickets.

After the regiment had reached the line of our own pickets, it was ordered to charge on a double-quick, and, moving to the left oblique, reached and cleared the enemy's pickets intrenched, that is, opposite the right of Benjamin's battery. The regiment was then ordered

