
to halt, and under cover of the rebel pit, held it from the enemy for nearly a half hour, the regiment during this time subject to heavy musketry from their and left, and from rebel sharpshooters on their right flank.

It was here that the adjutant was instantly killed, Lieutenant Galpin mortally wounded, and soon followed the report that the major was wounded. After he was wounded he gave the order to fall back, though he himself was not to be got off the field.

I, being next in rank,took command. The shortest way to the railroad was taken, and on reaching the reserve of our pickets, the regiment was halted and I ordered Captain Moores to report at brigade headquarters for further orders; whereupon the regiment was ordered to their rifle-pits, having been gone about two hours. The officers and men behaved as well as they always did. Men commenced falling from the time we left our own picket line until we got back to the railroad. Captain Stevenson, with 24 men, 10 of whom besides the captain, wounded, were disconnected from the regiment, and were obliged to remain with our pickets until dark, when they could with safety rejoin the regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN V. RUEHLE,

Captain, Comdg. Second Regiment Michigan Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant B. H. BERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 21.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Loring L. Comstock, Seventeenth Michigan Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH REGIMENTS MICHIGAN INFANTRY, Knoxville, Tennessee, November 21, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to make the following report of my command from the 14th to the 17th of this month:

On the morning of the 14th instant, we received orders at 7 o'clock to pack all baggage and be ready to move at a moment's notice, leaving nothing behind. At 12 m. the assembly sounded, and we moved off toward Loudon, following the Second Michigan till near 7 or 8 p.m., and halted in the woods, resting in line of battle in front of the enemy.

Between 3 and 4 o'clock the next morning, the 15th instant, we marched quietly back, left in front, toward Lenoir's, where arrived near 12 m. Here we stacked arms and the men made coffee. Moved again between 3 and 4 p.m., and took position with the brigade back of the village, on the Kingston road, threw out skirmishers, and lay in line of battle till near daylight, when we fell back to the railroad, stacked arms, and rested while the troops passed to the rear guard and cover the retreat toward Knoxville. Three companies, under Captains Tyler and Phillips, and Lieutenant Billingsley, were thrown out as skirmishers, under the general supervision of Captain F. W. Swift (acting major).

