
We were overtaken and attacked by the enemy at 9.30 a.m.

at---Creek, near Campbell's Station. Colonel W. Humphrey, commanding brigade, sent me orders to hold the enemy at all hazards until the brigade could find a better position and form line. The enemy crowded upon us in overwhelming numbers, and here was the most trying part of the day. The men fought well and held their ground until flanked upon both right and left. We then fell back in line of battle to the open field in front of the brigade, where Colonel Humphrey ordered us to the rear. We had marched but a few roads when we received orders to form on the left of the Twentieth Michigan and extended skirmishers farther to the left to prevent being flanked. The enemy pressed boldly forward, and the whole brigade was soon as hotly engaged. Still they crowded us, but we fought them determinedly. They were flanking us on both right and left, our skirmishers were falling back in much confusion before their strong lines, and everything looked gloomy; but Colonel Humphrey came to us just in time, and ordered me to charge and drive the enemy back out of the woods. The men sprang, forward with cheer after cheer, and, the Twentieth coming gallantly to our aid, we drove them back out of the woods and over the field in

double-quick.

Colonel Humphrey at once ordered us to march in retreat, and under cover of the shock given by the charge we marched slowly and in good order to the large brick house in the open field. Here we filed in by the flank and crossed to the right of the road. The enemy soon came down upon us from the woods and high weeds in front. Colonel Humphrey commanded "Fire by file," and after one round he ordered us to the right of the brigade. Here we found the enemy coming out of the woods again, but one well-aimed volley sent them reeling back under cover. Here we lay in line until the brigade was relieved by colonel commanding Second Brigade, when we fell back to the creek, stacked arms, and rested until 3.30 p.m., when we marched back to the rear of the batteries, stacked arms, and rested till dark. We then fell in and marched toward Knoxville, reaching it on the morning of the 17th instant near 4 o'clock.

I cannot speak in too high terms of all the officers and men of my regiment, but will mention some who are especially deserving of notice. I am greatly indebted to Captain F. W. Swift (acting major), Captain John Tyler, and Adjt. R. A. Watts, for their brave, gallant, and efficient conduct during the entire day. Captain Tyler, after being severely wounded, used every effort to inspire courage and steadiness the men until, faint and exhausted, he was borne from the field. Among the bravest of the men were Color Sergt. Joseph E. Brandle, who being wounded severely, a ball entering his head, passing through the right eye, still held to the colors until ordered to the rear by myself; and Charles Thompson, carrier of the State colors, was equally gallant, and called upon the men to stand firmly by the standard he bore; also Corpl. A. P. Curtis, who took the colors from the sergeant and bore them gallantly through the remainder of the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. L. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant B. H. BERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

