
OCTOBER 26, 1863.-Skirmish at Vincent's Cross-Roads, near Bay Springs, Miss.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Report of Captain John W. Barnes, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

No. 2.-Report of Brig. General Samuel W. Ferguson, C. S. Army.

No. 1.

Report of Captain John W. Barnes, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CORINTH, MISS., October 27, 1863.

Spencer yesterday, at 2 p.m., was attacked some 40 miles southeast of Glendale, in the direction of Jones' Cross-Roads. The messenger reports the rebel force, supposed to be Hanner's [?] and others, at 2,000 strong. Spencer had about 500.* He is said to be getting the worst of the fight. Shall I send the cavalry at Corinth to his aid?

Respectfully,

JOHN W. BARNES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 2.

Report of Brig. General Samuel W. Ferguson, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,Near Courtland, Ala., October 31, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to verbal orders from yourself, I left camp at Cane Creek shortly after dark on the evening of the 25th instant with two regiments of my brigade (the Second Tennessee, Lieutenant-Colonel Morton, and the Second Alabama, Colonel Earl), for the purpose of intercepting a raiding party of the enemy reported to be on their return from Walker County, Ala. Traveled all night, and at sunrise next morning halted and fed my horses at a ford of Bear Creek, about 2 miles above Mann's Mills. After a delay of two hours for this purpose, I pushed the command across Bear Creek and on the Fulton and Iuka road. Here, as there was no sign of the enemy's having passed, I turned toward Fulton, and after reaching the intersection of this road with that to Bay Springs, I sent one squadron in the latter direction for the purpose of holding the enemy in check, should they move toward that point, and preventing their escape. With the remainder of my force (about 300 effective men) I moved toward the Bull Mountain country.

After pursuing this road about 3 miles I received the first positive information of the position of the enemy from a scout I had sent out, who reported them advancing on the same road. I immediately sent to recall the squadron previously ordered to Bay Springs,

---------------

*First Alabama Cavalry (Union).

---------------

