
of this command from the time it left Lenoir's Station till it came within these fortifications:

On Saturday, November 14, we broke camp at Lenoir's at daylight, and about noon, in common with the remainder of the division, took up a line of march to Huff's Ferry, where we arrived at about dark the same night, a distance of about 10 miles. That night we slept upon our arms, and the men suffered considerably from the cold and rain.

Before daylight the next morning the regiment was again upon the road, and arrived again at Lenoir's at about noon, after a very tiresome march, on account of the bad condition of the road from the recent rains.

At about 2 p.m. this regiment was ordered to return about 3 miles upon the Loudon road to the point where the Telegraph road turns off toward Kingston, and hold the forks of the roads until the Second Division should have passed us and then fall back covering them.

The regiment had nearly reached the forks of the road when it was overtaken by an aide from Brigadier-General Potter,commanding Ninth Army Corps, who ordered it back to the point where the railroad and highway separate, 1 mile from Lenoir's, where we took up a position on a slight eminence and formed in line of battle across the highway and railroad.

The command remained here until the Second Division had passed and the stragglers had ceased to come in, when we moved to the front and took a position in line with the remainder of the brigade on the Kingston road. We had scarcely stacked arms when we were ordered again to the Loudon road to protect the left flank. By direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, the commanding, I deployed four companies as skirmishers, their right connecting with the Eighth Michigan Infantry on the crest of the hill and their left resting upon the railroad about three-fourths of a mile from the station. The remaining six companies were held in reserve, and all lay upon their arms without sleeping or taking off their knapsacks.

Between the hours of 3 and 4 a.m. Monday, November 16, the regiment was ordered in, and after assembling the skirmishers it rejoined the brigade near the station, where it lay until daylight. Meanwhile Company C was to assist in destroying the trains of the Twenty-third Army Corps. It may be proper here to state that most of the baggage of the officers of the regiment was destroyed. By whose order I am not aware.

The Third Brigade being the rear guard, the position of the regiment was next to the rear. We had scarcely left the station when skirmishing commenced, and the enemy followed us closely, keeping most of the time in sight. No actual collision occurred until we reached a point about a mile from the junction of the Kingston with the Loudon road. Here a stand was made, the Twentieth being in line upon a hill to the left of the road, supporting a piece of artillery. Company B, Captain C. T. Allen, which company had hitherto been acting as flankers, was now deployed as skirmishers to the right of the road in the woods. After a brief stand at this point the regiment was ordered back, and moved back by the left flank and again took position to the left of the road on a high hill, the Second Michigan Infantry being on the right of the road, supporting a piece of artillery. At this point Company B retook its place in line, and Company D, Captain C. B. Grant, was ordered to the front as skirmishers,

