
to cover the retreat of the Seventeenth Michigan Infantry, now falling back after a heavy skirmish.

When the Seventeenth Michigan Infantry had passed around our left flank and regained the road the regiment again fell back gradually, the skirmishers covering the movement, until it gained the edge of a piece of woods and formed, its right resting on the road and its left supported by the Seventeenth Michigan Infantry, which by this time had reformed on our left. The enemy advanced rapidly and attempted to outflank our left. The line had scarcely been formed when the regiment met its greatest loss in the death of

Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, commanding. He fell pierced through the brain by a bullet, and expired instantly, without a word or a groan, while bravely encouraging the men and setting them an example of coolnes and intrepidity. I cannot forbear here to testify to his efficiency as an officer, his faithfulness and courage as a soldier, and his worth as a man.

On the fall of Lieutenant-Colonel Smith the undersigned immediately assumed command. Notwithstanding the shock produced by the fall of their leader the regiment did not waver for a moment, but seemed to rally with vigor and increased steadiness. The men were falling fast, when the regiment was again ordered back. We now fell back to near the junction of the Kingston and Loudon road, when the Seventeenth Michigan Infantry, being ordered to charge and drive back the enemy's skirmishers, the three left companies of the Twentieth, supposing the order to be general, charged with them, and did good service. We now fell back from the woods through a wide, open field, receiving a volley from the rebel lines at long range.

We next took position on the right of the road, a short distance in front of the village of Campbell's Station, and Company D retook its place in line, and a detail of 2 from each company, under Lieutenant Blood, Company D, was made to relieve them. Here we remained exposed to a galling flank fire until about 2 p.m., when we were relieved by the Second Brigade, after being constantly under fire for four hours.

After lying in reserve until near night we took a new position in rear of Campbell's Station, and at dark took up a line of march to this place, which we reached at about 5 a.m. on the morning of the 17th, exceedingly worn-out, weary, and yet ready for the labors before us, having marched 24 miles and been under fire eight hours out of the twenty-four.

Of the conduct and fate of Lieutenant-Colonel Smith I have already spoken, and it is only needful to say that every officer and man, so far as I observed, did his whole duty. The company commanders report that the conduct of their men was so uniformly good that they cannot specify instances. I will only speak of Captain G. C. Barnes, who assisted me in command of the regiment, who was at all times prompt and efficient, and Captain Grant and Lieutenant Blood, who commanded the skirmishers, who exposed themselves freely and handled their men well.

I append hereto a list* of casualties, and may add that since our arrival in the fortifications we have lost 1 officer and 1 man wounded-Captain F. Porter, Company E, and Private W. Filkins, Company B.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 2 men killed; 1 officer and 29 men wounded, and 4 men missing.

---------------

