
Notwithstanding the hardships endured, the spirits and health of the men are good, and they are still ready to undergo whatever may be necessary to secure the success of our arms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BYRON M. CUTCHEON,

Major, Commanding Twentieth Michigan Infantry.

Lieutenant B. H. BERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH MICHIGAN INFANTRY, Fort Sanders, Knoxville, East. Tennessee, December 2, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with circular of this date from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to forward the following report of the part taken in the action of the night of the 28th and morning of the 29th ultimo by my command:

At the time of the first attack, Lieutenant C. S. Wortley, Company K, of this regiment, was on picket with 35 men and 5 non-commissioned officers in front of the southwest salient of the fort. When the attack was first made the men discharged their pieces, but were overpowered by numbers and obliged to fall back upon the reserve which in turn also was forced back. About half a dozen men came back to the regiment, of whom 3 were slightly wounded; all but 1 I sent back to their posts. When the picket line was re-established Lieutenant Wortley succeeded in collecting 27 of his men, and established them upon the new line. Among the missing was a large proportion of non-commissioned officers. Immediately after the attack in front of the fort one was also made on that part of the line in front of this regiment, which lies on the farther side of the railroad. Though nothing be seen, the command "Forward to the railroad" was distinctly heard from the rebel officers. Our men stood their ground but a short time, and fell back across the railroad. Immediately the firing ceased, I ordered several men at different points along the line to make their way carefully to the railroad and report the condition of affairs. They soon returned, and reported that they had been to the railroad; that there was no enemy this side, but that there seemed to be about a regiment on the other side, intrenching along the bank of the railroad. This I reported to the colonel commanding the brigade, who directed me to throw forward vedettes to the railroad, with picks and spades, and there intrench themselves.

Accordingly, I detailed 20 men, under charge of Lieutenant Lounsberry, Company I, who deployed his men in front of the works and moved forward to the railroad. Within 3 rods of the latter they were met by a heavy volley from a line of skirmishers which had crossed the railroad. Lieutenant Lounsberry with his men returned the fire, and fell back a few rods to the brow of the hill, with the loss of 1 man severely wounded, and 1 missing, supposed to be wounded and captured. Lieutenant Lounsberry then intrenched himself on the brow of the hill, which position he held the remainder of the night, and during the fight of the morning.

At the time the pickets were driven in from beyond the railroad on piece of the Second New York Artillery was taken from the third redoubt and fired several times over the heads of the men in

