
the rifle-pits. One of the shells exploded at the muzzle of the gun, instantly killing Corporal Height, of Company H, and wounding (probably mortally) Private Van Atter, Company K. We were also annoyed by shells from the enemy's battery on the south side of the river. One of these struck in the rifle-pits, killing 1 man and wounding another. Immediately after the first attack, by orders from brigade headquarters, Company C was sent into the fort and took position in the salient near General Ferrero's headquarters. There they remained, doing excellent service during the subsequent engagement. When the final attack was made at daylight, a part of the pickets, under Lieutenant Wortley, also took position in the fort, and fought bravely. In consequence of the lay of the ground it was impossible for any of our line to the right of the first redoubt to see the enemy, but Companies A and D, on the left, occupying the right wing of the fort, had and excellent position, commanding the whole of the west face of the fort. They kept up a rapid and effectual fire throughout the fight, firing nearly 40 rounds to the man.

Being myself at the center of the regiment, I did not witness the conduct of the men, but it is reported by the officers in charge to have been excellent; every man stood to his post and behaved with the utmost activity and gallantry. I append hereto a list of our losses.

* * * *

Recapitulation: Killed,2; wounded,8; missing,13. Total,23.

It may be proper for me here to state that Captain W. D. Wiltsie and Private Sevy, Company E, wounded in the pits on the 24th and 25th ultimo, died of their wounds on the 28th.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

BYRON M. CUTCHEON,

Major, Commanding Twentieth Michigan Infantry.

Lieutenant B. H. BERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 23.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Mathew M. Dawson, One hundredth Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. ONE HUNDREDTH PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, Near Knoxville, Tennessee, November 21, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of the One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, from the 14th to the 21st of November, 1863:

Upon the breaking up of camp at Lenoir's Station, Tennessee, the regiment was detailed as guard for the trains of the First Division, Ninth Army Corps. Subsequently a detail to load forage was called for, and Companies A, F, and D, under command of Captain Thomas J. Hamilton, were detailed for that purpose. The remaining seven companies soon after moved with the train and arrived with it at Knoxville, Tennessee, on the 16th November. The companies which had been detailed at Lenoir's remained at that place until 3 o'clock of the 16th November, when Captain Hamilton, having understood that he had been relieved, marched, via Concord and Campbell's Station, to rejoin the regiment,and at the latter place was halted by an aide of General Burnside, and upon reporting to Captain George A.

