
Hicks, assistant adjutant-general, First Division, Ninth Army Corps, was assigned to duty with the Second Brigade of that division, Colonel B. C. Christ commanding. He participated in the operations of that brigade until the arrival of the Third Brigade, First Division, when he reported to Colonel Humphrey, its commander, and was under his command during the greater part of the action at Campbell's Station, Tennessee On the arrival of the brigade at Knoxville, Tennessee, the regiment reported to Colonel Humphrey for duty.

I have the honor,lieutenant, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. DAWSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant B. H. BERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 24.

Report of Colonel John F. Hartranft, Fifty-first Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tennessee, November 24, 1863.

COLONEL: I have to report that at about 9 p.m. on the 23rd instant, the enemy advanced in force sufficient to compel the skirmishers on our front, at the intersection of their line with the Clinton road, to fall back. The enemy immediately occupied this point, and during the night constructed rifle-pits for the defense of their skirmishers.

On the morning of the 24th, at 7 o'clock, in obedience to the orders of the commanding general, I sent a force, consisting of the Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers and Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, about 400 men, the whole under command of

Lieutenant-Colonel, with instructions to form in rear of the line of skirmishers (as existing at that time, forming almost a right angle with the original line), and to advance quietly and rapidly upon the enemy. They did so, and re-established the old line without much resistance.

The officers and men engaged behaved gallantly, taking 6 prisoners.

The following is a list of the casualties: Killed, 5 enlisted men; wounded, 2 officers and 11 enlisted men; missing, 4 enlisted men.

Total,22.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. F. HARTRANFT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 25.

Reports of Brig. Gen. Mahlon D. Manson, U. S. Army, commanding

Twenty-third Army Corps.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, 13 Miles from Knoxville and 4 Miles from Blain's Cross-Roads, December 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I did not overtake the command last night until it had arrived, with the Ninth Army Corps, at Flat Creek, near this place.

