
I found General White here with his division. General Hascall, from some unknown cause, left the advancing column at the forks of the roads leading to Rutledge and Strawberry Plains, 4 miles this side of Knoxville, and took the right-hand road to Armstrong's Ferry, where, with his division, the crossed the river. He also took with him the supply train of my entire command, which had been directed to follow in his rear. I have ordered him to recross the river at Strawberry Plains.

I know nothing of the enemy. General Shackelford is about 2 miles in my front.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MAHLON D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Near Chesterfield, December 8, 1863-2.15 p.m.

COLONEL: General Hascall was this morning at Strawberry Plains. He notified me that he would cross the men on the railroad bridge and the wagons and artillery some little distance below. I learn from a contraband that the rebel force encamped last night at Powder Spring Gap, which is 12 miles beyond this. The infantry had all passed a day or two ago. General Shackelford moved early this morning. General Potter moved at 12 m. to Blain's Cross-Roads. Inclosed please find dispatch from General Shackelford. Hascall will certainly join me some time this afternoon.

Respectfully, yours.

MAHLON D. MANSON,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

BLAIN'S CROSS-ROADS, December 8, 1863.

General MANSON,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: I learn from a reliable citizen that General Armstrong left this place at 11.30 o'clock on yesterday, and last night, with the infantry, was to encamp at the Powder Spring Gap road, 7 miles from here. The citizen heard General Armstrong direct a colonel to encamp his men on the river road about 4 miles to the right o this place.

Respectfully,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-One regiment of the enemy's cavalry camped here last night. The citizen says the infantry left at 1 o'clock on Sunday. We are now 2 miles above the cross-roads.

