HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Haines' House, near Brice's Mill, December 8, 1863-5 p.m.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that General Hascall's division has arrived and gone into camp at this place, and that my whole command is in readiness to move at a moment's notice. I shall, in accordance with instructions, await orders from the major-general commanding.

The Ninth Corps moved forward at 12 or 1 o'clock to-day, and will probably encamp to-night 8 or 10 miles from here, if their orders are to proceed that far and they met with no opposition. General Shackelford, joined this afternoon by the forces of Colonel Foster from above. My troops are in good condition for marching, and forage for the animals is abundant. General Shackelford arrived at Powder Spring Gap at 11.30 a.m. to-day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,MAHLON D. MANSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Asst. Adjt. Gen.

P. S.-The railroad bridge at Strawberry Plains, which was partially burned by the rebels, can be repaired in three days by a regiment of men.

Since writing the above have received the inclosed dispatch from General Shackelford.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Suburbs Rutledge,[December 8, 1863]-1.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General MANSON,

Commanding Twenty-third Army Corps:

GENERAL: We have just reached here. Captured 15 prisoners in the edge of the town. The enemy's cavalry are in line of battle, in plain view, in the other and of the town. Of the truth of this there can be no question, as I learn from both prisoners and citizens. McLaws' headquarters were at the house I occupy, and he left here at 7 a.m. They left this point with the expectation of reaching Bean's Station to-night. I am waiting for my corps to get up before I make any further move.

General Ransom's command also left here this morning.

Respectfully,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

No. 26.

Report of Brig. Gen. Julius White, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, November 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of a part of this command from the 13th to the 17th instant:

On the evening of the 13th, the Second Brigade, together with Companies

