
F and G, of the Eleventh Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, were encamped on the north side of the Tennessee River, opposite Loudon, picketing the line from Blair's Ford to Huff's Ferry, about 6 miles below Loudon, by the route on the north side of the river.

The First Brigade, under Colonel Mott, of the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio, had been marched to and stationed at Kingston some days previously, by order of Major-General Burnside, commanding the Army of the Ohio. At about 7 o'clock on the evening of the 13th it was reported that the enemy at Loudon exhibited unusual signs of activity, and soon afterward the picket at Huff's Ferry reported that the enemy had crossed in boats at that point in sufficient force to compel their retirement to avoid capture, and that a bridge was in process of construction by the enemy.

The available men of the mounted infantry were at once dispatched, under Captain Henry Curtis, jr., assistant adjutant-general of the division, with orders to ascertain the truth of the report. He soon confirmed the previous statements adding that a considerable force had already crossed the river.

Colonel Chapin, commanding the brigade, was then directed to send a regiment (the Twenty-third Michigan Infantry) and a section of Henshaw's battery to oppose the crossing of the enemy and the construction of the bridge. This was about 11 p.m.

Shortly afterward I received an order by telegraph from

Major-General Burnside to prepare my command to march toward Lenoir's Station at a moment's notice, and thereupon countermanded the order to the detachment moving toward Huff's Ferry, and directed Captain Curtis to remain at the position held by him as long as possible, observing the enemy's movements, and to cover the withdrawal of the brigade, if ordered to march.

The exceeding darkness of the night prevented Captain Curtis from obtaining a view of the brigade, and the presence of a heavier force of the enemy prevented him from a close approach. He nevertheless maintained his position, sending frequent reports, all confirmatory of the previous statements.

Just before daylight I received an order from Major-General Burnside, directing the command to be marched to Lenoir's Station at once. General Burnside arrived at that point soon after my arrival, and subsequently directed the march of the command back to the vicinity of Huff's Ferry, supported by a division of the Ninth Army Corps, under Brigadier-General Ferrero.

On arriving at the meeting-house, about 3 miles from the ferry, the enemy's pickets were encountered and driven in. Colonel Chapin was directed to deploy two regiments, supported by a third, and move forward on the enemy.

The Thirteenth Kentucky and One hundred and seventh Illinois Infantry were advanced, supported by the One hundred and eleventh Ohio, and moved briskly forward, driving the enemy from the woods in our immediate front. The nature of the ground over which the enemy retreated wholly precluded the use of artillery, and it was therefore placed in position near the road, supported by the Twenty-third Michigan Infantry.

The enemy made repeated attempts to withstand the rapid advance of Colonel Chapin's command, but were as often routed and driven back. Their final stand was made about sunset, when they took position on the crest of a wooded hill, in rear of an open field, which fronted the right of their line. From this position they opened a

