
sever fire, aided by their artillery, situated on the opposite side of the river.

It became necessary, in order to dislodge the enemy, to charge across this field or move by the flank around it. The latter movement would relinquish the protection which the river afforded to my left flank, and greatly prolong the time the men would be under a fire, to which they could not respond.

The charge in line was therefore ordered. With a hearty cheer the men crossed the field at double-quick step in the face of a galling fire, dislodged the enemy, and drove him in disorder from the field.

The Thirteenth Kentucky was most exposed, and consequently suffered heavily in this gallant charge, the enemy's fire being chiefly directed upon that regiment.

Night fell at this time, and the density of the woods and extreme darkness of the night preventing farther pursuit of the enemy, the command was halted on the hill from which he had been driven. The fighting had been almost continuous for 2 miles. Prisoners were taken from different regiments of Longstreet's corps, from whom it was ascertained that the enemy's strength was equal if not superior to ours,which was engaged.

The loss of the enemy was unknown, as night prevented an examination of the field. It was known to be considerable, however.

At daylight on the morning of the 15th the command was ordered to move back to Lenoir's, covering the rear of General Ferrero's division. The One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry, with a section of Henshaw's battery, was detailed as rear guard, and were detained by a very heavy hill, where it became necessary to double the teams and move all the guns and caissons of the artillery one at a time to the summit. All had been so moved up except one caisson, when the enemy, who had approached covertly, attacked in heavy force. Colonel Chapin immediately prepared the One hundred and eleventh Ohio to received him, and soon repulsed the attack; but the numbers of the enemy increasing rapidly, his threatening movements on both flanks compelled the abandonment of the caisson at the foot of the hill. The One hundred and eleventh Ohio, with the artillery, was in position on the summit where the progress of the enemy was checked. Meanwhile, the Thirteenth Kentucky Infantry and One hundred and seventh Illinois Infantry had been faced about and moved back to the support of the One hundred and eleventh Ohio, but the manifest disadvantage of the ground did not warrant a general engagement for the recovered of the caisson, and which, if successful, would have been at great loss of life.

The command then moved forward to a point opposite Loudon, where the duty of rear guard was assigned to Colonel Sigfried's division, of the Ninth Army Corps. The march was continued to Lenoir's Station, where we bivouacked in line for the night.

On the morning of the 16th, in obedience to Field Orders, No. 81, from headquarters Army of the Ohio, a copy of which is herewith submitted, all the wagons of the division, brigade, and ammunition train, together with the camp furniture and equipage of the command and the officer's baggage, was destroyed, in order that the draught animals might be used in moving the artillery of both corps, the state of the roads rendering it impossible to move it otherwise. The march was then continued toward Knoxville.

The picket line was ordered to remain in position until the withdrawal of the Ninth Corps, and the officer of the day, Major Brooks,

