
of the One hundred and seventh Illinois Infantry, was directed to report to Brigadier-General Ferrero for orders in the matter. Company B, of the One hundred and eleventh Ohio, which, under command of Lieutenant Norris, had been detailed and posted at a point outside the line during the night, was, by some error, not notified of the withdrawal of the line, and were captured by the enemy. This loss will be made the subject of investigation by a competent tribunal and a further report made thereon.

Arriving in the vicinity of Campbell's Station, where the junction of the Loudon and Kingston roads to Knoxville occurs, I was directed to place my command in position at a point beyond the junction by Major-General Burnside.

The Second Brigade was accordingly ordered into line of battle, its left and center resting on the Knoxville road at a point where it was somewhat elevated above the country around. Henshaw's and the Twenty-first Indiana Batteries being placed in position at this point, and the right wing, consisting of the Thirteenth Kentucky and Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, advanced about 200 yards, were deployed to the right of the road and skirmishers thrown to the front of the entire line.

The Ninth Corps, which had ben skirmishing with the enemy on and between the Loudon and Kingston roads, now formed in rear of our line, and advanced a brigade to a position on our right and two regiments on our left flank. The enemy advanced in three lines; his advance, being mostly clothed in United States uniform, deceived us until he had approached within easy musket range, when Colonel Chapin was directed to open fire. The artillery and the right wing were soon engaged. The enemy was soon compelled to seek the cover of a ravine in front and of the woods on either flank. A second attempt to drive our men from this position failed. Subsequently the enemy opened an artillery fire from several batteries of guns of heavier and longer range than those of the Second Brigade, when, finding that our ammunition, had been expended, with the exception of a few rounds, and that the batteries were suffering from a fire to which they could not respond, they directed to take position in rear of the heavier batteries of the Ninth Army Corps and await orders. The infantry held its position until ordered to cover the withdrawal of the Ninth Corps from the field to a new position about 1 mile to the rear, where the Second Brigade was ordered to form on the left of the line.

This movement was executed in the most perfect order. The Ninth Corps moved off the field at the ordinary quickstep, with its columns well closed up and its front handsomely aligned.

Colonel Chapin's lines were formed, skirmishers deployed and moved forward, with each line in its proper position, frequently halting and facing about the enemy, not a man hurrying his step or otherwise disfiguring the movement, although subjected to a severe fire from the enemy's artillery, which had been rapidly advanced to short range.

On reaching the new position, the line was formed on the left of the Ninth Corps, which was soon after withdrawn, and resumed the march on Knoxville.

The Second Brigade was again intrusted with the duty of protecting the rear, which position, it held till the arrival of the entire force at Knoxville, on the morning of the 17th.

Prior to resuming the march, however, the enemy charged on the

