
left flank, but Colonel Chapin promptly changed front with the One hundred and seventh Illinois by a right wheel, and delivering its fire with such good effect as to cause the rapid retreat of the enemy, who made no further attempt.

The losses of the Second Brigade during the three days were as follows: Killed and mortally wounded, 19; wounded,91; captured (on picket duty), 53; missing,13. Total,176.

For detailed statement of the losses, I respectfully refer to the report of Colonel Chapin and that of the chief surgeon of the brigade, which are herewith submitted. Citizens state the loss of the enemy at Campbell's Station to be 91 killed and over 300 wounded.

I cannot close this report without bearing testimony to the unflinching steadiness and bravery of the officers and men of the Second Brigade, as well as to their cheerful endurance of three day's almost unremitting toil.

The meager list of missing is of itself an eloquent testimonial to the character of the brigade, considering the great hardships of the march, and the fact that the list was composed almost entirely of men weakened by sickness, for whom there was no transportation. To furnish a list of those who distinguished themselves would be to hand you the muster-rolls. No instance of misconduct or neglect of duty came under my observation, and but one has been reported. It would afford me great pleasure, would the limits of this report permit me, to mention the names of all those deserve honorable notice. It is due to the several regiments and batteries that at least the commanding officers should be mentioned by name, and I may truthfully say that they are representatives of the merits of their respective commands, including officers of the line,

non-commissioned officers, and privates.

Colonel M. W. Chapin, commanding the brigade, executed all the orders he received promptly and correctly, and when left to his own discretion his acts were distinguished for ability.

Colonel W. E. Hobson, Lieutenant-Colonel Estes, and Major Duncan, of the Thirteenth Kentucky; Colonel Kelly, late of the One hundred and seventh Illinois, who continued in command at the request of the officers of his regiment, notwithstanding his resignation had been tendered and accepted; Lieutenant-Colonel Lowry and Major Brooks, of the same regiment; Major Sherwood, in command of the One hundred and eleventh Ohio, and Captain Norris, acting major, and Maj. W. W. Wheeler, in command of the Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, all acquitted themselves honorably and with credit to themselves and the several States from which they hail. The officers and men of Henshaw's battery and the Twenty-fourth Indiana Battery, Captain Sims, exhibited all the qualities requisite to the efficient use of that important arm, and contributed largely to the successful resistance of the enemy's attack at Campbell's Station.

The officers of my personal staff-Captain Henry Curtis, jr., assistant adjutant-general; Captain F. G. Hentig, commissary of subsistence; Captain James A. Lee, assistant commissary of musters; Lieutenant Lowrie, chief of ordnance, and Lieutenant Edmiston, aide-de-camp

were always present, rendering valuable aid, and often greatly exposed.

Surg. J. G. Hatchitt, chief surgeon of the division, and Surg. L. A. Brewer, chief surgeon of the Second Brigade, devoted themselves assiduously to the treatment and care of the wounded, evincing a warm interest in their welfare and a strong desire to perform their duty on the field, as well as in hospital.

