
Conspicuous acts of gallantry on the part of M. W. Chapin, commanding the brigade; Colonel W. E. Hobson, commanding the Thirteenth Kentucky; Colonel Kelly, late of the One hundred and seventh Illinois; Maj. W. W. Wheeler, of the Twenty-third Michigan Infantry; Captain Henry Curtis,jr., assistant adjutant-general of the division, and Lieutenant Price, of the Eleventh Kentucky Mounted Infantry, came under my personal observation, except in the case of Lieutenant Price, which was reported by a third person.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Comdg. Second Div., 23rd Army Corps.

No. 27.

Itinerary of the Second Division.*

December 7, the Second Brigade marched from Knoxville and encamped near Flat Creek.

December 9, marched to within 7 miles of Rutledge and encamped.

December 17, in the night marched back to Blain's Cross-Roads and encamped.

December 18, the First Brigade arrived from Kingston and rejoined at Blain's Cross-Roads.

December 24, in the night marched to Strawberry Plains.

[Brigadier-General White relieved in command by Brigadier-General Manson.]

December 25, marched to New Market.

December 26, marched to Mossy Creek, at which point an engagement took place on the 29th, resulting in the defeat of the enemy. Two regiments of the First Brigade participated in the action and behaved with gallantry.

December 25, in the night the Second Brigade marched from Blain's Cross-Roads to Strawberry Plains, where it has since been encamped.

No. 28.

Report of Colonel Samuel R. Mott, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Kingston, Tennessee, December 3, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this brigade was attacked on the 24th ultimo at this place by General Wheeler's force of cavalry and mounted infantry, numbering from 8,000 to 12,000 men, with eight pieced of artillery.

The attack was made at daylight, and after a brisk engagement of seven hours' duration the enemy was handsomely whipped and driven back with a loss of 250 killed, wounded, and prisoners. Among their killed was Colonel Russell, of the Third [Fourth] Alabama, and 2 other colones were wounded. Wheeler retreated to Loudon, where he destroyed a large amount of quartermaster and commissary stores and ammunition, a large train of cars, three engines, and three batteries

---------------

*From return for December.

---------------

