
of artillery, alleging to citizens that he was pursued by Rosecrans's whole army.

Too much cannot be said in praise of the cool and determined bravery of the officers and men under my command. Each one did his whole duty. As an instance, I may mention the case of Captain Murphey, of the Sixteenth Kentucky, who with a single company charged a rebel regiment and demanded their surrender. Indeed, there were many instances of both officers and men performing prodigies of valor.

Our loss was 15 wounded, 1 of whom has since died.

I have the honor to be, colonel, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL R. MOTT,

Colonel, Comdg. First Brig., Second Div., 23rd Army Corps.

Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 29.

Itinerary of the First Brigade.*

December 4, we marched from Kingston, Tennessee, to Lackey's plantation, a distance of 20 miles. Encamped for the night.

December 5, we were ordered to Loudon, Tennessee, a distance of 8 miles.

December 8, we were ordered to Knoxville, Tennessee We marched 20 miles. Encamped on Rev. Mr. Parks' farm.

December 9, we marched 12 miles, encamping 1 mile east of Knoxville.

December 11, we marched 9 miles. Encamped 9 miles from Knoxville, on the Rutledge road.

December 16, we marched to Blain's Cross-Roads, which is 18 miles from Knoxville.

December 25, we marched from Blain's Cross-Roads to New Market, a distance of 16 miles; also marched to Mossy Creek, 4 miles from New Market.

December 29, we were attacked by the combined forced of Martin Armstrong, and Wheeler [Morgan.] The fight commenced at 9 a.m., ending at 7 p.m. The loss of the enemy was much heavier than ours.

No. 30.

Report of Colonel Marshal W. Chapin, Twenty-third Michigan Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS, Knoxville, Tennessee, November 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the conduct of the troops under my command during three separate engagements with the enemy, and also of their holding the enemy in check and covering the rear of the army in the retreat from Huff's Ferry to Lenoir's Station, a distance of 10 miles, and from Campbell's Station to Knoxville, a distance of 15 miles.

---------------

*From return for December.

---------------

