
On the night of the 13th of November, in accordance with an order from Brigadier-General White, I sent the Twenty-third Michigan Volunteer Infantry, under Major Wheeler, and one section of Henshaw's battery, Illinois Light Artillery, under Lieutenant Putnam, to make reconnaissance to Huff's Ferry, which they did, returning to camp about daylight, bringing the information that the enemy, under Longstreet, were in force at Huff's Ferry, and throwing a pontoon across the river.

Soon after daylight General White ordered me to march my brigade to Lenoir's. Here we rested a short time, and then, with the Ninth Army Corps, marched back toward Loudon and on toward Huff's Ferry, my brigade taking the advance.

When within about 2 1/2 miles of Huff's Ferry, General White ordered me to advance two regiments and attack the enemy. I ordered up the Thirteenth Kentucky Infantry and the One hundred and seventh Illinois Infantry, throwing out skirmishers ahead. The two regiments were soon separated by the lay of the ground. Our skirmishers were soon engaged and driving the enemy. This continued for about 2 miles. when the enemy came to a stand in the woods at the top of a hill. Up to this time both regiments had been about equally engaged, but now the enemy seemed to concentrate in front of the Thirteenth Kentucky. The summit of the hill, being wooded, made good cover for the rebels, and the side of the hill toward the Thirteenth Kentucky, being bare, afforded no cover for our men, who were still in the woods at the foot. This was the position of affairs when General White camp up, the firing being only moderate. He immediately ordered me to move the regiment forward into the open field, where they could get better sight of the enemy. This was immediately done, but soon found that we were losing many men without being able to drive the enemy. The One hundred and seventh Illinois having come up, General White ordered me to have the two regiments charge up the hill and driver them out. This was done in most gallant style by both regiments, the One hundred and seventh Illinois through the woods on the right and the Thirteenth Kentucky up the bare hill in the face of a most galling fire, driving the enemy off the hill and taking possession ourselves, which position, it being about dark, we held till morning.

On the morning of the 15th, I was notified that the column would retire toward Lenoir's, and was ordered to take three regiments of infantry and one section of artillery and cover the retreat. I took

the Thirteenth Kentucky, One hundred and seventh Illinois, and the One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry, and one section of Henshaw's (Illinois) battery, the One hundred and eleventh Ohio bringing up the rear, with skirmishers thrown out. We mowed on slowly until we came to a long, steep hill, about 2 miles from Loudon. Here we were obliged to double teams to get the section of artillery up, and I drew the One hundred and eleventh Ohio up in line on the hill-side to cover the movement. I succeeded in getting the pieces and one caisson up, when the enemy attacked me in front in strong force. We checked them, but they soon got a force on our left flank and partially in our rear. I had sent for re-enforcements, but as they did not arrive, I came to the conclusion, as the enemy were in front and on my left flank and pressing on my right flank, that I must either lose the regiment or the caisson, so I ordered the One hundred and eleventh Ohio to fall back to the top of the hill through the woods, which was done in good order, leaving the caisson behind.

