
Here I ordered Lieutenant Morrison to unlimber one of his guns, and as they enemy followed us through the woods, fired two rounds of grape and canister, thoroughly checking them for the moment and giving us time to get our artillery off. We then moved forward, our skirmishers holding the enemy sufficiently in check until we reached Lenoir's, where we remained for the night.

At Lenoir's, I ordered three regiments and Henshaw's battery in line of battle on the north side of town, ordering the men to lie on their arms and throwing out strong pickets.

In the morning we were ordered to move forward toward Campbell's Station, having our pickets to relieve afterward, which was done, all but one company of the One hundred and eleventh Ohio, that were never relieved and are supposed to have ben captured. We reached Campbell's Station about 11 a.m., a portion of the Ninth Army Corps bringing up the rear.

By order of general White, I drew up my brigade on this side of Campbell's Station in line of battle, my right being advanced about 150 yards and my left somewhat retired, owing to the lay of the land, my two batteries, viz, Henshaw's Illinois and the

Twenty-fourth Indiana, occupying the center on a small hill. At 12 m. we opened fire from the batteries and drove back the enemy, who were advancing in three lines. My whole brigade was now engaged. Some demonstrations were made to flank us, but detachments of the Ninth Army Corps were thrown on our right and left. After the engagement had lasted some time and our batteries had about exhausted their ammunition, the enemy brought three heavy batteries to bear on ours,and I was obliged to order the batteries to the rear, the infantry still remaining and holding the line, although the enemy's fire from both artillery and infantry was very heavy.

About 3 o'clock I was ordered to cover the retreat of the Ninth Army Corps, which we did by stretching a line of skirmishers across the entire field and moving my brigade in line of battle slowly to the rear, occasionally halting and checking the enemy. During this movement the fire from the enemy's artillery and infantry was very heavy, but the movement was performed deliberately and steadily, as though the regiments were on drill, falling slowly back until we reached the ridge we were ordered to hold. Here we halted, took up position, and again a portion of the Ninth Army Corps assisted us. We held this position until dark, when the Ninth Army Corps was withdrawn, and for a short time we were alone in the field.

As the Ninth Army Corps left the field the enemy charged on our left flank, but were handsomely repulsed by the One hundred and seventh Illinois. Shortly after this we were ordered off the field to bring up the rear, on the road to Knoxville, where we arrived about daybreak next morning.

I cannot, without extending this report, make such mention of the gallant officers and men who took part in these engagements as I should. I might mention the gallant conduct of Colonel Hobson. Lieutenant-Colonel Estes, and Major Duncan, all of the Thirteenth Kentucky; of Lieutenant-Colonel Lowry and Major Brooks, of the One hundred and seventh Illinois, in the charge made on the 14th of November; also the conduct of our friend, ex-Colonel Kelly, formerly of the One hundred and seventh Illinois, who, although his resignation had been accepted some days before, declined to leave so long as there was danger to be met, and remained with us during the engagements, encouraging the men of his former command.

