
About daylight, in connection with the rest of the brigade, took up the line of march for Lenoir's Station. Arriving at that point, I was ordered to halt and await further orders. After remaining there a short time we were ordered to return to Loudon, at which place we arrived about 2 p.m., the Thirteenth Kentucky being in advance. Here the command halted and was then ordered to march to Huff's Ferry, a distance of 5 miles below Loudon, at which place the enemy were reported to be crossing in force.

After marching a distance of about 2 1/2 miles, the enemy were discovered stationed in a wood near a church. At this point the One hundred and seventh Illinois and Thirteenth Kentucky were ordered forward on the "double-quick" to dislodge the enemy. Arriving near the church, I ordered forward Companies K and F, under command of Major Brooks, as skirmishers. The Thirteenth Kentucky having formed on our left, we attacked the enemy in their position, and, after considerable skirmishing, drove him back a distance of 2 miles, where he chose his position on the crest of a hill heavily wooded, behind a fence. Arriving at the foot of the hill, I was ordered to form line of battle, in connection with Thirteenth Kentucky, and take the hill, the One hundred and seventh Illinois forming on the right, the Thirteenth Kentucky on the left, both supported by the One hundred and eleventh Ohio.

After forming at the foot of the hill, we received orders to charge and drive the enemy from his position, which order was handsomely executed by the two regiments. The Thirteenth Kentucky having to advance through an open field were much more exposed to the galling fire from the enemy than my regiment, we having cover of the timber on the right. Gaining the top of the hill after a severe contest, during which time, however, I lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded, we were ordered to hold our position until further orders. During this time the two companies, K and F, remained on our right, and prevented the enemy from flanking us. Here, also, I was ordered to send out one company as pickets to protect our front. I accordingly sent out company G, under Lieutenant Weedman, who advanced some distance to the front and held their position until about 5 o'clock the morning of the 15th, when I was ordered to fall back in the direction of Lenoir' Station, the Thirteenth Kentucky again taking the advance, and the One hundred and eleventh Ohio covering the rear and supporting Henshaw's (Illinois) battery. The retreat continued in good order until we again arrived at Lenoir's Station, where we were ordered to camp for the night.

On the morning of the 16th, at about 2 o'clock, I received orders to destroy all our transportation and turn over all the mules for the purpose of getting the artillery away, which was accordingly done. The wagons were all chopped down, our baggage, camp equipage, officers' valises, clothing, &amp;c., were all destroyed and at about 4 o'clock we started for Campbell's Station; arriving there, we were again ordered into line, supporting Henshaw's (Illinois) battery on the left, three companies, K, F, and B, under Captain Laurence, having been ordered to hold a position in front of the battery, which they did.

After remaining in this position a time under a severe fire, and during which time I had two men wounded, the brigade was ordered off the field, the One hundred and seventh Illinois forming the extreme right. During this retreat a heavy body of the enemy attempted to flank us on the right, when Colonel Chapin halted my

