
regiment faced us to the front, and ordered us to fire; the volley completely checked the enemy's advance, and caused them to fall back. We remained in line until night came on, when we received orders to fall back to Knoxville, my regiment covering the rear of the Second Brigade, which point we reached on the morning of the 17th instant.

During these several engagements the officers and men of my regiment behave gallantly, and evinced a determination to maintain the honor and fair name of our brigade. I cannot particularize all who thus did their duty, but must take this occasion to say that Major Brooks was efficient in the discharge of his duty at all times. So, too, were Captains Laurence, Ford, Turner, Waller, Wood, Miholland, Wismer, and Camp, and Lieutenants Moore and Weedman (who each commanded companies); they, as well as the other commissioned officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, each and all their duty faithfully and efficiently.

Colonel Kelly, late colonel of the regiment, was with us all the time assisting me in commanding the regiment, from the time we left Loudon until we arrived at Knoxville, never leaving the regiment for a moment, and by his presence and coolness cheering and encouraging the men of the regiment. His conduct under the circumstances cannot be too highly spoken of. I must not omit also to mention Surgeon Wright and Assistant Surgeon Radmore, who were promptly at hand and took charge of the wounded and promptly cared for them, administering to their necessities, and it was not until long after nightfall, amid the storm of rain and wind, that they succeeded in getting the wounded to a place of safety and comparative ease and quiet. I must also on this occasion acknowledge the attention given this regiment by Colonel Chapin, our brigade commander, who ever was at his post of duty, encouraging us, by his presence and example, forward in the discharge of our duty, as well also as to carefully protect us from any unnecessary exposure to the fire of the enemy, and by which conduct he has endeared himself to the officers and men of this regiment.

Justice also to a brave and gallant officer requires me to make honorable mention of the conduct of Brig. Gen. Julius White, our division commander, who, by his constant personal attention since he assumed command at Columbia, Ky., had endeared himself to the officers and men of his command, and particularly in the late engagements in which this regiment has participated he was constantly present, ever at his post of duty, giving personal attention and directions, often in the most exposed positions, yet all times cool and collected. By his efficiency and soldierly conduct, both in camp and on the field of battle, he has secured not only the confidence and esteem of his command, but has added new luster to the already bright fame of Illinois.

The casualties of this regiment were as follows:

At Huff's Ferry, November 14, killed, Dennis Leary, Company H; slightly wounded in the foot, W. S. Throckmorton, Company B.

At Campbell's Station, November 16, Richard Watson, Company B, slightly wounded in leg; William Williver, Company F, slightly wounded in hip; Franklin Coon, Company K, slightly wounded in leg.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, yours,

F. H. LOWRY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg., 107th Illinois Volunteers.

Lieutenant C. MONTGOMERY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen.

