
days with the slightest allowance of food, exposed to most inclement weather, and much of the time on fatiguing march in presence of the enemy.

On Tuesday morning, 17th instant, the regiment was assigned a position on Temperance Hill, Knoxville, and since that time has furnished heavy details for grand guard and fatigue parties, besides fortifying its own and adjacent front, but has not engaged the enemy.

Six enlisted men of this regiment, of a party left at Lenoir's Station to destroy ammunition, are still missing, and are supposed to have been killed or taken prisoners by the enemy. The list of casualties, therefore,of the past month in our engagements with the enemy's is as follows: Six enlisted men killed, 1 officer and 24 enlisted men wounded, and 6 enlisted men missing. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 37.

In conclusion, sir, I am gratified to add my testimony of the gallant conduct of the officers of the line and of the enlisted men of the Twenty-third Michigan Volunteers, and of the untiring zeal and efficiency of the regimental and medical staff, during the engagement at Campbell's Station, which was the first in which it has been its fortune to take a part, and of the wonderful fortitude which has sustained them in all these trying circumstances without a murmur and without a doubt.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. WHEELER,

Major, Comdg. Twenty-third Michigan Infantry Volunteers.

Colonel M. W. CHAPIN,

Comdg. Second Brig., Second Div., 23rd Army Corps.

No. 33.

Report of Maj. Isaac R. Sherwood, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS 111TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Knoxville, Tennessee, November 28, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to an order of this date, asking for an official report of the casualties of this regiment of the 14th, 15th, and 16th instant, I have the honor to submit the following:

On the 14th instant, the regiment broke camp near Loudon and moved out at daylight to Lenoir's. At Lenoir's we were joined by a portion of the Ninth Army Corps and ordered back to loudon. From there we proceeded to Huff's Ferry, on the Tennessee River, where a brief but sharp engagement took place. The One hundred and eleventh Regiment was ordered by General White, commanding division, to move to support of the Thirteenth Kentucky and One hundred and seventh Illinois. The regiment occupied a position about 50 yards to the rear of the advance line, and in the brilliant charge which drove the enemy from his position was but little exposed to the enemy's fire. Afterward I was ordered to the right of the advance, which position we occupied during the night. During the engagement the regiment lost but 2 men, both wounded.

