
On the 15th, at daybreak, in obedience to orders from your headquarters, I moved the regiment in line of battle to the Kingston and Loudon road, when I was ordered to the rear to cover the retreat of the whole army. At a point nearly opposite Loudon the advance of the rebels appeared in sight. I immediately formed the regiment along the crest of a hill and awaited the approach of the enemy's skirmishers. They came in heavy line and in good order (the Sixth South Carolina Regiment Sharpshooters), supported, I afterward learned, by two regiments of infantry. When within 150 yards we delivered a well-directed fire from our Springfield muskets and continued firing with considerable effect, holding them in check until our artillery was safely over the hill, when I was ordered by Colonel Chapin (commanding brigade) to fall back. This order we obeyed immediately and in good order. My loss in the engagement is 2 killed, 10 wounded, and 2 missing, supposed to be mortally wounded. The small loss in killed and wounded is accounted for from the fact that the men fought while lying on the ground, thus exposing but a small part of the body to the enemy. From this point we marched unmolested to Lenoir's.

On the 16th, at 2 a.m., I received orders to march, and at 3.30 a.m. moved out on the Knoxville road. We arrived at Campbell's Station at 11 a.m., and were ordered to support the Henshaw battery, which had taken position on the left of the road. Scarcely had we got in position before skirmishing commenced in our front. The advance of the enemy was soon in sight, and the Henshaw battery opened on them immediately. They soon replied with a most terrible fire. The regiment changed position three times under fire, with great coolness and in good order. My loss in this engagement was 6 wounded, 1 supposed to be mortally.

I regret that I have to report a further loss in the capture of Lieutenant Norris and 52 enlisted men (Company B). They were detailed on the night of the 15th, at Lenoir's, as pickets, and, through the negligence of the officer in charge of the pickets, were not relieved. They were captured on the railroad, near Campbell's Station, just previous to the engagement of the 16th.

While I regret that so many of the officers and enlisted men of this regiment were unavoidably absent during these engagements, I most heartily acknowledge that great credit is due those who were present for the prompt manner in which they performed their duty.

Recapitulation.

Date.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

November 14, 1863	 	 2	 	 2

November 15, 1863	 2	 10	 2	 14

November 16, 1863	 	 6	 52	 58

Total	 2	 18	 54	 74

Respectfully submitted.

I. R. SHERWOOD,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant C. MONTGOMERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

