
shelter in the woods. Our fire was continued until nearly dark, and, all our ammunition being exhausted and the enemy apparently checked, my command was ordered to move at once to Knoxville.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

With respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

J. A. SIMS,

Captain Twenty-fourth Battery Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel CHAPIN,

Commanding Second Brigade.

No. 35.

Itinerary of the Third Division, Brig. Gen. Milo S. Hascall commanding.*

December 7, in the morning the division broke camp at Knoxville and marched in pursuit of the rebels, under Longstreet, to a point within 3 miles of Rutledge, where the division lay until the evening of the 14th, at which time it marched to the support of the Cavalry Corps, at or near Bean's Station.

December 15, in the morning, at daylight, the division was deployed in line of battle to throw up such works as could be made, of rails, &amp;c., and to receive the enemy. During the day they occupied this line, skirmishing constantly with the enemy until dark, when, agreeably to orders, the division fell back to the bivouac, from whence it marched on the evening of the 14th.

December 16, the division fell back to Blain's Cross-Roads, where it remained until the 28th, when it marched to Strawberry Plains, where it has since been encamped.

No. 36.

Itinerary of the First Brigade, Colonel James W. Reilly commanding.+

Portions of the brigade were engaged in all the series of operations in vicinity Knoxville, beginning on the 12th instant. Battery D, First Ohio Artillery, temporarily detached from the brigade, participated in all the engagements on the south side of the Holston River. One section of the Nineteenth Ohio Battery was stationed in Fort Sanders, the remainder on the right of the defensive works on the north side of the river. The infantry of the brigade was held in reserve, though frequently engaged in throwing up earth-works.

November 25, the Forty-fourth, One hundredth, and One hundred and fourth Regiments Ohio Volunteer Infantry crossed the river, and from that time until the 29th instant were engaged in digging rifle-pits and doing picket duty. Four companies of the One hundred and fourth Regiment were engaged in the skirmish of the 29th instant, with slight loss. On the evening of the same day the One hundredth and One hundred and fourth Regiments recrossed the river and were stationed on the second line of pits, on the left of our defensive works, which position they have since occupied. The Forty-fourth Ohio remained on the south side of the river, and has been doing picket duty since the 29th instant.

---------------

*From return for December.

+From returns for November and December.

---------------

