
December 7, the One hundred and fourth and Forty-fourth Regiments, and Battery D, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, left Knoxville, Tennessee Forded the Holston River at Armstrong Ferry, and recrossed at Strawberry Plains.

December 8, marched to Blain's Cross-Roads, a distance of 9 miles.

December 9, marched 15 miles and bivouacked within 2 miles of Rutledge, Tennessee, where they remained until December 14. During the evening marched to the front; 9 miles.

December 20, moved forward in the morning and came in sight of the enemy. The brigade participated in all the skirmishers until ordered back to Blain's Cross-Roads.

December 27, left Blain's Cross-Roads and marched to within 2 miles of Strawberry Plains.

December 28, in the morning went into camp at Strawberry Plains, and have remained there since, the One hundredth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Nineteenth Ohio Battery being left in Knoxville during the month.

No. 37.

Itinerary of the Second Brigade, Colonel Daniel Cameron commanding.*

November 1, the Second Brigade, Third Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, occupied heights on the south side of Holston River, opposite Knoxville.

November 15 and 16, engaged in skirmish with and assisted in repulsing enemy's cavalry, under Wheeler. From that time to November 24 employed in fortifying the heights.

November 24, engaged in skirmish with enemy's infantry, 1 1/2 miles southwest of Knoxville.

November 25, repulsed an assault made by Hood's division, Longstreet's corps, after a severe engagement, lasting two hours and a quarter. From that time to the 29th instant daily skirmishing continued with the enemy.

November 29, the enemy again advanced, but after hour hours' heavy skirmishing was driven back by the Twenty-fourth Kentucky and six companies of the Sixty-fifth Illinois. The Eighth Tennessee Infantry did not serve with the brigade during November.

No. 38.

Reports of Brig. General Orlando B. Willcox, U. S. Army, commanding Left Wing United States Forces in East Tennessee.

ON ROAD TO WALKER'S FORD, December 2, 1863-1 p.m.

Colonel Graham reports that he thinks Wheeler is present with his full force, 6,000 men; they are pressing his left wing-the cavalry. He is falling back under cover of two regiments of infantry. It is possible they may move up to the left with a view of crossing at one of the upper fords.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

Maj. Gen. JOHN G. FOSTER, Tazewell.

---------------

*From return for November.

---------------

