
ONE-HALF MILE FROM WALKER'S FORD, December 3, 1863-1.45 p.m.

GENERAL: Your dispatch just received. The ammunition came down in due time. After waiting till something had to be done for forage, I sent the remainder of Graham's brigade across the river, where it will go into camp about a mile and a half from the river.

I sent you a prisoner, taken yesterday, from whom I learn that the enemy had two brigades and a battery in the fight, and one in reserve. Armstrong was present with Harrison's and Dibrell's brigades, of Wheeler's cavalry. Carter's brigade was back toward Maynardville. Our officers estimate the enemy's loss at least 100 killed. They endeavored to gain Graham's rear by a flank movement through one of the side gaps near the river, but were severely punished. They made several bold charges in the road, exposing themselves, and suffered accordingly. Citizens report that our artillery damaged them considerably. On the whole it was a pretty little repulse.

Respectfully, yours,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

Maj. Gen. JOHN G. FOSTER,

Tazewell.

FOUR MILES FROM WALKER'S FORD, December 3, 1863-6 p.m.

GENERAL: I forward dispatches received from scouts. Prisoners will be forwarded in the morning. One of them by the name of Smith, First Tennessee, was attached to General Jones' headquarters; told him the night before the fight that he was going to Blain's

Cross-Roads. It is possible that while Wheeler's brigade started toward Kingston, Jones' command will move up toward Virginia to cover Longstreet's left flank. There is no doubt that Colonel Dibrell was wounded and Assistant Adjutant-General Allison killed in the affair of yesterday.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General FOSTER.

IRWIN'S FORD ROAD, December 3, 1863-7.30 p.m.

GENERAL: I have sent your dispatch for General Granger* to Colonel Graham, with orders to send an officer and 2 or 3 intelligent men, all of whom shall be fully posted. I would advise, in addition, that you send from Tazewell to Colonel Davis, who is at Fincastle or near Clinton, and has already opened communication with Colonel Byrd. Colonel Harney, who is at Tazewell, will forward the communication. The prisoner who was at Jones' headquarters said that General Jones told him that he was going to Bean's Station. I don't place much reliance in this, except upon the theory that Longstreet

---------------

*See Foster to Granger, same date, Part III,p.-

---------------

