
No. 34.-Lieutenant Colonel Charles B. Randall, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Infantry.

No. 35.-Major John A. Reynolds, First New York Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade.

No. 36.-Brig. General John B. Turchin, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, with itinerary of brigade.

No. 37.-Record of a Court of Inquiry,and accompanying documents.

No. 38.-Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army, commanding corps, with field dispatches, &amp;c.

No. 39.-Organization of Hood's division.

No. 40.-Brig. General E. McIver Law, C. S. Army, commanding brigade and Hood's division.

No. 41.-Colonel James L. Sheffield, Forty-eighth Alabama Infantry, commanding Law's brigade.

No. 42.-Colonel John Bratton, Sixth South Carolina Infantry, commanding Jenkins' brigade.

No. 43.-Brig. General Jerome B. Robertson, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

No. 1.

Reports of Maj. General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland, with field dispatches and congratulatory orders.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, October 27, 1863-11.30 p.m.

(Received 9 p.m., 28th.) General William F. Smith, commanding Hazen's brigade, Sheridan's division, Fourth Corps, and Turchin's brigade, Baird's division, Fourteenth Corps, floated boats of pontoon bridges down the river from Chattanooga to Brown's Ferry, 6 miles below; landed, surprised, and drove off the enemy's pickets and reserves; took possession of the hills commanding debouche of the ferry, on southwest side, and laid bridge and intrenched the command strongly enough to hold the bridge securely.

By the judicious precautions taken by General Smith before starting, and the intelligent co-operation of Generals Turchin and Hazen, commanding brigades, and Colonel Stanley, of the Eighteenth Ohio, commanding boat party, this was a complete success, and reflected great credit on all concerned.

Our loss, 4 killed, 15 wounded; enemy, 8 killed, 6 prisoners, and several wounded.

General Hooker, commanding troops composing Eleventh Corps and part of Twelfth, marched from Bridgeport at daylight to-day, to open road from Bridgeport to Chattanooga, and take some position protecting river. Two brigades of Palmer's division, Fourth Corps, should have reached Rankin's Ferry, to co-operate with General Hooker to-day. The Sixteenth Illinois reached Kelley's Ferry to co-operate with General Hooker. If General Hooker is as successful as General Smith has been, we shall in a few days have open communication with Bridgeport by water, as well as by a practicable road, running near the river on the northern bank.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

Maj. General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

