
NEAR WALKER'S FORD, December 22, 1863-8.30 a.m.

GENERAL: Your dispatches of 20th to concentrate at Tazewell, and 21st to remain there, &amp;c., were received last night. I shall keep a sharp lookout for the trains, but should feel safer with more cavalry on this side the river to scout in strength on my left flank, as my leaving here will make the enemy bolder along your courier line.

I would recommend frequent cavalry patrols between Blain's Cross-Roads and the Clinch. There were numerous small parties in the valley, which, however, I hope Foster's brigade will clean out. Just above Walker's Ford there is a band of them across the river.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General FOSTER.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, January 23, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of the Left Wing forces of East Tennessee prior to and during the siege of Knoxville.

I joined General Burnside at Bull's Gap, October 8, 1863, with a division of re-enforcements from Camp Nelson, Ky., consisting of the One hundred and fifteenth, One hundred and sixteenth, One hundred and seventeenth, and One hundred and eighteenth Indiana (six-months') Volunteer Regiments, Twelfth Michigan, Twenty-first Ohio, and Twenty-third Indiana Batteries. Next morning, on the advance to Blue Springs, Hoskins' brigade, of the Twenty-third Corps, reported to me. I had also two companies of Third Indiana Cavalry.

In the fight at Blue Springs my command was partly on duty supporting batteries engaged, and partly in reserve and guarding cross-roads. After that action I took post at Greenville, with Hoskins' brigade advanced as far as Rheatown, supporting Shackelford's cavalry operations.

About the 1st of November, owing to reports of a large rebel force concentrating at Zollicoffer and Abingdon, and about to advance, Shackelford drew in his outposts from Kingsport, Blountsville, and Carter's Station and fell back as far as Rheatown, reporting to your headquarters by telegraph, and then reporting to me, by direction of the major-general commanding. I halted him at Rhetown and ordered him to advance his pickets as far, at least, as Jonesborough. The road by Kingsport toward Rogersville was thus left unguarded, and on the morning of November 6 firing of artillery was heard at Rogersville. The enemy had marched down through Kingsport, and suddenly attacking Garrard's cavalry, completely routed it. Garrard fell back with his shattered command to Morristown, the major-general commanding telegraphed me to fall back to that point and defend it. Accordingly, I withdrew from Greeneville and the neighborhood. On the night of the 6th, Shackelford reached Russellville with his cavalry, and I halted with the infantry and artillery at Bull's Gap on finding that the enemy had not advanced farther than Rogersville. I then seized the passes of the Bull Mountains, from the Holston, opposite Rogersville, to Chucky Bend, and

