
rebel cavalry which had come to that neighborhood, and commenced seizing a large drove of hogs, which was on its way from Kentucky to Knoxville,when the siege stopped them. I also sent a cavalry party from Foster's division to Clinton, with orders to communicate with Granger's cavalry, which it did, at some point toward Kingston. The movement upon Abingdon, however, was abandoned in consequence of orders received from General Burnside, through my scouts (who got into Knoxville), for me to send my cavalry toward Knoxville and advance the infantry to supporting distance. Graham's brigade was at once ordered to proceed as far as Blain's Cross-Roads, if possible, and harass the enemy, and draw off as much of Wheeler's rebel cavalry corps as possible, falling back toward Tazewell, if compelled by superior force. I did not deem it wise to take Garrard's brigade from the Ransom's flank. On November 30, Major-General Foster arrived at Cumberland Gap. My plans were fully approved; and on December 1, by his orders, we set forward with the infantry to Tazewell, leaving a minimum garrison at Cumberland Gap.

On the night of December 1, a courier from Graham reported that the enemy in large force were pressing him back toward Maynardville, and on the morning of the 2nd, I moved with the infantry division, now commanded by Colonel Curtin, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, toward the Clinch, with orders from General Foster to march as far as Walker's Ford. I sent Jackson's brigade by the direct road to the ford, with Patterson's (Twenty-first Ohio) battery, with orders to put his artillery in position at the ford, and either cross over to the assistance of Graham or cover his retreat across the river, according to circumstances. The rest of the division took another road, which enabled us to check any attempt of the enemy to cross above Walker's Ford. Graham lit his camp-fires at Maynardville, and withdrew during the night of the 1st, leaving one company to observe the enemy. Wheeler's cavalry, re-enforced by a brigade of Jones' (or Williams'), which latter had come down by the south side of the Holston, appeared at Maynardville at daylight, drove out Graham's rear guard, and soon came upon Graham's main body. Graham fell back slowly, fighting at every advantageous point. My staff officers found him about 3 miles from the ford, in the Clinch Mountain, and apprised him that supports were at hand. He also communicated directly with Colonel Jackson, who crossed over two regiments of infantry, and relieved a portion of the cavalry, whose ammunition was exhausted.

The enemy sent a brigade to turn our left flank and cross the river by a ford just above Walker's. This movement was detected by Graham, who detached a part of Capron's (Illinois) regiment, armed with Henry rifles, by whom the enemy was met and repulsed, losing heavily under the rapid firing of a much inferior force. The main body came upon our two infantry regiments, which, although new troops, stood up bravely and repulsed the enemy in about twenty minutes. The enemy had a battery of light artillery, which our artillery, under Captain Patterson, silenced, firing over the heads of our own men.

The enemy fell back half a mile before dark, and then 3 miles; finally, at midnight, they were in full retreat toward Knoxville. We captured some prisoners that night and the next day or two-about 125. Our loss was about 50 killed, wounded, and missing. The enemy outnumbered us two to one, and were commanded by General

