
Martin in person, in Wheeler's absence from his command. Colonel Graham, having replenished his exhausted ammunition in the night, started at daylight in pursuit, and picked up quite a number of stragglers, which were sent to Tazewell. All the prisoners were sent to Camp Nelson. This action terminated my operations under Major-General Burnside, who was relieved a few days afterward by General Foster.

I beg leave to mention for good conduct throughout the campaign Captain Robert A. Hutchins, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers; First Lieutenant L. C. Brackett, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant William V. Richards, Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Captain P. Heistand, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, and Surg. P. A. O'Connell, U. S. Volunteers. And, for great energy at Cumberland Gap, in supplying the troops from the country, First Lieutenant R. M. Cross, Thirty-sixth Massachuttes Volunteers, acting commissary of subsistence. Also, for bravery and skill in action, Colonel Jackson, One hundred and eighteenth Indiana Volunteers, commanding brigade; Colonel Graham, Indiana Cavalry, commanding brigade, and Captain Patterson, Twenty-first Ohio Battery.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brevet Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Asst. Adjt. Gen.

No. 39.

Reports of Brig. General James M. Shackelford, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps, Department of the Ohio.

KNOXVILLE, Tennessee, November 15, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

The following just from General Shackelford. I wrote him that in case he had to fall back upon Colonel Cameron's brigade he must co-operate with General Hascall to hold the enemy in check.

1 p.m.

We are still at the same place as when last wrote you; still fighting. The enemy firing from four guns, showing considerable force.

J. M. SHACKELFORD.

P. S.-Since writing the within I learn the enemy is moving in heavy force upon our left.

I have ordered my advance to fall back to within 4 miles of town.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,In the Field, 4 1/2 Miles from Knoxville, November 15, 1863-2 p.m.

The enemy is still advancing in very heavy column. The fighting is heavy.

I am, general, truly, yours,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General PARKE.

