HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,In the Field, December 5, 1863-midnight.

GENERAL: I have just met Mr. Summers, a very reliable man, who lives on the south side of the river, and was captured by the enemy yesterday and taken to the Plains. He says the whole of the force went this road; he met 500 cavalry this morning at Lay's Station, 60 miles above Knoxville. He thinks their force 25,000. They said they were going to Morristown. I send Summers to you.

SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BURNSIDE.

P. S.-Part of the cavalry crossed 3 miles below Strawberry Plains, and part, if not all, the trains did also.

I sent 4 more prisoners, and we are still picking them up.

FIVE MILES FROM KNOXVILLE, ON MORRISTOWN ROAD,

December 5, 1863-2 a.m.

GENERAL: I received your order to move slowly, and have just reached this point. This point is near the junction of the main road on which the rebels traveled on yesterday and last night. Three rebels left here about one hour and a half ago, who had been here for some time, who said they were remaining here to show a brigade of cavalry the night road. The citizens report that the enemy's cavalry is now in line of battle on the road that the enemy traveled-I mean the road that forms a junction with this just above this point. I have ordered a party out to ascertain the facts. I also ordered scout down to Armstrong's Ferry. I think, from the best information I can get, that the main body of the enemy came into this road just above here and went directly up the road to Morristown.

I send back 2 prisoners.

Yours, truly,

SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Army of the Ohio.

CAMPBELL'S, SEVEN MILES FROM KNOXVILLE,

December 5, 1863-5 a.m.

GENERAL: My advance is 3 miles beyond this place. I would have gone farther, but for your order that I should travel slowly and that I might be ordered on the Jacksborough road, and the further reason of having the rebels reported in line of battle on my left, which I had investigated and proved to be a mistake. About 1,500 cavalry crossed at Armstrong's Ford. The infantry and trains and part of the cavalry passed on parallel road about 2 miles from this point, and part of the cavalry passed up this road, the last passing about 9 o'clock this morning. I am satisfied, from all that I can learn from prisoners and citizens, that the rebels are moving for Bristol direct. It will be very difficult to get forage for the regiments.

We will do the best we can.

I am, general, yours, truly,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BURNSIDE.

