HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, FORKS OF SCOTT'S MILL ROAD,December 7, 1863-10.30 p.m.

GENERAL: The enemy's infantry all came up the Scoutt's Mill road; passed up the Rutledge road. His cavalry is just in our front. Some little skirmishing this morning. We are moving forward. I have not heard from Colonel Foster.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,2 Miles from Blain's Cross-Roads, December 8, 1863-6 a.m.

MAJOR:Your dispatch was received at a quarter to 5 this morning. Since dispatching the general at that hour, I have had General Foster's dispatch translated, and I am satisfied that he is mistaken as to the position of Colonel Foster. After giving copy of telegram from General Grant to General Foster, which I presume the general has already received, he adds:

I sent you a dispatch last night informing you of the exact position of the two brigades of my division and the position of the enemy (I did not get that dispatch). The officer bearing this dispatch will inform you of our position this morning. I am anxious to know the position of our cavalry below, and its operations, in order that I may know how to operate against the enemy. I found Jones' division yesterday in the Flat Creek and Bull Run Valley, this side of Powder Spring Gap. We attacked and drove them beyond Copper Ridge Gap, capturing 1 captain and a number of prisoners and about 7 horses. I will try to-day to force the passage of Powder Spring Gap, or some of the gaps over Clinch Mountain above there.

JOHN W. FOSTER,

Colonel, Commanding.

The enemy had a heavy force of cavalry in my front and on my right on yesterday. I had not sufficient force to attack him, and the general had ordered me not to attack with the force I came out with. As soon as General Ferrero reached me I made a forward movement; the enemy had just fallen back to Blain's Cross-Roads, and was in my immediate front at dark. The estimate places upon the enemy's cavalry by citizens is from 6,000 to 10,000. The citizens represent the infantry in bad condition for marching, and very much demoralized. No citizen was permitted to go within their lines on yesterday, and therefore we could not get any information of his movements above this point. I am satisfied, however, that the infantry is moving on for Rogersville, or some point above that.

A part of their train went by Morristown. I am now in the act of moving forward.

I am, major, yours, truly,

SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major VAN BUREN,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Junction of Rutledge and Powder Spring road, December 8, 1863-11 a.m.

GENERAL: I have just reached this place. Generals Martin and Armstrong were between this and Blain's Cross-Roads, and ont he river road last night. They commenced leaving last night about

