
midnight, the last of them leaving at 8 o'clock this morning. Jones' command was out the Powder Spring road and came in to the Rutledge road this morning at this point, and went on up the road. I heard from Colonel Foster this morning. Graham's brigade was to have been at Blain's Cross-Roads by 10 or 11 o'clock. Garrard's brigade was to cross the mountain at one of the gaps to-day. I think when I get the corps together, with the artillery, I will be enabled to do the enemy some damage. The enemy's infantry finished passing here late Sunday evening, since which time I have heard nothing of them.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Bean's Station, December 9, 1863-12.30 p.m.

GENERAL: I have just reached this place with my advance. We drove the rebel cavalry for 4 or 5 miles. We found them in position, with artillery planted,at this place, but they left in considerable hast at our approach. A large body of cavalry went down the mountain road. The infantry was passing this point on yesterday until 4 p.m., and from the best information I can get, Longstreet encamped last night near Rock Spring, 4 miles on the Rogersville road.

I have sent scouts out on all the roads, and will feed before moving any farther.

I am, general, yours, truly,

SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Maj. General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Forces.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Bean's Station, December 9, 1863-5 p.m.

GENERAL: I occupied this place with my command at 12.30 o'clock instant. I am directed by General Parke, commanding forces in pursuit of the enemy, to remain here with my command and open communication with your across the mountain. The rebel infantry finished passing this point, going up the Rogersville road late last evening.

Citizens report that some infantry under Jones went out on the Morristown road. A large body of rebel cavalry, with artillery, went down the Morristown road this morning. I have had considerable skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry to-day. We have captured over 100 prisoners since we left Knoxville.

The greater part of Colonel Foster's division is greatly in want of ammunition, both small-arms and artillery. I sent a messenger to Tazewell this morning with dispatch for you, and also to try and obtain rations for my command. I directed him to give you full particulars of our condition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General FOSTER,

Tazewell.

N. B.-General Parke is at Rutledge, 9 1/2 miles from this place.

