HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Bean's Station, December 12, 1863-6.30 p.m.

GENERAL: The reconnaissance under Colonel Graham upon the Rogersville road came upon the enemy at Mooresburg, drove them back about 1 mile into a position from which he could not dislodge them without bringing on a general engagement. He withdrew his troops this side of Mooresboroug. A prisoner from Fifty-first Virginia Regiment states that he left the rebel infantry 8 miles beyond Rogersville last night; they had stopped and were foraging. He states that the principal part of the rebel cavalry were at Russellville.

The reconnaissance to Morristown, under Colonel Pennebaker, found no enemy at that place but found their pickets beyond town, on the Russellville road, and drove them in; came upon line of battle, and they retreated up the road.

I am, general, yours,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General PARKE.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Bean's Station, December 13, 1863-6 p.m.

GENERAL: I would have communicated with you before this to-day, but did not know where the communication would reach you.

In pursuance with your orders, I ordered 200 men to proceed to Morristown this morning, for the purpose of examining telegraph wire. They met enemy's pickets on this side of Morristown, and from statements of citizens in relation to there being rebels in the town and a heavy force at Cheek's Cross-Roads, the officer in command did not attempt to go to the town. Colonel Garrard, with his brigade, was sent to Morristown on yesterday, with orders to make reconnaissance upon the Russellville road. He found no enemy at Morristown, but found the enemy in considerable force at Cheek's Cross-Roads. He say he saw in line 2,000 or 2,500 rebels; he had heavy skirmishing with them. Our loss 4 killed and number wounded. Colonel Garrard says the enemy had 5,000 men at that point. It was Wheeler's command, under Martin. A prisoner captured from Third Alabama states that Wheeler's force was at that point. He gives their number at 5,000 or 6,000. I ordered a reconnaissance of 200 men up the Rogersville road this morning. They were attacked and driven in by the enemy, the enemy following up to our picket stand. Colonel Wolford's command lost three or four wagons that were on that road foraging. We met them at the picket stand, and drove them back 4 1/2 miles.

Prisoners captured from the Fourth Kentucky (rebel) Cavalry stated that there were two rebel regiments, the Fourth and Tenth Kentucky. One of the prisoners stated that the Fourth Kentucky and one battalion of the Tenth were out there, making 600 men. One of the prisoners, who seemed to speak the truth, stated that Longstreet's command was at Red Bridge; that Longstreet's headquarters were 5 miles above Mooresburg; that Ransom's command had gone across the river at Rogersville, but that all of Longstreet's command was on this side of Rogersville. He also stated that all the cavalry, except that we were fighting this evening had gone this morning over to Cheek's Cross-Road; that they were sent down to feel our

