
forces while that movement was being made. The statement in relation to Longstreet's headquarters is corroborated by a citizen who got through this evening, who lives 13 miles above this. General Willcox states that 3 prisoners were brought into his headquarters on last night who belonged to a Georgia regiment-Hood's division. All 3 had written passes up to 2 o'clock yesterday. They stated that their command was 7 miles below Rogersville, and that Bushrod Johnson's command was in the rear. It may be that the enemy is concentrating his cavalry at Cheek's Cross-Roads with the view of attacking me at this point, as he could much more easily attack from that direction than from the road leading to Rogersville. His movements this evening in both directions seem to indicate some such purpose.

I have ordered the troops to stand at arms at 6 a.m. to-morrow. I would suggest that if the enemy was to throw a considerable force of his cavalry over Clinch Mountain, he cold seriously damage the trains from Cumberland Gap. If you have leisure, I would ask for you to ride up early in the morning.

I am, general, yours, truly,

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General PARKE.

P. S.-I have been quite sick for two or three days.

Since writing the above Colonel Bond, who was in command of my advance, this evening reports that citizens who have come through since dark report that the cavalry on the Rogersville road was supported by infantry and artillery at Rock Spring, 5 1/2 miles from here.

Since writing the above, Colonel Capron reports the rebels on the other bank of the river up and down; that his commissary and 6 of his men were at a mill on the other side of the river this evening; his men, except the commissary, were captured. I would suggest the propriety of an infantry force being moved up to-night to cover the road leading off to Turley's Ford, about 1 mile this side of Rutledge.

[Indorsement.]

RUTLEDGE, December 13, 1863-10 p.m.

General FORSTER,

Knoxville:

GENERAL: I have just arrived, and met the following* dispatch. I have ordered a force of infantry to march in the morning to the road indicated by General Shackelford. General Potter has pickets at Turley's Ford, at Turley's Mill, and on the road this side of there. The indications are that Longstreet has halted, and probably turned back a portion of his command, possibly all. To-morrow will probably develop his plans.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JNumbers G. PARKE.
HEADQUARTERS,Bean's Station, December 14, 1863.

GENERAL: Since my report on last night, there has been no demonstrations on the part of the enemy. Reconnaissance on Rogersville made before daylight this morning ascertained that the

---------------

*Preceding.

---------------

