
enemy had fallen back from the position he occupied where the skirmishing closed at dark last night. The glare of the enemy's camp fires could be seen 2 or 3 miles from the position he occupied at dark last evening. The patrols on the roads to the river saw nor heard nothing of the enemy.

Respectfully, yours,

SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General PARKE.

No. 40.

Reports of Brig. General Samuel D. Sturgis, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry in East Tennessee.*

MILLIKEN'S HOUSE, December 16, 1863.

GENERAL: The detachment sent by me to-day to examine the valley south of the hills on my right has returned, and the major reports that just before night he saw a regiment of rebel cavalry in line just beyond Eldridge's Mill; that is, about 5 1/2 miles from Blain's Cross-Roads. I have already sent, according to your request, a small brigade of cavalry to Stone's Mill, and have five companies of infantry picketing a road leading in the general direction of Stone's Mill from this place.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Maj. General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding U. S. Troops.
HEADQUARTERS,Milliken's, December 17, 1863-8.45 a.m.

GENERAL: Our pickets are now engaged, and the enemy (cavalry) appears to be advancing in column. He has not developed his intentions yet. Yesterday it seems that Colonel Graham sent a party in search of provisions through Powder Spring Gap, beyond the Clinch Mountain, and were fired upon, as reported by one of the members who returned. We have heard nothing from the party since. This probably was the firing heard by Lieutenant-Colonel Ward's party, as reported by him last night.

Respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Maj. General J. G. PARKE.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: The within note has just been received. If convenient, I would be much obliged if you would come up to my headquarters.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

---------------

*See also Sturgis' correspondence with W. L. Elliott.

---------------

