
MILLEKEN'S HOUSE, December 17, 1863.

GENERAL: Our rear is getting up all right. The enemy is not advancing so boldly as heretofore. If he undertakes to advance to-morrow we will endeavor to check him, which I think we can pretty well. The question of forage, however, is very embarrassing, and I do not know what we shall be able to do on that score yet, non do I suppose it is your power to throw much light on the subject.

Respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General PARKE.
HEADQUARTERS,Godwin's House, Four Miles from Rutledge, December 17, 1863-4 p.m.

GENERAL: The enemy are now using a four-gun howitzer battery they have in position on the high ridge to our right, and can observe all our movements from that point. I would therefore suggest that you stop any movement of your troops at Rutledge until I can get under way, of which I will speedily inform you.

I think that if it is discovered that your troops and those here are falling back simultaneously we shall be too heavily pressed.

It is this moment reported by citizens (no doubt exaggerated) that a rebel force of 10,000 cavalry are coming down our right and rear.

I am, general,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Maj. General J. G. PARKE.
HEADQUARTERS,Minett's House, Maynardville Road, December 18, 1863.

GENERAL: Your note is just received. A brigade was sent last evening to occupy the gap on General Spears' left and to examine the country from Stone's Mill to the Holston. I will send an officer at once to see that there is no mistake in this matter. Your request in regard to a chain of couriers to Tazewell will be complied with at once.

I have just received a note from General Elliott, at Richland Creek bridge. He reports one of his brigades crossing at McKinney's Ford. General Spears represents to him that the enemy is in possession of Nance's Ford, or commands it. I think he should satisfy himself of this by a reconnaissance, and I will direct him to do so, which you will have time to countermand should you deem necessary. I would respectfully suggest that as General Spears has a brigade of cavalry at Stone's Mill, he might order such reconnaissances as are necessary from that, in the event of any misunderstanding by the other troops I have sent.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Major-General PARKE,

Blain's Cross-Roads.

27 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

