HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Near McKinney's Ford, December 18, 1863-8 p.m.

GENERAL: I arrived here this moment with Wolford's division (three brigades) and one brigade of Foster's division, and find that but one brigade of General Elliott's division has crossed. He expects to complete the crossing by 9 a.m., commencing by daybreak to-morrow. General Elliott has sent out scouts, whom he expects to return during the night, and will be able to inform us what movements, if any, are going on in our front and below. The commanding officer at Strawberry Plains has been informed of the reported crossing of the enemy at Buffalo Ford. There is a force watching the ford about 2 miles below the Plains. This ford can hardly be used by cavalry at the present time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Major-General FOSTER.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,McKinney's Ford, December 19, 1863-7 a.m.

GENERAL: After General Elliott had crossed one brigade of his command the river rose, and is now from 3 to 4 feet deeper than it was at dark. There is no danger from the cavalry of the enemy crossing the river below.

I would suggest that a pontoon bridge be sent by rail to Strawberry Plains and thrown across the river at that place. In the meantime, I will let the brigade now on the other side move down to that place, and move the rest of General Elliott's command to Strawberry Plains to cover the collection of supplies by the brigade while awaiting your instructions. The rest of my command will go where it can be foraged.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Cavalry.

Major-General FOSTER.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Near Strawberry Plains, December 20, 1863-10 p.m.

GENERAL: Major Thornburgh, First Tennessee Cavalry, who was sent 1st night by General Elliott with two companies to the mills in the vicinity of New Market, has returned, and reports a large force of cavalry on the north (this) side the Holston, below Mossy Creek and at the mouth of Buffalo Creek.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Maj. General J. G. PARKE,

Commanding Army in Field, Blain's Cross-Roads.

(Same to Foster.)

