HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, December 21, 1863.

Colonel Wolford reports that 3 of his men have just returned who were cut off while foraging near Bean's Station the 14th instant. They report having passed through the enemy's camp three days ago. That Longstreet's army, or the main body of his infantry, was at Bean's Station, between that place and Rutledge-reaching to Rutledge; his cavalry was at May's Mill, 4 1/2 miles from Bean's Station, at Morristown, and at Mossy Creek. They think Longstreet has about 25,000 men.

S. D. STURGIS,Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General POTTER,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Strawberry Plains, December 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General Elliott sends me the following information, which he received from Major Dyer, commanding force on the road from Rutledge to Dandridge. Major Dyer reports all quiet on the south side of the river. His citizen scout has seen a deserter, whom he knows to be a reliable man, and this man stated that he knew of but two divisions of infantry, though another was reported, all on the north side of the river, and that they are stationed 4 miles above Rutledge. The deserter also reported that he heard his brigade commander say they were going to move to the mouth of the Chucky and establish a line from Bean's Station to that point via Morristown. It is reported to Major Dyer that there is a cavalry force 10,000 strong in his immediate front, but that there is no infantry force on the south side of the river.

The enemy is guarding one of the fords on the Holston by infantry and artillery. I am endeavoring to find out what ford. Major-General Parke has been informed of this.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General FOSTER,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Cobb's House, near Strawberry Plains, December 22, 1863-9.30 p.m.

GENERAL: Elliott will cross his remaining brigade at the ford below the Plains by daylight to-morrow, ferrying over his artillery. He will march on New Market, which place he will reach by noon. Wolford, with two brigades, and Garrard, with one brigade, will cross at McKinney's Ford at daylight also, and march on the main road to New Market. Immediately upon crossing, a force will be sent to the upper fords to watch them.

I would suggest that you send Capron's brigade, now on the Maynardville road, up the Rutledge Valley early in the morning to make a demonstration there.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Maj. General J. G. PARKE.

