HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, November 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith the official reports of Major-General Hooker, commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, and of Brigadier General W. F. Smith, chief engineer, Department of the Cumberland, commanding the expedition composed of Turchin's brigade, Baird's division, Fourteenth Army Corps, and Hazen's brigade, Wood's division, Fourth Army Corps, and detachments of the Eighteenth Ohio Infantry, under command of Colonel T. R. Stanley, and of the First Michigan Engineers, under command of Captain P. V. Fox, of the operations of their respective commands between the 26th and 28th ultimo, to gain possession of the south bank of the Tennessee River and to open the road for a depot of supplies at Bridgeport.

Preliminary steps had already been taken to execute this vitally important movement before the command of the department devolved on me. The bridge, which it was necessary to throw across the river at Brown's Ferry to gain possession of the northern end of Lookout Valley and open communication with Bridgeport by road and river, was nearly completed.

On the 23d, orders were sent to General Hooker to concentrate the Eleventh Corps and one division of the Twelfth at Bridgeport, informing him at the same time what his force was expected to accomplish, and that a force from this place would co-operate with him by establishing a bridge across the river at Brown's Ferry and seize the heights on the south, or Lookout Valley side, thus giving him an open road to Chattanooga when his forces should arrive in Lookout Valley. The force to throw the bridge completed, giving General Smith two days to examine the ground with the two brigade commanders, and to give all the necessary detailed instructions to insure success. General Hooker reported on the 26th that he would be ready to move on the 27th at daylight.

He was instructed to move at the appointed time, with full instructions how to provide for the defense of his flank, and to cover the approaches to the road from the direction of Trenton. The bridge was successfully thrown across the river on the night of the 26th, and General Hooker reached Lookout Valley and communicated with this place on the 28th. The enemy attempted to surprise him the night after reaching his position in Lookout Valley, and, after an obstinate contest of two hours' duration, was completely repulsed, with a loss of upward of 1,500 killed and wounded, over 100 prisoners, and several hundred stand of arms. I refer you to the reports of General Hooker and Smith for the details of the operations of their commands, commending to favorable consideration the names of those officers specially mentioned by them for gallant and meritorious conduct. The skillful execution by General Smith of the work assigned him, and the promptness with which General Hooker, with his troops, met and repulsed the enemy on the night of the 28th, reflects the greatest credit on both of those officers and their entire commands. I herewith annex consolidated returns of casualties.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Brig. General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

