
December 14, heavy skirmishing with the enemy on the Virginia road; about 2 p.m. enemy drove in our pickets on the Virginia road. Soon the whole division was engaged, and fought until dark, when we fell back 4 miles. Lost about 130 killed and wounded.

December 15, took position and skirmished until dark, when we fell back to Blain's Cross-Roads and encamped.

December 21, sent the Third Brigade on reconnaissance toward Tazewell.

December 23, the First and Second Brigades (Third still at Tazewell) moved to New Market, crossing the Holston River at McKinney's Ford.

December 24, moved on the Dandridge road 1 mile from town and remained in line of battle all day, and then encamped.

December 25 and 26, all quiet.

December 27, moved to Mossy Creek and encamped.

December 28, all quiet; division doing heavy picketing and scouting.

December 29, moved to Dandridge, 12 miles, and returned to old camp.

December 30 and 31, all quiet; Third Brigade still across the Holston, near Buffalo Creek. Have found great scarcity of forage this month. Stock is much reduced and in poor condition from lack of forage, shoeing, and heavy service in picketing, scouting, &amp;c. Some 1,200 of the command are dismounted.

No. 43.

Report of Colonel Robert K. Byrd, First Tennessee Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,Kingston, Tennessee, November 24, 1863-4.30 p.m.

A rebel force attacked us this morning about daylight, and we drove them back, taking 12 prisoners, killing 8 of them. The force is said to be from 5,000 to 6,000 strong; we saw a large number. Wheeler is in command. I sent the hull of a steam-boat last night. I hope it will arrive safe. I hear of 20 mules below here; all safe. General Burnside is still in Knoxville; said to be surrounded. We have no communication with him.

Your obedient servant,

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

General GRANT.

No. 44.

Itinerary of the Third Brigade, Colonel Charles D. Pennebaker commanding.*

November 1, the brigade crossed to the south side of the Holston River. From Knoxville marched to Rockford, 10 miles. Encamped near Rockford.

---------------

*From returns for November and December.

---------------

