
November 2, marched to Maryville, 5 miles. Went into camp. Scouting parties sent out daily. Skirmishing with the enemy until the 10th. Moved back to Rockford and remained until the 14th, when the enemy attacked and moved back to Knoxville, and returned as far as Mount Olive (4 miles) same day.

November 15, skirmished all day. Fell back to Knoxville.

November 16, recrossed the river at dark.

November 18, in the morning, met the enemy on the Kingston road, 3 1/2 miles out from Knoxville. Fought him on the 18th, 19th, and 20th. At 3 o'clock was ordered inside the fortifications.

November 22, recrossed to the south side of the river. From that time until the 30th the brigade was engaged in building fortifications and occupying the rifle-pits on the south side of the river, with continued skirmishing during the siege.

December 1, this brigade occupied its place in the rifle-pits on the south side of the Holston River, opposite the city of Knoxville, until the morning of the 5th, when, the enemy having withdrawn his forces from the investment, the mounted forces started in pursuit. The Forty-fifth Ohio Mounted Infantry, forming a part of the Third Brigade, moved 8 miles; came up with rear of the enemy.

December 6, skirmished with him.

December 7, same.

December 8, came up with enemy at Rutledge.

December 9, arrived at Bean's Station, and with one regiment skirmished the enemy at the Holston, on the Morristown road.

December 10, lay in camp.

December 11, made a reconnaissance to Morristown.

December 12, lay in camp.

December 13, skirmished with enemy on the Virginia road and moved camp a half mile back.

December 14, enemy attacked; fought until dark, when we moved back 4 miles.

December 15, took position; skirmished the enemy all day. At night fell back to Rutledge and encamped.

December 16, fell back to Blain's Cross-Roads; skirmished with the enemy all day.

December 17, sent out a reconnaissance 10 miles in the direction of Tazewell; returned in the evening.

December 18, remained in camp at Blain's Cross-Roads.

December 19, remained in camp until night, when the brigade moved 5 miles in the direction of McKinney' Ford.

December 20, moved back to Blain's Cross-Roads and remained in camp all day.

December 21, at 2 p.m. started on a reconnaissance in the direction of Tazewell, and encamped for the night near Maynardville.

December 22, marched to Tazewell and went into camp.

December 23, remained in camp at Tazewell.

December 24, started back in the direction of Blain's Cross-Roads and encamped at Walker's Ford, on Clinch River.

December 25, returned to Blain's Cross-Roads and went into camp.

December 26, remained in camp.

December 27, in the evening moved 10 miles to the front and encamped near the mouth of Buffalo Creek, on the Holston.

December 28, went into camp and remained until December 31, performing picket duty, scouting, guarding ferries, &amp;c.

