
Martin, with his division, moved to Knoxville. One brigade went off on the Clinton road in the direction of Kingston. I think their object is to get forage. I will have information from Rutledge and Clinton by 12 o'clock to-day. I will start General Foster's dispatch at once. Fighting has been going on at Knoxville all day.

Yours, respectfully,

HENRY BOWMAN,

Colonel, and Chief of Staff.

Maj. General JOHN G. FOSTER.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, December 5, 1863.

COLONEL: The scouting party that went to Powder Spring Gap report a large amount of camp fires on the road leading from Blain's Cross-Roads to Rutledge. The soldier that I started with dispatch to Knoxville did not get through, but returned this morning, and reported a column of rebels passing on the road leading from Knoxville to Blain's Cross-Roads; that the column continued all night; that they remarked, on the road, that they were going to Virginia. They expected the Yankees had them surrounded, and that they expected to fight their way out. From all information, it appears that they are moving in the direction of Virginia. Whether their object is to move in our rear or not, I cannot tell, as their movements are mysterious, and hard to understand. My headquarters will be, this morning, 8 miles from the river.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,F. W. GRAHAM,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel JNumbers W. FOSTER,

Commanding Division.

P. S.-My patrol just returned reports, as far as can be relied on, no rebels in the direction of Clinch, except small scouting parties; that they expected to leave here, and would take everything of any value.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with orders, I marched from camp, near the bridge over Powell River, on main Cumberland Gap road, on 27th November, 1863.

My brigade consisted of the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, Colonel Capron commanding; Fifth Indiana Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Butler commanding; Sixty-fifth Indiana Mounted Infantry, Captain Hodge commanding, and Colvin's (Illinois) battery, Captain Colvin commanding. Beside the four guns of Colvin's battery, there were four mountain howitzers, attached to Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, and two 8-inch rifled guns, attached to Fifth Indiana Cavalry. My entire force numbered 10 field and staff officers, 47 company officers, and 1,031 non-commissioned officers and enlisted men, making an aggregate of 1,088.

I moved, via Tazewell, taking the Straight Creek road at that point to within 4 miles of Walker's Ford, where I encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 28th, I crossed Clinch River and bivouacked at Brock's, 4 miles from Walker's Ford, where my command fed. Toward night, moved down the right-hand road, recrossing Clinch River at Headham's Ford, and camped for the night near Headham's Mill.

