
On the morning of the 29th, I moved down Clinch River to Onsley's Ford, where I crossed and took the direct road to Maynardville, where I camped for the night.

On the morning of the 30th, I marched with all of my available force on the main road leading from Maynardville to Knoxville, having previous to starting sent a detachment of Fifth Indiana Cavalry in advance with orders to go to the enemy's pickets and report back as soon as they were found. I had proceeded 15 miles, when a courier reported a small rebel patrolling party on the road, about 4 miles in advance of my main force, and which my advance had driven in. I halted my command at this point, and remained there some time, awaiting further information. On learning there was a force of rebels at or near Blain's Cross-Roads, I moved back to Maynardville and camped for the night, throwing out strong picket force and small patrol parties on all the roads on the front and left.

On morning of December 1,my pickets were attacked at the gap, 4 miles below Maynardville, on Knoxville road. They were speedily re-enforced by detachments from each regiment and two of the Fourteenth's howitzers. More or less firing took place during the day, both parties holding their ground. Scouting parties were also sent out in considerable force during the day. The one on the road leading to Blain's Cross-Roads was driven back, and during the afternoon I had such information as led me to believe that a considerable cavalry force of the enemy was approaching, and by 9 p.m. I became convinced that an attempt would be made to surround and capture my command.

I decided at once to move, but several of my scouting parties being several miles out I could not get my force concentrated till near midnight, when, all being in, I moved quietly on the road to Walker's Ford, leaving Company M, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, at the point where the road from Blain's Cross-Roads comes in, with instructions for a part of it to patrol the road back to Maynardville; proceeding on to Brock's, I halted that the men and horses might be fed. This was about 5 a.m., December 2.

Forage parties were sent out, and rations were being issued as daylight appeared, and my pickets in rear of camp were vigorously attacked. Although my command was tired, men sleepy and hungry, and the natural condition of my camp, after a night's march, somewhat irregular, yet all were under arms and in shape to repel the attack in the very shortest possible time.

I immediately sent the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry to the river and down the road leading from Walker's Ford to Rutledge, feeling confident that I could, with the remainder of my force, keep the enemy in check and make good my retreat to and across the river. Two guns of Colvin's battery were sent to Walker's Ford, with orders to cross and take position on the bank of the river so as to command all the approaches to the fords. By half past seven o'clock my pickets had fallen back to Brock's house, the enemy advancing in such numbers as to compel them to give way at this time. My main force was in position, the Sixty-fifth Indiana on the left of the line, a portion of the Second and Third Battalions, Fifth Indiana Cavalry in center, and one company of the Sixty-fifth Indiana, and one from the Fifth Indiana Cavalry on right. The guns of the Fifth Indiana Cavalry were put in position in rear of center, on a rise of ground, from which they did good service in keeping the enemy in

