
Of the officers and men of my command I cannot speak too highly; fighting as they did, at the least calculation, five times their number, and standing unflinchingly as they did for eight hours before such a superior force, and only retiring from the field for want of ammunition, certainly indicates the highest order of bravery. It is hard to make special mention of any single one when all did so well. I must, however, speak of those who came under my special notice. Lieutenant John O'Neil, Company I, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, my acting assistant adjutant-general, rendered me great assistance in conducting the engagement, was constantly under fire, and was finally wounded and taken from the field. Lieutenant R. P. Finney, Company H, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, my aide-de-camp, proved himself a brave and efficient officer. Captain Hodge, commanding Sixty-fifth Indiana Mounted Infantry, displayed the highest order of bravery, as well as decided good judgment in commanding his force, and I take pleasure in recommending [him] for speedy promotion to the position of a field officer. Lieutenant-Colonel Butler, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, was, as on all previous occasions, cool and determined, and at all times kept control of his men. Adjutant Roberts, Fifth Indiana Cavalry,had his horse shot under him.

I am glad to state that the officers and men of the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry all acted nobly their part. On their efforts depended much of the success of the day.

In conclusion, I have to append a list of casualties, which, under all the circumstances, I am happy to record as small, considering the largely superior force opposed to mine and the closeness of the two during certain portions of the engagement:

Sixty-fifth Indiana Mounted Infantry, 2 men killed and 6 wounded; Fifth Indiana Cavalry, 2 officers wounded and 5 men killed, 10 men wounded and 10 men missing; Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, 7 men wounded. Total, 2 officers wounded and 7 men killed, 23 men wounded and 21 men missing.

Very respectfully,

F. W. GRAHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant J. S. BUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 47.

Report of Colonel Horace Capron, Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,In Camp, near Clinch River, Tennessee, December 4, 1863.

SIR: I would respectfully report that on the morning of the 2nd instant, being ordered to move down the right bank of Clinch River to the forks of the road, 5 miles from Walker's Ford, I moved my command, the Fourteenth Illinois Cavalry, down the river 2 miles until I came to a ford and road leading to Maynardville, intersecting the main road from Maynardville to Walker's Ford, in the rear of the enemy,at that time engaging the remainder of your brigade. Hesitating to proceed farther, I halted my regiment and awaited your orders, sending scouting parties on the Maynardville and river roads. I had hardly received your orders to hold the Maynardville road and river crossing before our advance on the Maynardville road

