
was attacked by the rebels 2 miles from the main body. My regiment was then posted at the river crossing. I immediately sent the Third Battalion to re-enforce the advance, which, after advancing one-half mile, engaged the enemy, our forces taking position in the center of the road running through a narrow gorge, the rebel cavalry advancing in column down the road and charging our center, but were repulsed. The rebels then moved a column on our right and charged our right and center, and were again repulsed at both point. They then deployed skirmishers on both our flanks on the hills and again charged our right. The remainder of my regiment having been placed in position, the Third Battalion was ordered to the rear and reform, which they did, the rebels advancing on our rear line, attacking the whole line with skirmishers. Two companies were sent to the hills to dislodge their sharpshooters, who were annoying our lines, and a rapid and heavy firing was continued through our whole lines.

At 1 p.m. the Third Battalion, with howitzers, were withdrawn to the left bank of the river, the First and Second Battalions still fighting the rebels, but compelled to gradually fall back, over powdered by superior numbers and flanked by sharpshooters. The Third Battalion was immediately deployed on the left bank of the river, and the howitzer battery placed in position. At this moment our position became critical, as their sharpshooters occupied the heights in good range of our position, but were fortunately held in check by our howitzers until, the fire of the rebels gradually slackening and our ammunition nearly exhausted, the main part of my regiment was withdrawn to your command at Walker's Ford, leaving two companies with the small amount of ammunition necessary to hold the ford, which they did until relieved by a regiment of infantry.

The whole command fought with coolness and bravery, and our loss must have been much greater had not the natural position of the ground been greatly advantageous to us-twenty-four officers and 300 men, with the following casualties: Wounded, 7; missing, 11.

The engagement commenced at 10 a.m., continuing until 3 p.m. From information obtained of prisoners, the force attacking us was General Jones' cavalry division, consisting of two brigades.

I would also report the capture of 18 prisoners on the 2nd and 3rd instant.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE CAPRON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant R. P. FINNEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 48.

Report of Brig. General James H. Wilson, U. S. Army, of engineer operations connected with Sherman's march to the relief of Knoxville.
HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tennessee, January 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of engineer operations during the march of Major-General Sherman's command to the relief of Knoxville, East Tenn:

Having been directed by General Grant to join the expedition, I

