
and from 6 to 10 inches square, with uprights of the same sized timber, but only 4 1/2 and 5 feet long. They were framed or bunted together with square joints, and secured by nailing to the uprights pieces of plank sufficiently long to extend from the top of the cap sill to the bottom of the ground sill, and the whole strengthened by diagonal braces of plank nailed on in the same way.

The balks were hewed house logs and rafters from 14 to 20 feet long. From three to five were used in each span. The deck was made of planks taken from the fences and houses, but having a very limited supply of nails and no rope for rack lashings it could not be firmly secured. Side rails were laid on, and in most cases were kept in place only by their own wight.

To give further stability to the bridge, and particularly to guard against the shore thrust, where it was practicable, braces extending from the top of one trestle to the bottom of the one adjacent were set in. As the pioneers could raise only three saws, six axes, a very limited supply of nails, no rope, and but three augers, almost entirely useless, the means of firmly assembling all parts were very limited.

The trestles were set by using one of the flat-boats in the manner prescribed by the pontoon or bridge manual.

With slight repairs, the bridge just described was used by all the troops of Sherman's command in crossing or recrossing except Howard's corps.

I have no official account of the means used by General Howard, but understand that he constructed a foot-bridge for his infantry by using a number of wagons abandoned by the rebels at Loudon. The wagons and artillery went through the ford.

His crossing was made at Davis' Ford, 3 miles above the junction of the Little Tennessee and the Holston.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Captain of Engineers.

Brig. General WILLIAM F. SMITH,

Chief Engineer.

No. 49.

Itinerary of the Second and Third Divisions, Fourth Army Corps (Army of the Cumberland), Maj. General Gordon Granger commanding.*

November 28, ordered to make a forced march to the relief of Knoxville, and moved at once [from Chattanooga], leaving their records, books, papers, and baggage stored at Chattanooga.

December 1, on the march to Knoxville; crossed the Hiwassee River in boats at Kincannon's Ferry, working day and night.

December 3, head of column encamped near Morganton.

December 5, crossed Little Tennessee River at Morganton.

December 6, went into camp, awaiting orders, between Maryville and the Little Tennessee River, and within 12 miles of Knoxville; ordered to Knoxville to hold the place, and reached there the 7th.

---------------

*From returns for November and December.

---------------

