
December 15, ordered to the front of Knoxville, toward Blain's Cross-Roads, holding a defensive position near the latter place until the close of the month.

No. 50.

Itinerary of the Eleventh Army Corps (Army of the Cumberland), Maj. General Oliver O. Howard commanding.*

November 29, corps marches [from Red Clay] to Cleveland; reached that place at 5 p.m.

November 30, 8 a.m., marches to Charleston; went into camp at 1 p.m.

December 1, corps marches to Athens.

December 2, corps marches to Philadelphia.

December 3, corps marches to Loudon, capturing some supplies of the enemy.

December 4, the Eighty-second Illinois Volunteers,sent over the river, takes four guns and a flag abandoned by the rebels.

December 5, 1 a.m., corps marches to Davis' Ford; crossed on a wagon bridge; encamped at night between Unitia and Louisville.

December 6, corps stationary.

December 7, marches to Davis' Ford; crosses the Little Tennessee; and encamps.

December 8, corps marches to Sweet Water; Hecker's brigade to Athens.

December 9, corps marches to Athens; Hecker's brigade to Charleston.

December 10 and 11, corps stationary.

December 12, corps marched to Charleston.

December 13, Second Division marches to Cleveland.

December 14, First Brigade, Third Division, marches to Cleveland.

December 15, Third Division marches to Cleveland.

December 16, corps marches to Tyner's Station.

December 17, marches to Lookout Valley, the former encampment.

No. 51.

Itinerary of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps (Army of the Cumberland), Brig. General Jefferson C. Davis commanding.*

November 29, marched [from Parker's Gap] through McDonald's Gap, and encamped.

November 30, near Cleveland, Tennessee, under orders, with General Sherman's command, to move to the assistance of General Burnside at Knoxville.

December 1, division in the vicinity of Charleston, Tennessee, moving toward Knoxville, with the command of General Sherman, to the

---------------

*From returns for November and December.

---------------

28 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

