
relief of General Burnside. After crossing the Tennessee River, received orders to countermarch by way of Columbus, on the Hiwassee River, to Chattanooga.

December 7 to 14, stationed at Columbus, gathering supplies from that vicinity and using the several mills for grinding.

December 15, marched for Chattanooga, where it arrived on the afternoon, on the 19th, and went into its former camp.

December 26, broke up camp at Chattanooga; marched out and went into camp near Rossville, Ga., where it now remains, doing picket duty, &amp;c. During the campaign in East Tennessee the division marched 240 miles, with but six days' provisions drawn from the Government.

No. 52.

Report of Colonel John M. Loomis, Twenty-sixth Michigan Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps (Army of the Tennessee).

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to report that, pursuant to orders from headquarters Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, I marched from Graysville, Ga., November 29, 1863,on the Cleveland road, following the advance of Colonel Cockerill, and, after a severe march of 25 miles over difficult roads, I bivouacked late a night near Cleveland, on the line of the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad.

On the following day, after having destroyed a portion of the road above mentioned, I marched with my brigade in advance of the division from Cleveland to Charleston, and from thence on the following day to Athens, Tennessee

December 2, the march was resumed, going from Athens, Tennessee, to Philadelphia, and on the 3rd of December, from Philadelphia to the Little Tennessee River, opposite Morganton. Here it was found necessary to build over the river, and while this was being done Colonel Cockerill and myself ferried our respective brigades across the stream and held the opposite bank until the bridge was completed.

December 5, marched from Morganton to Maryville, Tennessee, the present location of the command. This command has been almost entirely subsisted during the march by foraging upon the country, yet it has been done so regular and systematic that no scarcity of provisions has existed nor has straggling, private foraging, or plundering been tolerated, but, on the contrary, men caught at it have been most severely punished. Each day a detail of 4 commissioned officers and 40 men has been sent our with instructions to collect subsistence for the brigade, but in no case to allow pillaging or foraging for the benefit of private individuals. The subsistence thus obtained I have had brought to my headquarters and distributed to the command. In this way I have been able to supply the demands of my men and maintain proper discipline, at the same time I have endeavored, so far as possible, to obtain my supplies from rebels and their sympathizers, and where I have found it absolutely necessary to take the property of loyal citizens I have caused the proper receipts to be given.

