
by the infantry escort, scattering them in every direction. Pursued one column of 400 or 500 men several miles and captured 121 prisoner, including 5 officers and many stand of arms. Wheeler lost several killed and many wounded; among the latter, 2 colonels.

December 30, the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was relieved, by order, from duty with the brigade.

No. 54.

Itinerary of the Cavalry, Army of the Cumberland, Maj. General David S. Stanley and Brig. General Washington L. Elliott commanding.*

Headquarters of cavalry command and First Division remained in camp at Winchester, Tennessee, until November 16. Detachments were sent out various times to drive away guerrillas infesting the neighborhood.

November 1, in an encounter with them at Fayetteville, Tennessee, Captain C. C. Mason, Fourth Indiana Cavalry, was killed.

The Second Division headquarters, with those of the First and Third Brigades, remained at Huntsville, Ala., at the close of the month.

November 18, Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, with detachments of his own and First and Third Brigades, Second Division, 1,500 men in all, under orders from department headquarters, was sent in rear of General Bragg's army, on a raid to Cleveland, where he destroyed 12 miles of railroad between Cleveland and Chattanooga and Cleveland and Dalton. He burned a large rolling-mill, captured 233 prisoners, and brought off his command with but little loss. While returning to Chattanooga, Colonel Long burned, the baggage and headquarters train of the rebel General Wright's division.

November 16, Maj. General D. S. Stanley, U. S. Volunteers, was relieved from duty as chief of cavalry, per Special Field Orders, No. 303, November 12, 1863, headquarters Department of the Cumberland,and on the 19th, at Murfreesborough, turned over the command of the cavalry in the Department of the Cumberland to Brig. General W. L. Elliott, U. S. Volunteers. Colonel E. M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, succeeded General Elliott to the command of the First Division.

Headquarters of the cavalry command and the First Cavalry Division, with First and Second Brigades thereof, marched from Winchester, via Shellbyville and Murfreesborough, to Alexandria, Tennessee, arriving at the latter place November 21. The First Brigade took post at the forks of Auburn and Liberty turnpikes. The Second Brigade was posted at Alexandria, Tennessee

November 25, detachments from the First East Tennessee and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry were sent to Sparta, Tennessee, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Brownlow, First East Tennessee Cavalry, and had frequent skirmishes with a band of guerrillas under the rebel Colonels Hughs and Murray. The detachments invariably routed the rebels, inflicting more severe losses than they suffered, and driving them from their haunts around Sparta. In one of these affairs, Captain Thomas S. McCahan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was severely wounded.

---------------

*From returns for November and December.

---------------

