
November 27, telegraphic orders were received from headquarters Department of the Cumberland, directing Brigadier-General Elliott to march, with the First and Second Brigades, First Division, to Kingston, Tennessee, harass Longstreet's rebel force, and, if unable to find him, to report to Major-General Burnside, commanding Department of the Ohio.

November 28, at daylight, the two brigades marched, and at the end of the month the First Brigade had reached Sparta, Tennessee, and the Second Brigade was ferrying the train of the division over Caney Fork (unfordable), the passage of which retarded the march of the command several days. The weather being exceedingly cold, and ice covering the rope used in ferrying, caused the drowning of 7 men of the Second Indiana Cavalry, through the foundering of a ferry boat. The Third Brigade of the First Division, Colonel L. D. Watkins, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, commanding, remained in camp during the month at Caperton's Ferry, on the Tennessee River, near Stevenson, Ala.

December 1-7, the headquarters of the cavalry command, with the First and Second Brigades of the First Division, remained at Sparta, Tennessee, waiting for the closing up of the column by the arrival of the wagon train from Nashville, loaded with clothing and stores, much needed by the command. Frequent successful skirmishes occurred with the guerrilla bands infesting the vicinity, invariably routing them.

December 7, the column moved across the Cumberland Mountains, passing through Crossville and Post Oak Springs, reaching Kingston on the 11th.

December 14, orders were received from General Foster, commanding Department of the Ohio, for General Elliott to march with his command to Knoxville, re-enforce the cavalry of the Army of the Ohio, and harass Longstreet's army in their retreat toward Virginia.

December 16, moving as ordered, the command reached Armstrong's Ford, on the Holston River, 7 miles above Knoxville, where it had been intended they should cross to the west side of the river, push on toward Morristown, and engage Martin's rebel cavalry; but the stream proved unfordable there for artillery and wagons, so the First Brigade was pushed over to meet the rest of the column at Strawberry Plains, having secured forage for it, if possible. On arriving at that place a ford could not be found, so the brigade on the west side recrossed at McKinney's Ford December 18, and leaving the train at Strawberry Plains the command marched to Nance's Ford, 8 miles above, and reported in possession of the enemy. No enemy was found nor any fording, so the two brigades counter-marched to McKinney's Ford; the First Brigade again crossed there.

December 18, during the night the river rose 4 feet, rendering it necessary to wait its fall, when the Second Brigade and train returned to Strawberry Plains.

December 23, the river falling, the Second Brigade and Lilly's battery crossed, joined the First Brigade, and pushed on to New Market.

December 24, Brigadier-General Sturgis, chief of cavalry of the Army of the Ohio, and by seniority commanding the cavalry of the Departments of the Ohio and Cumberland, detached the First Brigade of the First Division, Colonel A. P. Campbell commanding, to march to Dandridge, in conjunction with some of his own cavalry, and cut off a rebel brigade supposed to be there. At Hay's Ferry

