HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,Dandridge, December 13, 1863-6 p.m.

GENERAL: I have just received the order to move with my command to Morristown to protect a telegraph party sent out from Strawberry Plains.

My pickets were attacked at 10 o'clock this morning by a small scouting party of the enemy sent out (as prisoners assert) from Bull's Gap. I happened to be near the picket post at the time and immediately pursued them with the reserve, on the Bull's Gap road, and succeeded in capturing 6 of them belonging to the---Arkansas cavalry, after a chase of 6 miles. We got their horses, arms, and saddles. I send the 6 prisoners to you herewith, together with 1 other belonging to Wheeler's cavalry, whom we captured in a recent skirmish with a battalion of Indians, under Colonel Thomas, at Gatlinburg. Also a rebel soldier named Hightower, belonging to Buckner's command, reported to me since writing the last sentence.

I have sent three companies under Lieutenant Mather at once to Mossy Creek, which they will reach before midnight, and will start with the balance of my command at about daybreak on the direct road to Morristown. I hope, however, it will not be necessary to remain very long at Morristown as I am better able to watch operations of the enemy by being farther to the east. I have sent scouting parties out to Newport and the mouth of Chucky, who will report by morning.

I am, general, very respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel.

Brigadier-General SPEARS,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Strawberry Plains.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,Dandridge, December 13, 1863-8 p.m. (Received 15th.)

GENERAL: From interrogation of the prisoners I send you, who left their camp at about 4 p.m. yesterday, 12th instant, at 5 miles this side of Bull's Gap, I feel satisfied that Armstrong's division of rebel cavalry is encamped at that point (5 miles this side of Bull's Gap), and that the other division, formerly Martin's, now Morgan's, of Alabama, was encamped not far from Armstrong's, toward Rogersville.

The prisoners belong to a party who were sent out on a scout. They say their instructions were to find out whether or not there were any Federals in this direction, and that they think the expectation of their cavalry was to come down this way and attempt to join Bragg either this side or the other of Great Smoky Mountain.

Martin now commands all their cavalry, which they say consists only of Armstrong's and Morgan's divisions, and of Jones' command from Virginia.

The point referred to is 23 miles from here.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General SPEARS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Strawberry Plains.

