HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,Dandridge, December 14, 1863-7 a.m.

GENERAL: A scouting party of citizens of this neighborhood sent out by me yesterday evening have returned. They went out a distance of 13 miles from Dandridge, where the road from here to Bull's Gap intersects the road leading from Morristown to Warm Springs, via mouth of Chucky; at that point they were within half a mile of the rebel cavalry pickets. The information they got from Union citizens was that a train of about one thousand wagons left Morristown, on last Thursday morning before day on the road to Warm Springs; that they went as far as the mouth of Chucky without crossing, and on Friday morning returned to the intersection of the road from Dandridge to Bull's Gap, and took up the road to Bull's Gap, the last of them passing that intersection late on Friday night. They also learned that the enemy's cavalry was stationed yesterday evening at Russellville, and on the road from Dandridge to Bull's Gap, 7 miles this side of the gap and at McClester's, close to the Chucky River, on the road leading from Russellville to Chucky Bend-five brigades in all. Rebel scouts had informed citizens of a skirmish at Russellville on Saturday last with our cavalry.

A scouting party of 42 of the enemy came yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock to the intersection of the road leading from Morristown with the road to Bull's Gap at Widow Kimbrough's.

They appeared to be very much excited, made only a slight halt, and returned immediately toward Bull's Gap. I start at once for Morristown, to protect the telegraph party's operations, having sent three companies yesterday evening to Mossy Creek, which they reached about midnight.

My pickets were attacked here yesterday morning at 11 o'clock by a small scouting party of rebels sent out from their camp near Bull's Gap. We pursued them with the picket reserve, and captured 6, belonging to Armstrong's division, with their horses and arms.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General PARKE,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,2 Miles E. of Mossy Creek, Monday, December 14, 1863-10 p.m.

GENERAL: I started from Dandridge this morning, on the direct road to Morristown, expecting there to meet the three companies of cavalry that I sent from Dandridge to Mossy Creek last night. When within 4 miles of Morristown, a little beyond McFarland's place, I heard firing on my left, on the cross-road to Panther Springs, a point on the Knoxville and Morristown road 5 miles this side of Morristown.

I found that the firing was at the rear of my three companies, who had gone on this morning to within a half mile of Morristown, where they drove in the rebel cavalry pickets, but being pursued by a force they considered too large for them, and learning that there was a heavy body of the enemy's cavalry in Morristown, they had retired by the cross-road referred to to make the junction with me.

I then crossed, with a portion of my command, by the Panther Springs road, to the Knoxville and Morristown road, pursued the

