HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,Evans' Ford, December 17, 1863-5 p.m.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that a scout, who went within sight of their fires last evening,has reported to me this afternoon that he saw what he considered to be one brigade of rebel cavalry at a point on the Morristown and Strawberry Plains road 2 miles beyond New Market at about dark yesterday evening (December 16); that their pickets, 30 number, were at New Market, and that another picket was stationed at James Brazilton's, where the road from New Market intersects the Rocky Valley road (leaving from Dandridge to Strawberry Plains); that these pickets were posted at those points at about dark. He also understood that there was another brigade of cavalry back near Mossy Creek.

Finding that the French Broad at my back was rising rapidly, I re-crossed it this afternoon at this point, 3 miles from Shady Grove, where I camped last night.

I got across with difficulty, and the river is now past fording, in my opinion, at any point between the mouth of Chucky and the Holston.

A small party of 11 rebels entered my camp at Shady Grove a few hours after we left it, and 6 were seen about dark on the opposite side of the river a mile above this. Whether the 11 rebels were a small scouting party, or the advance of a larger force sent to attack us, I do not know; but incline to the latter opinion, from the fact 2 rebel citizens living near Shady Grove, whom we had under arrest last night, escaped during the night.

I sent out two scouting parties this morning, one to Newport, up this side of the French Broad, and another, of Lieutenant Gregg and 26 men, toward Panther Springs. Neither have yet returned, and I have same apprehensions that the last-mentioned party will find a force of rebels in their rear. I have two boats ready to cross them here, and have sent word by a citizen to Dandridge to have them cross there if they pass through that place.

Please inform me where General Elliott's cavalry is, of the Army of the Cumberland.

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GOURLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,On Dumpling Creek, December 23, 1863-3 p.m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I scouted with my command yesterday evening on the Bend of Chucky road from Dandridge to within 4 miles of Mosier's Mills, 14 miles from Dandridge, and close to the intersection of the Dandridge and Bend of Chucky road with the road running from Morristown to Warm Springs via mouth of Chucky and Newport. At said point I was about 4 miles below and to the west of mouth of Chucky. I reached that point at about 7 p.m. and found a small detail of rebel cavalry, who had been sent from Bean's Station on Sunday last, with directions to gather cattle and report with them to Morristown as soon as possible. We captured 5 of these men, together with 30 head of cattle, which they were guarding; also 18 horses. I wish to retain 6 head of these cattle,

