HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,Hale's,at the Foot of Flat Gap, December 23, 1863-7 p.m.

COLONEL: I have just moved here from Dumpling Valley. I ascertained this afternoon from my scouting parties that a large force of the enemy's cavalry was advancing toward Dandridge on the Morristown and Dandridge road. One of my companies attacked their advance guard of one company at Dandridge, scattering them, when it was in turn attacked by the enemy's reserve. We took 4 prisoners, losing nothing.

My rear has skirmished with the rebel advance in retiring on the road from Dandridge to this place, but the rear is now up and there is no pursuit. The prisoners confirm the statements of my scouts and of citizens who came to me to-day on Dumpling Creek, that John T. Morgan's division, composed of Colonel Crews' and Colonel Russell's brigades (the latter with six pieces of artillery), left Panther Springs, 13 miles from New Market,on the Morristown road, and crossed over to the Dandridge and Bull's Gap road,on which they advanced toward Dandridge; the advanced company having been sent ahead at about noon from Widow Kimbrough's, 8 miles from Dandridge. It was from this company we got the prisoners. General Martin, chief of the enemy's cavalry, is along with Morgan's division. There are five regiments in Russell's brigade and four reported in Crew's brigade. The prisoners belong to the Fourth Alabama, whose adjutant informed them this morning there were 250 men in their regiment. There are only two brigades in this division.

The prisoners say that Armstrong's division went up the Holston on the other side-they think to Noyes' Ferry, opposite Morristown. I send you also 5 prisoners we captured yesterday near mouth of Chucky; also 24 head of cattle (of 30 we captured with a rebel guard near mouth of Chucky yesterday). Morgan's division forded the Holston River near Panther Springs. Some action should be taken immediately, as both brigades are probably in Dandridge, although Crew's brigade may have kept on from Widow Kimbrough's to the mouth of Chucky. I should like to consult with you in regard to the course to be pursued, as I have become tolerably familiar with the roads hereabouts. Is General Elliott with you? Where is the rest of our cavalry?

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel E. M. McCOOK.

No. 56.

Reports of Brig. General James G. Spears, U. S. Army, commanding First East Tennessee Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Near Loudon, Tennessee, December 6, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders from Major-General Granger, I arrived with my command at Kingston on the evening of the 3rd instant. A dispatch from you was handed me in an hour or so after my arrival, in which the senior officer at Kingston was directed to collect the forces at Kingston, and on the appearance of the steamer Paint Rock, then coming up the river, to move forward with the forces, the right flank to rest on the river, a small force to be left at Kingston as a garrison.

