
I, being the senior officer commanding First Tennessee Brigade, assumed command of all the forces there, consisting, in addition to the Tennessee Brigade, of the First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps, Colonel Mott (four regiments), and the First Tennessee Mounted Infantry, Colonel Byrd, together with battalion Third Indiana Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Klein, and eight pieces of artillery attached to my brigade, and nine pieces artillery attacked to Colonel Mott's brigade, in all, eight regiments of infantry (one mounted), battalion cavalry, and seventeen pieces artillery.

I moved forward with all of the above forces, excepting Colonel Byrd and his regiment, then on picket duty on the river, whom I left at Kingston with orders to draw in his force and to aid and assist in getting the steamer up from off White Creek Shoals, where I was informed by Lieutenant-Colonel Remick, chief commissary subsistence, that she was aground. I sent two experienced pilots, well acquainted with the river and channel, to assist the steamer in getting through, and supposed she would get to Kingston by the next morning, December 4. Colonel Byrd was further instructed that should it be necessary he would press every wagon in the country and unload the supplies from the steamer and bring then up, especially the ammunition, or at least lighten the steamer so as to get her off the shoals.

I was informed that quite a large cavalry force of the enemy were in my front, and that their pickets were within 4 miles of Kingston. I deemed it most prudent (expecting the boat to arrive every moment on the morning of the 4th) to move forward with my force, which I did, accordingly, by three different routes, throwing a force around on the river bank. In about 4 miles from Kingston we drove in the rebel pickets and proceeded on to a point 10 miles from Kingston, having skirmished with and drove the enemy before us, occupying their camps on the night of the 4th, with headquarters at Mrs. Beazeal's. We captured 26 prisoners, some horses and equipments.

On the morning of the 5th, I learned by dispatch from Colonel Byrd that he had ordered the steamer to return to Chattanooga, and to get a lighter boat, the Paint Rock being too heavy for the purpose, and unable to get over the shoals. I had instructed Colonel Byrd to unload the boat and lighten her up, so as to get her over the shoals. I arrived here yesterday, and am at a loss what to do-whether to remain and wait for a boat or to proceed on to Knoxville.

The enemy that we routed is reported by citizens and prisoners to be 2,000. I am certain that there are 1,000, and perhaps, 1,500, and will not exceed 2,000. They went on the main Knoxville road toward Knoxville, a small number going in the direction of Loudon.

On arriving here I found six pieces of cannon, abandoned by the enemy. The retreating rebels had eight pieces with them. They are Wheeler's command, under Colonel Hart.

I shall remain here until further orders. I have sent several dispatches to both Major-General Granger and to you, but have not heard a word from either up to this morning. All is quiet. I am foraging for subsistence and forage here in the country. I think we can do very well here as for meat, but the bread question is what troubles us, but I believe we can subsist for a while, both as to the animals and men.

I remain, general, yours, &amp;c., waiting for instructions,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, &c.

Major-General SHERMAN.

