HEADQUARTERS,Strawberry Plains, December 15, 1863-8 a.m.

GENERAL: I have just received a lengthy dispatch from Colonel Palmer, commanding Anderson Cavalry, which will reach you to-day by courier. The substance is that he with his command advanced to near Morristown, and found a division of cavalry there and in that vicinity, and that it is unsafe to go into Morristown, and thinks likely a rebel raid will be made down the river and perhaps to this place.

Colonel Palmer had, with the telegraph party and escort, fallen back to a point 15 miles above this place and awaits further orders. Colonel Palmer dispatches also that he heard cannonading between Morristown and Bean's Station.

I have thought it advisable to telegraph to you the substance of the dispatch in advance of the dispatch, that you may give such instructions by telegraph as you may see proper.

Respectfully,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General FOSTER.

NEAR NANCY'S FERRY, December 16, 1863.

GENERAL: I arrived here and proceeded at once to station the proper pickets, both infantry and cavalry. The cavalry pickets I have supported by infantry. All is quiet. It is reported that the enemy are 15 miles from here, and some say 8 miles; the same is mere rumor.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General PARKE.

UNITED STATES FORCES,

River Road, near Nance's Ferry, December 17, 1863.

GENERAL: I have reliable information that a rebel force crossed the river above here last night at Stone's Ferry, 4 miles from here. I hear firing this morning in the direction of Strawberry Plains, resembling the skirmishing of pickets, and I think it more than likely that they have gone down the river on the south side and attacked the pickets there. There was 1 man killed on outpost last night, but all is quiet now.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

Major-General PARKE.

UNITED STATES FORCES,

Richland Creek, December 17, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy have attacked and driven in both my cavalry and infantry pickets, and are in force, both mounted and dismounted

