
forces. I am momentarily expecting the attack on me in force; the firing had commenced. I have about 900 men that will do as much as any other 900 can.

Yours, respectfully,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General.

General PARKE.

NEAR NANCE'S FERRY, December 17, 1863.

GENERAL: Yours is at hand. I have my whole force on the southeast side of Richland Creek, and maintain my position as yet. The battery,however, is on the northwest side and has a good position. The enemy is still advancing and has driven my pickets pretty well all in. Their line of battle is within 600 yards of my position. They are on foot and horseback, with artillery. We have had heavy skirmishing, the enemy evidently intending to make feints both on my right and left flanks. They have been promptly met and repelled. We will endeavor to do our whole duty as well as we can.

Yours, with respect,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General PARKE.

UNITED STATES FORCES,

Southeast Side Richland Creek, December 17, 1863.

GENERAL: Yours of to-day is at hand, in obedience to which I immediately forward to you ---- ----, who is well acquainted with the fords from Strawberry Plains up. I can also inform you that Mill's Ford and Nance's Ford are both fordable, having been forded to-day. Both of these fords are above the mouth of Richland Creek. I have held my ground and have advanced my forces some; the enemy make bold demonstrations, but do not seem to take hold. They have withdrawn from sight and I have thrown forward three companies as skirmishers to feel of them. They have been gone about fifteen minutes,and no report yet.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

Major-General PARKE.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST EAST TENNESSEE BRIGADE,Richland Creek, December 18, 1863.

GENERAL: Your dispatch just received. All is quiet in my front, and nothing demonstrated by the enemy since last night. I dispatches you yesterday evening of the position I occupied. My skirmishers advanced about one-half mile and drew the fire of the enemy's artillery, and then fell back to the former position first occupied by me on arriving where they now are. On my left, and across the creek, is stationed Colonel Bond, with one brigade of cavalry, dismounted, in support of my artillery, which has a fine position on the other side, on a hill. My line extends on the right to a point some 400 yards from Richland Creek, there connecting with our forces, whom, I am informed, are a part of the Ninth Army

29 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

