
STEVENSON, October 24, 1863-8.30 p.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

The following just received from Bridgeport:

The steamer will probably be done next Sunday night. One or two necessary parts of the engine are not here yet. Every exertion will be made to have her fit to move Monday next. She will be launched to-morrow.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

The roads being impassable, I have to depend on the cars for the movement of the Twelfth Corps. If they don't fail me, I can have one division, as ordered, of the Twelfth Corps there. The Eleventh Corps have one brigade at Battle Creek and an advance post at Sequatchie River. From the order, I take it these are to be concentrated; also a portion of the pontoon bridge is in use at Battle Creek, crossing a portion at Sequatchie River. How much there is not in use at these points I am not informed. Detachments of the Pioneer Brigade, under the orders of chief engineer, I suppose have them in charge. They have never been reported to me or put under my command.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, October 24, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

No change in the movement as ordered by telegraph. Following copy of dispatch, from headquarters, is forwarded for you information and government:

CHATTANOOGA, October 24, 1863.

You will leave General Slocum,with one division of the Twelfth Corps, to guard the railroad from Murfreesborough to Bridgeport.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

Acknowledge this and the dispatch of yesterday. The general desires the division that can be quickest at Bridgeport be placed there.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, October 25, 1863-10.45 a.m.

Major-General HOWARD:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness to move at 9 a.m. to-morrow, with three days' cooked rations, without wagons. Those on south side of Tennessee can be picked up as you go along. The balance of your command concentrate in readiness for the move, except the regiment ordered to Battle Creek and battery to Rankin's Ferry.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

