
Corps. I have just been shown a dispatch by General Elliott speaking of line of couriers extending from the right of your line of battle to my left. I have no information of there being any courier there; it has not been reported to me. General Elliott, with a part of his division, has arrived; of this you have been notified by dispatch.

Very respectfully,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

Major-General PARKE.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST EAST Tennessee BRIGADE,Richland Creek, December 18, 1863-3 p.m.

GENERAL: There has nothing transpired in my immediate front to-day. I have ordered skirmishers to be thrown forward, which was done. They returned; report large smoke, indicating a large force some 2 miles up the river, extending from the river to the road and beyond the road. Three mounted pickets approached my lines this morning, and, upon being fired on, withdrew. The road from here to Nance's Ferry is clear of any rebel force, they not having returned since being driven back yesterday evening by my skirmishers. The river at Nance's Ford is not fordable. General Elliott's cavalry arrived here and returned in a few hours to-day, the same way that it came. I maintain my position statu quo.

I remain, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

3.10 p.m.

Two women, said to be Union ladies, have just come through the rebel lines in my immediate front, and report a heavy force of cavalry and infantry (rebel) about 4 miles up the road.

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, &c.

Major-General PARKE.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST EAST Tennessee BRIGAGE,Richland Creek, December 19, 1863.

GENERAL: All is quiet in my front to-day. I made a reconnaissance this morning some 3 1/2 miles up the road to where the enemy had his outposts last night; they fled, but were visible upon the Indian Ridge, about three-quarters of a mile from where we went to. I do not believe that they are in very strong force; all cavalry and mounted infantry; they perhaps have a battery. When they made the attack,the citizens who live up the country say that three regiments dismounted; two of them formed a line of battle and one held in reserve. There was a considerable number of cavalry also held in reserve, as well as cavalry on each flank. They are encamped from 4 miles above here, extending up to Masengale's Mill, 8 miles, which mill and a distillery they are running. The Holston has risen from 4 to 6 feet. Richland Creek is not fordable for 2 miles up from its mouth, the first mile being too deep in consequence of backwater from the river-which is now up to the mill-dam-the second mile in consequence of backwater from the dam. The bridge is the only means of crossing Richland for 2 miles from its mouth up, and that can be destroyed in a very few minutes, if it becomes necessary.

