
I have reliable information from the south side of the river, and that is, there are a few rebels in New Market and some at Dandridge. I further understand that Colonel Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry,is now on the south side of French Broad River. There is some forage north of here, between me and where the rebels are encamped on this side, but near their picket lines. If you desire it, and will send a section of artillery and two regiments, I will take one of my regiments and go up there and gather it for you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General,&amp;c.

Major-General PARKE.
HDQRS. FIRST EAST Tennessee BRIGADE, U. S. FORCES,Richland Creek, December 22, 1863.

GENERAL: I have just been informed by Captain Haworth, Third Tennessee Infantry,who is returned from a reconnaissance from my front, that the enemy are advancing on my line. A Union lady reports to me the same information, and says the whole force are coming this way. Their pickets are this side of the position I occupied while out yesterday morning with my command. They occupy the hill where I had the section of artillery posted, and at the point where you found me yesterday. They are in force. I am on the alert with my command and shall not permit them to come farther than is possible.

Yours, &c.,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, &c.

Maj. General J. G. PARKE,

Blain's Cross-Roads, Tennessee

No. 57.

Organization of the Troops in East Tennessee under command of Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army, November 30, 1863.*

LONGSTREET'S CORPS.

M'LAWS' DIVISION.

Maj. General LAFAYETTE McLAWS,

Kershaw's Brigade.

2nd South Carolina, Colonel John D. Kennedy.

3rd South Carolina, Colonel James D. Nance.

7th South Carolina, Colonel D. Wyatt Aiken.

8th South Carolina, Colonel John W. Henagan.

15th South Carolina, Colonel Joseph F. Gist.

3rd South Carolina Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel William G. Rice.

Humphreys' Brigade.

13th Mississippi, Colonel Kennon McElroy.

17th Mississippi, Colonel William D. Holder.

18th Mississippi, Colonel Thomas M. Griffin.

21st Mississippi, Colonel William L. Brandon.

Wolfford's Brigade.

16th Georgia, Colonel Henry P. Thomas.

18th Georgia, Colonel S. Z. Ruff.

24th Georgia, Colonel Robert McMillan.

Cobb's Legion, Lieutenant Colonel Luther J. Glenn.

Phillips Legion, Lieutenant Colonel E. S. Barclay.

3rd Georgia Battalion Sharpshooters, Lieutenant Colonel N. L. Hutchins, jr.

Bryan's Brigade.

10th Georgia, Colonel John B. Weems.

50th Georgia, Colonel Peter McGlashan.

51st Georgia, Colonel Edward Ball.

53rd Georgia, Colonel James P. Simms.

---------------

*Including Ransom's division of the Department of Western Virginia and East Tennessee. The commanders, except in Ransom's division, are given as reported for November 20.

---------------

