
As we did not succeed in bringing the enemy to battle, there was but little opportunity for personal distinction on the part of subordinate officers. I should mention, however, Brig. General B. R. Johnson for his fine march from Cloud's Creek to Bean's Station (about 16 miles over very bad roads), and for his handsome attack upon the enemy's cavalry, driving him steadily back. Brigadier-General Gracie (who was severely wounded) and Brigadier-General Kershaw for their very creditable parts in the same affair. Brigadier-General Jenkins for his vigorous pursuit from Lenoir's Station. Brigadier-Generals Anderson, Humphreys, and Bryan for their gallant assault on the enemy's fort at Knoxville on November 29.

Colonel Ruff, of the Eighteenth Georgia Regiment, had command of Wofford's brigade in the same assault. He was killed at the ditch. He was a very promising officer, and is a great loss to the service and his country.

In this assault Colonel McElroy, Thirteenth Mississippi Volunteers, and Colonel Thomas, Sixteenth Georgia Volunteers, also fell. Their bodies were afterward found in the ditch of the fort foremost in the attack.

Lieutenant-Colonel Fiser, Seventeenth Mississippi, lost an arm after having mounted the parapet.

Lieutenant Cumming, adjutant of the Sixteenth Georgia Volunteers,with great gallantry rushed up to the fort with 10 or 12 of his men, and made his way through an embrasure to the interior, where the party was finally captured.

The conduct of Captain Foster, of Jenkins' brigade,who had charge of the select party thrown across the Tennessee on the night of November 13, was highly creditable, both as to the coolness of the officer and the skill with which his party was handled.

Lieutenant-Colonel Logan had at various times through the campaign control of the line of skirmishers of Hood's division, and always managed it with courage and skill.

The conduct of Captain Winthrop has already been noticed. The gallantry of this officer on the occasion referred to was most conspicuous, and had the happiest effect in leading the troops over the enemy's cover, at which they had faltered.

Colonel Alexander, chief of artillery, is entitled to great credit for his untiring efforts and zeal throughout he campaign and during the siege.

I desire to express my obligations to the officers of my staff-Lieutenant-Colonel Sorrel, Major Latrobe, Major Fairfax, Major Walton, Lieutenant Goree, Lieutenant Dunn, Lieutenant-Colonel Manning, and Captain Manning (signal officer)-for their usual assistance and attention.

My aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Dunn, was severely wounded in the leg during the siege of Knoxville.

In the absence of Lieutenant-Colonel Manning, chief of ordnance, during the greater portion of the campaign, the affairs of his department were well conducted by his assistant, Lieutenant Dawson.

Major Moses, chief commissary; Major Taylor, chief quartermaster; Captain Potts, assistant quartermaster, and Surgeons Cullen and Barksdale displayed their usual intelligence and energy in the administration of their respective departments.

I refer to the reports of the chief commissary of subsistence and chief quartermaster for information in regard to the condition of their departments upon our arrival at Sweet Water; also to the

30 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

