
accompanying copies of letters in explanation of our affairs at the beginning and during the progress of the campaign.

As the case of Brigadier-General Robertson has more or less important bearing upon the campaign,it should be mentioned in this report. As his division commander had made several complaints of his incompetency, it was suggested to me by higher authority that I should ask for a board of officers to examine and report upon his case. It was suggested at the same time that when he was relieved to attend the board another brigadier could be sent to the brigade. The board of officers was asked for by me and ordered by the commanding general; but the brigadier was left in command of the brigade. He seemed to exercise an injurious influence over the troops, and I was induced again to ask that he be relieved. An order was issued relieving the officer at my request. When the troops were started upon the campaign I found to my surprise that Brigadier-General Robertson had been ordered back to the command of his brigade. The letters and orders in the case are a part of this report. Brigadier-General Robertson is now in arrest under charges of a serious character.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS,Russellville, East Tennessee, January 19, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: In my report of the campaign in East Tennessee I neglected to state that Brigadier-General Law,with his own and Brigadier-General Robertson's brigade, was ordered to make a diversion on the south side of the Holston at the same time that the attack was made on the enemy's fort by Major-General McLaws,and that he succeeded in turning the enemy's position and got possession of his trenches at the point of his attack. This diversion on the south side I have learned since had the effect to prevent the reserve intended for the enemy's fort re-enforcing there, and that there was but 150 men in the fort, and that at one time it was virtually surrendered, but that our troops did not enter, and the enemy recovered courage and again opened fire. May I ask the favor to have this attached as part of my report of the campaign?

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS CORPS, November 1, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to ask that Brig. General J. B. Robertson be relived from the command of his brigade pending the proceedings of the board now examining his case. This officer has been complained of so frequently for want of conduct in time of battle

