
I have no authority to order courts, and have therefore to ask that a court be ordered for the trial of Brig. General J. B. Robertson. General McLaws was not arrested when he was relieved from duty here, for the reason that it was supposed that his services might be important to the Government in some other position. If such is the case, I have no desire that he should be kept from that service, or that his usefulness should be kept way by a trial.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 5, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

JANUARY 6, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the consideration of the President.

Shall General Longstreet's earnest request to be relieved be granted? Shall the court to try the charges against General McLaws and General Robertson be ordered?

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

It will be proper to consider the question of a successor before deciding that of relieving the present commander.

The charges against Major-General McLaws seem to imply that Lieutenant-General Longstreet, commanding, had ordered those things to be done the failure to do which are charged, and in that event the fault was very grave.

When the interests of the service will permit (the charges requiring investigation) let the court be assembled.

J.[DAVIS.]

JANUARY 11, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Might not a court be assembled at Bristol or Abingdon during the present pause in operations, or, if General Longstreet be relieved, in this city?

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

JANUARY 14, 1864.

I think the court had better be assembled at Russellville, where, I presume, all the witnesses are, or in vicinity, and especially as General Longstreet himself may be required as a witness.

Respectfully submitted.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

JANUARY 16, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Your suggestion approved. Can you recommend a court?

J. A. [SEDDON,]

Secretary.

