
GORDONSVILLE, April 26, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Have the additional charge and specification preferred against General Law been received at your office?

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 27, 1864.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET:

All the charges against General Law have been received. They are not entertained, and he has been ordered to resume his command.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 30, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of charges preferred by Lieutenant-General Longstreet against Brigadier-General Law.*

They were sent to me when the original were forwarded by General Longstreet to Richmond for attention. Not supposing that any action on my part would be necessary, I did not consider them when I notified General Longstreet that Brigadier-General Law's brigade had been ordered to join him. I informed him that I had been advised that the charges had not been entertained, and that Brigadier-General Law had been restored to duty. Upon the reception of General Longstreet's reply, which I inclose, I examined the charges against General Law, and find them of a very grave character. I think it due to General Law, as well as to the interests of the service, that they should be investigated, and that his innocence or guilt should be declared by a court-martial. There have been instances of officers obtaining indulgences on not the true grounds, which I think discreditable and prejudicial to military discipline, and should be stopped. The only doubt in my ming in this case, is as to the expediency of convening a court at this time. If it is thought unadvisable to do so, I would recommend that General Law be relieved from duty until an investigation can be had.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 5, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President, with the original charges against General Law, being the same as the copies herewith.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MAY 18, 1864.

The Secretary of War, being fully informed of the facts in relation to the conduct of General Law in the matter of resignation,

---------------

*See pp. 471,472.

---------------

