
No. 60.

Report of Captain Frank Potts, Assistant Quartermaster, C. S. Army.

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, LONGSTREET'S COMMAND,

Russellville, Tennessee, December 26, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of this date, conveying to me the desire of the lieutenant-general commanding that I should report condition of the transportation of the command at the time of its arrival at Sweet Water, Tennessee

This command reached the Army of Tennessee without transportation, but received from various sources enough to give us, on October 14, within 143 wagons of the quantity allowed by General Orders, No. 182, Army Headquarters. Subsequent to that time and previous to our leaving Chickamauga we received more transportation, reducing our deficiency to 30 wagons. I would remark that while before Chattanooga we drew forage and subsistence stores altogether from the railroad station, thus relieving us of the pressing necessity for a supply train; the want of which, however, became apparent soon as we moved from a line of railroad. We reached Sweet Water 30 wagons short of the transportation allowed us, while all our supplies were delivered at the railroad terminus 8 miles off, and opportunities given to make every wagon available by unloading baggage. While at Sweet Water our supplies for men and horses had to be collected and many wagons had to be repaired, which reduced the number available. We had no supply trains for either division, and were 25 wagons short of the artillery ordnance transportation required by General Orders, No. 182.

Major M. B. McMicken, chief quartermaster, Army of Tennessee, informed me that 70 wagons for a supply train would report to me at Sweet Water. Thirty-nine wagons reported, 4 of which were forge or baggage wagons, leaving 35 for distribution to the two divisions. One day after the troops marched to Loudon 25 more arrived, which I had loaded with artillery ammunition and sent to the front. While we were numerically short of transportation,the condition of what we had was beyond all question the worst I ever saw; wagons frequently breaking down, mules just able in a large proportion of cases to carry their harness, harness much worn, and many teams without collars or saddles.

I have the honor to be, colonel, with much respect, your obedient servant,

FRANK POTTS,

Captain, and Assistant Quartermaster, Longstreet's Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Asst. Adjt. Gen.

No. 61.

Report of Major R. J. Moses, Commissary of Subsistence, C. S. Army, Chief Commissary.

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY, ETC.,

Russellville, January 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that when we left Tyner's Station for Sweet Water we were without meat rations. I applied to General

