
each, all efforts to supply these deficiencies having proved unavailing.

The artillery rendezvoused at Tyner's Station on November 4, 1863. The horses and wagons were the next day dispatched to march to Sweet Water Station, the men and guns to follow by rail after the infantry. Owing to the inefficiency of the railroad transportation the last of the artillery only reached Sweet Water Station on the morning of November 13, when the whole of it marched immediately, accompanying the infantry, to the vicinity of Loudon. That night a pontoon bridge was commenced, and my battalion was posted to cover the crossing should the enemy oppose it.

On the evening of the 14th, the infantry having commenced to cross, a force of the enemy approached from above and engaged our advance skirmishers. Captain Parker immediately moved his battery to their support and contributed to the repulse of the enemy.

On the 15th, the corps marched to Lenoir's Station, the batteries being distributed along the column. On arriving near the station the enemy were found in line of battle awaiting us, and although the sun was already setting, an attack was ordered by General Longstreet, and the dispositions for it commenced. Darkness, however, fell before one-half of the column could be deployed into line, and the night being rainy and the ground rough, wooded, and unknown, the attack was necessarily postponed until dawn. Our lines advancing at this hour found the enemy in retreat.

The pursuit was immediately ordered on two roads, General Jenkins on the right, General McLaws on the left (the two roads uniting at Campbell's Station), half the artillery accompanying each column. The right column arrived at about 12 m. at Campbell's Station, the left about 2 p.m., and the enemy was found in line in a strong position. General Jenkins being sent around his right flank, I was ordered to attack him in from with the artillery, which I did with fight of a half hour the enemy fell back so rapidly as to avoid the flank attack of General Jenkins.

