
On the 14th, my battalion accompanied the infantry in the march and attack upon the enemy at Bean's Station, Parker's and Taylor's batteries in front, the others in the middle of the column. The intense cold and high wind unfortunately delayed the march, nearly freezing the ragged and shoeless drivers. Parker's and Taylor's batteries were engaged, and advanced with the foremost infantry, and sustained the fight alone until sundown, when, the other batteries arriving (all had marched 16 miles that day), I advanced Moody's Parker's, and Taylor's batteries within 400 yards of the enemy's line of battle. Darkness, and the advance of Kershaw's brigade upon the enemy's left flank coming near our line of fire, alone prevented our making a heavy slaughter of the enemy. During the night they retreated,and have avoided all subsequent efforts to engage them.

We encamped near Bean's Station until December 22, when we crossed the Holston River at Cobb's Ford, and on the 23rd established winter quarters near Russellville. The battery of Leyden's battalion left at Loudon was thrown into the river there by General Vaughn on the evacuation of that place for lack of animals to remove it. The guns were brass 6-pounders (2) and iron 12-pounder howitzers (2). No other loss of material was suffered in the campaign except a limber in Major Leyden's battalion destroyed by the enemy's shot. But 2 men were killed and 2 wounded in the artillery, and a very few horses killed or disabled. Major Huger commanded my own battalion, I being assigned as chief of artillery of the corps.

The highest praise is due to officers and men of both battalions for gallantry on the field, and the patience and fortitude with which they endured their labors and exposure to the inclement weather, with only the summer allowance of blankets and tents, and in great need of clothing and shoes.

One of my most gallant officers (Captain G. V. Moody) was compelled to be left dangerously ill at a private house near Knoxville, and must have fallen into the hands of the enemy.

The artillery horses suffered severely and some were lost for lack of horseshoes. Our only source of supply for over a month was what could be collected from dead horses on the roadside and those thrown in the river opposite Knoxville by the enemy and floating down to our lines, where they were picked up and their shoes taken off.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. ALEXANDER,

Colonel, and Chief of Artillery, Longstreet's Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Longstreet's Corps.

No. 63.

Report of Maj. General Lafayette McLaws, C. S. Army, commanding division, with findings of court-martial, &amp;c.

SPARTA, GA., April 19, 1864

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith a report of the operations of my command from November 4 to December 17, 1863, including the siege of Knoxville:

My report had been necessarily delayed because I was suddenly

