
ordered away from the army in East Tennessee on December 17 last, and on my return to it to attend the court-martial, and the court adjourned, by request of General Longstreet I was ordered by General Longstreet to Abingdon, Va., and upon the reassembling of the court I had no opportunity to write, as I was attending the court, and when the final adjournment took place I was ordered here. The reports from two brigades sent to me are not made by the officers who were in command during the campaign,and that of General Humphreys, the only brigade commander who has made a report, is so defective as regards descriptions and dates, and that of the other brigade (Wofford's), made by an officer who was not in command of the brigade because the brigade commander (Colonel Ruff) was killed, is so incomplete that I have sent them back for correction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General.

My division was withdrawn from the lines around Chattanooga west of Chattanooga Creek during the night of November 4, and arrived at the railroad near the tunnel through Missionary Ridge the next morning. The brigades in turn were thence taken on the cars and arrived at Sweet Water, the first brigade on the 6th and the last on November 8.

The division remained in camp at Sweet Water until the 12th, when it was ordered to take position on the road leading from Morganton to Loudon, so as to cover the ferry crossings from that place and below leading towards Loudon.

Arrived in place about 12 m. on the 13th,and on that night received an order to move on Loudon, so as to arrive there, if possible, before daylight on the 14th. The division was accordingly put in motion, and arrived at Loudon about 5 a.m. on the 14th, and bivouacked about 1 1/2 miles from the town; weather very bad.

On the 15th, the division was ordered to cross the Holston and follow the division of General Hood, which was done; roads very bad. About 4 p.m. arrived at Burns' house, at the forks of the road, the left-hand leading into the Knoxville and Kingston road and to Campbell's Station (an old Indian station), the right-hand leading to Lenoir's, a station on the railroad. General Hood's division, under Brigadier-General Jenkins, had here turned to the right and marched toward Lenoir's Station, distant from 3 to 5 miles.

I received orders on my arrival to halt at the forks of the road and relieve the picket of General Benning on the Campbell's Station road, which was done at once. I then rode toward Lenoir's Station, and finding General Longstreet on a hill overlooking the station, which was about 1 1/2 miles distant, I reported myself and asked for orders. He told me to encamp my command for the night at the forks of the road. While with him I took his glass and could see railroad trains and batteries of artillery in motion, moving, as I supposed, toward Knoxville. General Hood's division was being formed in line of battle and artillery was being put in position. I was not informed of the object of this arrangement, and returning to my command ordered it to encamp in the places the troops then were, or in the immediate vicinity. After dark I received orders to have my division in readiness to move at daylight the next morning.

On the 15th, my command was in readiness to move at an early

31 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

