
woods skirting the plain toward Campbell's Station, Humphreys' brigade on the left occupying a hill, the enemy in lines beyond Campbell's Station across the valley.

After waiting several hours for the purpose, as I have understood, to allow the command of General Jenkins (Hood's division) to get into position, so as to make a flank attack upon the enemy's left, I was ordered to form the brigades of Kershaw, Wofford, and Bryan in line of battle across the valley and move to the front toward the enemy. One of the brigades (Bryan's) being held in reserve or second line, the deployment was made, and the line advanced in excellent style until directed to halt by General Longstreet's order, the enemy having changed his position to another more commanding in the rear. General Humphreys' brigade continued on the left flank, and marched along the heights during this movement. The enemy's artillery (one or two batteries) fired upon my line when advancing and upon General Humphreys' brigade, but no engagement resulted with small-arms, excepting that the skirmishers of General Humphreys exchanged shots with those of the enemy. The loss was but trifling, 4 or 5 men having been wounded by shells. The plain intent of the enemy was to retreat only. My division encamped that night in the neighborhood of Campbell's Station, Kershaw a mile in advance.

On the 17th, about 7.30 a.m., my division was put in motion, leading the advance, and marched rapidly toward Knoxville, halting once or twice, as the enemy showed a disposition to dispute the advance, but no engagement beyond skirmishing ensued. Kershaw's brigade was in advance and drove the enemy easily from every point. Arriving in sight of Knoxville and Fort Loudon, my division was deployed to the left and right, the right resting on the Holston River, and one brigade (Bryan's) held in reserve on the right near the main road by which we came.

On the 18th, Wofford's brigade, which had been extended to the left as far as Crawford's house, having the battalion of sharpshooters on picket, was relieved by a brigade of General Jenkins' command (Hood's division) and took its place in the line on the left of General Humphreys' brigade. On that day about 3 p.m. an order was given for General Kershaw's brigade to assault the advance line of the enemy. They occupied a breastwork of rails about 1 3/4 miles from the town, constructed upon a hill, and the houses of a Mr. Armstrong, near the bank of the river, consisting of brick dwelling, outhouses, kitchen, stables, &amp;c. The advance was made under cover of the fire of two pieces of artillery, and the enemy were driven in confusion to their works nearer the town.

My loss in this affair was about 140 in killed, wounded, &c.

The brigade remained in the position from which the enemy were driven and fortified it. My line was then definitely formed from right to left, as follows: General Kershaw's brigade with his right on the river; General Humphreys' next, and then General Wofford's, commanded by Colonel Ruff, of the Eighteenth Georgia. Rifle-pits, or, rather, a continuous line of trench, was dug, extending, with a few broken intervals, from the Holston River to a point beyond the northwest bastion of Fort Loudon, and the enemy were employed in adding to and strengthening their defenses. My sharpshooters occupying pits in advance of the main bodies on both sides were constantly exchanging shots whenever the slightest opportunity was offered by either party for even a chance hit, as they were in easy rifle range of each other.

