
After dark on the 26th, I received a communication from General Longstreet, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS, November 26, 1863.

Major-General McLAWS,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The result of an examination to-day leads to the hope that Mabry's Hill may be partially turned and taken with but slight loss. A further examination will be made to-morrow, and if the ground is found to be such as we hope that part of Buckner's division. Your division will have to hold the ground that it now occupies, and you will have to put Bryan's brigade on picket along the front now occupied by General Jenkins. A cavalry brigade will be sent across the river for the protection of the two guns which be left there. You will have to make a diversion upon the Loudon fort by bombardment and such other indications of an assault as you can at earliest dawn, while we attempt to get the hill on the other side. We shall push on down toward the fort in your front as rapidly as possible after getting the hill. I shall send a cavalry brigade to-morrow to report to you. It is to cross, as I have said, and relieve the troops under General Law, and he will return to his division. As I shall be out looking at the ground, I shall have to get you to see that the troops are crossed and recrossed, and marched over ground that cannot be seen by the enemy. You must relieve General Jenkins' line of pickets by sunset to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

And early on the 27th the following was received:
HEADQUARTERS, November 27, 1863.

Major-General McLAWS,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I wish you would start the brigade which is to occupy General Jenkins' picket line right away. Send them by a route which will be entirely concealed. Do have all the movements under your eye so conducted that they may not be seen.

With respect,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

Accordingly General Bryan's brigade was put in readiness, and I went with my staff officer, Major Goggin, and after a long search found a way about 2 miles to the rear by which the brigade could be marched to occupy General Jenkins' picket line without being seen from the enemy's works. I then conducted the brigade myself until it had reached the rear of General Jenkins' line, when, receiving notice from Major Goggin, who had been sent for that purpose, that the cavalry could not cross the river at the ferry without being seen by the enemy, I left General Bryan, with instructions to relieve General Jenkins' picket, and joined Major Goggin at the river. This was about 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Shortly after my arrival I received notice that the contemplated attack on Mabry's Hill had been abandoned,and that Bryan's brigade and all the other troops and the artillery, which had been moved in contemplation of that attack, must resume their original positions.

During the night of the 27th, I received notice that my division would assault the redoubt the next morning at daylight, but before daylight an order was received suspending the assault until the weather cleared up. The night had been very stormy, and it had

