
3. Brigadier-General Geary's division will follow immediately in rear of General Howard's corps. The commands will carry 60 rounds of small-arms ammunition, 40 in the boxes, 20 in the pockets; the artillery 200 rounds of ammunition. The commands will also carry their full complement of intrenching tools, three days' cooked provision, three days' forage for the animals. In the event of General Geary's wagons not being here, he will arrange for transportation with Major-General Howard.

4. The regiment from General William's division (Twelfth Corps) will remain, and after protecting the depots here by a proper guard, and furnishing the fatigue details, will hold the bridge head on the south side of the river. Brigadier-General Geary will promulgate this order to the regiments of the Twelfth Corps and cause them to take position at the time of his movement.

5. Brigadier-General Geary will move with such portions of his command as may arrive in time for the movement, leaving instructions for the balance of his command to follow immediately upon their arrival.

6. The column will proceed to Shellmound, and from thence to Rankin's Ferry. The commanding generals will look well to their right flanks, and guard against any injuries or annoyance from guerrillas.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS, October 27, 1863-4.50 a.m.

General WHITAKER:

General Hazen's fleet has just left.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 27, 1863-5.30 a.m.

[Major-General THOMAS:]

We hold the crest, and the attack has just commenced. My troops are crossing more slowly than I expected. I should like a brigade in reserve her to hold this bank.

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 27, 1863-6.30 a.m.

General Granger will send General Whitaker's brigade to Brown's Ferry immediately, to hold the crossing and be in reserve to General Smith.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

4 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

