
Loudon and the works in its immediate vicinity, would be regulated by what he could judge of the then existing state of affairs.

But I am convinced that, no matter what may have been attempted, whether to bear down to the left along the enemy's works or to dash at the bridge, would have been attended with a very heavy loss and with very doubtful results.

Under these circumstances I addressed the foregoing letter to General Longstreet, supposing that if he had considered the existing state of affairs as I did it would be gratifying for him to have the written opinion of the officer next in rank to himself if he thought proper to delay the assault until we could hear definitely of the result of the battle, which was said to have taken place near Chattanooga. I had already shown my desire to co-operate cordially with him in making the assault, and wished to inform him that my hearty co-operation would still be with him if he should desire to delay it.

The following is a copy of his reply:
HEADQUARTERS, November 28, 1863.

Major-General McLAWS:

GENERAL: Your letter is received. I am not at all confident that General Bragg has had a serious battle at Chattanooga, but there is a report that he has, and has fallen back to Tunnel Hill. Under this report I am entirely convinced that our only safety is in making the assault upon the enemy's position to-morrow at daylight, and it is the more important that I should have the entire support and co-operation of the officers in this connection, and I do hope and trust that I may have your entire support and all of the force you may be possessed of in the execution of my views. It is a great mistake to suppose that there is any safety for us in going to Virginia if General Bragg has been defeated, for we leave him at the mercy of his victors, and with his army destroyed our own had better be also, for we will be not only destroyed, but disgraced. There is neither safety nor honor in any other course than the one I have chosen and ordered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

P. S.-The assault must be made at the time appointed, and must be made with a determination which will insure success.

On November 20, the Tenth Georgia, of Bryan's brigade, was sent across the Holston River and occupied the heights there, which were immediately opposite my position on the north side, driving the enemy from them. Bryan's whole brigade after this crossed and took post on the heights. It occupied them on December 3, after the assault, and rejoined the division after dark on the 4th, when the whole army was withdrawn from before Knoxville and marched toward Rogersville, passing Rutledge, Bean's Station, and Mooresburg, and halting near Blevins' farm, 6 miles from Rogersville, on the 9th, where the division encamped until December 14.

On the 13th, General Humphreys was sent with his brigade to support an advance of cavalry, under Colonel Giltner, toward Bean's Station. He went within 3 miles of that place, and returned to his camp that night, having marched 24 miles. The weather very bad and roads much cut up and muddy.

On the 14th, the division was ordered to Bean's Station (an old Indian station), following the two brigades of Buckner's division, under General Johnson. The enemy's cavalry and mounted infantry were found in position there, and, after a sharp engagement, were driven off by General Johnson's command attacking on the right and Kershaw's brigade moving on their left flank, supported by Bryan's brigade and followed by the rest of my division. Kershaw's

