
men obtained enough bacon to give one days' supply to most of the brigade, and a number of saddles and accouterments and horses were captured by the division.

On the 15th, I was ordered to send one of my brigades toward Rutledge to give support to General Jenkins, who was threatened by an advance of the enemy; to send two brigades, if they had been supplied with rations. As Kershaw's brigade was the only one which had any, having obtained them from the battle-field, as before mentioned, I ordered his brigade only, and directed it to move at once. It was so late at the time the order was received that it was after dark before his brigade reached the vicinity of General Jenkins' command, and the enemy retiring that night no engagement ensued, and the brigade rejoined the division on the next morning.

On the 16th, General Humphreys was ordered to move his brigade to the gap in Clinch Mountain and attack the enemy reported to be in that position, but, on reaching the gap, it was found that the One hundred and seventeenth Indiana Regiment, which was there on the day before, had retreated during the night along the crest of the ridge by torch-light, leaving their baggage, all their tents, cooking utensils, and commissary stores, 12 mules, and five wagons. A regiment was at once sent in pursuit, but failed to overtake them. Twelve prisoners were brought in and a considerable number of arms. On my return from the gap I was ordered to select a line and encamp my division.

I cannot too highly praise the conduct of both officers and men for their admirable conduct during the campaign and for their patient endurance of hardships of all kinds. Their want of food, of clothing, of shoes and blankets, and of tents did not dampen their ardor nor take away from that cheerfulness and alacrity in the performance of all duties which is so inspiring to behold, and which gives such assurance to commanders that their courage and zeal and devotion can always be relied on.

I call particular attention to the conduct of General Kershaw, who, in command of his brigade, was distinguished at the storming of the enemy's outworks on November 18, and in flanking the enemy at Bean's Station on December 14.

The conduct of Colonel Nance, of the Third South Carolina, on November 18; of Colonel Kennedy,of the Second South Carolina, who was wounded on the 18th, and Colonel Henagan, of the Eighth South Carolina; Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard, who succeeded Colonel Kennedy in command of the Second Regiment, and also Major William Wallace, of the same regiment, who was conspicuous for his gallantry on this as on all other occasions, deserve special notice, as also Captain Dwight and Lieutenant Doby, of General Kershaw's staff.

The conduct of General Bryan during the siege and afterward, and especially at the assault, is worthy of all praise. He led his brigade to the work, and, after seeing that all was done that could be done, was the very last to retire.

Colonel E. Ball, of the Fifty-first Georgia, and Colonel Simms, of the Fifty-third Georgia, who was wounded in the assault; Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Holt, of the Tenth Georgia, and Major McBride and Adjutant Strickland, and Lieutenant J. T. Stovall, Company F, all of the Tenth Georgia, were distinguished for gallantry and good conduct during the siege.

Captain Ellis, adjutant-general of the brigade, who was wounded

