
during the assault, is a gallant soldier and an accomplished gentleman, and I recommend him for his good conduct during this campaign and elsewhere for promotion.

Major Hartsfield, of the Fifty-third Georgia, and Captain Vandegriff, Fifty-third Georgia, were also distinguished for gallantry.

My special thanks are due to Brig. General B. G. Humphreys, who commanded the assaulting column, composed of parts of his own and Bryan's brigade, for his zeal, courage, and coolness in conducting that assault, and for his activity, energy,and earnestness in the performance of all his duties on every occasion. I take pleasure in recommending him for promotion.

Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Fiser, of the Seventeenth Mississippi Regiment, who lost an arm while endeavoring to scale the parapet of Fort Loudon, was conspicuous on this occasion, as on all other, for his daring and brilliant courage.

Captain Cherry, of the same regiment, was wounded in the assault, and was also greatly distinguished for his gallantry.

Major Donald, of the Thirteenth, and Captain Brown, of the same regiment, Captain Wright and Lieutenant Gunn, of the Seventeenth, exhibited the brightest qualities of soldiers in rallying and reforming their shattered regiments.

Captain Barksdale and Lieutenant Hobart, of General Humphreys' staff, deserve particular notice for their zeal and courage and services during the campaign.

Captain Dortch, of the Twenty-fourth Georgia, who drove in the enemy's pickets with his regiment on the night of the 28th; Lieutenant-Colonel Hutchins, who commanded the sharpshooters on that occasion and afterward the brigade; Major Hamilton, who commanded Phillips Legion and led the assault on the left of the line against the northwest bastion of Fort Loudon, and who was wounded in his efforts to get his men into the work, is an officer of great gallantry, fine intelligence, and a good disciplinarian.

Captain Norris, of Phillips Legion, a good soldier, good disciplinarian, and gallant officer, deserves especial mention.

There are many others whose names are not before me who were distinguished for the brightest qualities, of whom mention will be made hereafter.

I am especially indebted to Major James M. Goggin, my adjutant-general, for his devotedness and zeal in the performance of all his duties. I know of no officer more deserving promotion to the rank of brigadier than himself, or who possesses higher qualities to illustrate the position. His experience in military affairs,his calm, cool courage, his strict integrity and impartiality, and straightforward manner would soon given him the confidence of any community or any body of men, and his services entitle him to high preferment.

Surg. John T. Gilmore, chief surgeon of my division, who has not a superior in his profession, added to his previous distinction by his prompt and efficient arrangements for the sick and wounded, and for the most faithful discharge of all the duties pertaining to his office.

To Major Peck, chief quartermaster of division, and Major Edwards, chief commissary, and Lieutenant Alfred Edwards, ordnance officer, I am indebted for their faithful and efficient discharge of their several duties during the campaign.

To Major E. L. Costin, inspector, and Captain Lamar, my aide-de-camp, I return many thanks for their efficiency and cordial co-operation

