
with me, and I call particular attention to these officers for their gallantry and good conduct.

The country has to mourn the loss of many of its best and bravest men, who were killed while fighting bravely during this campaign. Among them I will mention Colonel McElroy, of the Thirteenth Mississippi Regiment, who was killed in the assault on Forth Loudon on November 29. He was shot at the angel of the wall at the head of his regiment, which led in the assault on the right. He was a man of very fine courage, united to a self-possession on all occasions, with a knowledge of his duties and a natural capacity for command which inspired confidence and made him always conspicuous. His death is much to be regretted.

Colonel Ruff, of the Eighteenth Georgia, who commanded Wofford's brigade and led it to the assault, was shot while cheering on his men. He was a gallant and accomplished officer, whose merit was concealed by his modest and unobtrusive manner, but who was fast becoming known as occasions forced a display of his zeal and worth. I knew of no one whose career promised to be more useful.

Colonel Thomas, of the Sixteenth Georgia, a brave and determined officer, was also killed while leading his regiment and attempting to scale the work. He was found dead sitting in the corner of the ditch facing the enemy.

There are many other officers and men whose gallantry and deeds of daring deserve that their names should be especially recorded, but the number is so great it cannot be done in this report.

On December 17, I received an order from General Longstreet's headquarters, of which the following is a copy:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,No. 27. Near Bean's Station, December 17, 1863.

Maj. General L. McLaws is relieved from further duty with this army, and will proceed to Augusta, Ga., from which place he will report by letter to the Adjutant and Inspector General. He will turn over the command of his division to the senior brigadier present.

By command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major-General McLAWS,

C. S. Army.

Being totally uninformed of any reasons for such an order, I addressed the following communication to Colonel Sorrel:

CAMP ON BEAN'S STATION GAP ROAD, December 17, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Special Orders, No. 27, from your headquarters, of this date, relieving me from further duty with this army. If there is no impropriety in making inquiry, and I cannot imagine there is, I respectfully request to be informed of the particular reason for the order.

Very respectfully,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General.

In reply to which I received the following:
HEADQUARTERS,Near Bean's Station, December 17, 1863.

Major-General McLAWS,

C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of to-day asking for the particular reason for the issue of the order relieving you from duty

32 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

