
OCTOBER 20, 1863.-Action at Philadelphia, Tennessee

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Maj. General Ambrose E. Burnside, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio.

No. 2.-Brig. General Julius White, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

No. 3.-Colonel Frank Wolford, First Kentucky Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

No. 4.-General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Tennessee, with congratulatory orders.

No. 5.-Maj. General Carter L. Stevenson, C. S. Army, commanding division,including skirmishes at and near Sweet Water, October 23,26, and 27, and at Leiper's Ferry, October 28.

No. 6.-Colonel George G. Dibrell, Eighth Tennessee Cavalry (Confederate), commanding Cavalry Brigade, including skirmishes at Sweet Water, October 23 and 26.

No. 7.-Colonel J. J. Morrison, First Georgia Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

No. 1.

Report of Maj. General Ambrose E. Burnside, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio.

KNOXVILLE, Tennessee, October 23, 1863-9 a.m.

GENERAL: On the 20th instant, Colonel Wolford's cavalry brigade, at Philadelphia, was surprised by enemy's cavalry and driven back to Loudon, with a loss of six mountain howitzers and a considerable number of men. Colonel Wolford reports his loss at 100. The enemy has been driven back again beyond Philadelphia, and are said to be concentrating at Sweet Water a heavy force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery. The reports of the number of the enemy are indefinite, except as to the presence there of Stevenson's division of infantry and of some 3,000 or 4,000 cavalry. I have re-enforced the garrison of Loudon, and shall leave for there at once;from there I will endeavor to telegraph you more definitely. We have had a good deal of rain. Trains late, and I fear much of our supplies will be very badly delayed by high water and bad roads. It is reported from several sources that a considerable force, under Joe Johnston, has left Bragg's army.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

Major-General GRANT.

No. 2.

Reports of Brig. General Julius White, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Twenty-third Army Corps.

LOUDON, October 20, 1863.

GENERAL: The skirmishing continued till dark, the infantry I sent out holding him in check. Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, of Colonel Wolford's command, brought in 50 prisoners. About 100 in all have

