
AUGUSTA, GA., January 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

On the 15th instant I received from General Longstreet's headquarters a copy of a charge preferred against myself, with an accompanying letter, being a copy of one which he had forwarded to you, referring to the charges. To prevent any misunderstanding, I herewith inclose copies of both the charges and letter. I beg leave to remark concerning the charge and specifications:

The assault against Fort Loudon, which was made by three brigades of my division, on the morning of November 29 last, had been ordered to be made on the 28th, the day previous at, I think, 2 p. m., perhaps earlier; but at my request and on my suggestion it was delayed until the morning of the 29th, to enable me to advance my line of sharpshooters so as to fire along the enemy's works and thus facilitate the advance of the assaulting columns by distracting and preventing the enemy's fire. The enemy's pits were taken all along my line, and my sharpshooters advancing beyond them established a new line for themselves within easy musket range of the main work. This was done, excepting with the sharpshooters from Bryan's brigade, and the exception was made for the following reasons: The sharpshooters of the brigades were arranged from left to right, as follows: Wofford's, Humphreys', Bryan's, Kershaw's. Kershaw's line was so far advanced on the right that the connection could not be established with Bryan's, and Colonel Holt, of the Tenth Georgia, who commanded Bryan's sharpshooters, came to me some time late in the night of the 28th, and informing me of the circumstance, requested authority to throw the right of his line back, so as to protect his right flank, which I authorized him to do, deeming it essential for the safety of his line.

The enemy had not long previous assaulted my line of sharpshooters by coming down on their flank, which had not been properly supported on the left by the advance of Hood's division, and had taken their pits temporarily, but were finally driven back with considerable loss by the reserves coming up. I did not wish the experiment to be repeated, and therefore had the right of Bryan's line thrown back, or, rather, authorized it to be done; but that it had any effect upon the final result I deny, because my loss was but about 50 or 60 before reaching the ditch, and the enemy fired but one gun, as some say, and others but two, upon the advancing columns, being kept down by the sharpshooters.

To the second specification I merely assert that the Seventeenth Mississippi, of Humphrey's brigade, and Phillips (Georgia) Legion, of Wofford's brigade, two as fine bodies of men and as well commanded as can be found anywhere, were selected to lead, and did lead, the assaulting columns, and they, as well as all others, were ordered to take the work and hold it against all comers until I arrived to direct otherwise. My orders were to take the works; that was all for the assaulting column to do, and I was notified that General Jenkins, commanding Hood's division, would follow my column and lead division to the left. I am at a loss to conceive as to what definite instructions further than those I gave could have been given, as the inside of the work was an unknown quantity. What was to be done after it was taken was to be found out. If there was no ditch on the left (the west side) that offered any obstacle, or but

