
ADDENDA.

Reconnaissance for the purpose of ascertaining whether a point can be found suitable to erect reserve picket-a work for sharpshooters sufficient to drive the enemy from their guns at Fort Loudon.

Decided impracticable.

Fort Loudon seems to be a two-sided bastion, with ditch in front, and about 8 feet high, one side commanding the Loudon road and valley of Third Creek, the other side facing northward toward the railroad.*

Confederate lines represented by blue.

Enemy lines represented by black.

Respectfully submitted.

THOS. J. MONCURE,

Lieutenant of Engineers.

Numbers 64.

Report of Major William Wallace, Second South Carolina Infantry, Kershaw's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT, Russellville, Tennessee, January 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I submit the following report, in obedience to Orders, Numbers -, from brigade headquarters:

The Second Regiment left Chattanooga on November 4 last, under command of Colonel Kennedy, and on the 16th of that month came up with the enemy at Campbell's Station, about 15 miles from Knoxville, at the junction of the Kingston and Loudon roads. Here line of battle was formed, and the regiment in its position on the left of the brigade advanced. The enemy, after some little artillery firing, retired, and were pursued until some time after dark. The retreat and pursuit were renewed next day, the enemy retiring behind his fortifications at Knoxville.

On November 18, the regiment was engaged in a small skirmish before the town, in which Colonel Kennedy was wounded, and the command devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard.

Between November 18 and December 4, the regiment was engaged in several small skirmishes, and lost a few men.

On December 4, the siege of Knoxville was abandoned, and we marched toward Rogersville, near which place we encamped until the 14th, when we marched back to Bean's Station and took part in the skirmish at that place. The enemy retired before us, and night coming on we bivouacked around his camp fires.

Our men, poorly clad, scantily fed, and many of them barefooted, endured well the hardships of this winter campaign, and acquitted themselves creditably in all the skirmishes in which they were engaged.

---------------

*See map, p. 507.

---------------

