
Below is a list of casualties during the period called for:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

Around Knoxville.	 3	 13

-------

16

Bean's Station.	 2	 19	 1	 22

Total.	 5 	 32	 1	 38

Respectfully submitted.

WM. WALLACE,

Major, Commanding Second South Carolina Regiment.

Captain C. R. HOLMES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Kershaw's Brigade.

I omitted to include Colonel Kennedy in the list of wounded around Knoxville; the number should be 14 instead of 13.

Numbers 65.

Report of Colonel James D. Nance, Third South Carolina Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRD SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT, Near Russellville, Tennessee, January 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from the time it left Chattanooga to its arrival at this camp:

Nothing of special interest occurred to the regiment from November 4, the date it left Chattanooga, to November 8, when we arrived at Sweet Water; to November 14, when we arrived at Loudon; nor until the 17th, when we reached Knoxville, although after the 15th we were constantly in the presence of the enemy, who were retiring upon that town.

On the evening of the 17th, when within 3 miles of Knoxville, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Kershaw to cross the railroad on my left and flank the enemy's advanced line of skirmishers, which crossed the railroad perpendicularly about 2 miles from town and extended at least to the woods on the west side. I immediately sent scouts in advance and followed with the regiment, crossing Second Creek and the railroad and making into the woods beyond, when I turned to the right and marched parallel to the railroad. After going in this direction about a third of a mile I discovered, from my own observations as well as from the reports of my scouts, that the enemy's skirmishers had withdrawn to the east side of the railroad, but they were plainly visible in a line perpendicular to the railroad and running over the hill which was carried by assault the following evening. I was then on their flank, but too far off to deliver an effective fire.

Upon a reconnaissance made by myself and scouts, I found that I could not push farther to the north, so as to come more in the enemy's rear, without disclosing the movement to their vedettes, who

