
Besides lists of casualties already referred to, you will observe a list* of men left behind in front of Knoxville, who have fallen into the hands of the enemy.

I am, very respectfully,

JAMES D. NANCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. R. HOLMES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 66.

Report of Captain E. J. Goggans, Seventh South Carolina Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTH SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT, January 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, the following report of the operations of the Seventh South Carolina Regiment since it left Chattanooga is respectfully submitted:

The regiment left Lookout Mountain on the night of November 4, 1863, marching via Rossville and McFarland's Spring over Missionary Ridge.

About noon on the 5th arrived at the artificial tunnel, a few miles from Tyner's Station, where it remained until the 7th, when it took the cars.

After a most miserable trip arrived at Sweet Water Stattion on the evening of the 8th, where it was encamped until 10 a. m. on the 12th, when it was moved off; encamped that night at Philadelphia.

Morning of 13th, moved off in a direction to the right; struck up camp on the river near Morganton; remained there until midnight; took up line of march, and daylight of the 14th found it at Loudon, where it remained until morning of 15th, when it crossed the river on pontoon bridge and moved off in the direction of Campbell's Station, expecting and hoping to make the place before halting; but to the evident chagrin of many who needed and hoped to get blankets from the captured or slain of the enemy, it was halted and encamped for the night long before reaching the place.

At early dawn of the 16th it was moving on, and toward the middle of the day came near the enemy, when it was thrown in line of battle with other regiments of the brigade to support another brigade that was confronting the enemy in advance of it. Soon, however, it moved with the brigade to the right and fronted the enemy in an open field. Jenkins' brigade, commanded by Colonel Bratton, moved out, and the Seventh, with the others of the brigade, moved to its position and advanced upon the enemy's position, under a sharp artillery fire, without any loss. Night closing in, it moved with the brigade by a flank, and it was said the object was to entrap Yankee cavalry, but we found them not. Moving on a mile or so encamped for the night.

Morning of 17th, were moving soon. Soon came up with the enemy's rear guard. The skirmishers were engaged and the Seventh was moved in line of battle on the right of the Third South Carolina (Colonel Nance's) to support them. Moving on rapidly, it was soon in sight of the Yankees, and under a sharp fire of Yankee cavalry. The enemy being routed by our skirmishers and artillery, it moved by a flank up the railroad. Crossed a creek and was again thrown in line of battle on the right of the road to support out skir-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

