
mishers. The enemy being driven back near to Knoxville, it was halted and built a line of breastworks, which, in obedience to orders, it occupied by daylight on the 18th.

Morning of 18th, skirmishing opening briskly, the regiment, with the brigade, moved up to support. Ours lay for most of the day in line to the rear and right of first Armstrong house. In the evening moved by a flank up the river in rear of Fifteenth South Carolina, and took position in line at second Armstrong house and built breastworks. That night went on picket in front of third or last Armstrong house; relieved the skirmishers from our brigade. Captured that night 2 Yankee cavalrymen on horseback, who inadvertently rode into our lines.

In the skirmishes of the 17th and 18th lost 2 men killed and 8 seriously wounded, this loss being from Companies D, F, and L, who were engaged in or as skirmishers. In the regular line of battle a few slight bruises were received, which, may not be officially noted.

While at Knoxville, or while engaged in the siege of Knoxville, the regiment did a full share of the multifarious and severe duties that the circumstances necessarily imposed upon all, and the men were often exposed to shell, yet not a man was lost upon any occasion or by any cause.

Night of December 4, 1863, left Knoxville; moved slowly, deliberately, toward Rogersville, via Blain's Cross-Roads, Rutledge, and Bean's Station.

Encamped near Rogersville on the 9th. There remained until daylight on the morning of 14th, when it again moved toward Bean's Station. Arriving that evening at a small mountain by a creek 2 miles from the station, it was once more in range of the enemy's shell. Crossing the creek by a flank and moving that way across the road, following the brigade (it being that day in rear by the rule of alternation in marching), advanced a considerable distance under cover of the hills, making a detour to gain the rear of the enemy. At or near the church on our right the enemy appeared. The Seventh, being in rear, was not engaged. Moving on, it was thrown out in line in rear of the Second South Carolina Regiment to support it. Advancing some distance, the nature of the ground made it necessary to move by a flank. Gaining the top of the hill, the work was over. Went into camp around the bright fires built by the routed and retreating foe.

Lost 2 men wounded; 1 severely, if not mortally.

Remained in camp with but little interruption until 19th, then moved near Long's Ferry. Crossed on 20th.

On 21st, came to this place.

On 23d, the regiment went back to the ferry to do picket duty. It was relieved on 27th. The regiment is now as comfortable as their slender means will admit of.

Thanks are due Captains Benjamin Roper and T. A. Hudgens for their skill and bravery during the campaign.

To both officers and men of the command all praise is due for their bravery and patient endurance of hardships seldom equaled in war.

Very respectfully,

E. J. GOGGANS,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain C. R. HOLMES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

33 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

