
Numbers 67.

Report of Captain Duncan McIntyre, Eighth South Carolina Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTH SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT, January 8, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders, I beg leave to submit the following report of the operations of the Eighth South Carolina Regiment during the campaign of East Tennessee:

Colonel Henagan being in command, the regiment, with the brigade, left Chattanooga on the night of November 5, 1863, and arrived at Sweet Water on November 8.

Remained here until the 12th, when we marched, via Philadelphia, to Morganton, and crossing the Tennessee River at Loudon on the morning of the 16th and going in the direction of Knoxville, came up with the skirmishers of the enemy during the evening.

We skirmished with them all day of the 11th, driving them near to Knoxville.

On the morning of the 18th, the Eighth Regiment was ordered in front to support the line of skirmishers on the right, resting on the river. Here we sustained a heavy fire for five or six hours, holding in check a strong line of the enemy until about 3 p. m., about which time, the Third Regiment becoming engaged on our left and the Fifteenth Regiment coming up on the line, we were ordered to advance, and charged the strong position of the enemy, driving them in confusion behind their fortifications around Knoxville. We then remained in the position, with no incident of importance, until November 29.

I was placed in command of the regiment on November 27.

On the night of the 29th, I was ordered to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Gaillard with the regiment, and at 10 p. m. my regiment being on the right of the battalion and Second Regiment along the line of breastworks near the river and on the extreme right, I was ordered to advance on the enemy's outposts and capture or drive them in and occupy the rifle-pits. After crossing the creek in front of our position, and advancing cautiously to the open field beyond without being discovered, halted and rectified my line.

In crossing the creek and ascending the hill the regiment became separated from the battalion about 200 yards, and I received orders from Colonel Gaillard to advance alone on the fire of the enemy in the rifle-pits, which I did immediately, the regiment preserving a good line, and coming within a few paces of the pits, I ordered a charge, which was executed in good order, the enemy discharging their pieces and running precipitately. Soon after, the battalion and Second occupying the pits in front of their position, I was ordered to establish outposts in front, and a working party, detailed for the purpose, constructed a line of rifle-pits in advance of the position already occupied, which was done under a heavy fire, of grape and canister from the forts on our left. The pits being finished, we held them until 10 or 11 a. m. next day, when we were ordered to fall back to our original position. Here we remained until the night of December 4, when, with the brigade, we marched to camp near Rogersville, where we remained until December 14.

On the morning of December 14, with the brigade, we came back to near Bean's Station, and coming up with the enemy the brigade was formed in line of battle, the Eighth occupying second position,

