
the Fifteenth being on the right to the right of the main road and in rear of Captain Parker's battery. After remaining here a few minutes the brigade was moved by the right flank about three-fourths of a mile. Here we were opposite the extreme left of the enemy. The Fifteenth, being fronted, was ordered to move forward. The Eighth was fronted and moved forward. Here I received orders from General Kershaw to advance on an eminence occupied by the enemy about 700 yards in front. In consequence of the right of the regiment having to move through a thick woods and diagonally over a fence we moved slowly for about 300 yards, and the regiment coming into the open field we advanced rapidly on the enemy, driving him from the position near the church. Here we halted and adjusted the line, and the Second and Fifteenth coming up, General Kershaw ordered me to join onto the Fifteenth, and after moving by the right flank about 300 yards were fronted and moved forward, and after advancing about 200 yards came upon the enemy under a heavy fire, driving them from the position. Darkness preventing farther advance, we encamped here for the night.

In this engagement the regiment lost 2 men killed and 20 wounded; most of the wounds were severe.

The regiment and brigade remained here until December 20, when we marched in the direction of the Holston River.

On the 21st we crossed the river, and on the 23rd came to our present camp.

D. McINTYRE,

Captain, Commanding Eighth South Carolina Regiment.

Colonel J. D. NANCE, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 68.

Report of Captain Stephen H. Sheldon, Fifteenth South Carolina Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTEENTH SOUTH CAROLINA REGIMENT, Russellville, Tennessee, January 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command from the time of its leaving Chattanooga until the arrival at this camp:

On the evening of November 4, 1863, pursuant to orders from brigade headquarters, the regiment took up the line of march with the brigade for Tyner's Station, on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad.

We arrived within the vicinity of the station on November 5, and on the 7th took the cars for Sweet Water, at which place we arrived on the 8th, and went into camp in the vicinity of the village.

On the 12th instant, moved with the brigade to Philadelphia, and on the 13th to the vicinity of Morganton, and on the night of the same day marched to Loudon.

On the 15th, crossed the Tennessee on the pontoon bridge and pursued after the enemy, who had retreated that morning some 7 miles, when we halted and remained until morning.

Next day came up with the enemy at Campbell's Station, when the brigade formed in line of battle. The regiment occupied its proper position in the line, and with one company thrown forward as skirmishers advanced with it. The enemy meantime fell back, and the

