
That night, at 11 o'clock, the regiment was withdrawn, under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Rutherford, of the Third South Carolina Regiment, in a most successful manner, and without arousing the suspicions of the enemy as to the nature of our movement. We then followed on after the brigade, which had preceded us several hours, and caught up with it next morning about 9 miles northeast of Knoxville. The regiment continued the marches along with the brigade until we arrived within 8 miles of Rogersville, where we halted and rested for several days.

On December 14, accompanied by the rest of the brigade, the command marched in the direction of Bean's Station. Finding the enemy at this place, measures were taken to attack, and, if possible, capture him. We occupied the extreme right, and after the brigade had been put in position along the slope of the Clinch Mountains we advanced upon the enemy at a charge and drove him back from his position. We were then moved farther to the right and again advanced, capturing a few prisoners and killing and wounding some few. Night coming on soon after, we were ordered by the general commanding brigade to halt, stack arms, and rest for the night.

The regiment had only 7 men wounded and none killed.

Remained in the vicinity of Bean's Station until the 20th, when we received orders to march with the brigade to Long's Ferry.

On the 21st, crossed the Holston, and on the 22nd marched to this camp.

During six weeks of severe campaigning, with many hardships and deprivations, this command has been particularly fortunate.

Our whole losses since we left Chattanooga are as follows:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Total.

Officers.	 1

------------

1

Men.	 2	 11	 13

Aggregate.	 3	 11	 14

The command suffered during the marches for want of shoes and proper clothing, and oftentimes scarcity of rations. However, these sufferings were all borne with becoming fortitude by the brave and gallant men, of which this command is a part, composing this army.

S. H. SHELDON,

Captain, Commanding Fifteenth South Carolina Regiment.

Captain C. R. HOLMES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 69.

Report of Lieutenant William C. Harris, Adjutant James' (South Carolina) battalion.

HEADQUARTERS JAMES' BATTALION, Camp near Russellville, East Tennessee, January 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Synopsis of this command since leaving Chattanooga, Tennessee:

This battalion left Chattanooga, Tennessee, on the night of November 4, 1863, and arrived at the railroad-East Tennessee and Atlanta, Tyner's Station-and there remained until the 5th instant, when it

