
took the train for Sweet Water on the 8th, and arrived at that place on the 9th and encamped until the 12th instant, when it again took up line of march for Philadelphia, encamping at the latter place for the night, resuming the march on the following day to Little Tennessee River.

On the night of the 13th, marched to Loudon, and there encamped until the 15th, and crossed the river at that place on pontoons, and marched again for Campbell's Station, where it arrived on the 16th, driving the enemy toward Knoxville.

On the 17th instant, we came in sight of the city of Knoxville; found the enemy well posted and strongly fortified.

On the 18th we had a skirmish fight with the enemy, driving him from his outposts, losing 1 man killed and 26 wounded. On the 18th we encamped or bivouacked near Armstrong's house, remaining comparatively quiet, with exception of intrenching ourselves from the fire of the enemy's Loudon fort.

On the night of the 28th, charged the enemy's rifle-pits, driving them from them, losing 3 men wounded; enemy's loss not known. Hearing the news of the discomfiture of our forces at Chattanooga, we left Knoxville on the might of December 4. We marched all night and resumed the march next morning, and continued the march toward Rutledge, where we arrived on the 6th, and encamped until the 8th, when we resumed the march in direction of Rogersville, passing Bean's Station and taking up camp 8 miles this side of Rogersville, where we remained until the 14th, and retraced our steps toward Bean's Station, and there coming up with the enemy, made an attack upon him and drove him from his position, losing 3 men. Enemy's loss not known.

On the 20th, we left Bean's Station and crossed the Holston River at [Long's] Ferry on the 21st, and marched to Russellville on December 22, 1863, and at this place took up winter quarters.

W. C. HARRIS,

Adjutant.

Captain C. R. HOLMES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 70.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel N. L. Hutchins, jr., Third Battalion Georgia Sharpshooters, commanding Wofford's brigade.

CAMP NEAR RUSSELLVILLE, Tennessee, January 1, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of Wofford's brigade during the late campaign. In consequence of the changes that have occurred in brigade and regimental commanders it is necessarily imperfect:

The brigade was withdrawn from our lines at Chattanooga on the night of November 4 last, and on the 6th was transported by railroad from Tyner's Station to Sweet Water, where it remained in camp six days.

On the 12th it took up the line of march and moved by way of Philadelphia to a point on the Tennessee River about 6 miles above Loudon, where it arrived at 2 p. m. the 13th.

At 12 o'clock on the night of the 13th the march was resumed and the command arrived at Loudon at daybreak on the morning of the 14th. Here it remained until the 15th, when it crossed the Tennessee

