
of their comrades some men succeeded in getting on the slope, but not in sufficient force to venture over the parapet into the fort. After remaining at the fort for twenty or twenty-five minutes and failing of success, the brigade withdrew and returned to its camp.

In this assault Phillips Legion was commanded by Major Joseph Hamilton, wounded; the Eighteenth Georgia Regiment, by Captain John A. Crawford; the Sixteenth Georgia Regiment, by Lieutenant Colonel Henry P. Thomas, killed; Cobb's Legion, by Major William D. Conyers, and the brigade by Colonel S. Z. Ruff, of the Eighteenth Georgia Regiment, who was also killed.

The conduct of both officers and men in this assault was admirable.

The loss of the brigade on that occasion was 246 killed, wounded, and missing.

From the time of the assault on Fort Loudon to the night of December 4 last the brigade continued to perform picket duty on the line in front of the enemy's works. The siege was then raised, and the brigade withdrew from its position and moved off with the division along the road leading by way of Rutledge, Bean's Station, and Mooresburg, and on the 9th or 10th arrived at a position 6 miles from Rogersville, and there went into camp and remained until the 14th. On that day it returned to Bean's Station, and the enemy having been driven back by other brigades, this, not being engaged, went into camp in the valley near Kentucky Gap.

On the 20th, it moved to Long's Ferry, where, on the night of the 21st, it crossed the Holston River by flat-boat, and on the 22nd marched to its present encampment.

The number, with a list of casualties during these operations, has been heretofore forwarded.

During the campaign, particularly while at Sweet Water and on the march from Knoxville and in camp in Hawkins County, the supply of rations was scanty, and some bad men would straggle and commit depredations on private people. Many were without shoes and much in need of clothing and blankets, and experienced severe and disagreeable weather; but notwithstanding these privations, hardships, and sufferings, they continued cheerful, and their general conduct was exemplary.

Since halting at its present position the men of the brigade have been engaged in the construction of huts, chimneys to tents, &amp;c., and are now quite comfortable.

Respectfully submitted.

N. L. HUTCHINS, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 71.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin G. Humphreys, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE, Near Russellville, Tennessee, January 2, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the brigade from the time we left Chattanooga to the present time:

The brigade left the foot of Lookout Mountain on November 4

