
in Clinch Mountain and attack the enemy in that position. Arriving at the gap about 10 o'clock, I found the One hundred and seventeenth Regiment Indiana (six-months' men) had retreated on the crest of the mountain toward Notchey Gap, leaving all their baggage and transportation behind them. I immediately dispatched Major Donald, in command of Thirteenth Regiment, in pursuit, who followed them to Notchey Gap, and finding they had succeeded in making their escape toward Rutledge, returned with 6 prisoners. We captured in all 12 prisoners, 6 wagons, 12 mules, all their tents, cooking utensils, clothing, and commissaries.

On the 20th, we were ordered to cross the Holston River and encamp near Russellville, where we are now encamped in winter quarters.

In reviewing the operations of this brigade, I am called upon to notice the patience, fortitude, and constancy with which the troops endured the privations and hardships of the campaign; the ardor, zeal, and courage with which they discharged every duty; and especially the valor and heroic daring of the Thirteenth and Seventeenth Mississippi Regiments in the assault upon Fort Loudon, at Knoxville.

The loss of the heroic McElroy is irreparable. A grateful country will mourn his untimely end, and embalm his memory among her brightest ornaments.

Lieutenant-Colonel Fiser and Captain Cherry, of the Seventeenth Regiment, were greatly distinguished for their gallantry and intrepidity, and their temporary loss to the service is deeply deplored.

Major Donald, of the Thirteenth, and Captain Brown, of the same regiment; Captain Wright and Lieutenant Greene, of the Seventeenth Regiment, exhibited the highest qualities of a soldier in rallying and forming their shattered regiments.

I am greatly indebted to Captain J. A. Barksdale, adjutant-general, and Captain Hobart, inspector, for their invaluable services throughout the campaign.

Very respectfully,

BENJ. G. HUMPHREYS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 72.

Report of Colonel Edward Ball, Fifty-first Georgia Infantry, commanding Bryan's brigade.

HEADQUARTERS BRYAN'S BRIGADE, Near Russellville, Tennessee, January 13, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to circular from division headquarters. I have the honor to make the following report of operations of this brigade since it left Chattanooga:

On the evening of November 4, 1863, left camp in Lookout Valley en route for Sweet Water, East Tennessee, and arrived at Tyner's Station on the evening of the 5th. The troops were ordered on board the cars and remained at this place until the morning of the 6th, when the brigade started for Sweet Water and arrived at that place on the

