
The loss in this brigade on that occasion was 8 officers and 19 men killed, 15 officers and 106 men wounded, and 5 officers and 59 men missing, making a total of 28 officers and 184 men, and an aggregate loss of 212 men and officers killed, wounded, and missing.

The brigade having returned to camp, remained there until December 3, when it again crossed to the south side of the Holston and remained there until the evening of the 4th, when it again recrossed the Holston and rejoined the division.

Withdrew from Knoxville on the night of the 4th, marching in the direction of Rogersville, and arrived at Blevins' farm on the 9th.

The brigade remained in camp at this place until the 14th, when it marched to Bean's Station, and supported General Kershaw in passing the enemy's left flank.

Left Bean's Station on the 20th; crossed the Holston at Long's Ferry on the 21st, and arrived at this place on December 23, 1863.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. BALL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major JAMES M. GOGGIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 73.

Report of Brigadier General Micah Jenkins, C. S. Army, commanding Hood's division.

HEADQUARTERS HOOD'S DIVISION, Morristown, Tennessee, January 13, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders from headquarters forces East Tennessee, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division during the campaign commencing at the time of our leaving Lookout Mountain to our reaching Morristown, inclusive:

Leaving our camp near Lookout Mountain on the night of November 5, 1863, to prevent being observed by the enemy, with severe marching on account of the weather, we reached the railroad station the next morning, and after some delay, on account of the inefficient working of the railroad, arrived at Sweet Water, Tennessee, with part of the command. Collecting with difficulty a few days' rations, and before the railroad had brought up Law's brigade, we commenced our march to Knoxville via Loudon. Before reaching Loudon I was joined by Law's brigade. Arrangements having been perfected by the lieutenant-general commanding for effecting a crossing of the Tennessee at Loudon, a detachment of Jenkins' brigade, under Captain Foster, of the Palmetto Sharpshooters, was sent across to seize the enemy's picket, and the rest of that regiment was afterward crossed to cover the laying of the pontoon bridge.

As soon as the bridge was completed this division, on the morning of November 14, marched over, and in accordance with the directions of the lieutenant-general commanding proceeded to construct breastworks for the protection of the bridge. Scouting parties having been sent out, reported during the afternoon the enemy advancing, and just before dusk a brisk skirmish ensued, which was hand-

