
somely sustained by our skirmishers. The enemy advanced in line of battle again the right of my line of pickets, composed of skirmishers of General Jenkins' brigade, and after a sharp skirmish retired with a loss of some 40-odd killed and wounded, our loss being very slight.

The next morning, placing the skirmishers of the entire division under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Logan, of the Hampton Legion, Jenkins' brigade, and giving them strong support, I ordered an advance, following with the division, such being the orders of the lieutenant-general. The skirmishers soon became hotly engaged, and charging handsomely drove back the enemy from a stony hill, capturing a caisson and a quantity of baggage and inflicting upon them severe loss.

We lost in this engagement some 8 or 10 killed and wounded.

Leaving Robertson's brigade to watch the enemy, who had retired toward the railroad, I advanced the division in column on a converging road toward Lenoir's Station. Arriving in the vicinity late in the day, I sent forward Colonel Walker's regiment (Palmetto Sharpshooters, South Carolina Volunteers), and Colonel Coward's Fifth South Carolina Volunteers, to seize commanding hills, and then placed the brigades in position as they came up.

Brigadier General G. T. Anderson was directed to take possession of an advanced hill, and from thence to feel his way to the railroad if possible; this was about dark. He gained the hill without opposition. Colonel Branton, commanding Jenkins' brigade, was directed to occupy a hill in his front, which was thought to command the station, but owing to the darkness a nearer hill was occupied by mistake. The troops were ordered to repose in line and frequent scouting parties ordered to be kept up during the night by the advanced brigades to give news of any movements of the enemy.

Early the next morning an advance was made, but the enemy had, by keeping up a vigilant line of skirmishers, prevented our getting information and had decamped during the night. Pressing vigorously forward I engaged the enemy's rear with a strong line of skirmishers from the division under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Logan and Lieutenant-Colonel Wylie, Fifth South Carolina Volunteers. Supporting this line closely and effectively with Jenkins' brigade; the other brigades of the division were ordered to follow without delay, my instructions being to press upon the enemy's rear, and if possible to bring him to bay, and give an opportunity for McLaws' division, as I understood it, by moving on a different road, to strike the enemy in flank or rear. I engaged the enemy sharply, so as to compel him several times to make stands

to save his guns, and thus gained great delay on his part. We soon

in our advance captured a company of the enemy, and a large number

of wagons loaded with commissary, ordnance, and other stores.

The enemy were driven from point to point by heavy attacks of the

skirmishers, strongly re-enforced from Jenkins' brigade, till I had forced their rear so close upon their trains and main body that

they were obliged to offer battle with their whole force. Starting

at about 7 a. m., we had forced upon the enemy at Campbell's Station, distant 10 or 11 miles, by 11 a. m., and succeeded from all indications in greatly harassing and demoralizing the enemy. At

this place the road upon which McLaws' division was in march joined

the road by which we had marched, but that division had not as yet

arrived. Hoping to throw the enemy, who had not formed line, into sufficient

