
confusion to warrant an attack on my part with the brigades under my command, two of which (Jenkins' and Anderson's) were up, I

ordered forward a battery to open upon the dense columns of the

enemy, and having already Jenkins' brigade in line upon their front

went to place Anderson on their left flank. Not understanding, I presume the importance of the movement, which could only succeed if

done at the right moment, and fearing that the battery ordered would be destroyed by the superior artillery force of the enemy,

Colonel Alexander, chief of artillery, countermanded during my absence the order for the battery to advance and open, and about

this time the lieutenant-general commanding arrived upon the field.

The enemy had now formed his line to receive our attack. My command

was disposed as follows: Jenkins' brigade fronting the enemy,

Anderson's in line to the right. Law was ordered on Anderson's right, with his right advanced and threatening the enemy's flank.

Benning's brigade (small) in reserve. Maintaining our position for

a long time under very severe shelling, with considerable loss in Jenkins' brigade and slight loss in Anderson's, at about 3 p. m. no

movement upon the enemy's right flank having been made as I expected by McLaws' division, I reported to the lieutenant-general that the enemy had been, I thought, retiring his forces, and

received instructions to proceed along the hills on the enemy's left and make an attack on their flank.

Every indication being that the enemy was in transitu, and the shortness of the time before it would be took dark for movements

impressing upon me the necessity of speed, I gave such orders as would institute most prompt and vigorous movements. Brigadier-General Law, being on the right, was ordered to move, followed by

Anderson's brigade, far enough along the hills upon the enemy's left to bring the next to the last of Anderson's regiments opposite the enemy's guns, so that not only the guns but their supporting

lines might be struck in flank and rear by an attack in line by the two brigades. Benning was ordered to cover the right flank of the attacking line with his brigade. Withdrawing Jenkins' brigade by a

flank movement from the open field in the front of the enemy into the woods, I directed the primary movements of the other brigades to be made with the utmost promptitude.

The hills and ground over which our column was required to pass was very difficult, being covered with a close undergrowth of scraggly

oaks, and the distance having been increased by the enemy's front lines going back under the fire of our artillery, it required considerable time to attain the desired position upon their flank, their lines having open ground to retire upon, being able to move at least as rapidly as our column. Hastening the movements, however, about the time Jenkins' brigade reported, General Law

reported himself in the directed position, and I ordered Anderson's immediately to the attack. Upon reaching Law's brigade I found that he had not gone far enough to the right to put Anderson in position, but his own brigade by advancing would strike the battery and enemy's flank. Sending to stop Anderson, I directed in person General Law to make the attack with his brigade independently of Anderson.

Having received my assurance of support and protection to his flanks, he commenced his advance, and the other brigades were promptly placed to support and follow up his attack. In a few minutes, greatly to my surprise, I received a message from General Law that in advancing his brigade had obliqued so much to the left

