
After gallant efforts on the part of officers and men to overcome the physical difficulties and storm the work, the brigade fell back to its previous position, and then formed for further action in good spirits and undemoralized.

I beg to refer to the report* of this affair by General Anderson for causes of mistake in carrying out instructions and for a fuller view of the performance of his brigade.

Upon seeing the attacking column falling back, I sent orders to Jenkins' brigade to return to the right, and held it and Benning's brigade in hand for further movements, but soon received orders to reoccupy our old line.

The loss sustained by Anderson's brigade in its gallant attack was 4 killed, 33 wounded, ---- missing.

Upon the withdrawal of our army from the siege of Knoxville my command covered the rear. The withdrawal from the immediate presence of the enemy (our advance line being within 250 yards of their works) was effected without loss, and we marched leisurely, with convenient stops for collecting commissary supplies, to the vicinity of Rogersville.

Notwithstanding a great want of shoes in the command, a very handsome forced march was made on December 14 to Bean's Station. Being, unfortunately for us, in rear of the column, it was nearly dark before we reached the scene of the spirited conflict with the enemy of Johnson's and part of McLaws' divisions. After considerable delay by the slowness with which the preceding division (McLaws') crossed a small creek, being ordered to support the left of the line, I placed my leading brigade (Anderson's) on the left of Johnson's line, and had it advanced in concert with Johnson's line, but found no enemy in front, and it being now dark no further move on the part of my command was required.

The next morning I received orders to advance my command, numbering some 2,500 rifles, to Rutledge and assist Major-General Martin, who, with his cavalry, was to cross the Holston River in the enemy's rear. Advancing as directed, my skirmishers engaged those of the enemy about 3 miles from Bean's Station, and I found the Yankees, some 6,000 in number, drawn up in line of battle behind a formidable breastwork of rails, with each flank upon neighboring heights. Sending back a report of the facts to the lieutenant-general commanding, he soon appeared in the front, and I was informed that General Martin had failed to cross as expected.

The condition of the enemy's line as reported by Major W. H. Sellers, assistant adjutant-general of this division, after a reconnaissance, promising a chance for a successful flank attack if made in sufficient force, with the concurrence of the lieutenant-general commanding I rode to make a personal reconnaissance. It being then between 10 and 11 a. m., the lieutenant-general informed me that before I returned Brigadier-General Law would have arrived with the two brigades which had remained detached. After careful reconnaissance, I concluded that I could make a successful flank attack by using the entire division, and ordered Jenkins' brigade immediately forward to the enemy's right flank to make the attack, intending to support it with Law's brigade, and to use the other three brigades (two very small, together not exceeding 800 rifles) in pressing concertedly the enemy's front and left flank. On my re-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

34 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

