
turn, however, General Law not having arrived, I was compelled to stop the movements of Jenkins' brigade.

Some time after this, and before the arrival of General Law, which took place about 2.30 p. m., the enemy, who had previously shown only dismounted cavalry, advanced an infantry force to the front. Reports being brought me from General Benning, who was on my right, of the movement of long columns in view, and information from the lieutenant-general commanding that the enemy was reported to have both of their corps, I was induced to believe that they had brought their full force to the field, and no other troops being within supporting distance, was reluctantly obliged to recall Jenkins' brigade and give up my intention of attacking with this division alone, and so reported to the lieutenant-general commanding.

Late in the afternoon General Martin, having effected a crossing, appeared upon the hills upon the enemy's right and opened a few guns, but when I became aware of his position it was too late.

The enemy withdrew during the night, and I was ordered in the morning to pursue, and, if possible, bring them to bay. Moving on as far as Rutledge, I received orders to cease the pursuit and return to camp.

On the morning of December 23, I proceeded with the division to Long's Ferry, on the Holston, and being delayed in beginning my passage till 1 p. m. by the preceding division, I worked into the night and succeeded with a single boat in crossing the entire division in eleven and one-half hours. Proceeding as soon as it was day to Morristown, the division rested from its fatigues in comfortable camps.

The campaign was rendered severe by want of shoes and clothing and failure of regular supplies of rations, but owing to the judicious arrangements of the marches there was much less suffering than might have been expected, and all was borne with commendable cheerfulness and high spirit by the men. There was exhibited, however, on the part of some, a tendency to straggle and a most disgraceful spirit of plunder, which by stringent measures has been restrained and corrected.

I fear that difficulties were increased and the full benefit of wellaimed strategy prevented in this campaign by the absence of high and cordial sustaining support to loyal authority on the part of some high officers, and that the spirit of the army, instead of being encouraged and sustained against sufferings and necessary hardships by some from whom the country had a right to expect it, was, on the contrary, depressed and recognition of dangers and hardships cultivated. Of this I have been able to find evidence for charges in but one case.

My humble efforts were during the greater part of the campaign greatly aided by the intelligence and activity of Major W. H. Sellers, assistant adjutant-general of this division (whose aptitude for high military affairs I desire to call attention to), and by Major E. H. Cunningham, assistant adjutant and inspector-general; Captain W. H. Whitner, assistant adjutant and inspector-general, and Lieutenant J. W. Jamison, aide-de-camp. Surg. F. L. Parker, acting chief surgeon, was also very efficient.

I take pleasure in mentioning the ability displayed by Brigadier-Generals Anderson and Benning.

I had every satisfaction in the general conduct of the officers and men. Their boldness in danger, their patience under want and hardships, and their promptitude in obedience, entitle them to the confidence and thanks of their country.

