
road to Loudon. At Chickamauga Station Major General P. R. Cleburne, whose division was moving under orders in conjunction with this division, assumed command of the column.

With the approbation of General Cleburne. I left Chickamauga Station on the evening of November 22, to proceed at the head of my command, in order to expedite the transfer of the troops to the East Tennessee railroad at Dalton, and the passage of the rivers at Charleston and Loudon. At Charleston the transportation by rail to Loudon was only sufficient for the baggage, and the troops were consequently put upon the march at that point. They were, however, subsequently picked up and brought in by the train running out to meet them.

On November 23, just as Gracie's brigade had with its baggage, ammunition, &amp;c., effected the crossing of the Hiwassee River at Charleston, I received a telegram from Major-General Cleburne, ordering me to return with my command to Missionary Ridge. This brigade immediately recrossed the river, and I then received a dispatch from Colonel Brent, of General Bragg's staff, to the effect that the order for the return of troops to Missionary Ridge only applied to such of my troops as had not left Chickamauga, and that I would proceed as previously ordered.

On November 24, I arrived at Loudon with a portion of Gracie's brigade, and communicated with Lieutenant-General Longstreet, who directed me, by telegram, to move forward my command as fast as possible to Knoxville. A pontoon bridge was then in process of construction at Huff's Ferry, below Loudon. The ferry across the Tennessee at Loudon was being employed in crossing trains loaded with supplies to meet the pressing wants of the troops before Knoxville, as I was informed by Brigadier-General Vaughn, commanding at Loudon. It was not, therefore, until afternoon of November 25 that I was enabled to commence crossing my command, which was mainly effected by the ferry.

Johnson's brigade reached Loudon on the 25th, and I learned from Colonel Fulton, commanding, that after a part of Reynolds' brigade was placed on the cars at Chickamauga Station, and when the train was all ready to start, the cars containing the part of Reynolds' brigade were detached, and all the troops which had not left Chickamauga Depot, including the artillery of Buckner's division, were ordered back to Missionary Ridge. Two brigades (Johnson's and Gracie's)-effective strength 2,625, aggregate 3,525-comprised the forces remaining under my command.

On November 27, I reported in person to Lieutenant-General Longstreet, Gracie's brigade having preceded me and joined his command, and Colonel Fulton, in command of Johnson's brigade, arrived in front of Knoxville on the 28th.

On Sunday, November 29, having previously received orders from the lieutenant-general commanding to that effect, my command moved at daylight at the signal for the attack from the rifle-pits in front of Fort Loudon, to support the assaulting column under Brigadier-General Humphreys. Gracie's brigade advanced on the right or south of the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, and Fulton's command moved from a position on the north of this road, distant some 800 or 1,000 yards from the fort. In the advance the latter command crossed the railroad, which curved to the north in front of the rifle-pits, and approached to within about 250 yards of the fort on the left or north of the salient, on which the assault was made.

