
subsequent engagement. About 3 miles east of Bean's Station at 2 p. m. the cavalry encountered and drove back the enemy's pickets and sharply engaged the reserve. My leading brigade (Gracie's) was moved up, and seven companies of the Fifty-ninth Alabama Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. D. McLennan, was advanced as skirmishers, the center moving along the road. The cavalry under Captain Moore closed in to the left and uncovered its front. The enemy continued to fall back skirmishing with this regiment of infantry for about 2 miles, and twice endeavored to make a stand. We then crossed the creek about half a mile east of Bean's Station, and the Forty-third Alabama Regiment, commanded by Colonel Y. M. Moody, was deployed in rear of the Fifty-ninth and moved to the right, extending in the woods on the slope of the mountain on the north side of the valley. As the skirmishers ascended to the top of the hill east of the station, the enemy's artillery opened from three points on the elevations west of the station. Two of these points are on the north side and one on the south side of the Knoxville road. Our skirmishers were now ordered to lie down until our artillery could be brought up.

About this time Brigadier General A. Gracie was wounded by a rifle ball in the arm. That I was deprived of his valuable services I was not aware until later in the day, as I had seen him return to the field after having had his wound examined.

Taylor's battery of four Napoleon guns was placed in position on the north side of the road and supported by the Forty-first Alabama Regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Trimmier, and Parker's battery was placed on the left of the road, with the right piece resting in the road. These batteries opened mainly on the two batteries of the enemy beyond Bean's Station and to the north of the road.

Johnson's brigade was now advanced in line of battle with skirmishers in front to the top of the hill, east of the station and on the left of the Knoxville road, and became exposed to the fire of the Federal battery on an elevation on the south side of the valley while skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry on an elevation just in its front.

In the meantime, Major-General McLaws' division, after crossing the stream in our rear, was moved by the flank on to the ascent of the mountain on the north side of the valley, and two companies of the Forty-third Alabama Regiment, under Colonel Moody, by order of General Longstreet, were moved as skirmishers by the right flank along the edge of the woods on the slope of the mountain to cover the movement of McLaws' division, intended to turn the enemy's left flank.

After our two batteries had fired some thirty rounds each from their first positions, I ordered a section of Parker's battery to move to the left and front to a commanding position on the right of Johnson's brigade, where it opened on a well-formed line of the enemy's cavalry in its front and on the battery on the south side of the valley.

While this section of Parker's battery was moving to its position on the right of that occupied by Johnson's brigade, I received an order from the lieutenant-general commanding to press my line forward. The line of Gracie's brigade had, however, been somewhat advanced, and was exposed to the fire of the Federals occupying the large hotel building at Bean's Station and firing through loop-holes cut in the wall of the second and third stories.

