
In the above attitude of affairs I was advised that I could call on Brigadier-General Jenkins for support from his command (Hood's division) if I should need it. I immediately requested General Jenkins to move one or two brigades by the flank through the woods on the slope of the mountains on the south side of the valley with a view to turn the enemy's right flank. This was about sunset. About dusk I directed Colonel Fulton to push his brigade to the top of the hill in his front, which was done without resistance. About this time McLaws' division opened fire on the enemy's left flank on the north side of the valley. I now learned that General Jenkins had decided that it was too late to make the proposed movement on the enemy's right flank, and I consequently concluded to press no farther my left brigade, which was very weak.

It being reported to me indirectly from Colonel Sanford that the enemy were still occupying the hotel building, I ordered the left section of Parker's battery to move up to within 350 yards and fire into it. Some two balls were fired into the building, when the battery ceased to allow the infantry to advance and take possession of it. It was now found that the Yankees, all but 3 captured in the cellar, had made their escape from the west end of the hotel. Buckner's division was now in complete possession of Bean's Station, from which, with the aid of the artillery and the movement on the flank by McLaws' division, it had driven the enemy. The Federal forces had resisted our attack persistently and gallantry, no doubt with a view to save their little camp equipage, trains, &amp;c., and in the darkness of the night their cavalry, once fairly in motion, could not be successfully pursued by our shoeless infantry. We therefore rested on our line at Bean's Station during the night.

During the fight Parker's battery fired 375 rounds of shell and Taylor's battery perhaps as many.

The following is the report of the strength of Buckner's division ins the affair of Bean's Station, December 14, 1863:

Command.	 Effective total.	 Aggregate.

Johnson's brigade.	 370	 434

Gracie's brigade.	 765	 852

Total.	 1,135	 1,286

The report of casualties in Buckner's division in the affair at Bean's Station December 14, 1863, is as follows:

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Officers.	 Men.

Johnson's brigade.	 1	 5	 5	 47

Gracie's brigade.	 2	 22	 9	 119

Total.	 3	 27	 14	 166

CONTINUATION:

Missing.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Total. 	 Aggregate.

Johnson's brigade.

--------

2	 54	 60

Gracie's brigade.

--------

10	 151	 162

Total.

--------

12	 205	 222

