
The enemy's forces are represented to have been three brigades of cavalry. We have had no means of determining the number of their killed and wounded. Common reports, which seem to come from the enemy, place their killed at 100. The officers and men of my command behaved handsomely in this affair.

On December 16, my command moved, by order of the lieutenant-general commanding, to Judge Mayse's, on the Holston River.

On December 19, it moved up the river to Long's Ferry and commenced crossing its train in the afternoon. By working day and night the division, with all its wagons and ambulances and Parker's battery of artillery, was crossed on a ferry-boat to the south bank of the Holston by sunrise on the morning of December 21.

Having heard from various sources, and especially from an officer who represented that he was the brigade inspector of Brigadier General John H. Morgan's brigade of cavalry, that the enemy were advancing from Strawberry Plains in the direction of Morristown, 4 miles distant from my command, with a view to a raid on that place, where there is a valuable flouring mill, I moved early on the morning of December 21 to this town, reporting my movement to the lieutenant-general commanding. The information proved to be incorrect and unfounded. Some two days later I was ordered to make temporary shelters from my command, with a view to protection from the inclemency of the weather during the winter.

The highest meed of praise is due to the men of this command, who have toiled faithfully on amid privations and discouragements, and who have, half, clad, braved alike the winter's rains and the bullets of the invading foe, while they have been abandoned by less determined comrades, who have hitherto honorably borne their part in this cruel, iniquitous war, and who have bravely fought at their side on the most bloody fields of battle. In view of the services of these faithful men I feel that there are no other instances of courage or valor necessary to be specified. These have all nobly performed their duty to their suffering country and to the cause of liberty. May God give them what man may never be able to bestow upon them-and adequate reward. They enjoy at least the proud consciousness of arduous duties nobly performed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Colonel G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 75.

Report of Colonel John C. Carter, Thirty-eighth Tennessee Infantry, Hardee's corps, Army of Tennessee.

HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT, December 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on November 24, I was left in command at Charleston, Tennessee The Thirty-eighth Tennessee Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Gwynne commanding, having an effective total of 215; portions of four companies of engineer troops, Captain McCalla commanding, having an effective total of 112: 17

