
Numbers 76.

Report of Major General Joseph Wheeler, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Dalton, Ga., December 31, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following as my official report of the operations of the cavalry under my command, while under the orders of Lieutenant-General Longstreet, in the campaign against the enemy's forces in East Tennessee up to the 24th ultimo, at which time I was recalled to headquarters of the department at Missionary Ridge:

On the evening of the 11th ultimo, I arrived at Sweet Water, Tennessee, with portions of four brigades of cavalry, much worn and depleted by the arduous service they had undergone during the preceding two months, and reported to the lieutenant-general commanding. The next day I received the following order:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers --. Sweet Water, Tennessee, November 12, 1863.

I. The command will march to-morrow morning at daylight.

II. Major-General Wheeler, with his cavalry, will move by the most practicable route to Maryville, and endeavor to capture the enemy's force at that point, and otherwise make a diversion upon the enemy's flank.

* * * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

In addition to this order the lieutenant-general commanding instructed me to leave sufficient cavalry to guard the Tennessee River from mouth of Hiwassee to Loudon. He also gave me verbally much valuable information regarding the country into which I was moving, and also instructed me how to protect my rear and flank should the enemy attempt a movement across the Holston at Lenoir's Station. The force of the enemy at Maryville had been variously estimated from 500 to 4,000 strong.

At this time I received some captured papers, which were transmitted to the lieutenant-general commanding, and which showed the organization of Burnside's cavalry, and to some extent the organization of this infantry. These papers showed that he had twenty-nine mounted regiments connected with his army.

I obedience to the preceding order I crossed the Tennessee at Motley's Ford with the balance of the four brigades (two under General Martin and two under General Armstrong) at dark on the 13th ultimo, and made a night's march to strike between the enemy at Maryville and their line of retreat. On approaching Maryville I found that but one regiment (the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry) was at that place. I accordingly pushed on rapidly to attack. My guides having deceived me in reference to its exact location, and being a short distance in advance with my escort and a squadron of Dibrell's brigade, I came suddenly upon it while passing through a wood, drawn up in line of battle. We immediately charged the enemy, Lieutenant Pointer, my aide, being in advance. We made a few captures and scattered the remainder. The country was an open wood without fences, which enabled the enemy to flee in all directions. Dibrell's brigade, which was but a few rods behind, was im-

