
plunged into the river, some of whom were drowned. One hundred and forty prisoners were taken in the charge and a considerable number killed and wounded. The Federal commander of cavalry was reported in their papers as having received wounds from which he died. We were only prevented from following the fugitives into the city by a strong force of the enemy's infantry and artillery in the fortifications on a high hill on the south bank of the river, who opened a heavy fire upon us as we approached. It being now dusk, and the balance of the command being 4 miles to the rear, after some warm skirmishing I withdrew to Stock Creek, which was the nearest point at which forage could be obtained. The enemy did not come our of their fortifications to follow us.

As I had some reason to believe the enemy might withdraw their forces to the other bank of the river, I returned at daylight and found instead of withdrawing they had strengthened their position during the night, from which they opened warmly upon us as we advanced.

Here I received a communication from the lieutenant-general commanding, of which the following is an extract:

Unless you are doing better service by moving along on the enemy's flank than you could do here, I would rather you should join us and co-operate.

As there was little prospect of accomplishing any further good in that vicinity, I determined to march without delay to join the main body of the command. After commencing the march I received a note from Colonel Sorrel, which read as follows:

If you can get across the Holston River the lieutenant-general would like you to cross your whole command and operate with us.

With considerable difficulty we crossed the Holston near Louisville and reported to the lieutenant-general commanding about 3 p. m. on 17th ultimo. The investment of the city commenced the following morning, and I was directed to continue the line from the left of the infantry to the Holston River, upon which my left flank rested, while my right rested upon the Knoxville and Clinton Railroad, giving me a line of about 4 miles. This line was kept almost continually skirmishing with the enemy, and, notwithstanding its extensions, the enemy made no serious demonstration against us. Detachments of my command sent out in our rear succeeded in capturing 12 prisoners and 10 Government and 2 sutler wagons loaded with a large steam cracker-baking machine and some clothing and shoes.

The next six days were spent in closely besieging this portion of the line, and engaging the enemy with both artillery and small-arms on several occasions, pursuant to orders from the lieutenant-general commanding.

On the evening of the 20th, I engaged the enemy warmly all along the line, pursuant to the following instructions:
HEADQUARTERS, November 20, 1863.

General JOSEPH WHELER,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Jenkins is going to feel the enemy sharply at the railroad depot about sunset. I wish you would open your batteries about that hour and advance you line of skirmishers as far as you can, threatening along your front.

Yours, respectfully,

JAMES LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

