
Kingston about one hour before day. A party was sent to cut off the pickets but failed. We pressed on toward the town against a warm

resistance of the enemy. It was my hope to reach the town before they could form. In this I was disappointed. Notwithstanding the

rapidity of our movements, on arriving at the foot of a hill near the town, we found it covered with long lines of infantry and dismounted cavalry. I immediately dismounted the entire command,

except one regiment to guard my flanks, and pressed upon the enemy,

who had by this time opened a warm fire of infantry and artillery,

two of their guns throwing 24-pound shot. The enemy's line extended

along the crest of the ridge, the concavity being toward us. Their

flanks were thrown forward so as nearly to envelop our lines, which enabled him to fire upon our flanks, and even the rear of our right.

I hoped from their extended position that I might charge their center, but after a careful personal reconnaissance I found that they were very strong at every point. To approach the enemy it was

necessary to advance up a gentle slope through open fields which the enemy swept by both direct and cross fire. Finding that I could

gain nothing by continuing in my present position, I determined to

withdraw, Generals Martin and Armstrong recommending it. At this moment the enemy charged our right, but were most gallantly repulsed with considerable loss by a counter-charge by our troops.

We then withdrew quietly without being followed by the enemy.

Having received orders from General Bragg through the lieutenant-general commanding to report to department headquarters, I turned the command over to General Martin, and started in compliance with said order.

My thanks are due Generals Martin and Armstrong for their gallant and good conduct during the campaign. I must leave it for them to

do justice to the many brave officers and men in their commands whose gallant bearing fully sustains their former reputation.

General Vaughn, who was with me until I reached Knoxville, rendered valuable service by his gallantry and knowledge of the country.

Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers, assistant inspector-general; Major Jenkins, assistant inspector-general; Major Burford, assistant adjutant-general; Major Humes, chief of artillery; Captain Steele, engineer, and my aides, Lieutenants Pointer and Hudson, were gallant and efficient at all times.

Colonel H. B. Lyon reported to me on the 20th and was assigned to the command of the troops stationed near Kingston, where he did efficient service.

I am, colonel, with much respect, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

Colonel G. MOXLEY SORREL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, February 16, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Later information of the force near Kingston at the time General Wheeler advanced against it indicates that it was not re-enforced as it was thought at the time.

JAMES LONGSTREET,Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

