
Numbers 77.

Report of Major General William T. Martin, C. S. Army, commanding Longstreet's cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN EAST TENNESSEE, January 8, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the services rendered by the cavalry divisions of Brigadier-Generals Armstrong and Morgan, under my command. That the condition of the command when it devolved upon me may be understood, I beg leave to call attention briefly to services rendered by it immediately preceding its moving to East Tennessee:

In August last, having had for the first time in twelve months a short period of rest, the command moved to the front and took an active part in the skirmishers and battle at and near Chickamauga, fighting dismounted, with or on the flanks of the infantry during the battles. Soon after, with the exception of the First and Sixth Georgia Regiments, it moved up the Tennessee River and crossed near Washington, fighting or marching with short intervals of rest for six days. After the destruction of several railroad bridges and stockades, and of 800 of the enemy's wagons and 2,000 mules and a large amount of stores, and the capture of 1,200 prisoners and many mules, horses, and stores, it recrossed the river at Courtland, Ala., and from thence through a desolated country marched to Kingston, Ga., and thence to Parker's Ford, on the Little Tennessee River. With orders to take two days' rations and no wagons, the command crossed the river, and making a night march attacked Maryville at daylight, capturing 200 prisoners and routing a brigade of cavalry.

The next day it was moved toward Knoxville, and after fighting till after dark ran the entire cavalry of the enemy (four strong brigades with artillery, outnumbering us two to one) into the intrenchments opposite Knoxville.

The second day afterward the command was marched to a point below Louisville, and crossing the river marched to Knoxville, when it reported to Lieutenant-General Longstreet.

A few days afterward, the First and Sixth Georgia having reported to me for duty, the command moved upon Kingston by a forced march and made an ineffective attempt to take that place. The strength of the position, the weight of metal of their artillery, and the steadiness of the enemy's force there foiled our efforts. Major-General Wheeler, under whose immediate orders the foregoing movements were made, placed me in command and left to report to General Bragg on November 24 last.

On the 24th, I moved the command to Knoxville, and it was engaged in picketing and skirmishing with the enemy in front of that place, suffering greatly for forage.

On the 26th, I moved Harrison's brigade, of Armstrong's division, and Russell's brigade, of Morgan's division, under command of Brigadier-General Morgan, across the Holston below Knoxville to participate in a demonstration upon the enemy's lines there. The men were dismounted and moved with the infantry on its left flank. Russell's brigade was warmly engaged, and drove the enemy from his rifle-pits upon the side of a difficult ridge. Colonel Thomas Harrison, on the extreme left, found no enemy in his front.

35 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

