
On November 29, these two brigades recrossed the river, and by a forced march, made by order of Lieutenant-General Longstreet, I moved with part of my force toward Tazewell to meet a supposed advance of the enemy from that direction.

Reaching the vicinity of Maynardville in the afternoon of the 30th, I found General Jones' division skirmishing with the enemy. It was too late to attack. General Armstrong, with his division, was sent around to the night to reach the rear of the enemy before daylight. The remainder of my force moved at daylight on Maynardville, but the enemy had rapidly retreated soon after daylight, leaving a small picket, which was captured, Being joined by General Armstrong, his division was pushed toward Clinch River, while General Jones' command was sent to the right to endeavor to effect a lodgment between the enemy and the river. A force of the enemy prevented his success. General Armstrong pushed the enemy in front, and finally he was driven across the river, after being pursued for some miles through difficult gorges, made more difficult by a frozen stream.

I returned to Knoxville in obedience to orders, reaching there December 2. The army on the second night afterward, the siege of Knoxville being raised, commenced its retreat toward Rogersville. General Morgan's division followed, covering the rear of General McLaws' division on the south side of the Holston. General Armstrong's division performed the same service on the Knoxville and river roads. The infantry and artillery having passed Bean's Station, I was ordered to move to the south side of the Holston and cover the railroad and left flank.

On December 10, a brigade of the enemy's cavalry attacked General Morgan's division at Russellville, while the greater portion of it was foraging. The enemy was handsomely repulsed by one-third of its number, leaving dead, wounded, and prisoners in our hands.

In this affair the First and Sixth Georgia and Third Alabama Regiments were conspicuous for gallantry. Colonel Crews deserves mention for his skill and bravery on this occasion.

Lieutenant-General Longstreet having turned upon the enemy and attacked him at Bean's Station, I was ordered to cross the river and operate in his rear. While engaged in this movement, in order to cross the river it became necessary to dislodge the brigade of cavalry guarding May's Ford. This was done by a rapid fire of artillery from White's and Wiggins' batteries, of Morgan's division. The enemy lost 60 killed and wounded here.

Early next morning the enemy's pickets were driven in, and before I had entirely effected a crossing I was ordered to move upon the enemy's flank on the Knoxville road, 4 miles from Bean's Station. This was done immediately, and a high hill gained, from which my artillery could enfilade the enemy's breastworks. With great labor the guns were placed in position and rapidly and effectively served.

In the meantime, Morgan's division was dismounted and moved upon the enemy's flank. My guns were in sight of, and only 400 or 500 yards from, our infantry skirmishers, who it was expected would attack in front. My fire was continued for 1 1/2 hours, and the enemy began to retire, but was able to detach a large force to hold my men in check, as he was not pressed in front. With concert of action great damage could have been done the enemy on this day. Colonel Giltner, with his cavalry brigade, was on the side of Clinch Mount-

