
am, on the enemy's left flank, and prepared to second any movement of our infantry. As no movement was made, I held my position.

The next day I moved down the Knoxville and river roads in front of the enemy, who had retired in the night, and after several unimportant skirmishes we found him in a strong position, on Richland Creek, holding both roads with a force too great for my cavalry to cope with in a country not at all suited for cavalry operations.

On December 22, the command returned across the Holston and established a picket line from near New Market to Dandridge. Colonel Russell's brigade was posted 4 miles east of Dandridge. Colonel Crews' half way from Morristown to Dandridge. General Armstrong's division was concentrated at Talbott's Depot, on the road leading from Morristown to New Market. Commanders of divisions were instructed to attack the enemy in flank or rear if he made an attack upon any of these three positions.

On the morning of the 24th, simultaneous attacks were made upon General Armstrong and upon Colonel Russell. After spirited skirmishing the former, being flanked and outnumbered, was compelled to withdraw his pickets from near New Market to the eastern side of Mossy Creek. An unexpected attack upon Colonel Russell was made by 2,000 cavalry under Colonel Campbell. Russell's brigade was for a moment in confusion, but rallied and repulsed the enemy, who fell back 2 miles toward Dandridge.

In the meantime, four regiments of Crews' brigade (in all 600 men) moved in the rear of the enemy. Two of the regiments being in advance made a spirited charge on the enemy and captured his battery of artillery. Support being too far off, the brave men who made the charge were driven from the guns, and Major Bale, commanding Sixth Georgia, was left dead in the midst of the battery. Two pieces of artillery and the two remaining regiments of the brigade coming up, and the whole command being dismounted, the enemy was pushed from one position to another, until finally routed he abandoned one gun and caisson, his dead and wounded, and under cover of night escaped capture. Colonel Russell's brigade should have moved up, but the courier sent with orders failed to reach him. He was watching the movements of 500 of the enemy, who were moving on Crews' right, trying to escape.

I have never witnessed greater gallantry than was displayed by Colonel Crews and the officers and men of the First, Second, Third, and Sixth Georgia Cavalry. The Fourth Georgia Cavalry was on detached service from this engagement at Kingston till December 30. The enemy, mounted, three times charged our dismounted men in open field and were as often repulsed, but not until, mingling in our ranks, some of his men were brought to the ground by clubbed guns. The enemy was pursued without effect by Colonel Russell in the night to New Market.

On the 27th, I made an effort to dislodge the enemy from Mossy Creek, but desisted, as couriers with orders to General Morgan did not find him, and he without orders moved his command, dismounted, from the position I had assigned to him, and made it thus impossible to effect my object.

On the 29th, I engaged the enemy at 9 a. m. with all my guns and 2,000 men. The fighting occurred on both sides of the railroad leading from Mossy Creek to Morristown, and commenced one-quarter

