
While officers and men deserve great credit for their gallantry in the advance, their conduct during this difficult and hazardous movement to the rear entitles them to the highest praise. The enemy's bugles often sounded the charge. At first the charge was made, but not a second one. At dusk, after nine hours of severe fighting and marching, the command was halted and formed, and the enemy finally repulsed. There was not then an average of 1 round of ammunition to the man.

No action had taken place since the 29th; only slight skirmishes have occurred.

I would mention Brigadier-Generals Armstrong and Morgan, and Colonels Crews and Harrison, commanding brigades, and Colonel Thompson, Third Georgia, and Colonel Malone for gallantry on the 29th.

Captain Huggins, Lieutenants Pue and Blake, all of the artillery, deserve special mention. It is difficult, however, to distinguish.

The officers and men vied with each other in the discharge of their duties.

I cannot omit to mention a most gallant charge made by the Eighth Texas Regiment (the Rangers).

I would call attention to remarks of the division and brigade commanders upon the destitute condition of their men. Their representations are not colored. A very large proportion of my men, and even officers, are ragged and barefooted, without blankets or overcoats. Owing to the want of attention to the duties of his office, the quartermaster of General Wheeler's corps left my command in great need of clothing. We have drawn none for fall or winter. A very large number of my horses are unshod. The men have received no pay for six months. The extremely cold weather has made it almost impossible for me to move. I refer to the reports* of Generals Armstrong and Morgan and Colonels Harrison, Biffle, and Crews for further particulars.

A tabular statement* of casualties is hereto appended.

The activity of the cavalry and multiplicity of its marches since I took command of it will furnish an excuse for the length of this report.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLINOIS T. MARTIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Longstreet's Corps.

Numbers 78.

Thanks of the Confederate Congress to Lieutenant General James Longstreet and his command.

Numbers 42.-JOINT RESOLUTIONS of thanks to Lieutenant-General Longstreet and the officers and men of his command.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are due, and hereby cordially tendered, to Lieutenant General James Longstreet and the officers and men of his command, for their patriotic services and brilliant achievements in the present war, sharing as they have the arduous fatigues and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

