
privations of many campaigns in Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Georgia, and Tennessee, and participating in nearly every great battle fought in those States, the commanding general ever displaying great ability, skill, and prudence in command, and the officers and men the most heroic bravery, fortitude, and energy, in every duty they have been called upon to perform.

Resolved, That the President be requested to transmit a copy of the foregoing resolution to Lieutenant-General Longstreet for publication to his command.

Approved February 17, 1864.

NOVEMBER 5, 1863.-Skirmish in Loudon County, Tennessee

Report of Colonel George G. Dibrell, Eighth Tennessee Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS, McGee's, November 5, [1863]-1.15 a. m.

DEAR SIR: I started Colonel Biffle, with about 350 men, across the river on a scout this a. m. When his advance was about a quarter of a mile from the river, the balance in the river crossing, they were met by a large cavalry force of the enemy, pouring a heavy fire into my men, charging them. Colonel Biffle attempted to recross the river, but quite a number of his men were cut off, and went up and down the river, and I fear are captured. Several are known to be killed and wounded. We rallied to the river on foot with the balance of the command and drew them off, and firing had ceased. Thirty or 40 are yet missing. There may some get across below and above. I have sent additional pickets to all the fords near. Will advise you if attacked again. I think they are moving up to hold the north bank.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel.

Major J. J. REEVE.

NOVEMBER 6, 1863.-Action near Rogersville, Tennessee

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Colonel Israel Garrard, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, commanding United States forces.

Numbers 2.-Major Daniel A. Carpenter, Second Tennessee (mounted) Infantry.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General James M. Shackelford, U. S. Army.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Selby Harney, Thirty-fourth Kentucky Infantry.

Numbers 5.-Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia and East Tennessee.

Numbers 6.-Major General Robert Ransom, jr., C. S. Army, commanding District of South-western Virginia and East Tennessee.

Numbers 7.-Brigadier General William E. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 8.-Colonel James M. Corns, Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 9.-Colonel H. L. Giltner, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry (Confederate), commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

---------------

*See also Burnside to Grant, November 6 and 7, Part III.

---------------

