
Garrard) of everything they could learn concerning the movements of the enemy.

While Captain Marney and his men were waiting on Captain Rogers to get ready to start, Captain Marney discovered a body of mounted men moving rapidly toward them from the direction of Kingsport. Captain Marney asked Captain Rogers if he had pickets out, to which Captain Rogers replied he had. Just at that moment a brigade of rebels with drawn sabers charged upon Captain Marney and his men. The road being narrow, the rebels ran over Captain Marney and his men, making a large portion of them prisoners. The rebels tarried but a few moments, left a small squad with the prisoners, and proceeded toward Rogersville. Very near all of the men captured escaped and returned to our camp in advance of the rebels, and informed Colonel Garrard of what had happened; this was about sunrise. Previous to

this time Colonel Garrard had ordered me to strike tents, load my wagons, saddle my horses, and be ready to move or fight at any moment. Colonel Garrard came very soon to my quarters. I had everything ready, and was just finishing my breakfast. He informed me the rebels were at that time in Rogersville; requested me to have my train to move out on the Rogersville road a short distance and halt.

Near this time the train of the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry came up. I ordered my train to fall in behind said train; they did so and then halted. Colonel Garrard informed me he would take the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry and move down toward Rogersville and see if he could ascertain anything from the rebels, at the same time ordering me to send out two companies east of our camp to meet the enemy if they should come from the direction of Carter's Valley; also ordered me to detail 50 men and send them east of our camp to hold a hill and prevent the enemy from occupying it. This was promptly done. Colonel Garrard moved with the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry toward Rogersville, but had not gone far when I heard a volley of musketry, and very soon the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry returned at full speed; a number of them had thrown their guns down and were in a perfect state of confusion.

Major McIntire, of the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, came to me and stated that Colonel Garrard was killed and I would have to take command of the forces. I requested Major McIntire to try and collect his men, they being completely demoralized. He said the panic and confusion in his regiment resulted from the death of Colonel Garrard. At this time two guns of Phillips' battery were nearly a half mile east of our position without support. I immediately dispatched Lieutenant Shaw, of the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, to order the two guns to fall back across the creek and take position near where I was with the remainder of my regiment. Lieutenant Shaw delivered the order, and the lieutenant commanding the guns remarked that the rebels were within 100 yards of his position in a ditch, and would certainly capture them if he attempted to move, though he thought he could keep them at bay for a while with grape and canister. Lieutenant Shaw directed him to do so and returned. By this time Colonel Garrard arrived; he had lost his hat and was, seemingly, very much excited. He stated the rebels were coming from Rogersville, and ordered me to move with my regiment in that direction, to the edge of the woods, and advance two companies as skirmishers. Colonel Garrard accompanied me, pointing out the position he wished my regiment to occupy. He

