
requested me to tie my horses and put as many men in the fight as I could; that we would not try to escape, but whip the rebels if possible, ordering me to hold the position assigned me at all hazards until further orders from him. I ordered Captain Carns to move forward with companies C, G, and B as skirmishers. He did so, and soon met the enemy and commenced a brisk skirmish, driving them back some 300 yards. I then ordered Captain Carns to return to me.

At or near this time the rebels charged and captured the two guns east of----Creek near the house of Mr. Russell. They then moved toward our camp. The Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry was formed near the camp and supporting the two guns yet remaining in our possession. Colonel Garrard sent me orders to send three companies to support the two guns. I started three companies under command of Captain Carns; when he got in sight of the point ordered to, he discovered the rebels had taken the guns. They (the rebels) raised the yell and commenced advancing from every direction on my position. I sent an orderly to inform Colonel Garrard if he did not assist me I would soon be completely surrounded. By this time Captain Carns returned; he had been cut off from me by the rebels, and very nearly the whole of the three companies captured. Captain Carns informed me that Colonel Garrard and the whole of the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry had left the field, and were across the Holston River.

The 50 men detailed to hold the hill east of our camp, also the two companies sent east of our camp, had been skirmishing some time.

When the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry left the field they, the two companies and 50 detailed men, were compelled to fall back to my position. A number of them were captured in returning. At this time I did not have more than 200 men who had ammunition, and was completely surrounded by at least 4,000 rebels, who were within 75 yards of us, demanding a surrender. They had already possession of my horses, and were killing and wounding my men at a fearful rate. I summoned the officers of my regiment and consulted with them as to what measures best to adopt. All instantly agreed that a surrender was the only thing possible, so I at once surrender myself and command. William Russell, of Company A, was shot and killed after we had grounded arms.

The officers and men of Captain Phillips' (Second Illinois) battery discharged their duty nobly.

We were marched the whole of the night following our capture. During that night a number of the men effected their escape.

The officers and men of the Second East Tennessee Mounted Infantry performed their duty with the most gratifying coolness and courage, and were only induced to surrender to greatly superior numbers after all hope of further successful resistance was gone. The position in which we were placed by Colonel Garrard I was ordered to hold until he should give me directions to abandon it, and it was in carrying out my instructions that the regiment was captured.

Colonel, I some time since made application for a court of inquiry to investigate the circumstances of our capture, and as statements have been made prejudicial to the good name of my regiment, I respectfully reiterate my request for a court of inquiry, in order that the blame may be placed where it properly belongs. I feel fully satisfied that when the facts of the case are known, the officers and

