
men of the Second East Tennessee Mounted Infantry will be found to have done their whole duty.
As the time of service of my regiment will soon expire, I respectfully urge that the court my be ordered at as early a day as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. A. CARPENTER,

Major Second East Tennessee Mounted Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3.

Reports of Brigadier General James M. Shackelford, U. S. Army.

MORRISTOWN, November 7, 1863.

I have as yet been unable to learn definitely of more than 60 or 70 of the Second Tennessee that escaped, but they are still coming in small squads of 2 and 3, and as they were familiar with the country I take it for granted that many are still unreported who were not captured. The horses that were not killed in the race were ruined. Many [men] lost their arms; the rest of them, I understand, left for Knoxville this a. m. There are 360 of the Seventh Ohio who have arrived. I will send scouts as directed. If I am not more deceived than I think possible, you may rest perfectly easy in relation to an attack on the force up here by the enemy; he has not exceeding 3,500 mounted men, all told. His infantry will not cross the rivers. They are not doing one thing by way of rebuilding bridges, &amp;c.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

General BURNSIDE.

MORRISTOWN, November 7, 1863.

GENERAL: Since sending you dispatch in relation to numbers of Second Tennessee and Seventh Ohio that escaped, Colonel Garrard reports that Captain Rankin and his company, who had been sent of Jonesborough on scout, had come in making 430 of the Seventh Ohio. Captain Jones, of the Second Tennessee, has just reported that he understands that 56 of the Second Tennessee were at Bean's Station this a. m.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

General BURNSIDE.

Numbers 4.

Report of Colonel Selby Harney, Thirty-fourth Kentucky Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Morristown, Tennessee, November 7, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report:

About 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon, information was brought to me that the rebels were coming in force on the Greeneville road, driv-

