
ing Colonel Garrard's command from Rogersville before them. Pretty shortly after, squads of them (Garrard's command) could be seen galloping bare-headed into town, and to all appearances perfectly demoralized. I had in the meanwhile moved my regiment upon the hill, directing Lieutenant-Colonel Dillard to support the battery. The greater part of the Eleventh Tennessee I ordered out on the Greeneville road, if possible to get some information of the enemy. The other portion I sent on the Bean's Station road.

After being directed by you to hold this place at all hazards, I received a dispatch from General Willcox (copy inclosed), directing me, in case I could do no better, to fall back. I telegraphed him what your orders were, and that I should wait for him.

At 6 o'clock, after showing Colonel Garrard what I had done and the men I had for defense, I turned over the command to him, he being senior officer. I, however, continued to throw up rifle-pits all night.

I cannot close without expressing surprise that Colonel Garrard did not send word in advance to me that he was coming, an I am doubly thankful to the officers and men of my command for the promptness and alacrity with which they took their position in line, notwithstanding the reports from the panic-stricken and demoralized men seen galloping around the base of the hill on which we were posted.

I am, colonel, respectfully yours,

S. HARNEY,

Colonel Thirty-fourth Kentucky Infantry, Comdg. Post.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

GREENEVILLE, November 6, 1863.

Colonel HARNEY:

I shall move to Bull's Gap. If you cannot do better, fall back in as good order as possible.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 5.

Reports of Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia and East Tennessee.

NARROWS, November 7, 1863.

GENERAL: The following just received from Blountsville:

Our cavalry, under Brigadier General W. E. Jones and Colonel Giltner, yesterday captured at Rogersville 850 prisoners, 4 pieces of artillery, 2 stand of colors, 60 wagons, and about 1,000 animals. Our loss, 2 killed and 6 or 8 wounded.

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

General Echols has reached Union. Extent of his loss not reported. I will join him to-morrow.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER.

(Same to General Bragg.)

