
[Indorsements.]

NOVEMBER 8, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

I am happy to relieve in some measure the anguish inspired by the news I was constrained to communicate this morning* by the more cheering intelligence of the within just received by me.

J. A. SEDDON.

This success may affect the movements of the enemy in front of General Jones.

J. D[AVIS].
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST Tennessee, Dublin, December 11, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward with this the reports of Major General R. Ransom, jr., and his subordinate commanders of the attack on the enemy near Rogersville, Tennessee, and the reports of Brigadier General John Echols and subordinate commanders of the battle of Droop Mountain, in Pocahontas County, W. Va. Both these affairs occurred on the same day (6th ultimo).

The affair at Rogersville was a complete success and reflects great credit on the officers and men concerned.+

With great respect, your obedient servant,SAM. JONES,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

Numbers 6.

Report of Major General Robert Ransom, jr., C. S. Army, commanding District of Southwestern Virginia and East Tennessee.

HDQRS. DIST. SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST Tennessee, Camp near Blountsville, Tennessee, November 14, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose reports of Brigadier-General Jones and Colonel Giltner relative to late attack upon the enemy at Rogersville. General Jones has supplied copies of my letters to him, and they accompany his report. Colonel Giltner's report was sent to General Jones for indorsement. I inclose both the note of my adjutant-general to General Jones and his reply thereto; also my letter of instructions to Colonel Giltner. I regret there should be any discrepancies in the two reports, but I am satisfied they are not irreconcilable. It was intended for the attacks by both brigades to be independent, but simultaneous, and of course when the two forces came together the senior officer was to take command of the

---------------

*Report of Echols' defeat at Droop Mountain, W. Va. See Series I, Vol. XXIX, Part I, p. 525.

+Portion here omitted is printed with reports of engagement at Droop Mountain, W. Va. See also Jones' report of February 6, 1864, in Series I, Vol. XXX, Part II, p. 602.

---------------

