
whole. I did not intend to unite the brigades as my instructions show.

The result of the expedition is the best proof that it was conducted well, and I am unwilling to create or sustain bickering or jealousy when there should be mutual good feeling. General Jones was verbally instructed to change the point of crossing the river, if from fuller information it should become advisable. The first report gave as captured 850 prisoners, 4 pieces of artillery, 60 wagons, and 1,000 animals. About 775 prisoners arrived, the artillery as at first reported, 32 wagons, and 3 ambulances. The regimental colors and our garrison flag are in my hands. One regimental flag was captured, but in some way lost. I regret that up to this time I have been unable to have accounted for more than about 300 animals, all told. I much fear they were appropriated by the men and have been sent off and sold. There is no other reasonable conclusion. The affair was a decided success, and I have thanked the officers and soldiers engaged in it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dublin, Va.

[Inclosures.]
HDQRS. DIST. SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST Tennessee, Near Blountsville, Tennessee, November 12, 1863.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inclose the report of Colonel Giltner for your indorsement, inasmuch as the two brigades were united in the latter part of the affair of the 6th instant. He requests that you forward your report of the same affair as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. ROWLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JONES' BRIGADE, November 13, 1863.

Major THOMAS ROWLAND,Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of W. Va. and East Tennessee:

MAJOR: In reply to yours, inclosing a report of Colonel Giltner relative to the attack on the enemy near Rogersville, the 6th instant, I can say if by indorsement you wish me to confirm his statements, such is not in my power. My report will show you the affair appears to me in a different light from what it does to Colonel Giltner. As the report is not addressed to me, and is not sent through me, I presume it was not intended I should correct errors in it. I was under the impression I commanded in this affair, and the statement of Mr. Watterson will show Colonel Giltner was of the same opinion before the fight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General.

