HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, Camp near Blountsville, November 3, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN S. WILLIAMS,Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: It is represented that there is at Rogersville a body of two or three regiments of the enemy, and it is desired to capture that force. You will drop down the river with your brigade, having pickets at the fords, cross the North Fork of Holston, and attack at Rogersville at daylight in the morning of Friday, the 6th instant. Brigadier General W. E. Jones will proceed by the Horse Creek and Beach Creek Valley roads and attack simultaneously with you. Your march after getting across the North Fork should be rapid and in the night. You can go a few miles below Kingsport, so as to reach Rogersville easily in the night of Thursday, and make the attack as directed. No wagons except for ammunition will be taken. You can carry the battery now with you if you desire it. Have prepared enough cooked rations for the movement. After executing the movement and the attack you will return rapidly to your present position. Concert between you and Brigadier-General Jones will be necessary. General Jones has been directed after the attack to return to his present position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DIST. SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST Tennessee, Blountsville, Tennessee, November 4, 1863.

Brig. General John S. Williams having been relieved of his command, and Colonel Giltner assigned to the command of his brigade, the latter officer will execute the order herein conveyed.

R. RANSOM, Jr.,Major-General.

Numbers 7.

Report of Brigadier General William E. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS JONES' BRIGADE, Near Carter's Station, Tennessee, November 13, 1863.

MAJOR: In accordance with inclosed instructions from headquarters District Southwestern Virginia and East Tennessee, my command rendezvoused at Banchman's Ford on the 4th instant. On inquiry finding if it crossed here there would be danger of alarming the enemy, I deemed it best to cross near Spurgeon's Mill, and encamped for the night a few miles below.

Moving early next morning the command halted at Easly's, on Horse Creek, 5 miles from Kingsport, and fed the horses. From this point I communicated with Colonel Giltner near noon my intention to execute the original plan of attack. Arriving 17 miles from Rogersville on the Beach Creek road near dark, we halted to

