
feed and cook rations. Here it was ascertained the road leading to Smith's and Dodson's Fords ran within 6 miles of the camps of the enemy. It was also ascertained both fords were difficult and dangerous, and the night was dark and rainy.

To reach the point assigned me by the hour designated required me to cross the Holston before daylight. By intricate mountain paths, exacting the utmost care on the part of all, we reached the Long Shoals, 12 miles above Rogersville, and crossed in safety. Reaching the old stage road, nothing could be heard of Colonel Giltner's command, but I determined to turn the position of the enemy at the mouth of Big Creek by way of the Carter's Valley road, my brigade crossing the old stage road for this purpose. Soon a messenger overtook me with tidings of Colonel Giltner, also reporting about 100 Federal Tennessee home guards at Kincade's. Pushing ahead part of the Eighth Virginia Cavalry to surround and capture this force, they encountered near where the home guards were expected a scout of 50 men from the Second Tennessee Federal Regiment. The attack was made with such vigor that but 17 men of this force escaped this onset. Moving on briskly to the junction of the roads, the Eighth Regiment turned east on the old stage road and took position on the first eminence.

As it was now long after Colonel Giltner should have made his attack and no engagement could be heard, I felt assured the enemy must have made his escape, but moved the Eighth across to the river road from Big Creek to Dodson's Ford in hopes of intercepting fugitives. The men of the Twenty-seventh Battalion Virginia Cavalry, under Captain J. B. Thompson, were ordered to charge into Rogersville, and in so doing captured upward of 100 prisoners and some army supplies. For the same reason the Eighth was ordered to the river road. Colonel Witcher was ordered with his own and the Thirty-seventh Battalion Virginia Cavalry to Smith's Ford. The Thirty-sixth Battalion Virginia Cavalry was held in reserve near town, and the Twenty-first Regiment Virginia Cavalry in the position first held by the Eighth Regiment. The Twenty-seventh Battalion Virginia Cavalry was ordered, after the captures in Rogersville, by the railroad to the river. After these dispositions had been made a party of 55 home guards (Federal) attacked the town from the west, but were easily dispersed by a small party under Lieutenant W. M. Hopkins, aide-de-camp.

After all the prisoners had been collected and marched out east of the town, the wagons loaded, hitched to, and driven to the forks of the main roads, was heard the first firing in the direction of Big Creek. The Twenty-first Regiment was immediately ordered up the old stage road with directions to be guided by the firing and to join in the battle. The Thirty-sixth Battalion was ordered up from town and all the other commands were recalled in haste. The old stage road being open, the Twenty-first having moved across toward the river, a party of 125 of the enemy attempted to escape toward Rogersville, but were intercepted and all captured by the timely arrival of Witcher's, Claiborne's, and Smith's commands. By this time firing had ceased in front and I felt assured of the surrender of the enemy, as proved to be the case.

Two hundred and ninety-four prisoners were taken by my brigade, acting alone. The Eighth Virginia took 9 wagons and teams, 7 of which were secured. The remainder of the command took 3 wagons and 2 ambulances, all of which were secured.

