
of two roads leading from Trenton to Shellmound, and about 1 mile from last-named place on the branch railroad to Gordon's mines.

Direct the officer in command to detach two companies from this regiment to picket the forks of road leading to the right at the point [where] it intersects the direct road from Trenton to Bridgeport.

You will detach also a cavalry picket of 12 men to report to the officer in command of said regiment,and by him to be instructed to be thrown out at once in the direction of Trenton, extending their reconnaissance, if practicable, to that point. These men must be instructed to report all the information they can see and collect of the movements of the enemy. If they should discover a forage at Trenton,they will endeavor to find out its strength, and report whether infantry or cavalry, or both, and, if important, to be communicated to headquarters (which will be at Running Waters to-night) without delay.

The officer instructed with the command of this detached force will be instructed to hold the position at which his main force is posted at all hazards, and the two companies detached their position as long as it is practicable to do so, and if forced back it will be in the direction of their regiment.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIGNAL STATION, BROWN'S FERRY, October 28, 1863. (Received 6 a.m.)

General TURCHIN:

General Smith desires me to say that he wishes you to slash the isolated square piece of woods on your front center to-day. His headquarters are at this signal station.

P. C. F. WEST,

Aide-de-Camp.

CHATTANOOGA, October 28, 1863-8 p.m. (Received 1.50 a.m., 29th.)

Maj. General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Thomas' plan for securing the river and south side road hence to Bridgeport has proven eminently successful. The question of supplies may now be regarded as settled. If the rebels give us one week more time I think all danger of losing territory now held by us will have passed away, and preparations may commence for offensive operations.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,Within Three Miles of Whiteside's, October 28, 1863.

Maj. General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My command took up the line of march at the hour indicated, this morning, and I am progressing as rapidly as possible.

