
From Colonel Corns' report it will be seen the roads west of the position of the enemy were held by the Eighth Virginia Cavalry, and a large part of the 556 prisoners taken here were taken by the Eighth and sent in charge of an officer to Colonel Giltner. Had Colonel Giltner made a prompt and hold attack that would have discovered the position of the enemy before my dispositions were made, under the impression of his having abandoned his position, it is believed none would have escaped. The unaccountable delay, doubtless, has proved very detrimental to our interests.

To Captain McKinney, of General Jackson's staff; to Mr. W. H. Watterson, clerk of my brigade quartermaster, and to Mr. Fipps and other guides my thanks are especially due for their activity, energy, and judgment on this occasion.

To Lieutenant W. M. Hopkins, of my personal staff, I am under great obligations for the efficient discharge of his official duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General.

Major THOMAS ROWLAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. S. W. Va., and E. Tennessee

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, Camp Near Blountsville, Tennessee, November 3, 1863.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: I inclose a letter of instruction and a map* for your guidance. I find the Horse Creek Valley too much to your right. You must take the most direct road, or the one you think best. Dodson's Ford is represented to me as the best. I will send to you Captain McKinney, of General Jackson's staff, who knows the country thoroughly about Rogersville. It looks as though it would rain, and we may be prevented from making the movement. Williams will be relieved to-morrow, and I shall have to send the letter of instruction of Colonel Giltner. You had best have the battery come to this side of the Holston, and let me know where you have it. I

shall move up toward the junction of the two rivers to-morrow on the Jonesborough road. It may rain and cause the river to rise after you get to Rogersville. In that event you may make your way out by Kingsport. Reports from Kingsport and Rogersville represent the enemy encamped on Big Creek 4 miles above Rogersville. Give directions so that your wagons may not get into any difficulty. If you can do so it would be well for you to come here to-night.

* * * * * * *

Giltner will have orders to attack at the same hour you do, that is at daylight on Friday morning. Neither should wait for the other, as both have the same orders.

Yours, truly,

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

