
[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, Camp near Blountsville, November 3, 1863.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: It is represented that there is at Rogersville a force of two or three regiments of the enemy, and it is desired to capture that force. You will please collect your brigade, throwing a force in the direction of Jonesborough, and with greater part proceed to Rogersville by a route leading up Horse Creek and down Beach Creek Valley, cross the Holston at one of the fords near Rogersville, and attack at daylight on Friday morning, the 6th instant. You will cover the road leading to my rear by small pickets, so as to carry information both to yourself and to the infantry on the north side of the Holston east of Kingsport. Brigadier-General Williams, commanding cavalry brigade, will move by way of Kingsport across the North Fork of Holston and join in the attack at the same time as yourself.

After starting directly for Rogersville rapidity will be required both in the execution of the march and attack, and in your return to your present position. I need hardly caution you as to your left flank. The force sent toward Jonesborough should cover it, as well as check a direct advance in that direction. You will have enough cooked rations prepared, and take nothing else except ammunition. No wagons except for ammunition will be taken. I leave it to your discretion to take the battery of artillery now with you or not, as you may deem best. If not carried have it properly posted, so as to do good service if needed and not to be subject to capture.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. RANSOM, Jr.,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

HDQRS. JONES' CAVALRY BRIGADE, Q. M. DEPT., November 13, 1863.

Being called upon by Brigadier General W. E. Jones to give a statement of my connection with the affair at Big Creek, Hawkins County, Tennessee, I most respectfully submit the following:

Left by General Jones at the house of Mr. William Lyons, where the road from Long's Ford crosses the old stage road, in order to see that the brigade under his (General Jones') command took the right road, when I saw that Colonel Giltner's column had arrived I went to the head of it, and while there understood from him that he was going to halt his brigade at Surgoinsville until he heard from General Jones. This was concluded upon, I supposed, since General Jones had crossed the river at least 14 miles from and above the ford at which it was intended when the expedition begun, and to have an understanding as to the plan of attack. When the rear of Jones' brigade had passed the crossing of the roads I hastened on to inform General Jones of Colonel Giltner's intention. I overtook General Jones about 3 miles from where he came into Carter's Valley road going very rapidly at the head of his column. When I told him that Colonel Giltner was awaiting at Surgoinsville to hear from him

36 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

