
the enemy being permitted to enter the town. Company E, led by Captain H. C. Everett, having captured some 40 of them, dispersed the remainder of them in the woods.

Meeting with no further obstruction, my command was moved, by your direction, immediately in rear of the enemy, on road leading to a ferry below Rogersville. While moving my command through the woods (the undergrowth is very dense at this point) I found myself within 20 yards of the wagon train of the enemy, which had been sent to the rear, their pickets being already driven in from the front by Colonel Giltner. Finding the enemy's wagon train about to move, I ordered my command to charge the guard, composed of about 75 or 80 men, which they did, capturing the whole of the wagon train and nearly all of the guard. I then immediately moved on with my regiment, and soon found myself closely engaged with the main force of the enemy. I immediately posted my command behind a fence and on a wooded hill-side, in easy range of the enemy's camp, where we remained under a heavy fire about fifteen minutes.

The enemy were about to charge my position when Colonel Giltner commenced the action in front, which appeared to disconcert the enemy so much that, although they made an effort in considerable force to dislodge me, they were quickly repulsed and driven back on their former position. Colonel Giltner attacking vigorously about (his time, the enemy threw down their arms and fled in every direction, large numbers of them surrendering on the field. Others were captured in squads through the neighborhood; a few of them, however, made their escape across the river.

My command succeeded in capturing in this affair upwards of 300 prisoners, 9 wagons and teams loaded with quartermaster's stores, 7 of which we succeeded in bringing with us. We also captured a large number of small-arms, saddles, and about 90 horses and mules, in addition to the mules that were attached to the wagons.

The command was moved, by your direction, on the Carter's Valley road back to Blountsville, where we arrived safely on the 8th instant, bringing with us, besides captured property above mentioned, some 800 prisoners.

Our loss in this affair is 1 killed and 2 or 3 slightly wounded.

I am, general, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CORNS,

Colonel, Commanding Eighth Virginia Cavalry.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 9.

Report of Colonel H. L. Giltner, Fourth Kentucky Cavalry (Confederate), commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Kingsport, Tennessee, November 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops under my command during the recent expedition into the enemy's lines:

In obedience to orders from district headquarters I moved out of

