
Kingsport at 6 p. m. on 5th instant. You are already furnished with the general order containing the different corps of the command and their order of march. The whole force did not exceed 1,200, as the return of my adjutant-general for that day exhibits. Such was the secrecy with which the movement was conducted that not only the citizens, but the officers had not idea of its contemplation until it had progressed considerably toward its execution.

Some delay occurred in crossing the river on account of the darkness of the night ad the difficult passage of the horses and artillery over a bad ford. All was, however, soon in order, and the march continued in a cold, chilling rain, without further obstacle until we were unexpectedly halted by the passage of Brigadier-General Jones' brigade across our road to the Carter's Valley road, upon our right. I did not see General Jones, but learned from his staff officer that this charge in the original plan was rendered necessary by the impracticability of the road to and across the river at the ford he proposed at first to cross.

As soon as General Jones' brigade had crossed I moved on slowly, intending to halt a short time at Surgoinsville in order to give General Jones time to reach the enemy's flank and rear before attacking him in front. But just as my advance reached Surgoinsville it was fired upon by a scouting party of the enemy which had reached there that morning (now 4.30 a. m.) as I afterward learned. I communicated this fact to General Jones. The enemy, about 30 in number, retired precipitately on being pressed by a squadron of the First Tennessee, which constituted my advance.

On arriving within 2 miles of Big Creek, where the enemy were understood to be encamped, we came upon a body of the enemy in a strong position, and though not discovering more than 25 or 30, furnished reason for the suspicion of a larger force masked behind the ridge and under cover of dense pine thickets. Some time was consumed in revealing their intention and force by throwing forward flanking and skirmishing parties, before which they again retired.

We moved forward without delay, and on approaching Big Creek discovered that the enemy were in the act of crossing at Russell's Ford. Colonel Carter (First Tennessee) was sent at double-quick to cut them off, which he did in most gallant style.

Being cut off from the ford the enemy took a strong position on the opposite side of Big Creek, where they had been encamped, leaving one section of Phillips' battery, supported by three companies Second East Tennessee Mounted Infantry, at Russell's house, 300 yards in from of their position and on this side of Big Creek. Lieutenant-Colonel Trimble, Tenth Kentucky, and Major Parker, Fourth Kentucky, were brought forward and dismounted in 350 yards of this section and moved up. The men all went forward with the greatest enthusiasm, making no halt for balls, shells, or bullets. Colonel Carter, after intercepting their retreat by the ford, turned upon these two guns, and advancing by a shorter route was the first to reach them, capturing at the same time a large number of wagons which had moved out to cross the river. Without halting, a simultaneous advance was made by the three regiments (Tenth Kentucky, First Tennessee, and Fourth Kentucky) across Big Creek, which, though deep and rapid, proved no obstacle, and up the hill on which was posted their other section of artillery, supported by their main force.

At this time Captain Lowry's battery, detained by difficult roads,

