
arrived upon the field and engaged the battery of the enemy, delivering its fire most effectually. Immediately on crossing the creek our forces encountered the enemy in a chosen position, where, after an hour's sharp conflict, they succeeded in capturing the other section of Phillips' battery and about 450 of the enemy. The remainder endeavored to effect their escape by precipitate flight. Here I ordered forward Major Clarke, Sixteenth Georgia Battalion, and Colonel Slemp, Sixty-fourth Virginia, whom I had held in reserve mounted, and sent them at double-quick to pursue and overhaul the fugitives, which was done in the most praiseworthy manner, the Sixteenth Georgia Battalion following them across the river and the Sixty-fourth to Rogersville. A party of these, endeavoring to escape by a lower ford, was met by the Eighth Virginia, of General Jones' command, and most of them captured.

In all about 550 prisoners were taken by the forces under my command; four brass 6-pounder James guns (Company M, Second Illinois Light Artillery), some 30 wagons loaded with all manner of quartermaster's and commissary, medical, and ordnance stores, together with all their camps and garrison equipage, the horses and arms of the prisoners, all the papers appertaining to the adjutant-general's department, containing most valuable information, &amp;c.

As already mentioned, our forces did not exceed 1,200, of which not more than 600 were engaged actively. The forces of the enemy, commanded by Colonel Israel Garrard, Seventh Ohio Cavalry, consisted of Second East Tennessee Mounted Infantry, about full; Seventh Ohio Cavalry, 580 strong, and Phillips' battery, all composing half of Colonel James P. T. Carter's brigade (Third Brigade Cavalry, Fourth Division, Twenty-third Army Corps). Colonel Garrard, commanding, escaped with the first who crossed the river. One major, several captains, and one acting adjutant-general were among the prisoners.

Our loss will not exceed 10 killed and wounded. The enemy's about 25 or 30. Seven wounded were paroled and left in charge of a surgeon.

Every exertion was used to secure all the captures and the artillery, and about 30 wagons were brought off safely, but, owing to a want of harness for the teams, two caissons and some 20 wagons were disabled and abandoned.

It was my intention to retire to where I could find a good position and obtain forage and remain until everything valuable was secured and sent to the rear, but, General Jones coming up, ordered me to fall back that night beyond the river, which was accomplished by 9 o'clock the next morning.

Two stand of colors captured by the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry were sent up this morning. One captured by the Tenth Kentucky was delivered to you by Brigadier-General Jones, and another taken by First Tennessee was afterward stolen from the regimental wagon.*

No discrimination can be made in the gallantry of troops where every corps commanded the admiration of its officers and the gratitude of their country. Their soldierly bearing in the presence of the enemy furnishes a just cause for pride and receives the unqualified approbation of their commander. Those actively engaged and those held in check manifested alike an equal willingness, even

---------------

*The regimental flag of the Second East Tennessee Infantry is reported as having bee captured by Company B, Fourth Kentucky, and the national flag of same regiment as captured by Lieutenant-Colonel Trimble, Tenth Kentucky Battalion.

---------------

