
it thoroughly. He returned about midnight with 25 head of horses and mules. The ferry-boat was then destroyed.

November 15, broke camp at daybreak and moved down the river some 3 or 4 miles below. Captain Bowman, Fourth United States, was detached with 150 men to make a detour northward, by way of Madison Station, down the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and to secure a position in the rear of Limestone Creek, guarding the roads leading out by way of Mooresville and the point opposite Decatur, on this side the river; while I, with the remaining command, moved on down by way of Triana to the mouth of Limestone Creek.

At Triana, captured a sergeant (Confederate States Army), but found the ferry-boats (two of them) on the opposite side of the river, and saw rebels apparently guarding them; also learned that all boats below were, by Confederate authority, kept on the opposite side of the river and sent to this side only on certain preconcerted signals.

Patrolling the banks of the river, a skiff and two canoes were found. The detachment of the Fifth Iowa Cavalry was called on for volunteers to cross in these and bring off the ferry-boats. The call was almost unanimously responded to. Quartermaster Sergt. A. T. Phelps, Company G, and 11 men were selected, who, under cover of 25 sharpshooters selected from the Seventy-second Indiana, dashed across and brought off both the large boats without loss or accident. The information that all the boats below were on the opposite side of the river and also that a number were collected for some purpose over there and secreted up a creek some miles below, necessitated the idea of organizing a regular boat expedition. Lieutenant Cassell, Company I, Seventy-second Indiana, and 30 men were selected, and with instructions to capture all boats where it was practicable and join me with them at the mouth of Limestone Creek, where, should we be fortunate enough to find the enemy, they could co-operate in the attack from the river side. The boat party moved out into the stream, just beyond Triana. The advance chased a party of 15 rebels several miles, but their horses were too fleet for ours. Arriving at the mouth of Limestone [Creek] I found no enemy there; communicated with Captain Bowman, who was already in position. Learned from him that he had clased a squad of rebels and been fired on in the rear by a small party, but in both cases the enemy's horses were too fleet. He (Captain Bowman) also informed me that the day before a squad of 20 and another of 60 rebels had passed down the road and crossed over the river to Decatur. Shortly after our arrival Lieutenant Cassell and party arrived with eight boats, some of them being 60 feet long. Having learned that Major Falconnet, with four companies of rebels, was commanding the post at Decatur, I thought that with the eight boats now in my possession we could attack the post and bring off the ferry-boat without incurring too much risk; accordingly, organized an expedition to start from the mouth of Limestone, which is 5 miles above Decatur, two hours before daybreak the next morning. About 12 midnight the enemy commenced throwing up rockets, and continued some time.

November 16, deeming it advisable to be cautious and reconnoiter before dispatching the boat party, parties were sent out in all directions. At dawn the rebels opened on us a brisk fire of small-arms from across the river. A party returning from opposite Decatur brought information that two pieces of artillery could be seen across

