
the river in position and covering the landing. A prisoner captured by the same party reported he had been sent over that morning with a small party; that General Roddey had been sent for, and was to be at Decatur by sunrise; that a portion of General Lee's command had already arrived, and that they had been intrenching on the upper and river side of Decatur since midnight. Another party reported seeing the enemy throwing up earth-works.

Rather amused than otherwise at so unexpectedly stirring up so much trouble for the rebels, I deemed it not advisable to attempt just at that time capturing that only remaining boat mentioned in my instructions, and had the boats moved around from under fire of the enemy and up Limestone Creek, where they were chopped up and burned.

Having destroyed certain portions of the machinery of the mill referred to in my instructions, and which I found to be in the service of the rebels, grinding corn and sawing lumber to build boats, the command was divided into three separate detachments, and, with instructions to concentrate at Huntsville, moved out by different routes, leaving the rebels across the river still shoveling dirt, according to last accounts.

We had 1 man slightly wounded. No means of ascertaining the loss, if any, of the enemy. Arriving at Huntsville, the Fourth United States reported having captured on the way 5 Confederate soldiers, 1 of them the notorious Captain Robison.

November 17, arrived in camp here about noon. The country from Whitesburg to Decatur is bottom lands, exceedingly rich, and in a high state of cultivation; the plantations very large, generally from 2,000 to 4,000 acres each. The crop of corn is enormous, and horses, mules, cattle, hogs, and sheep were in abundance as I passed through. Many who had their stock hid out or run across the river, had just had it returned or brought out, thinking the Yankees all out of the country. As the result of the expedition, we captured and destroyed 9 ferry-boats, 9 Confederate States soldiers, one (supposed to be) a captain, and one a sergeant, and remounted the command with from 150 to 200 fine mules and horses, with a loss of 1 man slightly wounded.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. MORRIS YOUNG,

Major, Commanding Expedition.

Captain R. P. KENNEDY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Cavalry Division.

ADDENDA.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the report of Major J. M. Young, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, of his expedition through the country situated between the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and the Tennessee River, between the 14th and 17th instant. The major-general commanding directs that you tender his thanks to Major Young for the brave, energetic, and prudent manner in which the expedition was conducted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

