
Gap and Sneedville it is reported that a considerable force was crossing Clinch River at Walker's Ford to-day, 7 miles above Sneedville. That is probably the force that moved down toward Rogersville. A small scouting party, under command of Captain Hammond, Sixty-fifth Indiana, mounted, charged through the camp of a rebel regiment (Sixty-fourth Virginia), and scattered it at Mulberry Gap last night, killing 3, wounding 1, capturing 1 prisoner, some horses, and arms. We now hold Mulberry Gap, with small force. There are two rebel regiments at Sneedville. I expect to move to Cumberland Gap to-morrow.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General GRANT.

NOVEMBER 19, 1863.-Scout from Memphis, Tennessee, to Hernando, Miss.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin H. Grierson, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Colonel Hawkins, commanding the Seventh Tennessee Cavalry, has just returned from an expedition south and reports having met no force until he arrived at Hernando, where he found a picket of about 20 men, who fled upon his approach. He succeeded in killing 1 and capturing another. The prisoner has been sent to Irving prison. From the best information obtained he thinks there are about three small companies, probably 100 men in all, encamped at the ford on Coldwater, 6 miles south of Hernando. He could learn nothing of any other force this side of the Tallahatchie, except such information as was brought by the old men and ladies from Grenada, whom the general commanding saw this morning. Colonel Hawkins reports a great many people upon the roads, especially ladies.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 21, 1863.-Expedition from Island Numbers 10 to Tiptonville, Tennessee

Report of Captain Rufus S. Benson, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Island Numbers 10, Tennessee, November 22, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 284, extract 2, on the morning of the 21st November, 1863, I proceeded with 30 men of my command on the steamer O'Brien to New Madrid, Mo., and reported to Colonel Harding, commanding that post.

