
Colonel Harding furnished 50 additional men, and the expedition, now under the command of Captain Schmitz, Company B, Twenty-fifth Missouri Infantry, started for Tiptonville. On our way to that place we destroyed two boats, and at Beckham's Landing, Tennessee, seized 5 barrels of salt. We approached the town as quietly as possible, and had it not been for a man who, standing on the river bank, discovered our approach and gave the alarm, we should have succeeded either in killing or capturing a party of guerrillas. As it was, landing and making our way into town as soon as possible, we had the mortification of seeing the party, all on horseback, disappearing round a bend in the road about 200 yards distant. A volley of bullets was sent after them, with the effect of killing 1 horse and wounding 1 man.

There were in the place two stores which, having been in the habit of dealing in contraband of war, Captain Schmitz determined to confiscate their contents, which was accordingly done, and the articles they contained placed on the steamer O'Brien, which we then sent to New Madrid, having determined to proceed to Island Numbers 10 by land through New Madrid Bend. We remained all night in Tiptonville without being disturbed, and next morning marched unopposed to the landing opposite Island Numbers 10. We saw not a single armed man on our march. The O'Brien having arrived at the island early in the morning, went immediately on board, and, landing myself and men on the island, proceeded to New Madrid with Captain Schmitz and his party. The salt and articles taken from the stores in Tiptonville were left at New Madrid. I seized one mule in the bend and brought it to the island to make out the number I had been ordered to seize heretofore.

At the time I made my former report, I supposed 12 mules had been seized, but I was mistaken; there were 11. The man who notified the guerrillas of our approach is in our hands, and will be sent to Columbus. Colonel Harding expressed a willingness to furnish us all the assistance in his power whenever called upon.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. BENSON,

Captain Company H, Thirty-second Iowa Infantry.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 21-22, 1863.-Scout from Fort Pillow, Tennessee

Report of Colonel Edward H. Wolfe, Fifty-second Indiana Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS POST, Fort Pillow, Tennessee, November 22, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Having received information that a body of rebels, under the command of General [Colonel] Faulkner, were in the vicinity of Ripley, some 25 miles from this post, I accordingly ordered out a scout in that direction, consisting of 125 men (all my effective mounted force). The force left at 7 p. m. yesterday evening, and have just now returned (4 p. m.). Captain J. W. McCowick, commanding, reports that the enemy are encamped near Woodville, and are from 700 to 800 strong; mostly well armed.

