
Five prisoners, belonging to Faulkner's command, were brought in, 3 of whom were captured while on picket duty, and finding the enemy in too large force, Captain McCowick returned without making any further demonstration. Faulkner is conscripting and filling up his command rapidly, and by the end of the present week will have collected together probably 2,000 or more men.

I take occasion again to respectfully ask that the cavalry force at this post be increased.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. WOLFE,

Colonel Fifty-second Indiana Infty. Volunteers, Comdg. Post.

Captain JOHN HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 22, 1863.-Skirmish at Camp Davies, Miss.

Report of Brigadier General John D. Stevenson, U. S. Army.

CORINTH, MISS., November 22, 1863.

A force of enemy, 150 strong, under Ham, appearing on Ripley road, 5 miles from Camp Davies, were attacked by Major Cramer, First Alabama Cavalry, with 70 men, and after a sharp fight were driven in confusion in direction of Rienzi. Enemy's loss, 4 known to be killed. Our loss, 2 severely wounded.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HURLBUT.

NOVEMBER 24, 26, 1863.-Skirmishes at and near Sparta, Tennessee

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow, First Tennessee Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST TENNESSEE CAVALRY, Sparta, November 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I entered this place yesterday on three different roads, and had a skirmish on each road. I whipped Colonel Murray's force, killing 1, wounding 2, and capturing 10 men, with them 1 of Champ Ferguson's lieutenants. I have also captured several horses and arms, and destroyed some ammunition. I have sent dispatches to Washington and Pikeville. It will be impossible to hear from Washington before Saturday.

Colonel Murray has sent for the forces under Hughs, Hamilton, Daugherty, Ferguson, and others, who will probably attack me to-morrow night. I will give them hell if they come, although their force is largely superior to my own.

I would like if you would send me 20 men of the Second Michigan, with their six-shooters, and the remainder of my own regiment. I can then hold my own against any force. Have Major Dyer to send me the ammunition of the dismounted men in camp, as I probably will need it.

