
NOVEMBER 27, 1863.-Skirmish at Mounticello, Ky.

Report of Colonel John M. Hughs, Twenty-fifth Tennessee Infantry (Confederate), including skirmishes near Sparta, Tennessee, November 30; at Scottsville, Ky., December 8, and near Livingston, Tennessee, December 15.

DALTON, GA., April 28, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report of my operations in Middle Tennessee.*

On the 27th November I attacked Monticello, Ky., with 149 men, and captured the town with its entire garrison, numbering 153 officers and men, with but little stores of any kind. The prisoners were paroled on the spot. In this affair Major Bledsoe, of the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, was severely wounded by accident.

On the 30th November, a fight occurred between the rear guard of my command, under Captain R. H. Bledsoe, and a party of Colonel Brownlow's (Tennessee) regiment. For the numbers engaged the fighting was very severe. The enemy lost 13 killed, 8 wounded, and 7 captured. My loss, 5 killed.

On the 8th December I attacked, with about 200 men. Scottsville, Ky., capturing the place with its garrison, composed of Captain Gilliam's company of the Fifty-second Kentucky Regiment, numbering 86 men, and a considerable quantity of quartermaster and commissary stores, together with about 500 stand of small-arms and several hundred saddles, bridles, &amp;c. The prisoners were paroled. My loss, 1 killed.

On the 15th December, near Livingston, Tennessee, I attacked, with a portion of my command, numbering less than 100, a detachment of the Thirteenth Kentucky Mounted Infantry [Cavalry], numbering 250 men, under Major Hurt, and succeeded in whipping and driving them out of the State, a distance of 18 miles, killing and wounding several and capturing 6. My loss, 2 wounded.+

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. HUGHS.

NOVEMBER 27, 1863.-Skirmish at La Fayette, Ky.

Report of Colonel Cicero Maxwell, Twenty-sixth Kentucky Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, SOUTHWEST KENTUCKY, Bowling Green, Ky., December 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Yesterday I received report from Colonel Murray, Third Kentucky Cavalry, commanding at Hopkinsville, that a few days since Lieutenant Brunner and 17 men of the Third, in a stockade at La Fayette, Christian County, were attacked by the rebel Hawkins with largely over 100 men, and after an obstinate contest and after robbing several stores, which Brunner could not protect from his stockade, the rebels retired, losing 3 killed and 7 wounded, 4 mortally, Brunner losing none.

Hawkins, after leaving La Fayette, went in the direction of Canton, stealing all the horses he could find, pursued by Colonel Mur-

---------------

*Portion here omitted is printed is Series I, Vol. XXX, Part II, p. 646.

+Portion here omitted relates to operations in Middle and East Tennessee from January to April, 1864, and will appear in Series I, Vol. XXXII.

---------------

