
ray; and the colonel says but for the treachery of one Captain Cox, of the steam-boat Duke, who used his boat to ferry the rebels over the Cumberland River, he (Colonel Murray) would have overtaken Hawkins at the river, as he was only an hour or so behind him.

Lieutenant Brunner and his little band deserve great credit for their gallant and successful defense against such great odds.

Very respectfully,

CICERO MAXWELL,

Colonel 26th Ky. Volunteers, Comdg. Southwestern Kentucky.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 28-DECEMBER 10, 1863.-Operations against the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, in West Tennessee.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

November 28, 1863.-Skirmish near Molino, Miss.

December 1, 1863.-Skirmish at Ripley, Miss.

2, 1863.-Descent on Saulsbury, Tennessee

3-4, 1863.-Action at Wolf River Bridge, near Moscow, Tennessee

4, 1863.-Skirmish at La Fayette, Tennessee

Affair at Ripley, Miss.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding

Sixteenth Army Corps, with complimentary orders.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Benjamin H. Grierson, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.

Numbers 3.-Colonel John K. Mizner, Third Michigan Cavalry, commanding

First Brigade.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry, commanding Second

Brigade.

Numbers 5.-Colonel Frank A. Kendrick, Second West Tennessee Infantry,

African Descent.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel George W. Trafton, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Fielding Hurst, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry.

Numbers 8.-General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army.

Numbers 9.-Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1.

Reports of Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, with complimentary orders.

MEMPHIS, December 3, 1863. (Received Chattanooga, 5th.)

The enemy, under Lee, Forrest, and Ferguson, broke into Saulsbury yesterday. We had no troops there. They destroyed track and bent rails. It will take twenty-four hours to repair. Mizner fell back to Pocahontas against orders, and left this gap open. Hatch is following their main body, which is retreating south by Holly Springs. Forrest escaped north with about 500 men. We have lost no men nor trains, and have, so far, 40 prisoners. I cannot learn with certainly of any infantry below this cavalry movement.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Major-General SHERMAN.

