
MEMPHIS, Tennessee, December 5, 1863.

The enemy, about 3,000 strong, with three pieces of artillery, under Lee and Chalmers, struck La Fayette and Moscow yesterday at 1 p. m. They were at Moscow by Colonel E. Hatch, who, after a sharp conflict, drove them 4 miles, and again engaged them. They retreated to Mount Pleasant, and have gone this morning. We lost 4 killed and 11 wounded and 25 captured. The Sixth Illinois Cavalry lost 125 horses and equipments. Full particulars not received. Colonel Hatch severely wounded. The line is open to-day. Loring's division of infantry is at Okolona, so reported. Roddey, at Courtland. Two regiments north of the river. Bell, at Trenton, with 2,500 men, looking toward Paducah.

Tuttle's division is lying east of La Grange ready to concentrate in Corinth, if required, and I shall keep them until my rolling-stock can be worked in.

If Dodge is not much wanted at Pulaski, he would do great service by moving on Okolona and Columbus, via Tuscumbia.

S. A. HURLBUT.

Major-General SHERMAN.

MEMPHIS, December 7, 1863.

The affair at Moscow the other day was more spirited than I thought. The negro regiment behaved splendidly. Our loss is 7 killed and about 40 horses-10 captured. We have captured in the movement 54 prisoners; buried 30. The entire loss of the enemy cannot be less than 150. Forrest is gathering the guerrillas together at Jackson. I shall move on him from Columbus and Moscow simultaneously.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Major-General SHERMAN, through

Major-General GRANT.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 173. Memphis, Tennessee, December 17, 1863.

The recent affair at Moscow, Tennessee, has demonstrated the fact that colored troops, properly disciplined and commanded, can and will fight well, and the general commanding corps deems it to be due to the officers and men of the Second Regiment West Tennessee Infantry, of African descent, thus publicly to return his personal thanks for their gallant and successful defense of the important position to which they had been assigned, and for the manner in which they have vindicated the wisdom of the Government in elevating the rank and file of these regiments to the position of freedmen and soldiers.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

57 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

