
Numbers 2.

Reports of Brigadier General Benjamin H. Grierson, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.*
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, January 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 296, from headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, dated November 24, 1863, I ordered the brigade commanded by Colonel Hatch to move on the morning of the 26th of November by separate columns north of the railroad, sweeping round and assembling on Somerville, for the purpose of covering the taking up to the material on the Somerville Branch Railroad. At the same time I ordered the brigade of Colonel Mizner to move south from Corinth as far as was safe without risking his command.

Colonel Mizner moved south about 40 miles, when he captured a number of the enemy, and ascertained that they were moving north in large force, evidently with the intention of attacking the railroad. Having received this information, agreeable to instructions from the major-general commanding, I immediately sent couriers to Colonel Hatch with others to move as quickly as possible with his brigade to La Grange. The enemy's advance were met by Colonel Mizner and several times repulsed. They, however, overpowered and drove him back to Pocahontas, when they moved south, probably as a feint, and taking another road moved upon Saulsbury. Colonel Hatch arrived at La Grange, and was immediately ordered to move east along the railroad, scouting south toward Ripley. He met the enemy at Saulsbury, after they had succeeded in destroying the railroad at that point; and starting a portion of their command north, Colonel Hatch fought and drove the remainder of the enemy some distance south and returned with his command to La Grange.

The next morning I sent scouts south, and information was soon obtained that the enemy were moving west, evidently with the intention of again attacking the railroad. I immediately ordered Colonel Hatch to move west with his command. He arrived at Moscow simultaneously with the enemy. Here a brief, but severe, engagement ensued, in which Colonel Hatch was severely wounded. The enemy were, however, repulsed, and moved south. Their loss was probably over 100 in killed, wounded, and prisoners, they having left 26 dead upon the field. Our loss was 4 killed and 19 wounded. I beg leave, in connection with this engagement, to bear witness to the bravery displayed by the colored regiment under Colonel Frank Kendrick, stationed at this point.

The enemy having moved south of the Tallahatchie, my command renewed their former status upon the line of the railroad. The force of the enemy, which had moved north from Saulsbury, proved to be about 1,500 strong, under General Forrest, who had come north of the road for the purpose of conscripting in West Tennessee.+

Respectfully, your obedient servant,B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Division.

Captain T. H. HARRIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See also Grierson's dispatches in Part III.

+For portion of report here omitted, see p. 607.

---------------

