
Numbers 3.

Reports of Colonel John K. Mizner, Third Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.

RUCKERSVILLE, December 1, 1863-4 p. m. (Received 10.30 p. m.)

The enemy in full force, not less than 6,000, is making for Pocahontas. He has pressed me very hard to this point, where I have finally checked their advance. One of my columns has been falling back on the Middleton road and find the enemy pursuing with a much smaller force, showing the main column making for Pocahontas. I will hold every inch possible, but they must be prepared for heavy work at Pocahontas to-morrow.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., CAV. DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Corinth, Miss., December 15, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I herewith submit a report of the operations of the First Cavalry Brigade, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 296, from headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, of November 24, 1863:

I left Corinth at daylight, on the morning of the 26th ultimo, with about 900 men, consisting of 400 from Third Michigan, 300 from Seventh Kansas, and 200 from First Alabama. Marched 31 miles and encamped 3 miles south of Blackland. Believing that no force of the enemy were nearer than Okolona, except a regiment at Chesterville, I moved through Carrollville to Ellistown. This gave me a position from which I could scout a greater number of roads leading toward points which the enemy might occupy, and securing a better line of retreat in encountering a superior force, which I had reason to expect, as the enemy were reported from 8,000 to 12,000 strong at Okolona, and vicinity, preparing to move north. At Ellistown I captured a rebel officer and 10 men engaged in conscripting. I moved 6 miles south on Chesterville road and halted to feed. Here several rebel officers and men rode unsuspectingly into my camp and were made prisoners, expressing their surprise at finding us there and reporting much of their cavalry north of us.

At this point I also learned that Lee had moved with a heavy force from Okolona to Pontotoc, on his way north. Also, capturing one of Lee's command who left him 8 miles north of Pontotoc at noon, moving toward New Albany. I therefore moved to a safer position near Molino, from which I could better watch the movements of the enemy, and remained until the morning of the 28th, when, it being necessary for me to change my position, both to keep the enemy in ignorance of my whereabouts and to obtain forage, I moved toward Dumas post-office. Soon after leaving camp, I was attacked in rear by a regiment of the enemy's cavalry, which I dispersed with a loss to them of 8 killed and 17 wounded, and no casualties in my command. Scouted the roads toward New Albany and camped for the night 5 miles south of Ripley, which place, I was satisfied, would

