
be a point on their line of march, and also, being a central point in front of our lines, made it an excellent position for observation. Having up to this time captured 35 prisoners, which were becoming a burden, the First Alabama Cavalry, being miserably mounted and wholly unequal to expected marches, were ordered to Corinth with the prisoners.

No enemy being encountered by my scouts, I moved south on New Albany road as far as Orizaba, where I sent scouts south, southeast, and southwest, one of which captured at about noon a lieutenant and private with a pass from New Albany dated the same morning. From these prisoners and other sources I learned that the rebel Generals Forrest, Lee, Ferguson, Chalmers, and Richardson were at New Albany, with a force of 6,000, preparing six days' cooked rations for a raid north. I also learned that, on receipt of information by the enemy at New Albany of my moving north from Ellistown on Ripley road, Ferguson's brigade broke camp at midnight of the 27th and moved toward Ripley to intercept my retreat, but on reaching Orizaba he learned that I had moved from Moline east toward Blackland, and consequently returned to New Albany.

On the 28th, about 3 p. m., I moved north again to within 3 miles of Ripley, where, finding forage, I camped at Parmer's until 3 a. m. of the 30th, then moved into Ripley, taking position on the north side of town, scouting southward, so as to intersect all roads leading north from New Albany. No enemy appearing during the day, I moved north a short distance to procure forage, and encamped for the night, leaving a small force in Ripley.

December 1, moved to Ripley, continued scouting, and, having pushed the Third Illinois Cavalry (which had joined me the evening previous) well south on the New Albany road, they struck the advance of the enemy, at about 10 a. m., 5 miles south of Ripley. While the Third Illinois were falling back before the enemy, I disposed my command as follows to receive him: The Third Michigan on the Pocahontas road, the Seventh Kansas on the Middleton road, and sent instructions to the Third Illinois to fall back on the Saulsbury road to the intersection of the Middleton, where they would join the Seventh Kansas, communication to be kept up between these forces by cross-roads in rear, and so soon as the enemy relinquished the pursuit on either road this force should re-enforce the party sustaining the main attack.

The enemy struck my first position with overwhelming force, advancing in three columns, one in the road dismounted and one on either flank mounted, rendering it almost impossible for my dismounted men to regain their horses. The enemy soon gave up his pursuit on all roads save the Pocahontas, on which he massed his columns and pushed irresistibly forward, driving the Third Michigan before him, then only about 350 strong, at a rapid walk, constantly forming from one to two squadrons on selected positions, with intervals usually not to exceed 200 yards, to check him. Every available position was taken and determinedly held to the last possible moment, and a constant and scathing fire poured in upon the advancing enemy and continued, occasionally checking his advance for a moment, until within about a mile of Ruckersville, where, taking a very favorable position, his farther advance was finally checked at sunset, when the enemy retired. I consequence of the numbers of parallel and cross-roads, I thought it prudent to fall back, under cover of the night, to the vicinity of Jonesborough, and camped for

