
the night. The enemy relinquishing the pursuit on other roads west and pursuing me so far on this one, it was believed that he designed to attack Pocahontas. At an early hour on the following morning I accordingly moved back and took up position near Ruckersville, sending a patrol forward to feel the enemy.

After waiting a reasonable time and the enemy not appearing on the main road, and hearing of him on my right flank, I moved back toward Pocahontas, near which place I received the report of my patrol informing me that the enemy had returned to the neighborhood of Ripley and moved west. The movements, advance, and all information gained of the enemy were reported from time to time to the major-general commanding Sixteenth Army Corps and to commanders along the line.

The Seventh Kansas and Third Illinois joined me at Pocahontas, where I received orders from the major-general commanding to refit my command and open communication with Colonel Hatch, supposed to be moving from La Grange to Ruckersville. Colonel Hatch with his brigade, and General Tuttle with a force of infantry, were found to be at Middleton, where I communicated to them all information I had of the enemy. On the following morning I was instructed by General Tuttle to hold Pocahontas during the temporary absence of Colonel Geddes' command, who was ordered west by rail to join General Tuttle near Saulsbury. Colonel Geddes returned at an early hour of the afternoon bringing information that the enemy had been dispersed near Saulsbury and his main force was retreating south. Upon this information coming direct from the front, I moved south to intercept him; reached the vicinity of Ripley at 11 p. m.; spent the night in examining roads, and found that no enemy had retreated in that direction. I remained until near noon to rest and feed, when, being fully satisfied that the enemy were all still north of me, moved out on Saulsbury road, camped 8 miles south of that place, and moved into La Grange on the 6th instant.

From this time I was employed in scouting along the line of the railroad, returning to camp on the 10th instant, after an absence of fifteen days.

The general result of this expedition was a thorough scouting of the entire front from Corinth to La Grange, discovering and reporting the movements and strength of the enemy, engaging him twice, killing 8 and wounding 17, capturing 50 prisoners, with a loss of 2 killed and Major Jenkins and 5 or 6 enlisted men wounded slightly.

But few horses were found in the country, which were taken to mount prisoners and were turned over to the quartermaster at Corinth; most of them were unfit for cavalry service. A triplicate list of prisoners of war has been forwarded, and I inclose herewith a list of casualties.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Captain SAMUEL L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows: Third Michigan Cavalry: Killed, 2; wounded, 3; prisoner, 1; total, 6. Seventh Kansas Cavalry: Wounded, 1. Grand total, 7.

---------------

