
SAULSBURY ROAD, NINE MILES NORTH OF RIPLEY, December 4, 1863-3 p. m.

SIR: Your dispatch of the 3rd instant just received. I left Pocahontas at 3.30 p. m. yesterday, moving south to intercept rebels said to be retreating. I arrived 4 miles north of Ripley at 11 p. m., and after a careful examination of roads found that no rebels had passed south. Camped at 3 this morning. Sent cavalry into Ripley at daylight, capturing 9 prisoners and a wagon-load of ammunition, which they were guarding.

At Ripley I learned that Ferguson and Chalmers, after the fight on the 1st instant, returned to neighborhood of Ripley, camped for the night, and moved on the 2nd north, on Saulsbury road, their strength about 3,000 men and eight pieces of artillery. Forrest and Lee, with a force of about 4,000, moved north from New Albany, leaving Ripley to the right. Information derived from all prisoners, citizens, and every other source, agree that the rebel generals Forrest, Lee, Ferguson, and Chalmers, with a force in all about 7,000, moved north from New Albany en route for West Tennessee. None have returned on this road or by any route east of this.

I have been absent nine days from Corinth, have been 7 miles south of Ellistown, have had two engagements with the enemy, the first on the 28th ultimo with Richardson, a little north of Ellistown, in which the enemy lost 8 killed and 17 wounded; the other occurred on the 2nd instant on the Ripley and Ruckersville road, in which, with 350 of the Third Michigan, I fought Ferguson's and Chalmers' commands for three hours, though compelled to fall back finally. Checked the rebel advance a mile south of Ruckersville. Enemy's loss variously stated, but unknown to me. I have taken 54 prisoners. Lost 2 killed, and Major Jenkins and a few enlisted men slightly wounded. My whole strength present is 42 commissioned officers, 540 enlisted men, and 3 howitzers.

From sickness, after long exposure and loss of horses, I have sent about 60 men to Corinth, also 30 men sent as escort to prisoners. The horses of the First Alabama, only 200 in all, were so poor that I was obliged to order them back to Corinth. The Sixth Tennessee has but 350 horses, and I understand are at Grand Junction. Not one of my command has been captured by the enemy. At least 800 horses will be required to mount my brigade as shown by my last tri-monthly. As my men and animals are greatly exhausted, I will camp at Pegram's, 10 miles north of this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON.

Numbers 4.

Report of Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., CAV. DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Collierville, Tennessee, December 10, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your orders, I moved with my brigade, with the exception of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, on the morning of the 26th of November ultimo, at

