
daylight. Crossing Wolf River near Germantown we moved in the direction of Covington, which place we reached on the 28th without meeting any obstacle.

Upon receiving information that Quinn and Sherrar's flouring mill on the Loosahatchie was keeping guerrillas, I burned it.

From Covington we marched to Stanton's Depot, about 12 miles north of Somerville, thence to the latter place, which we reached on the 2nd instant.

During the entire expedition, which occupied six days, we saw no enemy, except small squads, which fled at our approach.

The result of the expedition was about 300 head of horses and mules, and 12 or 15 prisoners.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON.

Numbers 5.

Report of Colonel Frank A. Kendrick, Second West Tennessee Infantry (African Descent).
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Corinth, Miss., December 12, 1863.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Sixteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I herewith inclose the official report of Colonel Frank A. Kendrick, Second Regiment West Tennessee Infantry (African Descent), of the part taken by himself and command in the engagement with the rebel forces commanded by Major General S. D. Lee, at Wolf River Bridge, near Moscow, Tennessee, on the 3rd an 4th instant. I specially commend to the notice of the commanding general Colonel Kendrick and the several officers mentioned in his report, and also the soldierly evinced by the Second West Tennessee Infantry, (African Descent) in this their first encounter with the enemy.

I am, respectfully,

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT WEST Tennessee, INFANTRY, A. D., Moscow, Tennessee, December 7, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment on the 3rd and 4th of December, 1863:

Since it became known to me that the road was threatened by a considerable force of the enemy, I have taken every precaution to guard my position against surprise. To this end the wagon bridge across Wolf River, on the main Collierville road, about 300 yards southwest from my camp, being the most practicable approach to this position, has been the object of especial vigilance. The planks of the bridge are put down only when the bridge is in use for legitimate and authorized crossing.

At 3 p. m., December 3, a small cavalry force made a demonstration on this bridge, dashing up on the gallop even to the bridge, and firing on the pickets stationed there. I immediately re-enforced

