
the pickets with two companies, and after a few rounds, had been exchanged the enemy retired. My loss in this affair was two guns, and 1 man severely wounded. That of the enemy is now known, his dead and wounded, if any, being carried away.

During the succeeding night and the next day I kept my regiment in constant readiness for attack, and reconnoitered all the approaches to as great a distance as it could be safely done without the assistance of cavalry. Early in the afternoon of the 4th, observing a dense smoke in the direction of Grisson's Bridge and La Fayette, I concluded that the enemy had passed here and gone in that direction. This was likewise the opinion of the officers of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, which arrived here at 1.30 p. m., in the advance of Colonel Hatch's cavalry brigade, and accordingly such of the cavalry as had arrived were proceeding on the road toward Collierville. The Sixth Illinois and a portion of another regiment had crossed the bridge-the same upon which the demonstration of the preceding day had been made-when they fell into an ambuscade of the enemy a short distance beyond the bridge.

At the sound of the first scattering shots I supported my picket at the bridge with Companies A and D of my regiment, deploying these companies across the road behind rifle-pits, and in position to sweep the bridge with their fire. The picket guard, about 50 strong, under Captain Harris, of my regiment, I posted on the left of the road, in the bottom next the river, in such position as to secure a cross-fire on the bridge. I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Foley, of my regiment, with Companies B and G and portions of two others, to take position on the right of our line and hold the railroad bridge over Wolf River, a structure of much importance. The remainder of my regiment I posted in an unfinished fortification, situated on the railroad, 350 yards distant from the wagon bridge, with Major Wiley in command.

Although I was the senior officer present at this time, I did not take command of the cavalry, being in momentary expectation of the arrival of Colonel Hatch, who was reported to be a short distance in rear with the remainder of his brigade.

Very shortly after the firing the cavalry, which had crossed the bridge, retreated in much disorder. The bridge soon became obstructed with artillery, caissons, and wagons from the train which had got over, and great numbers of the retreating cavalry plunged headlong into the river, which, though narrow, is deep and rapid, and many men and horses were thus lost. The enemy now made a desperate attempt to force a passage of the bridge, but his impetuous charges were met by the steady and effective fire of the companies posted as I have described.

About half an hour after the fight commenced Colonel Hatch arrived, and almost immediately fell severely wounded. I thereupon assumed command of all the forces engaged, which I continued to exercise throughout the engagement. I now withdrew Company D, of my regiment, and the picket guard from their station at the bridge and ordered them to the fort, supplying their places with two companies of the Second Iowa Cavalry, who were armed with revolving rifles. The efforts of the enemy to gain possession of the wagon-road bridge still continued, and, indeed, did not cease throughout the fight.

Meanwhile, Lieutenant-Colonel Foley, with his detachment, was vigorously attacked by vastly superior numbers of the enemy, who

