
made desperate efforts to gain the railroad bridge, probably with the design of destroying it, but all their attempts were bravely and successfully resisted. By my order the artillery in the fort, manned by details from my regiment, under the command of Lieutenant Fullen, of the same, was worked throughout the action, and its firing was very effective, several shells striking the wagon bridge where the enemy were charging, and, I am informed by a soldier of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, who was taken prisoner (but effected his escape during the engagement), that several shells fired from the fort exploded among the led horses of the enemy, producing a panic. The enemy made a precipitate retreat at ten minutes past 4 p. m., leaving many of his dead and wounded on the field.

The casualties in my regiment are 3 killed and 12 wounded. My men fought in most instances under cover. The enemy's losses are not known, but must have been very heavy, as he left 22 killed and 4 wounded on the field, and citizens report that he carried many wagon-loads of dead or wounded with him on his retreat. In this engagement we took 8 prisoners, 5 of whom were wounded. Three of the latter died, and the other 2 were sent to Dr. Irwin, chief of hospitals, at Memphis. The 3 unwounded prisoners were sent to General Tuttle, at La Grange, as I had no secure place to keep them. The officers of my regiment, without exception, acquitted themselves with great credit. The majority of the men were for the first time under fire, but their conduct did not disappoint my most sanguine anticipations, as, after the first few rounds, they received and returned the enemy's fire with the steadiness and deliberation of veterans. Among the officers of other regiments who were distinguished for gallantry were Captain Moore, commanding Rifle Battalion, Second Iowa Cavalry, and Captain Perkins, of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, and in command of the howitzers attached to that regiment, who, by their determined resistance, contributed much to the success of our arms.

I inclose herewith a sketch* exhibiting the principal points referred to in this report.

I have the honor to be, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK A. KENDRICK,

Colonel Second Regiment West Tennessee Infty., A. D., Comdg.

Captain F. F. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Trafton, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS CAVALRY, La Grange, Tennessee, December 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 2nd of this month the Seventh Illinois Cavalry started from near Middleton (where we had bivouacked for the night) about 1 o'clock in the morning. Our force consisted of Second Iowa, Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth Illinois Cavalry Regiments, under command of Colonel Hatch. The Second Iowa led the advance, the Ninth Illinois next to them,
---------------

*Not found.

---------------

