
the Seventh and Sixth in the rear. We moved toward La Grange. About 5 o'clock I heard two or three shots in direction of the advance; shortly afterward a volley, and from that time till 7 a. m. frequent volleys. About 7 a. m. I heard sharp firing, and soon the report of artillery followed. At this time I was ordered by Colonel Hatch to the front. I ordered the regiment forward at a gallop, and on reaching the front was ordered by Colonel Hatch to support some companies which he had sent to the left flank. I at once moved to the left and advanced to a position on the left flank of the enemy, where I could command the road leading from Saulsbury to Ripley, on which I thought probable the enemy might attempt to retreat.

I received orders to remain in this position, till the center advanced. I accordingly sent a squad of men to a position where they could observe both flanks and the center, with instructions to report to me any movement of the center. Shortly afterward they reported the center moving forward. I immediately moved my regiment down the road to rejoin the brigade at the cross-roads just south of Saulsbury, which we did, meeting only a few stragglers in range of our carbines. We sustained no loss in the engagement.

GEO. W. TRAFTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

Colonel PRINCE,

Commanding Seventh Regiment Illinois Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY, La Grange, Tennessee, December 9, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Illinois Cavalry in the action with the enemy at Moscow on the 3rd instant:

In accordance with orders from Colonel Hatch, I left La Grange with the regiment about 10 a. m. of the 3rd instant, following the Ninth Illinois Cavalry toward Moscow, where we arrived soon after 12 m. We halted about half an hour there, then started again on the road leading toward La Fayette. The Sixth Illinois Cavalry was in advance, the Ninth Illinois Cavalry next, and the Seventh in rear of the Ninth. We had proceeded but a short distance when I heard firing in the direction of the advance, which soon became quite heavy. The artillery also opened fire. The Sixth Illinois Cavalry and part of the Ninth had crossed Wolf River Bridge. I started forward to report to Colonel Hatch for orders, but learned before I got to the advance that he had not come up yet. I immediately rode back to the regiment and ordered them to "prepare to fight on foot with all possible celerity." As soon as they were dismounted, I ordered them forward on double-quick. When we got to the bridge it was so clogged with horses, ambulances, wagons, and artillery that it was almost impossible to get a man across it. Several of the horses had broken through the bridge and were fast, and the bridge was so torn up that it was impossible to clear it. I ordered my men across, and succeeded by jumping our horses, crawling under wagons and ambulances, &amp;c., in getting about 50 men across. About 25 men swam across. Several were knocked off the bridge into the river in trying to cross. I found it impossible to get any more men across without their swimming, which so injured their ammunition as to nearly render it useless. At this time the artillery of the Sixth was in a critical

