
was but one ferry-boat at each place, in which I could not cross my command in less time than one day. If I had gone to Panola I would have gone 75 miles from the railroad, and after losing a day in going to Panola and a day in crossing the river, I could not have reached the road in time.

On the other route General Lee had one day and 35 miles the start of me, but supposing that I could be of service in case he had to fall back, I determined to move. Colonel Slemons, with his brigade from Panola, to strike the railroad at Grisson's Creek, and to move with McCulloch's brigade by way of Rocky Ford in rear of General Lee. Orders were telegraphed to Colonel Slemons, and he commenced crossing that night and had his entire command over by 10 o'clock the next morning. McCulloch's brigade moved to Rocky Ford, 20 miles, that night, and commenced crossing; one regiment got over by daylight the next morning and the rear of the column did not get over until 4 p. m. We crossed on a very small ferry-boat, and had to get out in water nearly waist deep on the opposite side, and both officers and men deserve commendation for the energy and promptness displayed in crossing.

We camped the night of the 1st December from 10 to 17 miles north of the river. General Lee did not get off from New Albany until the morning of the 1st, and encamped the same night near Ripley. Under orders from him we made a forced march the next day and joined him about midnight on the 2nd December. We moved westward at daylight on the 3rd; on the 4th we moved to Moscow, where Colonel Ross was ordered to burn the railroad bridge, and I was ordered to move McCulloch's brigade upon his right flank, and keep out of sight, ready to support Colonel Ross if necessary.

Colonel Hatch's brigade of Federal cavalry was at the time crossing Wolf River on the bridge over the State Line road, and two regiments had crossed.

Before McCulloch's brigade could get into the position where we were ordered to remain hid, the enemy's pickets commenced firing. I was ordered to send forward my front regiment, the First Mississippi Partisans, which I did, and along with it, my escort and a squadron composed of one company of Second Arkansas and one company of George's regiment; they were led by Colonel Robert McCulloch in person in the most gallant style, and for particulars of the fight I refer to his report.

Colonel Slemons had been ordered by me to burn the railroad trestle over Grisson's Creek, between Moscow and La Fayette, and do any damage to the road that he could. He accomplished the work assigned to him with promptness and skill. For particulars I refer to his report.*

My loss was 4 killed, 37 wounded, and 5 missing.

My most severe lost was in the damage sustained by the horses from hard marching.

I am, major, &amp;c.,

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. P. STRANGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

