
subject to military duty, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 68, headquarters Sixth Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, November 26, 1863. The party made quite an extensive scout through the bend and returned in the evening to the island, with 29 conscripts. That night the guerrillas conscripted quite a number of men, and seized many horses and mules.

On the 2nd and 3rd of December, I proceeded again into the bend, and procured 6 more conscripts, 50 horses and mules, 4 wagons, and 16 harnesses, somewhat worn; also several old saddles and bridles, and 15 blacks.

The conscripted white men, numbering, altogether, 35, were examined by the post surgeon, and 28 of them were pronounced able for duty. Those rejected by him I have permitted to return home. Ten have already volunteered and joined the two companies posted here.

There is a large quantity of corn in the bend, which ought to be taken possession of for the benefit of the Government. The bend is pretty effectually cleared of male inhabitants, as the guerrillas have taken all we left, so that this grain is wholly uncared for and will probably be destroyed by the secesh, unless soon seized by the Government. If we had any means to get in across the river, I should commence bringing it to the island at once, and save what I could of it, but as the O'Brien has been ordered to Cape Girardeau, I expect to obtain but little, if any.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. BENSON,

Captain Company H., 32nd Iowa Infantry, Comdg. Post.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 1, 1863.-Skirmish at Salyersville, Ky.

Report of Colonel George W. Gallup, Fourteenth Kentucky Infantry.

LOUISA, KY, December 1, 1863.

GENERAL: My outpost was attacked at Salyersville this morning and badly scattered. Dispatches to me very indefinite. I have sent forward re-enforcements. Enemy's strength reported 800 cavalry. May move in direction of Mount Sterling.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel, Commanding.

[General J. C. BOYLE.]

DECEMBER 1, 1863.-Skirmish near Jonesville, Va.

Report of Major General John G. Foster, U. S. Army.

TAZEWELL, Tennessee, December 3, 1863-11.20 a. m. (Received 4.25 p. m.)

A battalion of the Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry, sent out from Cumberland Gap, attacked Slemp's regiment of rebel cavalry

