
near Jonesville, Va., on Tuesday, December 1. The rebels were driven beyond Jonesville in great confusion, losing 20 killed and 30 prisoners, and a quantity of horses and arms. The rebel cavalry force that drove in Graham's brigade yesterday consisted, according to the statement of prisoners, of Wheeler's and Jones' cavalry united. A lieutenant-colonel and 125 men and officers have just arrived from Knoxville. They left on Tuesday at 10 a. m. They report everything favorable. Nothing new.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

DECEMBER 1, 1863.-Scouts from Pulaski, Tennessee, and Skirmishes.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant John W. Barnes, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 1.

Reports of Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army.

PULASKI, December 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel Phillips, Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, attacked the rebel cavalry on this side of river, near Florence, drove them across; captured 5 officers, one General Bragg's inspector-general of cavalry, and 35 enlisted men. Colonel Phillips says that an extensive raid is being fitted out under Forrest at Okolona, and that all scattering troops are ordered and going to him.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General SHERMAN.

PULASKI, December 3, 1863.

Colonel Rowett, Seventh Illinois Infantry (mounted) on his trip to Eastport, encountered Johnson's regiment, Fourth Alabama, of Roddey's brigade, and routed them, taking 25 prisoners. No force now of any account north of Tennessee. Colonel Cypert, of loyal Tennessee cavalry, some 300, are now stationed at or near Waynesborough, Wayne County.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General SHERMAN.

Numbers 2.

Report of Lieutenant John W. Barnes, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, Tennessee, December 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Roberts has returned from Eastport. Had a fight with some guerrillas at Rawhide. Brought in 20 prisoners.

Colonel Rinaker left on 6th for Hamburg. Johnson is in neigh-

38 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

