
division (infantry) was moved from the vicinity of Meridian to Brandon, in consequence of a report that I was about to make an expedition to Canton. Strenuous efforts are being made by the rebels to stop the navigation of the Mississippi, or, at least, make it so insecure as to practically close it for commercial purposes.

There has been some firing on boats in the vicinity of Rodney; nothing very serious, however. But with the force of cavalry now at Natchez and the [Mississippi] Marine Brigade, I think I will the able to keep the river clear within my jurisdiction. The most serious affairs have occurred in the vicinity of Morganza, and several boats have been quite seriously injured. It is reported that General Dick Taylor is fortifying on Red River, below Alexandria, and that he is preparing a raft somewhere between the mouth of Black River and Alexandria to obstruct navigation.

As soon as the waters rise so that gunboats can run up Red River and down the Atchafalaya, I think the "rebs" will be getting out from Morganza. I send this letter and reports direct, because Major-General Sherman seems to be out of the line of direct communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General GRANT,

Comdg. Military Division of the Mississippi.

Numbers 2.

Report of Colonel Bernand G. Farrar, Thirtieth Missouri Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS POST, Vidalia, December 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions from the general commanding the District of Natchez, I moved from this post with 206 mounted men, consisting of 100 of the Tenth Missouri Cavalry, Captain F. R. Neet; 50 mounted men of the Twenty-ninth Illinois Infantry, Captain Call; 50 mounted men of the Thirtieth Missouri Infantry, Captain Wilkinson, and 6 pioneers of the Second Mississippi Artillery, A. D., Lieutenant Organ. The object of the expedition was the capture of Camp Cotton, on the south side of Little River, 7 miles above Trinity, La., and the picket stations at Trinity and Garrett's plantation.

At 10 a. m., December 10, Captain Wilkinson with his command moved down the Mississippi River to a point 12 miles below Vidalia, with instructions to remain until the main body, which was embarked on a steamer at Natchez, could unite with him.

At 3 p. m. I moved with the entire command in the direction of Johnson's plantation, on the Black River, 19 miles below Trinity. The road, being through a swamp, and very miry, precluded a rapid advance, so that we did not reach the Black River Ferry, until 7 p. m. The boat was on the opposite side of the river, the ferryman being instructed not to cross at that hour, but, on the order of Mr. Johnson, which I compelled him to give, he came over. At Mr. Johnson's plantation Captain E. J. Hall, assistant quartermaster in the Confederate

