
service, and one private were surprised and captured. Taking all possible precaution against my movements being discovered, I commenced the crossing of my forces. The boat being small, but 6 horses could be taken over at a trip, and it was 12 o'clock before I could cross the two detachments of mounted infantry, 100 men. Leaving the cavalry, under Captain Neet, to cross as rapidly as possible, with instructions to move on the Trinity road, on the west bank of the Black, and if possible capture the picket station on Garrett's plantation, taking the mounted infantry I struck off through the swamps and plantations direct for "Camp Cotton." A drizzling rain rendered the darkness so intense that it was with great difficulty my guides could follow the route indicated. For several miles the road led direct through the swamp. Several deep bayous were crossed, and at one part of the road, for over half a mile, our horses waded bellydeep in water. Owing to the fall of one of my men, about 50 of the rear guard became detached from me. Fearing that we would arrive too late to accomplish a surprise, I left a competent guide to bring them up as soon as possible and pushed on to the camp.

Arriving within a quarter of a mile of the camp, I dismounted my men and moved cautiously to within 100 yards of the quarters.

Ordering a charge, we rushed upon the enemy, surrounded their quarters, and captured every man but Major Wyche, who rushed from his bed at the first alarm, plunged boldly into Little River, and escaped. We here captured 1 officer and 15 men.

Here our lost detachment rejoined us, and, seeing that the enemy were routed, made a bold charge into the camp. A large amount of quartermaster and commissary stores were captured and destroyed, consisting of shoes, hats, cloth, sugar, flour, &amp;c., and also about 20 muskets.

Not wishing to alarm the picket at Trinity, which I was anxious to capture, along with the ferry-boat at that place, I refrained from firing the quarters. Mounting my prisoners at once, I dispatched Captain Call across Little River, with orders to proceed with all haste to the Harrisonburg road, and then on that to move down on Trinity. With the remaining force and prisoners, I followed the road on the south bank leading to Trinity.

My advance, being discovered by vedettes 4 miles above, and fearing that the boat would be destroyed, I divided my command and pushed on with all speed, deploying a portion of my command along the river bank opposite the town. I threw the remainder of my men across the ferry and into the town as quickly as possible. Here a brisk firing took place between my men on the bank and the retreating rebels, who, mounting their horses, fled in wild confusion to the swamps.

Owing to the heaviness of the roads and the jaded condition of the horses and my own rapid advance, Captain Call failed to arrive in time to surprise the enemy at Trinity.

Captain Neet succeeded in bringing his men across by 5 a. m. Moving rapidly on the road indicated, he skillfully surrounded the picket on Garrett's plantation, capturing all of it, consisting of 1 officer and 10 men. He rejoining me at 10 a. m.

The object of the expedition being accomplished. I commenced the crossing of my men to the east bank of the Black. At 4 p. m. I moved on the direct road to Vidalia, reached Black Bayou at 7 p. m., at which place we were delayed two hours in crossing. The prisoners, under a strong escort, in charge of Captain Organ, moved

