
through to Vidalia, camping on York's plantation, 8 miles out. I arrived at Vidalia at 10 a. m. this morning.

Both officers and men heartily co-operated with me in our long and tedious expedition. A part of the force marched within thirty-three hours a distance of 82 miles, through a country almost entirely a swamp, and over roads when the horses sunk knee-deep in mud.

Many of the horses failed on the march, but their places were immediately and easily supplied by fresh ones from the nearest plantations.

Lieutenant Organ, whom I sent back with dispatches to you, captured 2 men, with arms in their hands, who claimed to be citizens, but are known to be soldiers.

Altogether we captured 3 officers, 28 privates, and 30 horses, also 1 battalion flag.

Inclosed find list of prisoners.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE S. BABBITT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3.

Report of Brigadier General Alfred W. Ellet, commanding Mississippi Marine Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MISSISSIPPI MARINE BRIGADE, Flag-ship Autocrat, Natchez, Miss., December 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I proceeded with all possible dispatch to join my command. Not finding the fleet at Rodney, I followed to Natchez, where I arrived in time to see and confer with General Gresham previous to his leaving for the front. The enemy was said to be in considerable force but a few miles from town. It had been decided before my arrival to march out and meet him by two roads. My command, under Lieutenant-Colonel Currie, had already left on the Pine Ridge road, General Gresham commanding in person by the Washington road, the two commands to meet about 5 miles beyond Washington and proceed together to Fayette, &amp;c. I immediately followed my little force and assumed command upon coming up with it. Arriving at the junction of the two roads I could learn nothing from General Gresham nor the enemy, and consequently returned to Natchez through Washington, the way the general should have gone out.

Upon reaching Natchez, after night I learned for the first time that the enemy had retreated south and the general was in pursuit, and that his couriers to me had miscarried. Captain Clark, of his staff, soon after arrived with a request from the general for me trop down to Ellis' Cliff, that the enemy was marching for that point, which I accordingly did arriving soon in the morning. I had scarcely landed at Ellis' Cliff and disembarked my forces and received information that the enemy had been in camp on the cliff during the night, but had marched about 3 o'clock toward Natchez,
---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

