
when I received a dispatch from General Gresham, forwarded by river by Colonel Johnson, to the effect that his cavalry had obtained a position in the enemy's rear, and wishing me to return to Natchez and march down to his assistance by the Woodville road, and thus intercept and cut off his retreat. I at once returned to Natchez and marched out as requested on the Woodville road; me the general returning, after his arduous chase, the enemy having eluded him and escaped by the Washington road. You will readily observe that although all hands have been pretty actively employed we have not accomplished much except to give Mr. Adams something of a bad scare. He was at last account in full retreat, not having fulfilled his purpose of taking Natchez, much to the disappointment of his entirely loyal friends of this vicinity.

I shall proceed to-morrow to Water Proof, and propose to feel the country through to Lake Saint Joseph. Any communication will find me somewhere between Natchez and your city during the next three or four days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED W. ELLET,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON.

Numbers 4.

Report of Brigadier General Wirt Adams, C. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE, Near Kingston, December 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to present the following brief report of the movements and operations of this command since leaving Gallatin up to the present date:

In obedience to orders from the commanding general of division, I marched from Gallatin on the 1st instant in the direction of the Mississippi River, and took the shortest road from that point to Natchez, by way of Union Church, at which place Colonel Wood joined me with his regiment on the 2nd instant, raising my total effective strength to 1,059 men. From that point I moved rapidly to the vicinity of Natchez, halting east of and near Washington on the afternoon of the 4th instant, and threw out active scouts and spies in and around the city, with the view of attack if the strength of the garrison and the state of its defensive works afforded reasonable prospect of success.

Reliable information, obtained during the afternoon and night of that day, was procured to the effect that the garrison consisted of 1,200 white and 1,500 negro troops, all inside the fortifications, which were completed, or nearly so, and mounting six heavy guns, commanding all the practicable approaches. These works were perfectly protected on the river side by a precipitous bluff of 100 feet running their whole length, thus preventing ingress of a dismounted force from that side, which I deemed the place of attack most promising of success.

A dash into the city by either a part or the whole of the force promised no compensating result. I therefore determined to move

