
been brought in. My fighting will be done to-morrow, if any occurs, within the range of the cannon in our defenses.

I shall be able to use Wolford's men to-morrow. They were a good deal confused and scattered to-day.

The enemy are reported within easy artillery range.

I shall take measures to know their position within the next three or four hours.

Colonel Wolford says he thinks there are about 200 prisoners.

Prisoners say Wheeler's cavalry are moving to our rear, on the north side of the river. There is no other authority for statement.

Major Delfosse, of the Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry, is reported killed.

JULIUS WHITE.

General.

General BURNSIDE.

LOUDON, October 21, 1863.

We have driven the enemy through Philadelphia; they [the enemy] had destroyed his [Wolford's] camp equipage and furniture, and the wagons they captured. It does not appear that many lives were lost yesterday. We have lost none to-day.

Have captured a number of prisoners. No report yet from the left flank.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

General BURNSIDE.

No. 3.

Reports of Colonel Frank Wolford, First Kentucky Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

LOUDON, October 20, 1863.

About 10 o'clock this morning I got information that about 1,200 or 1,500 rebels had attacked my wagon train, 6 miles from camp. I sent Colonel Adams with the First and Eleventh Kentucky, who got into the rear of the enemy and were cut off by some 3,000 rebels.

I soon afterward got information that a large body of the rebels were coming up from Sweet Water. I then mustered up the rest of my men, amounting to about 700, and attacked them and drove them back several times. After driving them they re-enforced, and came upon us from every side. Our artillery fired their last round. I rallied my men and charged through, saving most of my men and several of my prisoners.

We had several men killed and wounded, and several taken prisoners. I am confident we killed more of them, and took more prisoners, than they did of us. We have lost some of our wagons and baggage, and some of our artillery-perhaps all of it. The enemy are in large force, both infantry and artillery, with several heavy pieces of the latter.

WOLFORD,

Colonel.

General BURNSIDE.

