
my command by the nearest practicable route to Ellis' Cliff, 10 miles below Natchez in a direct line and 21 by the river, and take position there with my battery to obstruct navigation. I reached that point on the evening of the 5th and found a gunboat stationed there; but selecting a favorable position for the battery I awaited on the evening of the 5th and the entire day of the 6th instant the passage of transports. None passed, however, during daylight, and but two at night, which, owing to the elevation of the cliff and the slender prospect of inflicting injury by the fire of the battery in the dark, I did not open on.

About 7 p. m. of the 6th instant, I received reliable information that the enemy had been re-enforced at Natchez by a brigade of infantry and one of cavalry from Vicksburg, and that, relying upon the difficulties of my position between Natchez and the Homochitto River, which is impassable owing to the destruction of its bridges, he meditated a movement to occupy the only two routes of egress and attack me with his infantry and cavalry forces. It is proper to state, however, that previous to marching to that point I fully considered these probable difficulties. When, therefore, I learned last evening that he had posted his cavalry force of 1,000 to 1,200 on the Kingston road within 4 miles of my encampment, and was to move an infantry and artillery force this morning directly against me, I at once got my command in readiness to attack and force my way through his cavalry at daylight this morning before the remainder of his forces could be brought up. With this view I kept the two roads from Kingston and Natchez strongly picketed during the night, and moved my whole force and trains by a plantation road to within a mile of his position. Obtaining as accurate information of this as the darkness permitted, I made my dispositions for attack and moved forward as soon as the dawn permitted me to distinguish objects.

The enemy occupied a very strong position along the crest of a ridge east of the creek, with a broad slope and open field toward the direction of our approach, thus completely commanding the road along which I was moving. But after a slight skirmish with the Eleventh Arkansas Regiment, dismounted and deployed, under the gallant Colonel Griffith, and a few artillery shots, the enemy gave way and fled with great precipitation in the direction of Natchez. I ordered the Fourteenth Confederate and Stockdale's battalion in pursuit. These commands followed at a gallop for 6 or 8 miles, but such was rapidity of his flight that they killed and captured but few. Guns, haversacks, shoes, poultry, &amp;c., were picked up along the road by which they escaped.

I moved my command to Kingston, 16 miles from Natchez, and shall move from here to-morrow morning in the direction of the Mississippi River above Natchez, endeavoring in passing the latter place to draw out and engage the enemy's cavalry force.

I have been burning all buildings, cotton, &c., upon the plantations of certain traitors about Natchez, and removing negroes, stock, &c., for the use of the Government.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

[Captain GEORGE MOORMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

