
the telegraph wires. They immediately gave chase and, after a ride of 5 miles,pursued them across Nonconnah. They were obliged to give it up,losing their track in the bottom. They gave them a very close chase,capturing the old musket I send you, also a pair saddle bags, but did not get near enough to shoot with any accuracy.

They could hear of no others in that vicinity.

Hoping the above will be satisfactory, I remain,your obedient servant,

L. B. SKINNER,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Captain SAMUEL L. WOODWARD,

Asst. Adjt. General Cav. Div., Sixteenth Army Corps.

DECEMBER 11-17, 11863.- Scout from Pulaski, Tennessee, to Florence, Ala., and

Skirmish (12th) on Shoal Creek,near Wayland Springs, Tennessee

Report of Colonel Richard Rowett, Seventh Illions (mounted) Infantry.
HDQRS, SEVENTH ILLINOIS MOUNTED INFANTRY,Pulaski, Tennessee, December 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that,in accordance with orders from headquarters Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps,dated Pulaski, December 10.1863. I started on the morning of the 11th with eight squadrons of my regiment in the direction of Lamb's Ferry, Ala., passed through Lawrenceburg, Tennessee;sent one squadron with train of wagons to Waynesborough, Tennessee;moved with the remaining seven squadrons again in the direction of Lamb's Ferry;encamped near Rogersville. Ala., Where Major Murphy,with 100 home guards,reported to me. Moved next morning to Bainbridge Ferry,capturing 2 prisoners, Martindale and Taylor;thence to Florence, Ala. Heard that the enemy was near Wayland Springs. Moved after him and sent Major Murphy on the Waynesborough road to cut off his retreat;had some skirmishing and took 4 prisoners. Fell in with Moreland's battalion,and 100 of Fourth Alabama Cavalry(in all,350 strong,and under command of Major Moreland),on Shoal Creek,3 miles from Wayland Springs. Through a mistake of the guide we passed by their camp, when the enemy attacked us in the rear. The read guard held the enemy in check until the regiment was dismounted and moved to the rear of our horses. I fought the enemy about three- fourths of an hour,when he was driven from the field,leaving 8 dead and 22 prisoners in our hands. Our loss 1 man slightly wounded and 3 horses killed. Major Murphy heard the firing but was not able to take part in the fight;he reported to me the next morning. I followed the enemy 1 1/2 miles, when darkness prevented farther pursuit.

Arrived at camp at camp yesterday, December 17, with 35 prisoners (3 commissioned officers and 30 enlisted men, and 2 murderers of Union soldiers, Taylor and Martindale). The prisoners were turned over to the provost-marshal at this post. Captain Burnham not being there,they were given in charge of Captain Armstrong.

I have the honor to be,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. ROWETT,

Colonel Seventh Illinois Infantry Mounted Volunteers.

Captain L. H. EVERTS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

