
DECEMBER 12.1863.-Skirmish at La Fayette, Ga

Report of Colonel Louis D. Watkins, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY, Rossville, Ga., December 14, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on Saturday morning, December 12,at 8 a.m.,with a force of 200 men from the Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, I left this post on a scout in the direction of Dalton. At 4 p.m.,12th instant, I charged into the town of La Fayette,capturing 18 prisoners,6 of whom were officers of the rebel signal corps,and some 30 animals. Two hours before we arrived at La Fayette the Second Kentucky (rebel) Cavalry had left the town,greatly to the regret of myself and all my command.

After camping for the night on Pigeon Ridge, 5 miles from La Fayette,we crossed the Chickamauga at a bridge 3 miles above Crawfish Spring,and scouting through McLemore's Cove without discovering any enemy we returned to camp.

We found on the route forage only sufficient for the use of the command while out.

I am,sir,very respectfully, your obedient servant,LOUIS D. WATKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brig. General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff.

DECEMBER 13, 1863.-Skirmish at Powell's River,near Stickleyville, Va.

Report of Colonel Wilson C. Lemert, Eighty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

CUMBERLAND GAP, Tennessee, December 18, 1863.

General: My cavalry is just in from Jonesville. They drove the rebel pickets from Jonesville and came upon the encampment of the Sixty- fourth Virginia at Hickory Flat,7 miles beyond. The enemy fired one volley,and fled to Powell's River,5 miles this side of Stickleyville, where they were re-enforced by part of the Twenty-seventh Virginia, and a brisk skirmish ensued. A few shell drove them in from the ford,when the cavalry dashed over and drove them in confusion to Stickleyville,killing 5 and taking 26 prisoners (2 officers) and quite a number of small-arms. The enemy during the night left Stickleyville in the direction of Abingdon. They number about 500. No other force in that direction. Major Beeres,who commanded the expedition,says there is no force at Abingdon,and but a small number at the salt-works.

Your obedient servant,

W. C. LEMERT,

Colonel.

Brig. Gen. O. B. WILLCOX.

