
DECEMBER 14, 1863.-Capture of Union Wagon Train, near Clinch Mountain Gap, Tennessee

Report.of Colonel Thomas J. Brady, One hundred and Seventeenth Indiana Infantry.

BLAIN'S CROSS-ROADS,

DECEMBER 21, 1863.

LIEUTENANT:I would respectfully report to you that, the 14 th December,while carrying out Colonel Mahan's instructions respecting the improvement of the road through Clinch Mountain Gap, I was alarmed just at sundown by the repeated report of musketry,and information was brought me that the train just corraled at the opposite foot of the mountain was attacked. I immediately dispatched Captain Braxton with three companies to its defense. Shortly after I learned that the force attacking was larger that first supposed,and immediately led five other companies to its relief. Half way down the mountain the firing ceased,and knowing from the cheers that followed that the train was captured. I entertained the idea of attempting its recapture. At this Captain Braxton returned,the train having surrendered before he could reach it. Making what dispositions I thought necessary for the attack, I had barely given the orders to advance,when informed the enemy was marching up the eastern hill and upon my right flank,seemingly regardless of my presence,and a few shots fired not causing him to pay us equal attention,i withdrew to the gap and dispatched a company (Captain Woodmansee's) to the aforesaid hill. The captain most gallantly repulsed his four several attempts to possess it.

Night had already set in,and my attempt to communicate with General Shackelford at Bean's Station proving futile,and learning from scouts sent out that the enemy in my rear was in force,and perceiving the fact from his numerous camp fires, I adopted the only alternative left me-to retreat. Accordingly at 9 p.m. camp was abandoned,and we took up our line of march over the crest of mountains toward Rutledge. The night was dark and cold our route pathless and very rough, while the enemy was on either side of us,his pickets extending far upon the sides of the mountain,but all were impressed with the danger attending the movement and marched in silence. All night and the next morning until 10 o'clock we kept the mountains. At that hour the sound battle below us drew our attention to the south valley,where we could easily discern the contending forces. Glad to leave our elevation, I marched below and reported to General Hascall for duty,and was quickly placed in position to avenge upon rebel heads our night's hurried march. From him I received orders to report to Colonel Graham,and was put in position upon the ground occupied by Fifth Indiana Cavalry (which moved farther to the right),near the right center. In from and to our right was a heavy wood. By order I dispatched a company (B, Captain King)as skirmishers, with instructions to gain a fence skirting the woods immediately to our front.

The position was gained with scarcely any opposition,upon the first appearance of the enemy's skirmishers the company withdrew in disorder. I immediately called upon Captain Braxton, Company H, to regain the fence at any cost. Most gallantly was the order obeyed

