
and under aa heavy fire,while the captain held the position until withdrawn. In the meantime, the enemy had succeeded in planting batteries upon our right flank,and shot and shell flew thick and fast over us, but the position assigned us by Colonel Graham was held until night set in. In the meanwhile, I had been ordered to report to Colonel Gilbert,and by him to Colonel Reilly,from whom I received instructions to withdraw in silence when night had fairly set in. This I did without creating alarm and without loss,and marched 3 or 4 miles south of Rutledge,where we bivouacked for the night. Starting the following morning at 7 a.m. we came these cross-roads,where we for the first time since leaving the gap,received something to eat.

Our transportation,camp equipage,the and greater portion of regiment and camp property, and books and papers were lost.

To Captain Wooddmansee,for his gallant conduct in repulsing the enemy,to Captain Braxton,who led the advance over the mountain and who distinguished himself as commander of skirmishers,to Lieutenant-Colonel Sayles and Major Bryant for hearty co-operation,and to the regiment for good conduct, I am under obligation. Commissary Sergeant Kesler and Private Lawton, Company B,were indefatigable and fearless in their efforts to trace the enemy's line below in the valley.

Sergeant McGinnis, Corporal Rawlins,and Private Carlton, CompanyI, discovered the forces and positions of the enemy at the foot of the mountain and to rear of us;and while doing this Carlton was captured, but finally overpowered his guard,escaped,and rejoined us.

First Sergeant O'Haver, Company B, acting lieutenant,commanded pickets during the night the night,and only withdrew at dawn,when the enemy prepared to assault.

I am,with respect,

THOS. J. BRADY,

Colonel, Commanding 117th Indiana Infantry.

Lieutenant BENJ. F. OLDEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 18-31, 1863.-Operations in Northern Mississippi and West Tennessee.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Dec.24, 1863.-Skirmish at Estenaula, Tennessee

Skirmish at Jack's Creek, Tennessee

26, 1863.-Skirmish at Somerville, Tennessee

Skirmish near New Castle, Tennessee

27, 1863.-Skirmish at La Fayette, Tennessee

Skirmish at Collierville, Tennessee

Skirmish at Grisson's							Bridge, Tennessee

Skirmish near Moscow, Tennessee

28, 1863.-Skirmish at Mount Pleasant, Miss.

29, 1863.-Skirmish at Coldwater, Miss.

