
REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brig. Gen. Benjamin H. Grierson, U. S. Army,commanding Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry,commanding Second Brigade,of skirmishes at La Fayette and Collierville, Tennessee(27th).

Numbers 3.-Lieutenant W. Scott Belden, Sixth Iowa Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Edward Prince, Seventh Illinois Cavalry,of skirmishes at Estenaula(24th)and near New Castle, Tennessee(26th).

Numbers 5.-Lieutenant Colonel Jefferson Brumback, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry,of skirmishes at La Fayette and Collierville, Tennessee(27th).

Numbers 6.-Colonel William H. Morgan, Twenty-fifth Indiana Infantry,commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 7.-Maj. Gen. Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army.

No. 1.

Report of Brig. Gen. Benjamin H. Grierson, U. S. Army,commanding Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, January 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: * In pursuance of Special Orders, No. 324,dated headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, December 18, 1863, Colonel Mizner was ordered to move his command(except the Sixth Tennessee),in connection with a brigade of infantry and battery,under General Mower,from Corinth north toward Purdy. At the same time I prepared to concentrate the rest of my command at La Grange,for the purpose of moving north and operating in conjunction with General Mower from Purdy,and General A. J. Smith,[who was to move south]from Union City, toward the position of the enemy at Jackson, Tennessee Information arrived,however,that General Smith was not yet prepared to leave; accordingly my movements were postponed,with the exception of Colonel Mizner, who in connection with General Mower,was orderer north to Purdy,there to await further developments.

On the 22nd of December, however, I concentrated the rest of my command at La Grange, for the purpose of moving north to Bolivar. Upon arriving at La Grange, I was informed by General Tuttle that a considerable force of the enemy under General Chalmers was posted

near Salem. This information having been telegraphed to the major-general commanding,it was thought best to remain at La Grange for the present. Accordingly,at daylight on the following morning, I started Colonel Prince with about 500 men of the Seventh Illinois north,with instructions to cover all the crossings of the Hatchie,and,if pressed by the enemy,to fall back toward Grand Junction. At the same time I sent 200 men south to feel Chalmers. Colonel Prince proceeded to Bolivar,thence northwest along the Hatchie,destroying all the boats as he proceeded. When near Estenaula,he came upon a considerable force of the enemy under Richardson,who were crossing the Hatchie at that point.

He attacked and drove them back until night compelled him to suspend operations,and he fell back to secure a safe position in which to encamp. Upon reception of this news I immediately dispatched Major Burgh,with the Ninth Illinois Cavalry,to re-enforce Colonel prince,and,it being the belief that the enemy would attempt to

---------------

*For portion here omitted, see p.578.

---------------

