
cross the railroad between La Grange and Pocahontas, I disposed my command as well as possible to intercept him. That night forrest succeeded in crossing his whole command at Estenaula.

To prevent being flanked, Colonel Prince Was compelled to fall back to Somerville;here he remained all day on the 25th,and communicated with me at La Grange. I immediately ordered him to move east to New Castle,where Major Burgh had by this time arrived. He started on the morning of the 26th on the road to New Castle. About 4 miles from Somerville,he met the enemy in force and engaged them,but being attacked vigorously in the rear,his command was thrown into disorder and compelled to retreat. They arrived in La Grange,as did also Major Burgh,the same afternoon.

On the morning of the 27th, Learned that the enemy had moved west. I telegraphed this information to the general commanding,and suggested the propriety of starting a regiment of cavalry west. This was approved,and Major Burgh was immediately ordered to, Collierville,with his regiment,and instructions to reports by telegraph to the general commanding immediately upon his arrival at that point. Scarcely had he started when the operator at La Fayette stated that the enemy were coming,and a few moments afterward the wires were cut. The bridge at this point had been repeatedly ordered destroyed,and when passing there upon the railroad on the 22nd instant I sent a staff officer to inquire if it had been done. He was told by Lieutenant Roberts,of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry,who was in command there,that it was entirely destroyed.

The information of their approach was received about fifteen minutes after 1 p.m.on the 27th. I immediately telegraphed Colonel Morgan,who was at Grant Junction with his brigade and a train of cars, which he had been ordered to keep in readiness to move at a moment's notice,to embark his command and run La Fayette as speedily as possible,as the enemy had attacked that place. Considerable delay occurred before Colonel Morgan left La Grange,at least two hours being consumed in embarking his command and running 2 1/2 miles. At this point I gave him written instructions to attack the enemy vigorously wherever he might be found,and sent with him Major Starr,one of my staff,for the purpose offending me information.

In the meantime I suggested to Brigadier-General Tuttle that the force of white troops under Major Henry,stationed at Moscow,be sent to Grisson's Bridge until the arrival of Colonel Morgan. The suggestion was approved and acted upon. When Colonel Morgan arrived at Grisson's Bridge he found Major Henry stationed there and his advance already skirmishing with the enemy. He (Major Henry) received orders to advance with his command,which he did with alacrity,and engaged the enemy sharply;and I beg leave here to make mention of the bravery displayed by Major Henry and his troops upon this occasion. He drove them back,and Colonel Morgan advanced with his train to within 1 1/2 miles of La Fayette,where he disembarked and formed in line of battle,although Major Henry was still in his advance for some distance with skirmishers and reserves engaging the enemy.

Finding it impossible to get through the swamp in line,he formed column and deployed again into line three or four times. In this way at least one hour was consumed, during which time the enemy was fast crossing Wolf River,and succeeded in crossing his entire force before Colonel Morgan had fired a shot. In the meantime

