
Major Burgh,with the Ninth Illinois Cavalry,about 300 strong,marched by wagon road from La Grange and met the enemy about 1 1/2 miles west of Moscow. He skirmished with and drove them,in connection with Major Henry,until he arrived at La Fayette. Here the enemy divided,part going west along the railroad and the rest going south.

Major Burgh pushed west,and again came up with them near Collierville before midnight. He immediately dispatched Colonel Morgan,who had into bivouac at La Fayette. At 3 a.m.on the 28th, Colonel Morgan moved upon them, but before he arrived at Collierville they had gone. From this point he communicated with the major-general commanding,stating that his command were worn out,when they had marched but 8 1/2 miles in two days and had not vet succeeded in coming within shooting distance of the enemy. He was ordered both by the major-general commanding and myself to start immediately in pursuit of the enemy. The last order he received at 6 p.m.on the 28th,but did not move until 3 o'clock the next morning. In the meantime, Colonel Mizner's brigade had returned from Purdy to Corinth and was brought by rail to La Grange.

On the morning of the 28th, I started the Second Brigade,under Major Coon,southwest to Mount Pleasant,thence to Hudsonville. As soon as Mizner arrived at La Grange I proceeded with his brigade to Hudsonville. At midnight on the 28th, I started scouts to ascertain the whereabouts of the enemy,who had passed southwest from Hudsonville the morning before.

At daylight on the 29th, Started the Second Brigade in pursuit. I soon received information from Major Coon that Forrest had been joined by Chalmers,and that another movement on the road was contemplated by the combined forces. Taking this information,in connection with a dispatch about this I received from the major-general commanding,with information that a considerable force of the enemy had crossed Coldwater north to re-enforce Forrest, I deemed it best to move to Mount Pleasant with the rest of my command,and sent detachments to Olive Branch and farther west,in order to completely cover the line of the railroad,and sent expeditions to all the fords and crossings on Coldwater,and one to proceed,if possible,as far as Byhalia.

The next morning (30th) I received information from all the scouts that the enemy had passed rapidly southward,and a cold rain, accompanied by snow,setting in, Ordered Colonel Mizner to proceed with his command,via Mount Pleasant, to La Grange, sent the Sixth Illinois,via Olive Branch,to Germantown,and with the rest of the command fell back to Collierville.

I herewith transmit report by Colonel Morgan of the part taken by his command in the late pursuit;also,extract from the report of Major M. H. Starr,acting assistant inspector-general of the Cavalry Division,who was present during the movements of Colonel Morgan's brigade from La Grange at La Fayette.

If Colonel Morgan had evinced as much enterprise in pursuing and attacking the enemy as he in making excuses for his tardy movements,success would undoubtedly have attended our efforts.

Respectfully,your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Division,

Captain T. H. HARRIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

39 R R-XXXI, PT I

