
La Fayette; that they had driven Lieutenant Roberts, Ninth Illinois cavalry, with his command of two companies of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry,from the town,and were pushing him west on the State Line road. This information came by mounted courier. I immediately mounted every man that was available in camp,using the transportation mules for the purpose,and sent Captain Foster, Second Iowa Cavalry,in command of the detachment,amounting to about 100 men,on the State Line road toward La Fayette. They met Lieutenant Roberts, Ninth Illinois Cavalry,with his command, about 50 men, 2 miles west of La Fayette,and immediately joined with him and engaged the enemy; checked their advance. Drove it back half a mile,but heavy re-enforcements of the rebels coming up they again drove our men slowly but steadily back,pursuing them until within range of our guns in the fort at Collierville,which were opened. Our little detachment fought so stubbornly that it was after dark when our artillery opened.

The enemy,2,000 strong,under General Forrest,formed a line of battle three-fourths of a mile east of the fort,sending 400 west and 600 south of the town. The night was intensely dark,and it was raining.

Before daylight on the morning of the 28th December, General Forrest moved his whole command south on the Chulahoma road. Soon after daylight the Ninth Illinois Cavalry came into camp from the east;about 9 a. m. Colonel Morgan's brigade arrived.

At 12 m.the Ninth Illinois Cavalry started in pursuit of the enemy,and at 3 a.m.on the 29th, Colonel Morgan's brigade followed. The pursuit was continued a few miles south of the Coldwater,but the enemy having twenty-four hours the start of any considerable portion of our forces,of course the pursuit was fruitless. The command returned to camp on morning of the 31st December.

The conduct of Captain Foster, Second Iowa Cavalry,and of Sergeant Pullman, Ninth Illinois Cavalry,and most of the men of their commands,is highly commendable.

Our casualties are as follows:Two men wounded and 8 men captured. The losses of the enemy much greater that ours,and as far as known were 1 man killed and 7 men wounded.

I am,captain,your most obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain SAMUEL L. WOODWARD,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Cav. Div.,16th A. C., Memphis, Tennessee

No. 3.

Report of Lieutenant W. Scott Belden, Sixth Iowa Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,of the destruction of bridges at La Fayette.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., CAV. DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Collierville, Tennessee, january 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report in regard to the destruction of the bridges at La Fayette:

In compliance with orders received by telegraph from your head

