
quarters, December 25, 1863,ordering the destruction of all crossings on Wolf River, I telegraphed to Lieutenant S. O. Roberts, Ninth Illinois Cavalry,commanding at La Fayette,to destroy all crossings on the Wolf,in the vicinity of La Fayette. This order was repeated on the 26th and 27th days of december, 1863,and was received by lieutenant Roberts(see certificate of telegraph operator at Collierville and La Fayette),but the destruction of the bridge was not complete,a foot-path being left,whereby the enemy crossed on the 27th December,and from thence south.

I am,very respectfully,your most obedient servant,

W. SCOTT BELDEN,

Lieutenant,and Acting assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Enclosures.]

COLLIERVILLE, Tennessee,

December 29, 1863.

I certify,and am willing to testily under oath,that on the 25th,26th,and 27th,one or all of these days,in December, 1863, I sent at least three messages to Lieutenant Roberts,ninth Illinois Cavalry,in command at LA fayette,ordering him in positive and unmistakable terms to destroy all crossings of Wolf River,to prevent the enemy getting over.

The same orders were also sent to commanding officer at Germantown,and all bearing the signature of W. Scott Belden,lieutenant,and acting assistant adjutant-general, Second Brigade Cavalry, Sixteenth Army Corps.

E. F. BUTLER,

Operator.

LA FAYETTE,

December 29, 1863.

Lieutenant BELDEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

All the messages are destroyed that were in my office. I received several messages for Lieutenant S. O. Roberts from you to destroy all crossings,and he received them all,for I delivered them in person. Respectfully,

W. A. THAYER.

No. 4.

Report of Colonel Edward Prince, Seventh Illinois Cavalry,of skirmishes at Estenaula (24th)and near New Castle, Tennessee(26th).
HDQRS. SEVENTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,La Grange, Tennessee, December 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that,in pursuance of orders from General Grierson,commanding division, I marched on the morning of the 23rd instant at 6 a.m. The orders above alluded to directed me to proceed with my regiment, with five days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition,to Bolivar. From that point to send patrols

