
enemy having gained our rear,we were compelled to retire,and,owing to the broken character of the ground,in considerable disorder.

The loss the enemy sustained,however in killed and wounded,must have exceed our entire loss,which will not exceed 40 killed,wounded,and missing. I collected all the men I could and flanked the enemy's left,sent word to New Castle,and ascertained that Major Burgh had been some time gone from New Castle. I overtook his rear guard about 3 miles from New Castle,and the major himself about 7 miles that place (New Castle). The major states that he held a consultation among his officers,and did send out two companies, who had a little skirmish with the enemy.

There can be no question but that, if Major Burgh had made any show on the rear of his foe, or had even discharged a howitzer in his own camp, the fight would have ended in a complete rout of the enemy and the capture of several hundred prisoners. As it is, I have only to report Major Burgh for incompetency and violation of orders. I desire also to report that the force fought yesterday consisted of about 300 of Forrest's command, commanded by General F[orrest]in person, General Richardson and Colonel Neely, in command of about 1,300 men; that it is my opinion that at the time of the fight yesterday Forrest's artillery and train were on the move for Somerville from Fayette Corners, and that it arrved at that place last night.

Respectfully,

EDWARD PRINCE,

Colonel Seventh Illinois Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant BELDEN, Acting Assistant-General.

No. 5.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jefferson Brumback, Ninety-fifth Ohio Infantry,of skirmishes at La Fayette and Collierville, Tennessee(27th).
HDQRS. NINETY-FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO INFANTRY Volunteers,Camp at Collierville, Tennessee, December 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that yesterday the enemy, under command of Forrest, having crossed the Wolf Creek at La Fayette, approached this place,driving before them a few cavalry that had been sent out to oppose their advance and watch their movements. About dark they engaged and drove in my pickets,after a sharp skirmish. A few shots were fired by the guns in the fort. During the night the enemy attacked one of my picket posts,when a few shots were exchanged between parties. Beyond this,all remained quiet during the night,which was very dark,and in the morning the enemy had disappeared.

The casualties in my regiment are,2 men missing, Corpl. George W. Corbin, and Private Barton Durant. Both were probably captured by mistaking, while falling back from the picket post in the darkness, rebel cavalry for our own.

I am, sir,respectfully,your obedient servant,

J. BRUMBACK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. A. Rawson, Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen.

