
were absolutely necessary for the work we were expecting to perform. This preparation,unnecessary to detail,but familiar to every officer of the infantry arm of the service,added to the time required to form companies and regiments and to march from (a distance of at least one-fourth of a mile) to the railway train intended to convey us,did not require a less period than twenty or thirty minutes.

If it is possible for this movement to be considered tardy,we think an apology can be offered which will,or ought to in our opinion,dispel any thought of this kind,particularly if entertained by an unprejudiced or impartial mind,when we state it was and had been raining very hard for at least one hour. Owing to this,we experienced considerable inconvenience and delay on the arrival of the command at the train,so that it was some minutes before the infantry was on board and ready to be moved. It was with the artillery,however,that we experienced the most difficulty,and with which a greater length of time was occupied. Each gun caisson had to be unlimbered,and the two parts of each taken by hand placed on the platform cars intended to convey them. This, necessarily a slow process at best,was now rendered doubly tedious on account of the rain and mud.

We had succeeded in getting two guns and two caissons with their limbers,and the remaining guns of the battery without limbers,and probably 8 or 10 horses,on and in the cars,when we received a dispatch directing us to leave the battery if not loaded. The remaining caissons were immediately ordered to be and were returned to camp; but as the men were engaged in placing on the cars the limbers of the two guns already on board,and at the same time the horses for so much of the battery as was then loaded,we concluded that,as the battery would not probably be of much service to us without the horses,to continue the loading, particularly as it was

asserted that but a moment would be required to accomplish all that we desired. Up to this time near one hour had been consumed. Now,this may appear to those who have had no experience of this kind,and under similar circumstances,as an unusual length of time. We,however,think differently,and,as we can truthfully and sincerely,we will bear testimony to the energy and will displayed by the officers and men of this command,and to the great desire exhibited by all to reach at the earliest possible moment the place designated in the first order received from division headquarters.

Our own preparations being completed it was reported that the locomotive had not a sufficient supply of wood. It was necessary,therefore,to supply this deficiency,and in order to do so the entire train,loaded,had to be backed up some distance. It was now near 3,30 p.m.before we were ready to and did start.

The distance from Grand Junior to La Fayette is by rail near 20 miles,we believe.. At the rate of travel over this road, say 20 miles per hour-and this was the best time made by the train that day-it will be seen that had we been able to have proceeded uninterruptedly we would have arrived at our destination at 4,30 p.m.,just nine minutes before sunset on that day.

But on our arrival at La Grange our progress was cut short for a moment in order that we might communicate with our commanding officer,who, we had learned by telegram,desired an interview with us on our arrival at that place. We here received orders to press the enemy,&amp;c., and a re-enforcement in of Maj. M. H.

