
in this order,but found it wholly impossible on account of the swamps,underbrush,and down timber,and were therefore compelled to advance by the flank.

It should be borne in mind that it was now quite dark, and such being the fact it is probable that it will be conceded as another and very serious obstacle to a rapid advance.

Having marched a short distance in the order indicated,we were met by Captain Blackburn,of the Ninth Illinois Cavalry,with the information that the was still in very strong force immediately in advance of us. If this was correct,he was of course prepared to resist us.

The command passed again into the order of battle and advanced,with the expectation that the enemy would open on us every moment. We felt the importance of keeping the men well in hand in case of an engagement at that hour of the night,and exerted ourselves accordingly. We discovered in a little while,however,that our reporters had either been very greatly deceived or that the enemy had retreated precipitately. We continued on the march until we had reached an elevated position about one-fourth of a mile to the east of the village,and then bivouacked.

As my command was much fatigued,and all of us without horses,we did not think that much,if anything,could be accomplished by pursuing with infantry a well-mounted force of the enemy,and notified the division commander accordingly.

It affords me pleasure to be able to state that we here parted company with the distinguished (?)acting assistant inspector-general of the Cavalry Division. Taking the train upon which was the battery attached to this brigade,he returned,we believe,to La Grange the same night,there to regale his commanding and superior officers with his exploits,and to assure them of his superior military talent by criticizing the operations of this brigade and by speaking disparagingly of it and its commander.

Major Burgh,with the Ninth Illinois Cavalry,arriving shortly after,continued on the road toward Collierville.

At 12 o'clock that night we received a massage from him to the effect that Forrest,with his force,4,500 strong,was near Collierville,and that he designed attacking that place at daylight.

Orders were issued at once,and at 3 a.m. this brigade was on the march for that place,at which,or the enemy's rear,we expected to arrive at early dawn,and in time to render assistance to the garrison.

We selected the railroad as the best route,and the one upon which the enemy would be less liable to expect us,and had reached a point nearly opposite the ground upon which the command of Major Burgh had halted,and about 4 miles distant from La Fayette,when we were met by a courier from him,who stated to us that it would be impossible for us to continue much farther on this route,as the enemy's force occupied an extent of country bordering on the railroad of near 2 1/2 miles, his advance extending to within 1 mile of Collierville.

It was now about 5 o'clock in the morning,and of course still dark. Crediting our opponent with a reasonable degree of intelligence and caution,we did not think it advisable to continue on the railroad farther. To surprise him in his camp we not think it possible,and that he would avail himself of the advantages offered we though very probable. To meet him,therefore,upon an equal footing,we

