
determined to continue the march on the wagon road. This we found in a most miserable condition,so muddy,in fact,that it was with the utmost difficulty,and at a very slow pace,that we were able to move at all. The consequence was that instead of reaching the enemy's force or Collierville at daylight,it was near 8 o'clock in the morning before we came to a halt in the vicinity of that place. The enemy was reported to have marched a little before daylight in a southerly direction.

Shortly after our arrival at Collierville,not being able to get telegraphic communication with the division commander,we telegraphed to Major-General Hurlbut,at Memphis,informing him of our where-abouts, &amp;c., expecting directions from him before proceeding farther on our own responsibility. We received a telegram from him at 11 a.m., pursuit of the enemy.

Being informed of the absence of our battery, we were then directed to communicate with the division commander by courier, have the battery sent forward at once, and to wait its arrival. At 9 p.m. of the same day, however, we received an order from Brigadier-General Grierson directing us to follow in the trace of the enemy. As no particular route was specified,we concluded to march by the way of Mount Pleasant for the Coldwater crossing on the La Grange and Holly Springs road,and telegraphed the general that we would march as soon as the moon was up,or at 11 p.m. But few,it any,of the men had had any sleep since the night of the 26th,which,added to the fatigue of the marches and the could weather,had well nigh disabled the command for any further service,so that it was near 2 o'clock in the morning before we were on the way.

We reached Mount Pleasant at 6.30 a.m.and Coldwater at 3 p.m.,where we halted,in obedience to instructions received by courier from the division commander when near Hudsonville.

We were joined here by the mounted infantry of this brigade,numbering 250 men of the Thirty-second Wisconsin Volunteers

and Cooper's battery. We had with us command of Major Henry, which it was our intention to have sent back Collierville to La Fayette or Moscow,on the morning of the 29th,and would have done so but for information received from the effect that he had been ordered by General Tuttle to join us our arrival at Grisson's Bridge on the 27th.

As the indications were that we would move forward that night or early the next morning, Major Henry and his command were ordered to return to La Grange,and accordingly marched at daylight of the 30th. His route was afterward changed to Moscow instated of the place mentioned,by direction of the division commander,who had arrived about 12 o'clock the night before.

Preparations were being made to move southward in the morning,but at or near 7.30 a.m. the pursuit was abandoned and a retrograde movement ordered. We arrived at Mount Pleasant about 3 p.m. the same day, and bivouacked there that night.

At 10 a.m. the next day,or the 31st,we received orders to march to Collierville and there wait further orders. At 3 p.m.,in the midst of a most terrible rain,sleet,and snow storm,without any tents or other shelter,and without axes with which to provide wood for fires,this brigade arrived. It was with the utmost difficulty that our men were kept from perishing that night.

We will bring our sketch to a conclusion by saying that,in our

