
opinion,no troops ever more willingly or cheerfully entered upon the discharge of any duty or met any requisition upon their courage and endurance with a better determination to faithfully discharge all its requirements,or exhibited a greater degree of real genuine heroism and fortitude in the midst of the most trying vicissitudes of wintry weather that did the Indiana, Wisconsin, Illinois men composing this brigade,and as a reward for sleepless nights,hard marches,wearied limbs,and swollen feet,these men did not expect the ingratitude of their superiors.

We have the honor to be captain,

WILLIAM H. MORGAN,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Comdg.

Captain SAMUEL L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 7.

Reports of Maj. Gen. Nathan B. Forrest, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Holly Springs, December 29, 1863.

GENERAL: I arrived with the greater portion of my troops in this vicinity this morning, regretting very much that I had to leave West Tennessee so early. The concentration of a heavy force compelled me to move on the 24th from Jackson. The Corinth force of the enemy reached Jack's Creek, within 25 miles of Jackson, on the 23d. I sent out a force to meet and develop their strength and retard their progress. They were found to consist of three regiments of cavalry, a brigade of infantry, and four pieces of artillery. We drove the cavalry back to the infantry and then retired. I moved my forces to Estenaula, on the Hatchie, crossing it by the night of 25th. Met a cavalry regiment and routed them. Fought the enemy again on the 26th,at Somerville,killing and wounding 8 or 10 and capturing about 35 prisoners. I then moved a part of my force,under Colonel Faulkner,to Raleigh,and with the balance moved square to the left to La Fayette Bridge, Wolf River.

On the morning of the 27th,my advance reached the bridge and attacked the bridge guard;drove them back and put to flight the force at La Fayette Station,killing several and capturing 4 or 5 prisoners. Cavalry advanced on me from Collierville,which we met and drove back. The enemy also sent re-enforcements by trains from Moscow,which we held in check until all wagon train was safely across the river and on the road in the rear of my advance on Collierville. We closed the fight at Collierville about 8 o'clock at night,driving the enemy into their fortifications.

Not being able to hear anything of General Chalmers,and ny men being worn out, I felt it to be prudent to retire,which I did,and my command is encamped about 7 miles west of this place. Another difficulty in matter was that all my men armed with Austrian rifles were out of ammunition,having had the misfortune to lose my Austrian ammunition by the upsetting of a wagon at Forked Deer River.

I have brought out about 2,500 men. Colonel Faulkner,who is to cross at Raleigh,has with him about 800 more. I hope to hear that they have gotten out safely by to-morrow. If I could have staid

