
there 10 days longer,could have almost doubled that number. I brought out my wagon train and artillery safely,although I have never experienced such weather and roads. My stock,however,is much jaded and requires rest.

I have a lot of prisoners,and General Tuttle has signified his willingness to exchange man for man. Would I be justified in doing so?

I think of moving my headquarters to Oxford,and will encamp my command in Panola in order to organize it,and arm and equip it. The locality is a good one for forage,unless my command can be supplied with forage from the railroad. If so I would prefer to be south of the Tallahatchie to organize. I will advise you positively of my location as soon as made.

I am,general,very respectfully,your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General, Commanding.

Maj. Gen. STEPHEN D. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry in Mississippi.

HOLLY SPRINGS, December 29, 1863.

GENERAL: I have succeeded in getting out with about 2,500 men. Fought the enemy in heavy force at Jack's Creek,25 miles east of Jackson,and drove them back. Commenced moving from Jackson on the next day (24th). Fought them on 25th at Estenaula,putting them to flight. Met Seventh Illinois Regiment at Somerville. Succeeded in their rear and cut them up badly, capturing their wagons,a good many arms and horses,and 45 prisoners,and killed and wounded quite a number. We moved by La Fayette Bridge,on Wolf river. Found a heavy guard at the bridge, which my advance drove off;also scattered the forces at La fayette Station,and succeeded in crossing all my unarmed men,wagons,artillery,and beef cattle. The enemy advanced on me from Collierville and Moscow. We held the Moscow force in check and drove the troops from Collierville back to that place and into their fortifications. Fighting ceased at 8 o'clock at night. I then withdrew to this place. I will move into Panola Country,or Oxford,for the purpose of organizing the men I brought out. Owing to my having to leave Jackson so soon there are about 3,000 men left that I could not get together in time. If arrangements can be made to go back again,can bring out at least 3,000 men.

I am,in haste,general,your obedient servant,

N. B&gt;FORREST,

Major-General POLK.

DECEMBER 21-23, 1863.-Scout from Rossville to La Fayette, Ga.

Report of Colonel Louis D. Watkins,commanding Third Brigade, First Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Rossville, Ga., December 23, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a scouting party of 150 men,from the Fourth and Sixth Kentucky Cavalry,left this post,

