
under command of Major Welling,of the Fourth Kentucky Cavalry,with orders to scout through McLemore's Cove,cross at Bluebird Gap,and La Fayette from the west,then return to camp on the morning of the 21st instant.

These instructions were obeyed,and the command returned at 9 this morning,bringing with them 1 commissioned,4 non-commissioned officers,and 12 privates,prisoners of war,10 citizens,said to be violent rebels,and 38 horses and mules.

The command report forage in abundance on the other side of Bluebird Gap.

Lieutenant Edwards,of the Eighth Georgia Battalion,while attempting to escape,was shot by Major Welling,inflicting a severe flesh wound in the thigh.

One of the prisoners, Corpl. J. J. Cutler,was captured in a Federal uniform,and,although he claims to be a courier,doubtless is a rebel scout. I transmit for your inspection,papers* found upon his person.

I have the honor to be general,very respectfully,your obedient servant,

LOUIS D. WATKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade,

Brigadier-General Whipple,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The scout, Lawton has the papers above referred to.

L. D. W.

DECEMBER 22, 1863.-Skirmish at Cleveland, Tennessee

Report of Lieutenant Jacob Bedtelyon, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

CLEVELAND, Tennessee,

December 23, 1863.

COLONEL: I was attacked yesterday at 3 p.m. by 60 rebel cavalry. The charged on my picket and drove him in,and followed him within a few rods where I am stationed;there we held them in check fifteen or twenty minutes until they flanked us and I was compelled to fullback;they held the place only half an hour. My loss is 1 man mortally wounded and myself somewhat bruised,being struck on the breasts by a spent ball. Lost 5 horses,10 saddles,7 rifles,7 revolvers and nearly all our overcoats and blankets.

Rebel loss 2 men left wounded;the rest they have taken with them. From the best information I can get they left their lines yesterday morning and returned last evening. Colonel, this post cannot be held with less than 75 men. It is impossible to keep out a sufficient number of vedettes with the force that I have. I have only 26 men, and they are destitute of all kinds of clothing, even blankets.

With the Seventeenth,which is now here,we could hold the post with more safety.

J. BEDTELYON,

Lieutenant, Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

Colonel LONG.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

