
[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 24, 1863-6.30 a.m.

GENERAL PARKE:

I send you a dispatch just received from General Sturgis. Send over as soon as you can first brigade that you can get hold of; also comply with his request to have Wolford's dismounted men sent, with his wagons, to Strawberry Plains.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,New Market, December 24, 1863-11.30 a.m.

GENERAL: The division of Colonel McCook, General Elliott's corps, has been engaging the enemy more or less since early this morning on the Morristown road. The Second Indiana has just made a very handsome charge on the enemy's left and driven him back. There is a rumor to the effect that the force I sent to Dandridge has captured the enemy's battery; nothing official in regard to it,however. I am anxious to hear from Colonel Garrard,who commands that force, as I do not wish separate my forces any more by pushing the enemy until I can hear of him. I trust you can spare the brigade now with you and send it as rapidly as possible to join me.

Respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Major-General FOSTER.

P. S.-This moment I hear firing in the direction of the mount of Chucky, 8 miles from here. I am apprehensive that Garrard has followed up the enemy's force that way. I have been endeavoring to hear from him all the morning, but so far without success. I expect hear from him in an hour at the outside, however. I have sent him two couriers, directing him to come to this place on the direct roads.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,New Market, December 24, 1863-8.30 p.m.

GENERAL: Of the two brigades I sent to Dandridge last night, one (under Colonel Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry) has returned, and the other(Colonel Garrard) is within supporting distance.

Colonel Campbell had a severe engagement near Dandridge, killing some 80 or 100 of the enemy,and wounding,he thinks,a very large number. Our loss will probably not reach over some 20 or 30 in killed and wounded, among whom are several fine officers. The enemy surrounded him with a very large force, and while defending himself on one side, the enemy charged his battery from the other side, capturing two of his pieces. In this charge the enemy's loss was very severe,and the major who led the charge was killed. Colonel Campbell then handsomely charged the enemy and recovered his guns. Colonel Campbell informs me that he saw 15 of the enemy's dead in one spot,and says they were strewn around in great profusion. The colonel deserves great credit for the masterly manner in which he extricated his command.

