
On the Morristown road the fighting was stubborn,but the enemy was driven beyond Mossy Creek.

The brigade of Colonel Garrard was engaged also near Cheek's Cross-Roads, but I have no report as yet of his operations. The whole number of prisoners brought in thus far is about 45 several ;officers among them. The enemy evidently in great force.

Please accept my thanks for the promptness witch my requests have been granted,and believe me, yours,respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Major-General PARKE.

P. S.-A copy of this has been sent to the telegraph operator at Strawberry Plains for General Foster.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,New Market, Tennessee, December 25, 1863-2.15 p.m.

GENERAL: The brigade of Colonel Garrard returned last night to this place,having lost some 12 or 15 of his men in killed and wounded. The is of opinion that enemy's loss was about the same.

Hearing no firing at Dandridge yesterday morning, I feared the enemy had received information of the movement I had ordered and had gotten away,and a force might be sent from Mossy Creek to intercept our force. I accordingly sent orders to return at once. The enemy had the information, and did march with the intention of cutting them off. Colonel Garrard,however, apprehending the same movement,fell back just in time to secure the the intersection of the road from this place with that from Mossy Creek to Dandridge, and thus secured the withdrawal of both brigades. In this move the colonel sustained well the favorable opinion we had formed of his coolness and skill. It is due to Colonel Palmer, of the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry (commonly called the Anderson Cavalry), to say that he accompanied this expedition with the few troops he had as a volunteer, and rendered, valuable aid. His loss was some 8 wounded, and Captain W. Airey,whose horse was killed,taken prisoner.

I am,general,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,December 26, 1863.

GENERALS: This morning my line occupied a fine position about half a mile beyond Mossy Creek,and it was my intention to attack the enemy,whose line was about three-fourths of a mile beyond, and drive him back on his main force. The rain coming on, however, and threatening to raise the river in my rear, I was deterred from undertaking a general action; all of which I reported to you,and was happy to learn that you acquiesced in my action. The weather becoming more favorable,however,about 11 a.m. our line of skirmishers was pushed forward a little and engaged the enemy; but

