
little injury was done on either side, I presume. Our artillery opened for a little while and was briskly replied to by the enemy's battery, but this latter was soon driven from its position and retired.

The ease witch the enemy was driven back,taken in connection with the cavalry on our right flank,led me to apprehend that he desired to draw us as far as possible toward Morristown with his infantry, and I did not pursue. The position I occupied, though a fine one for defense against an enemy in front, was in advance of the roads coming in from Dyer's Ford,from Chucky Bend,and from Dandridge; so I withdrew to this side Mossy Creek,so as command these roads.

While withdrawing, the enemy attempted to regain a wood on Morristown road from which he had been driven,when the Fourth Indiana charged upon and drove him back,killing several of the enemy,(who) thereupon shelled the road,and wounded 1 man.

I learn that the enemy is picketing at Dyer's Ford. The weather is still unsettled,and it is raining. From a citizen just in I learn that rebel soldiers stated,in answer to the question what brought them to Dandridge,that they had intended making a dash on Strawberry Plains and destroying it by a surprise, but were themselves surprised on reaching Dandridge.

I am, general,respectfully,&amp;c.,

S. D. STURGIS,

Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Brig. General E. E. POTTER.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Brenner's House, Mossy Creek, December 27, 1863.

Brigadier-General ELLIOTT:

GENERAL: Your welcome dispatch is received. I got up in time to see a part and hear the balance. I congratulate you on having troops to charge with such a vim. Remain where you are,and I will see to the roads. Advance against them in the morning,and let me know what assistance is necessary. You have done exceedingly well, and I will telegraph so to General Foster.

Yours,&c.,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

If you do not come down to-night, I will go up and see you in the morning.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,December 27, 1863.

Colonel E. M. McCook:

COLONEL: I send you General Sturgis' note. I await your report and those from brigade commanders to send particulars. Return this with report of particulars.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Near Mossy Creek, December 27, 1863-7.30 p. m.

We attacked the enemy this afternoon at this place,and drove him from every position back to within a short distance of Talbott's

