
Station,when,night coming on,we had to desist. Our troops went forward through the rain and mud in fine spirits. I have no particulars to communicate as yet. Martin's and Armstrong's divisions are both in our front. So far as I can learn,the telegraph wire is undisturbed between this and Strawberry Plains,and I would suggest that it be repaired at the river and an operator sent to me. That would save a great deal in time and horseflesh.

Respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Major-General FOSTER.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Mossy Creek, Tennessee, December 28, 1863-9 a.m.

GENERAL: The enemy is not in sight this morning. Reconnaissances are being made to find his position. About dark last evening the First Brigade, First Division, of General Elliott,drove the enemy from his camp,capturing a few arms and their provisions, then cooking. Generals Martin and Armstrong were both present last evening,with Harrison's, Holmes'[?],and McLemore 's brigades. The roads,and especially the fields,are very heavy this morning. I am not sure that I will move in the direction of Morristown. If we can obtain a good foothold between this and mouth of Chucky, their subsistence would be so completely cut off that I do not think they could occupy Morristown in force. Breaking the enemy,s backbone is well enough,but I think it will do him equal injury to break his belly.

Respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Maj. Gen. J. G. PARKE.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Mossy Creek, December 28, 1863-7 p.m.

GENERAL: I have just received the official report of the operations of the Second Brigade, Colonel McCook's division, of General Elliott's command. In addition to the casualties already reported, Colonel La Grange reports 17 of the enemy,including 1 lieutenant,left dead on the field,in the severe skirmish which took place near this village on the 24th instant. Our loss has already been reported. In the advance upon Talbott's Station yesterday, Major Torrey, commanding the First Wisconsin Cavalry,captured 1 horse and a number of muskets,which his men destroyed. Our loss 3 slightly wounded, and 2 horses killed by a shell. Colonel La Grange reports the artillery practice of the Eighteenth Indiana Battery in the several engagements as admirable.

Colonel La Grange is an exceedingly energetic,valuable officer,and I take pleasure in asking your attention to the indorsement of General Elliott upon his reports, as follows:

Respectfully forwarded.

Colonel La Grange deserves special mention for the skill with which he managed his brigade in the several skirmishes since the 24th instant.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Cavalry.

