
to Nancy's Ford for the purpose of crossing the river, I was led to believe that I was required for service on the right flank of General Parke's command, and on the same side Holston River. This was admitted to me verbally by General Foster. After I had learned from him that the object of ordering my command to Nancy's Ford was to have me cross the river, I at once returned to McKinney's Ford and recrossed the First Brigade; the river then rising became too deep to ford, and by morning had risen from 3 1/2 to 4 feet.

Brigadier-General Sturgis arrived at McKinney's Ford the night of the 18th. On the 19th,by order of General Sturgis, the First Brigade marched down the left bank of the Holston, and remainder of the command down right bank to Strawberry Plains.

The river did not fall sufficiently to enable the command to ford until the 23rd ultimo. The artillery was ferried, and the command marched same day to New Market.

On the 24th ultimo, the First Brigade,with four pieces of Lilly's battery,was ordered to Dandridge, Tennessee, to co-operate with a brigade of cavalry from Army of the Ohio in an attack upon a brigade of rebel cavalry at or near Dandridge. The attack was made; the enemy was re-enforced. The commander of the First Brigade reports that support was not given him by the cavalry from the Army of the Ohio, and that he was compelled to retreat. Two pieces of his artillery were captured and recaptured,one piece disabled by the breaking of an axletree, spiked and abandoned. The enemy was repulsed-admitted by them-with severe loss; our loss small.

The same day the enemy, with two brigades, attacked the Second Brigade, First Division, and two pieces, near New Market, but was repulsed with the loss of 17 killed, including 2 officers (our loss slight), and driven beyond Mossy Creek 2 miles.

On the 26th, the enemy was felt, his superior force displayed, but we were prevented by heavy rain from further operations.

On the 27th,we again advanced, driving the enemy from every position to Talbott's Station, 3 to 4 miles.*

On the 29th,the Second Brigade,with one section of Lilly's battery,was by order of General Sturgis, detached to support, if necessary, two division of cavalry, Army of the Ohio, ordered toward Dandridge. The First Brigade was ordered to cover the front of the division, and, if attacked, to fall back to Mossy Creek without much resistance. The entire cavalry force of the enemy, Brigadier-Generals Armstrong's and J. T. Morgan's divisions, each of three brigades and two batteries, the whole commanded by Major-General Martin,attacked the First Brigade and Lilly's three pieces. It stubbornly fell back to Mossy Creek, and for three hours held its ground,supported by the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. A section of the Elgin (Fifth Illinois) battery,badly served, supported by the Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry, was sent by General Sturgis to strengthen our right. The enemy was repulsed in every attack on right,center, and left. The Second Brigade rejoined about 2.30 p. m. We advanced, driving the enemy beyond our camp of the previous day, with heavy loss to them. The conduct of the cavalry and artillery of the Army of the Cumberland was splendid. It has thus been kept to the front. Its list of killed and wounded sadly shows by whom the fighting has been done.

Detailed reports have been made through Brigadier-General

---------------

* For report of Action at Mossy Creek, see pp.652,653.

---------------

