
NO.4.

Reports of Colonel Edward M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding First Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,December 25, 1863.

The rebs can't drive us; we have driven them back. The Second Indiana charged their right, and had 3 men killed. The position we have is our real ground. The woods farther on are thick, and their guns are longer range.

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

General ELLIOTT,

Commanding Corps.

I wish you would send me orders whether you want me to advance or merely hold my position and skirmish.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Peck's House, December 25, 1863.

I have just come from our lines; our pickets are within 200 yards of the enemy. They informed the citizens, while falling back, that they would have re-enforcements by daylight and whip us out. I have ordered Colonel La Grange to hold his position and act on the defensive unless otherwise ordered. I suppose probably they will attack in the morning. They sent in a flag of truce while I was down at headquarters for the bodies of 2 of their officers killed to-day. Our position is good, and I will await your orders in the morning. The ammunition in two regiments is a little short. I would like to have Campbell's brigade up in the morning if you can spare it.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commending.

Lieutenant W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DANIEL'S HOUSE, 2 1/2 MILES FROM MOSSY CREEK,

December 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the affair of to-day:

In accordance with the general commanding, I advanced my division at 2.30 p. m. The First Brigade, Colonel Campbell, on the left,and Second Brigade, Colonel La Grange, on the right of the Morristown road.

The advance was but feebly opposed by the enemy, who made their greatest resistance upon the right. They did not open with artillery until our arrival at this place,and then with but two pieces,slowly served. From the feeble manner in which our advance was opposed, I am satisfied that it was no part of the enemy's plan to fight us at this point.

I have learned that General Martin, the rebel chief of cavalry,and General Armstrong,were there in person.

