
So far as heard from the casualties are: Second Brigade, First Wisconsin Cavalry,2 enlisted men slightly wounded and 2 horses killed.

The lateness of the hour and the darkness prevent the procuring of more detailed reports from brigade commanders. I am induced to believe from my observation of the operations of the enemy, both to-day and yesterday,they desire and design to draw us into an advance upon this road.

I am, very respectfully,your most obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division,

Per J. A. S. MITCHELL,

Captain,and A. A. D. C., in Absence of Colonel McCook.

Lieutenant W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Daniel's House, 2 1/2 M. from Mossy Creek, Tennessee, Dec.28, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make report of the operations of his division from the 24th to the 28th instant, inclusive of both dates:

On the morning of the 24th, the First Brigade (Colonel Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding), with two sections of the Eighteenth Indiana Battery, was under orders from the general commanding,sent from New Market before daybreak toward Dandridge, with orders to reach that place by daylight,co-operating with Colonel Garrard's brigade,of Colonel Foster's division.

Colonel Campbell found no enemy at Dandridge, but receiving notice from Colonel Garrard that the latter was engaging the enemy on the Bull's Gap road, he advanced to his support,the advance (First East Tennessee Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel James P. Brownlow) soon striking the enemy.

At Hays' Ferry,4 miles from Dandridge, Colonel Campbell's line was formed with an artillery section in position, and the enemy driven from their line.

Under orders from Colonel Garrard, Colonel Campbell again advanced about half a mile,when, receiving joint orders with Colonel Garrard to that effect from General Sturgis, he recalled his regiments to return to New Market. At this time his brigade was attacked in the rear, three regiments of the enemy charging and for the moment taking a section of artillery not in position,but the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry and Michigan Cavalry, charging, repulsed the enemy, killing many and recapturing the guns.

Colonel Campbell being unable to get support from Colonel Garrard, and being engaged in front and rear by superior numbers of the enemy,was obliged, after repulsing the attack upon his rear, to retire by the left flank through a by-road,the enemy still pressing upon the rear of his column,but, being driven back in all their efforts to strike his main column, the Second Michigan Cavalry, keeping up a vigorous and well-directed fire,and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, by dashing saber charges, inflicted severe punishment upon the enemy.

Colonel Campbell returned to New Market that night. One caisson

