
was disabled at the time of its capture by the enemy, and the axletree of one of the gun limbers breaking,while passing through the timber, forced the abandonment of both, the gun being spiked.
Colonel Campbell's casualties were: Commissioned officers, 1 killed, 4 wounded; enlisted men, 6 killed,23 wounded, and 27 missing. Total,61. Six of the missing have since returned. Colonel Campbell took 29 prisoners from the enemy, and estimates their loss in killed and wounded at 150,including 1 major and 3 other officers.

On the same day (the 24th instant) the enemy advanced about 8 a.m. with two brigades to the position occupied by Colonel La Grange, Second Brigade, in front of New Market, and attacked them. Colonel La Grange advanced with his brigade, driving the enemy before him, killing 17,including 2 officers, and, advancing to Mossy Creek. His casualties for the day were 2 killed,4 severely and 5 slightly wounded, all enlisted men.

No movement was made on the 25th instant. On the 26th instant my division was advanced to and a slight distance beyond the line of Mossy Creek, driving the enemy's pickets, but not advancing farther. By order of the general commanding we returned to our encampment at 5 p. m. The Fourth Indiana Cavalry camping ground had been occupied by the enemy,but this regiment drove them out,killing 5 and wounding 2. In the skirmishing of the day 3 men were slightly wounded.

On the 27th instant,at 2.30 p. m. the division advanced to this point, driving the enemy steadily before them to Talbott's Station. Report of this day's affair has been previously forwarded.

A reconnaissance made by a detachment of the Second Brigade to Talbott's Station captured 5 of the enemy.

I am, lieutenant,your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Division,

Per J. A. S. MITCHELL,

Captain, and A. A. D. C., in Absence of Colonel McCook.

Lieutenant W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 5.

Reports of Colonel Archibald P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Two Miles from Mossy Creek, December 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that,in obedience to orders from the colonel commanding First Division Cavalry, I marched from New Market, Tennessee, 3 a. m. December 24, with First Brigade, First Division cavalry, toward Dandridge. At 1 mile distant from New Market my brigade was halted while Colonel Garrard's brigade passed. I marched through Flat Gap, arriving at Dandridge, 10 miles, at 9 a. m. and found no enemy; halted done hour, when I received a dispatch from Colonel Garrard to advance on Bull's Gap road to his support,as the enemy were advancing on his command. Colonel James P. Brownlow, First Tennessee Cavalry, advanced and soon commenced skirmishing with the enemy.

