
and 7 men missing, and 32 horses killed and wounded. Accompanying this charge the Second Michigan and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry opened a galling fire, which closed the fight. The enemy seeming to be satisfied with what they had received, fell back, and I marched to New Market at dark. An enemy appeared upon my right before my brigade left,but too late to do me any injury. The enemy's loss is not less than 150 killed and wounded, including 1 major, who led the charge against the artillery, killed. I captured 29 prisoners. My loss in killed, wounded, and missing is 61;6 missing have since returned. One caisson was disabled on the field by the enemy's hurry to get it away at the first charge by them. One piece of artillery disabled by the breaking of an axle-tree, which was spiked and abandoned.

Great credit is due to both officers men of my command for their gallantry and courage during the whole fight. The officers of my staff deserve much praise for their valuable assistance throughout the whole engagement.

December 26, marched from New Market to Mossy Creek,4 miles, and formed in line of battle,and exchanged shots with the enemy during the day until 5 p. m. One man, Second Michigan Cavalry, slightly wounded with a shell from the enemy's battery.

December 27, formed line in front of the enemy at 1 p. m., and skirmished 3 miles, driving them without loss.

Very respectfully submitted.

Your most obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S._ The order received from General Elliott to return to New Market was a joint order to myself and Colonel Garrard, and was sent to Colonel Garrard at once.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE DIVISION CAVALRY,New Market, Tennessee, December 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the casualties in the First Brigade in the fight of yesterday at Hays' Ferry, 4 miles from Dandridge,on Bull's Gap road, viz:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

2nd Michigan Cavalry:

Enlisted men	 1	 7	 15	 23

Commissioned officers(Captain	 --	 2	 --	 2

T. W. Johnson and First

Lieutenant J. H. Smith).

9th Pennsylvania Cavalry:

Enlisted men 	 2	 8	 5	 15

Commissioned officer(First	 1	 --	 --	 1

Lieutenant T. J. Mountz)

1st Tennessee Cavalry:Enlisted	 3	 7	 7	 17

men

Commissioned officers(Major	 --	 2	 --	 2

Thornburgh and Second

Lieutenant Paul Sturm).

Section 18th Indiana Battery 	 --	 1	 --	 1

Total enlisted men 	 6	 23	 27	 56

Total commissioned officers 	 1	 4	 --	 5

Grand total	 7	 27	 27	 61

