
I have captured 29 prisoners. One cannon of section of Eighteenth Indiana Battery was disabled on the field, an axle tree broken,and the piece abandoned; also, one caisson abandoned. Several men are slightly wounded,but are doing duty.

Very respectfully submitted.

Your most obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. E. JACOBS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 6.

Report of Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Talbott's House, near Mossy Creek, East Tennessee, December 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN:

I have the honor to report that,at 8 a.m. on the 24th instant,two small brigades of the enemy, under General Armstrong, advanced on the position occupied by this brigade near Dr. Peck's house,2 1/2 miles west of Mossy Creek Station. Our picket on the Morristown road was re-enforced, and an important position on the right occupied. About halt of our force was gradually drawn into the engagement. The enemy was driven back 3 1/2 miles, leaving several dead, including 1 lieutenant, on the field. We camped for the night at Mossy Creek Station. Our loss was 2 killed and 9 wounded. Had we been permitted to assume the offensive, it is though the enemy might have been severely punished.

Captain Hackleman, and Lieutenants Stover and Thomas, Second Indiana,deserve special mention for the gallant manner in which they held an important position, with only two companies, against a greatly superior force.

On the 26th, drove back the enemy's pickets and made a demonstration to the front, but did not advance. On returning to camp, the Fourth Indiana found its ground occupied by the enemy, and, after a brisk skirmish, compelled him to retire, leaving 5 dead and 2 wounded on the field. Our loss during the day was only 2 slightly wounded.

On the 27th,advanced,by order,to the ground occupied on the previous day, and drove the enemy 3 miles on the right of the Morristown road,our advance occupying his camp and capturing arms, cooking utensils, &amp;c. Darkness put an end to the engagement. We had 2 men killed by a shell, and 4 others slightly wounded. Enemy's loss unknown.

On the 28th, Major Torrey, First Wisconsin Cavalry, made a movement on the enemy's left flank, and after a brisk skirmish occupied Talbott's Station, capturing 5 of the enemy with horses, arms, and equipments, without loss.*

Very respectfully,

O. H. LA GRANGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

A. A. G., FIRST Cav. Div., Dept. of the Cumberland.

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties (omitted) from 24th 29th of December, shows 3 killed and 18 wounded.

---------------

