
No. 7.

Report of Colonel William J. Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, of operations December 24.
HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON CAVALRY,At Jim Brazelton's, December 24, 1863-8 p. m.

GENERAL: Our movement to-day proved a failure. The brigade was there; not exactly at Dandridge,but 6 miles above. If we had got in its rear and fallen upon it at daybreak, I think it would have been ours,but at 8 o'clock in the morning we found it entirely on the alert and moving upon us.

The force that got in the rear of Colonel Campbell's brigade, I am inclined to think, was Armstrong's division. One of the prisoners belonging to it says so, and a loyal citizen living on the Morristown and Dandridge road informed me that 2,000 or 3,000 rebel cavalry passed down that road this afternoon.

It was not until we acted in accordance with your order and got well out toward the intersection of the road running from Dandridge to Mossy Creek, 3 miles from Dandridge,that we learned of Colonel Campbell's condition. We then headed toward Dandridge, and were about to march there to relieve him by attacking the rear of the rebels, when a dispatch came from him stating that he had swung over into the by-road on which we were marching, and was immediately on our rear. He saved all his cannon except one piece. I am encamped at James Brazelton's 3 miles from New Market, on the Rocky Valley road, and am picketing this road and Hodge's Gap. Please inform me what there is in front, and what is on the move for to-morrow.

My camp was here last night, and I came here because my ambulances, wagons, dismounted men,&amp;c., were already, here.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General Elliott,

Commanding Cavalry.

No. 8.

Report of Lieutenant Samuel E. Miller, Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, of action at Hays' Ferry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Near Mossy Creek, January 1, 1864.

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions received this a. m., through Captain Sharp, Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, I have the honor to report that I was captured during the engagement near Dandridge on the 24th ultimo, and was taken to the rear beyond Holt's house, on Dandridge and Bend of Chucky road, 7 miles from Dandridge. I was detained there till evening of 25th,was then moved to Kimbro's Cross-Roads, and to Morristown on Saturday,26th.

I escaped on the night of the 26th from the guard, and reached our lines at Mossy Creek on the morning of 31st December.

From the best information I could obtain there was but one brigade

