
of infantry at Morristown. Longstreet, with the greater portion of the remainder of the infantry, was at Russellville, with headquarters at that place. There were no fortifications at Morristown. Armstrong's and Martin's cavalry commands were in the vicinity of Panther Springs and Widow Kimbrough's. I could not learn where Jones' cavalry was. There was no infantry on the Bend of Chucky road between Morristown and Cheek's Cross-Roads.

The rebels have taken all the axes from the citizens about Kimbrough's Cross-Roads, and reliable citizens informed me that the enemy were blockading the road between Morristown and Dandridge. I hear a great deal of chopping in the direction of that road on last Wednesday, December 30, the day after the fight at Mossy Creek. I was then on Bay's Mountain, within 2 miles of Widow Kimbrough's. At least one-third of the infantry that I saw were without shoes, and poorly clothed.

One pound of flour and three-Quarters pound meat was the ration issued to the prisoners. There were about 30 Federal prisoners at Morristown when I left. I could learn nothing of any movement toward Paint Rock. Longstreet's forces are estimated at from 25,000 to 30,000. My guards knew nothing of any re-enforcements having arrived lately.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL E. MILLER,

Second Lieutenant, Ninth Tennessee Cavalry.

Major-General PARKE.

I have reported to Brigadier-General Elliott.

DECEMBER 28, 1863.-Action at Calhoun and Skirmish at Charleston, Tennessee

REPORTS.

No. 1.- Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland, with complimentary letter to Colonel Eli Long.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 3.- Colonel Bernard Laiboldt, Second Missouri Infantry.

No. 1.

Report of Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Cumberland, with complimentary letter to Colonel Eli Long.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, December 29, 1863.

(Received 1.45 p. m., 30th.)

SIR: Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Division of Cavalry, reports from Calhoun, Tennessee, December 28, that the rebel General Wheeler, With 1,200 or 1,500 cavalry and mounted infantry, attacked Colonel Laiboldt, escorting a supply train from Chattanooga to Knoxville, about 10 this a. m., Charleston, on south bank of the Hiwassee. The train and escort had reached and encamped at Charleston last night, and Colonel Laiboldt's skirmishers were hotly engaged with the enemy this a. m., before Colonel Long was apprised of their approach. He immediately mounted the small

41 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

