
force for duty in his camp at the time (150 men) and crossed the river to Colonel Laibodt's support. The rebels shortly afterward gave way, Long pursuing them closely.

Discovering a portion of their force cut off on the right, he charged them with sabers, completely demoralizing and scattering them in great confusion in every direction. Several of the enemy (number not known) were killed and wounded. One hundred and twenty one prisoners, including 5 commissioned officers, were captured. The main rebel column fled, and was pursued for 5 miles, on the Dalton road, and, when last seen, was fleeing precipitately. Long's loss was 1 man slightly wounded. For this and many other gallant acts of Colonel Long, since serving in this department, I earnestly recommend him for promotion to brigadier-general of volunteers.

The officer in command of the courier station at Cleveland also reports that he was attacked early this morning, December 28,by a force of about 100 rebels. He drove them off.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-general.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, January 1, 1864.

Colonel ELI LONG,

Commanding Brigade, Calhoun:

COLONEL: Your report of your engagement with the enemy on the morning of the 28th was duly received. It was a very pretty affair indeed.

I have the honor to inform you that there are now en route to your station four pieces of artillery, escorted by two regiments of infantry. This artillery is intended as a re-enforcement to your post. The infantry will return to this place.

The battery was ordered to Calhoun before heard of your defeating Wheeler.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- The command will probably move from Harrison to-morrow morning. It is reported that Wheeler is at Georgetown preparing for an attack on Harrison.

Numbers 2.

Report of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY,Calhoun, Tennessee, December 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward,for the information of the major-general commanding the department, report of attack made this a. m. upon this place by the rebel General Wheeler. The

