
attack was made at about 10 o'clock by a force of from 1,200 to 1,500 cavalry and mounted infantry,led by General Wheeler in person. Brigadier-General Kelly, with his brigade, formed part of this force. Their object was evidently the capture of the supply train which arrived here last evening under charge of forces commanded by Colonel Laiboldt.

Colonel L[aiboldt] encamped on the Charleston side of the river, and his skirmishers were at work with the enemy before I was apprised of their approach. I immediately mounted the small command which remained in camp not on duty (about 150 men), moved across the brigade, and found the infantry pretty sharply engaged,the enemy occupying position in the woods. The latter shortly afterward gave way, and I them started rapidly after them. Discovering a small portion of their force now cut off on the right, Ordered a saber charge, and followed a retreating column of several hundred which had taken out the Chatata road, running up the Hiwassee.

Our rapid pursuit and vigorous use of the saber completely demoralized this force, which was thrown into great confusion, and scattered in every direction, their men throwing away large numbers of arms, accoutrements,&amp;c. Several of the enemy (number not known) were killed and wounded, and we remainder till I had arrived at a creek, which was scarcely fordable, and deemed it prudent to follow no farther. The main rebel column had fled out the Dalton road. I sent a small force out that road, who followed some 5 miles,and the enemy is still retreating toward Cleveland. My own loss is 1 man seriously wounded.

Since returning to my headquarters, I have received a dispatch from the officer commanding couriers at Cleveland. He was attacked early this morning by a force of about 100 men, and drove them off.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade.

Brigadier Gen. W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland.

Numbers 3.

Report of Colonel Bernard Laiboldt, Second Missouri Infantry.

CAMP NEAR CALHOUN,

December 28, 1863.

SIR: It affords me great pleasure to reports to you that I have given the rebel General Wheeler a sound thrashing this morning. I had succeeded, in spite of the most abominable roads, to reach Charleston on the night of the 27th; and this morning shortly after daylight I was moving my train across Hiwassee River Bridge when Wheeler's cavalry, reported 1,500 strong, with four guns (which, however,they had no time to bring into action),appeared in my rear. I placed the infantry in line of battle, then got my train over the bridge safely, and next asked Colonel Long to place a regiment of cavalry at my disposal. These arrangements made, I charged with the infantry in double-quick on the astonished rebels and routed them completely, when I ordered a cavalry charge to

