
and this was done in fine style under the supervision of Captain Glassford, the commanding officers. Some of them were seen to fall, but we did not ascertain that any were killed; they did no damage, though two on the boat were hit with spent balls. As the bluffs were so high and steep, and they could overlook our movements, I did not think anything could be effected by making pursuit, and did not land the sharpshooters.

The only country on the river now under the control of the guerrillas is Jackson, or that part of it south of the Cumberland, and Overton, as far east as the Obey's River; beyond that the country was reported loyal, and the people from the banks greeted us with unmistakable demonstrations ofjoy.

From various sources we ascertained that there were no coal-barges loaded with coal below the rapids at the mouth of the Big South Fork, and that barges could not come over them with safety except on very high water. Some is being mined and loaded above to come down on the spring floods, but as we could not see the coal men, more definite information can be obtained by a correspondence with them through Governor Bramlette, of Kentucky, who is said to be well acquainted in that region. There is also a large coal mine on Obey's River,some 50 miles from its mount, that is at least 150 miles nearer Nashville and much more accessible than that on the Upper Cumberland, as it frequently can be brought out of the Obey's on barges when they cannot come over the rapids at the mount of Big South Fork. The rebel authorities began working this mine just before their sudden departure from Nashville. That region is now in the possession of the guerrillas, and of course no preparation being made for shipping coal. If the general desires any more definite information concerning this coal mine,it can be had through Major Abram E. Ganet, First Tennessee (Union) Guards. He is now home, within 3 miles of the coal mine, and he is especially anxious for permission to move his present command, something over 200 men into that region, sanguine that he could make the navigation of the Cumberland perfectly safe in a few weeks. The guerrilla bands under Hamilton, Hughs, Ferguson, and Richardson number some 200 fighting men, and about twice that number for robbing raids.

As the river was falling rapidly we were compelled to turn back at Creelsborough. At Carthage I left 40 of the sharpshooters as guard for the unloaded boats; with the other 100,on the transport Emma Boyd, we started for this city on the morning of the 2nd instant, but had come only 3 miles from Carthage when,by the bursting of her pumps, the Emma Boyd was compelled to stop, and will have to be towed down by the other boats when unloaded. As this might detain them several days, and the general seems anxious to get information about affairs up the Cumberland, I deemed it most conducive to his wishes and the service to come on here at once, which I did in the gunboat Reindeer.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

A. J. CROPSEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel 129th Illinois Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

