
and a division of infantry and two batteries of artillery. We have checked him completely, I trust, but our loss is very severe. I think he is giving way now, and I hope to drive him before night. The engagement is general along the whole line, and the troops have behaved with great credit to themselves and their country. Colonels Wolford and Foster have not yet gotten up with their command. Will report particulars as soon as I can.

Yours, &amp;c.,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Mossy Creek,[December 29, 1863-3.45 p. m.

General PARKE:

My whole line is advancing handsomely and driving the enemy before it. Colonels Wolford and Foster have just returned from the reconnaissance to Dandridge, where they found no enemy. His whole force moved to our front last night, and to-day got damned badly whipped.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-All right.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Mossy Creek, December 29, 1863-6 p. m.

(Received-12.15 a. m., 30th.)

The enemy was driven back about 4 miles in great confusion, and our advance line is near Talbott's Station again. I did not deem it prudent to pursue farther than was necessary to inflict as great immediate injury as possible. Neither our own loss nor that of the enemy can be known yet. We have now in the hospital between 70 and 100 wounded. The brass guns with Colonel Mott's brigade are not suited to our present situation, either in character or otherwise, and I would ask that a battery of 3-inch rifled guns or 10 pounder Parrotts be sent to replace them. As infantry could as well be supplied at Dandridge as at Strawberry Plains, I would suggest that that place be occupied by a brigade or more of infantry. It would be a great saving of horses to us, whose horses are pretty well worn down, watching so large an extent of country, with a wily enemy ready at all times to take advantage of any division of our forces. I cannot think there is any of the rebel cavalry on the north side of the Holston, and would like to have Colonel Pennebaker's brigade here, if you think it can be spared from its present location.

Respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

General FOSTER.

P. S.-So far as heard from we have about 50 prisoners. There may have been more taken, and probably are, but no more have been reported as yet.

