HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, January 21, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALECK,

General-in-chief:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of the report of Brigadier General S. D. Sturgis, commanding Cavalry Corps, concerning the engagement near Mossy Creek, December 29, 1863.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Mossy Creek, Tennessee, January 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of Mossy Creek, December 29, 1863:

Having received information during the night of the 28th that a brigade of the enemy's cavalry had moved to Dandridge during the afternoon of that day and gone into camp there, I determined to take advantage of this division of the enemy's forces and endeavor to surprise and destroy that portion of it.

Accordingly I ordered Colonel Foster's division with four regiments of Colonel Wolford's division and mountain howitzers, to move toward Dandridge by the Mossy Creek road, and the remaining regiments of Colonel Wolford's division (picketing the gaps in Bay's Mountain) to move toward Dandridge by the road leading from New Market, so as to reach Dandridge by daylight on the 29th. Colonel La Grange's brigade and two 3-inch rifled guns moved at the dawn of day to the point where the Mossy Creek road to Dandridge crosses Bay's Mountain, for the purpose of watching the roads in the Dumpling Valley, and to be within easy supporting distance of the force remaining at Mossy Creek, or to go toward Dandridge should the enemy have massed his cavalry at either point during the night.

While these troops were being withdraw from our front (then advanced as far as Talbott's Station), Colonel Campbell, with the only remaining brigade of cavalry,was directed to occupy the entire line and fill up the gaps thus occasioned, and if attacked to fall back without much resistance to the line of Mossy Creek. Colonel Palmer's command (Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and one company of Tennessee mounted infantry), then guarding the right flank on the Chucky road, was also ordered back and posted on the right of the line selected for battle.

About 9 a. m. on the entire cavalry force of the enemy, about 6,000 strong, under Generals Martin, Armstrong, and Morgan, and which had formed a junction during the night at Panther Springs, advanced in line of battle, concentrating their efforts mainly against our left.

As soon as I ascertained the strength of the enemy I ordered the return of Colonel La Grange, and of Foster and Wolford also, should they find no enemy at Dandridge.

The enemy advanced steadily and handsomely over the open country beyond the creek,and Colonel Campbell as handsomely contested the while falling back to the position selected for the engagement.

