
In the meantime, I sent the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Infantry (Colonel Mott's brigade) unperceived by the enemy into the woods on the left of the Morristown road, and placed section of 12-pounder guns in position on the right of the road, with the Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry as a support. The Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry was placed on the roads as a reserve,and battalion of the Eightieth Indiana Infantry was sent to guard the Dyer's Ferry road.

The enemy now made a desperate charge on our left and left center for the purpose of securing a position which would enable him to command the crossing of the creek, but in this attempt signally failed, Colonel Campbell's brigade and three 3-inch rifled guns making sad havoc on his lines as they advanced over the open ground.

The infantry reserved its fire until the enemy came up within easy range, then delivered a deadly volley into his ranks, and,charging with the bayonet, drove him in confusion. Colonel Brownlow, on the extreme left of the line,charged with the saber,breaking the enemy's line and throwing him into disorder.

Meeting with nothing but disaster on our left, the enemy made but little effort against our right, and soon began to fall back.

About this time Colonel La Grange arrived on the field, and was sent forward on the right to harass the retreat. Colonel Campbell advanced on the Morristown road and through the fields on the left. The enemy, finding himself thus hotly pressed, formed in two columns and fell back rapidly to his re-enforcements at Panther Springs; but, darkness coming on, the pursuit was not pushed beyond Talbott's Station. The action lasted from 9 a. m. until dark; for several hours it was general, and at times the fighting was very severe.

For a more detailed account, and for the part taken by individuals, I respectfully refer you to the reports of Brigadier General W. L. Elliott,of Colonel McCook, commanding division, and to the reports of brigade commanders.

I may be permitted to say here that much of the success of the day is due to the zeal and energy of Brigadier W. L. Elliott.

I had the honor to forward to your office a day or two after the action a list of the names of the killed and wounded, and will there-fore only give the numbers here: Killed, 18 soldiers; wounded, 7 officers and 70 soldiers; total, 77. Missing, 5. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 100.*

The enemy's loss is variously estimated. General Elliott reckons it at 400 killed and wounded; others at from 250 to 300. The enemy admits the latter figure, and the citizens living on the road confirm this estimate. His loss, beyond question, was very large, as his men were much more exposed than ours throughout the whole day .

We took 44 prisoners, and gathered up 22 of his dead and buried them .

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General J. G. FOSTER:

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 651.

---------------

