HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Mossy Creek, January 1, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report our casualties in the engagement of the 29th ultimo, as follows:

Officers wounded, 7; enlisted men wounded, 66; enlisted men killed, 18; enlisted men missing, 5. Total, 96.*

The loss of the enemy, from carefully collected data from rebel citizens, deserters, and our own officers,was between 300 and 400, and this disparity in casualties is easily accounted for, since the enemy advanced over open ground, where he was literally mowed down, while our troops were, in a great measure, sheltered. The citizens living on the road-rebels, too-report that twenty wagons and ambulances were constantly running to and from the field, and (to use their own expression) the killed and wounded were piled in like hogs. We have buried some 20 of their dead ourselves, and have some of their wounded in hospital.

In the engagement at Dandridge on the 27th ultimo, our loss was as follows:

Officers wounded, 6; officer killed, 1; enlisted men wounded, 29; enlisted men killed, 6; enlisted men missing, 13. Total, 55.

Deserters report that the officers of the enemy estimate their loss in that engagement at 200.

I will send list of names of killed and wounded as soon as it can be made up.

Respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Mossy Creek, Tennessee, December 29, 1863.

The commanding general takes pleasure in congratulating the troops of this command upon the eminent and complete victory they have thus achieved against the combined forces of Generals Martin, Armstrong, and Wheeler.

We must not forget, however, that our success was achieved through the loss of many of our brave comrades in arms, whose names will occupy for all coming time a bright and enviable place in the history of our country. At the proper time it will be the pleasant duty of the commanding general to call the attention of the commander of the department to individual cases of meritorious conduct.

By order of Brigadier-General Sturgis:

W. C. RAWOLLE,

Captain, A. D. C., and A. A. A. G.

---------------

* But see revised statement, p. 651.

---------------

