
Numbers 3.

Report of Brigadier General Washington L. Elliott, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Corps, Department of the Cumberland.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp near Talbott's Station, Tennessee, December 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the 29th near Mossy Creek:

According to instructions the Second Brigade, Colonel La Grange commanding, was detachment before daylight, leaving the front of the camp,covered by the First Brigade, Colonel A. P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding, of First Division, Company E. M. McCook, Second Indiana Cavalry, commanding, with orders to fullback without much resistance from the vicinity of Talbott's Station, skirmishing with the superior force of the enemy, consisting of two divisions of cavalry, three brigades each, commanded by Brigadier-Generals Armstrong and J. T. Morgan, with two batteries of artillery, twelve pieces, the whole commanded by Major-General Martin. This information I received from a rebel officer taken prisoner during the action.

Three pieces of Lilly's (Eighteenth Indiana) battery were poster on a hill on the south side of the Morristown road, supported by the First Brigade, First Division of Cavalry.

Colonel W. J. Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with detachments from Tenth Ohio Cavalry and First Tennessee Mounted Infantry, in all, about 250 men, was directed to fall back from his camp on mount of Chucky road to Mossy Creek. About 11 a. m. the advanced in line of battle dismounted, his line extending from mount of Chucky road, crossing Morristown road, to a road leading from east side of Mossy Creek to Dyer's Ferry. The length of this line I estimated at 2 miles. A section of the Elgin (Fifth Illinois) battery and the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, from Mott's brigade, were placed under my orders by General Sturgis; the former was posted on the mouth of Chucky road, the latter as support for the three pieces of Lilly's battery, and on its left coverer by dense timber. I was instructed to hold my position and informed that the Second Brigade, First Division, with a section of Lilly's battery, Colonel La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry,commanding, detachment to support the cavalry of the Army of the Ohio, ordered to the vicinity of the Dandridge and Bend of Chucky road, had been ordered and would soon return to mossy Creek.

The enemy massed troops on his left (my right), evidently with the intention of charging the section of the Elgin battery posted on the right. Finding the section so badly served I directed part of the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, not to exceed 100 men, to take post on the right and front of this section for its support, in addition to the detachments of Colonel Palmer's already posted there; at the same time sent to inform General Sturgis of the condition of the right, and requested another regiment of infantry. The Sixteenth Kentucky Infantry was sent me, and placed under cover on the right flank to support the section of the Elgin battery.

The enemy was repulsed in his attack upon our right, and in his attack upon Lilly's battery in the center, his batteries at the same time showering upon both of our batteries shot and shell. He then attacked our left, and was there also repulsed. The Second Brigade,

