
engaged. At this time the enemy were before us in force far exceeding our own, and by reason of their superior force had pressed us at every point. In our center was an uncovered space of a quarter of a mile, when the arrival of my Second Brigade, which had marched 4 1/2 miles in less that three-quarters of an hour, enable us to take the offensive, and, immediately advancing my entire line, the enemy were driven steadily and rapidly before us, with great loss, until we reached our position of the 28th instant,near Talbott's Station, the Second Brigade advancing on the right of the Morristown road, and the First Brigade on the left. The advance of the latter was impeded by the difficult nature of the ground, and many of the enemy escaped capture from this circumstance.

The enemy stubbornly resisted our advance, and attempted, with his greater numbers, to hold the several wooded position from which they were successively driven by the continual steady pressing forward of Colonel La Grange's column. Darkness prevented farther pursuit, and the division occupied its encampment of the 28th instant.

Our casualties are as follows:

Command.	 Killed	 Wounde	 Missin	 Total.

 .	 d.	 g.

First Brigade, Colonel Campbell	 --	 3	 --	 --

commanding:

Commissioned officers

Enlisted men	 6	 23	 8	 40

Second Brigade, Colonel La Grange	 --	 1	 --	 --

commanding:

Commissioned officers

Enlisted men	 3	 11	 --	 15

18th Indiana Battery, Captain Lilly	 --	 1	 --	 --

commanding:

Commissioned officers

Enlisted men	 2	 7	 --	 10

Total commissioned officers	 --	 5	 --	 --

Total enlisted men	 11	 41	 8	 65

Seven horses were killed in Lilly's battery,and a large number in the regiments, but not reported.

We captured 38 prisoners, including 2 officers. Several of the enemy's dead were found on the field, and citizens report that more that twenty wagon-loads of the enemy's dead and wounded were carried to the rear. I do not believe that their loss in killed, wounded, and captured can be less that 250.

In this engagement all the officers and men of my command did all their duty, and did it nobly, but I cannot refrain from calling the attention of the general commanding to the ability and gallantry with which Captain Lilly's (Eighteenth Indiana) battery was served upon this occasion. For nearly three hours, exposed to a murderous fire, he fought the rebel batteries and repelled the successive charges made upon him. To his skill and firm courage, and to that of his men, much of the final success of they is due.

To Colonel Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, great credit is due for the able manner with which he fought his brigade. Though falling back in obedience to orders,from vastly superior numbers, his brigade repeatedly and severely punished a too venturesome foe.

Colonel La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry,commanding Second Brigade, whose timely arrival and spirited advance turned the tide

