
of battle, and enabled us to pursue a foe still outnumbering us, has, with the officers and men of his brigade my especial thanks.

The One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, upon my left, materially aided in repulsing the charges made by the enemy and behaved with great gallantry.

The gallant First East Tennessee cavalry and their brave young commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Brownlow, added new laurels to their brilliant reputation by the splendid saber charge they made. The Seventh Kentucky and Fourth Indiana Cavalry, on the extreme right, fought with the steadiness of veterans, driving superior numbers of the enemy from every position they attempted to hold. The First Wisconsin, Second Michigan, Second Indiana, and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry Regiments nobly sustained their old reputation. The fact that so small a force drove two divisions of the enemy from the field makes me feel renewed pride and confidence in the efficiency and gallantry of my division.

Among the other brave men, whose loss we are called upon to mourn,are Captain Cannon and Lieutenant Cox, First East Tennessee Cavalry, who fell leading a charge at the head of their soldiers.

To Captain Pratt, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Porter, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain Hancock, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, provost-marshal; Captain Mitchell, Second Indiana Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Gannett, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, ordnance officer; Lieutenant Miller, Third Ohio Cavalry, assistant commissary of muster; Lieutenant Cunningham, Fourth Indiana Cavalry,commanding escort, members of the division staff, I am much indebted for the assistance rendered me on the field.

I desire to mention the services rendered by Surgeon Robins, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and division medical director, who was indefatigable in his efforts to care for our wounded, and those of the enemy remaining on our hands.

I inclose herewith copies of reports of brigade and battery commanders received since making this report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. L. SHAW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5.

Report of Colonel Archibald P. Campbell, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST. BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,Two Miles from Mossy Creek, December 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the engagement of the First Brigade, First Division Cavalry, near Mossy Creek, Yesterday, December 29:

My two regiments, the Second Michigan Cavalry and First Tennessee Cavalry, were encamped, one on each side the Morristown

