
road, 3 miles from Mossy Creek. The Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry was ordered 2 miles back to support Eighteenth Indiana Battery on same road; at 10 a. m. the enemy advanced in line along my whole front rapidly, and in obedience to orders previously received to fall back if attacked, I formed my two regiments in line with two battalions Second Michigan, dismounted, and retired slowly. The enemy pressed forward,showing several lines of battle formed and advancing, and he attempted to flank my command both to the right and left. My skirmishers kept up a brisk fire, as also did the enemy's artillery, at easy range on my line, at one time firing four guns rapidly.

Arriving at the large brick house 1 mile from Mossy Creek I was compelled to fight, and ordered the Second Michigan dismounted men under cover until the enemy's line advanced to within 20 yards,firing as they came, my flanks both giving ground before them. At this time the two battalions under cover opened upon the enemy a withering fire at within short range and checked his advance, with severe loss on both sides.

I then ordered the First Tennessee Cavalry to charge the enemy on the right of the brick house, and drove their center back and halted their whole line. I them ordered First Tennessee and Second Michigan Cavalry into the woods to the left of the road, while the artillery opened fire.

The enemy now marched around to my left, and I placed the First Tennessee Cavalry on the hill to the left of Mossy Creek, and the Second Michigan, dismounted, to the left of One hundredth and eighteenth Ohio Infantry (the colonel of which regiment reporting to me for orders), formed in the woods in line, and awaited the enemy's attack. Severe firing soon commenced along the front, and enemy's line in check and ordered the Second Michigan, dismounted, and First Tennessee, mounted, to charge through the woods, which they did with a yell, repulsing and driving the enemy from the woods with heavy loss in killed and wounded and 25 prisoners in our hands. Several of my command were killed and wounded, including 2 officers of First Tennessee Cavalry mortally wounded. I ordered two guns of Eighteenth Indiana Battery to open fire after the men were rallied from the charge and shelled the woods, and no further demonstrations were made.

Seeing the battery on the Morristown road the troops on the right of the road moving forward, I ordered my command forward on the left of the road, and soon received orders from General Elliott to move forward rapidly, which I did without resistance from any force.

The Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry supported the battery, and repulsed a charge from the enemy. My loss in killed, wounded, and missing is 40. A list has been forwarded. I have captured 35 prisoners, including 2 officers.

Very respectfully submitted.

Your most obedient servant,

A. P. CAMPBELL.

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

42 R. R.-VOL XXXI, PT I

