
Numbers 6.

Report of Colonel Thomas J. Jordan, Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,Camp near Mossy Creek, Tennessee, December 30, 1863.

SIR: I report that the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, yesterday, took part in the battle of Mossy Creek Station, Tennessee First Brigade, First Division, Army of the Cumberland, under the command of Colonel A. P. Campbell, was attacked about 10 a. m. and, after skirmishing with the enemy, gradually fell back toward the station. About 9 a. m. by ordered of Colonel Campbell, my regiment, with the exception of one battalion, which was on picked, left camp to support the the artillery, on the part of the enemy, appeared. The force of the enemy largely outnumbered those on our side, and as we fell back, occupied the position we had left.

The battery of Captain Lilly opened upon the enemy with such effect that their advance was checked for a time. But soon a heavy line appeared upon our right, and by order of Colonel McCook, commanding division, my command was moved from near the Lilly battery to the right and rear, to support a section of the Elgin battery, and repel the enemy from that quarter.

By this time my command had been reduced from seven to fire companies by sending detachments to the extreme right and left to cover roads upon our flanks. Soon after taking my new position the enemy made a charge upon the right, and having no other troops to employ, I left my position near the guns and charged the enemy, driving him back. At this moment the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry came to my assistance, and the enemy was held in check till the arrival of re-enforcements, about 4 p. m., when I was again ordered to support the Elgin battery, and at once reported to Colonel A. P. Campbell, when my regiment was ordered into camp.

My loss had 12 horses killed during the action.

I am, very truly,

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Lieutenant E. HOYT, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General

No. 7.

Reports of Colonel Oscar H. La Grange, First Wisconsin Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Talbott's House, Tennessee, December 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from division headquarters, the Second Brigade moved at 5 a. m. on the 29th to Mossy Creek, reporting to General Sturgis, and receiving an order for two pieces of the Eighteenth Indiana Battery to accompany the brigade to a suitable position near the gap in. Bay's Mountain and support a movement on the Dandridge road. A suitable position was taken near Lockhart's house, 5 miles from Mossy Creek, where the brigade remained until 1.30 p. m., when an order was received

