
This position was on the extreme right of our line, and was one of great importance, as it commanded the single bridge and ford over Mossy Creek and the west side of the creek for a long distance. In its defence I lost my acting adjutant, Lieutenant Harvey S. Lingle,who was mortally wounded by a shot through the lungs, and 11 enlisted men who were wounded, most of them severely, but none fatally. Of these 1 officer and 5 enlisted men belonged to the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 4 enlisted men to the Tenth Ohio Cavalry, and 2 enlisted men to the First Tennessee.

The enemy retired on seeing our re-enforcements come in on the Dandridge and Mossy Creek road, when I moved my command forward on the right of Colonel La Grange's mounted force and behind his skirmishers, and pursued the enemy to Talbott's Station, when darkness came on and the pursuit was stopped by order. If we had had two hours more daylight I think the rebels would have suffered severely in this pursuit.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. L. SHAW,

Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Inclosure.]

List of Casualties in Colonel William J. Palmer's command, composed of detachments of Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Tenth Ohio Cavalry, and First East Tennessee Mounted Infantry.

Killed.

Command.	 Office	 Men.	 Wounde	 Missin	 Total.

 rs.	 	 d.	 g.

15th Pennsylvania Cavalry	 a1	 ---	 5	 ---	 6

10th Ohio Cavalry	 ---	 ---	 4	 1	 5

1st East Tennessee Mounted	 ---	 ---	 1 	 ---	 1

Infantry

Total	 1	 ---	 10	 1	 12

a Lieutenant H. S. Lingle, 15th Pennsylvania Cavalry.

No. 9.

Report of Captain Eli Lilly, Eighteenth Indiana Battery.
HDQRS. 18TH INDIANA BATTY., ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Near Talbott's Station, tenn., December 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to submit report of the part taken by my battery in the action at Mossy Creek and the advance to this place on yesterday, December 29, 1863:

At 2 a. m. I received orders to take position at daybreak on a slight eminence half a mile east of the bridge at Mossy Creek Station with my entire battery of five 3-inch rifled guns, covering the open ground in front. Subsequently a section was detached and ordered to report to Colonel La Grange, commanding Second Brigade Cavalry, for a movement toward Dandridge, and the position was taken with but three guns. The enemy moved in very heavy force on our front a few moments before 11 a. m., and opened a severe artillery fire on

