
us from four pieces, not, however, till I had developed my position by shelling their advancing lines. I immediately replied, and after a sharp duel of an hour they brought three more pieces to bear upon me, at the same time pressing forward their lines. I now refused to reply to their artillery, save with an occasional shot, but worked with energy on their lines of dismounted cavalry and infantry, which energy on their lines of dismounted cavalry and infantry, which were in good canister range. They were held in check nearly an hour, when, by a vigorous movement, they placed me under a strong fire of small-arms by advancing to a hill, covered with standing corn, on my right. From here they were twice driven with canister, when, simultaneous to gaining it the third time, a strong line was observed moving directly on my front not more than 150 yards distant.

By this time my cannoneers were almost completely exhausted by constant labor at the guns on very miry ground, for nearly three hours, my loss being 20 per cent. of force, and consequently having to work the pieces with greatly diminished numbers. By a desperate effort, however the guns were once more advanced to the crest and discharged in the face of the enemy, now nearly on us; but from the recoil of this fire my men had not the strength to advance their pieces, though every effort was made to do so, and I ordered the battery to retire, intending to take position on the only rise between this and the creek, but received orders to occupy the high hill north of Mossy Creek, from which point we threw a few shell as occasion required. On the final advance, later in the day, this part of my command moved with the First Brigade Cavalry, though not further engaged.

The section which had reported to Colonel La Grange in the morning now returned, and was put to work on the right of the Chucky Bend road, covering the advance of the Second Brigade Cavalry, from which place it was moved forward as the brigade advanced,firing from eight positions, the last being half a mile from Talbott's Station, When, night coming on, operations were suspended.

It is impossible to make special mention of any one where all did their whole duty.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

ELI LILLY,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain JOHN PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10.

Report of Colonel Samuel R. Mott, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Twenty-third Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Mossy Creek, tenn., december 31, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the battle near this place on the 29th instant:

The regiments composing my brigade were, by your command,stationed

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 enlisted men killed; and 1 officers and 7 enlisted men wounded. Seven horses were killed and 512 rounds ammunition were expended.

---------------

