
as follows: The One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on the road leading to Talbott's Station on the left; the Sixteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry on the right, to support two guns of the Elgin battery; the Twenty-fifth Michigan Infantry on the road, and the Eightieth Indiana Volunteer Infantry on the Dandridge and Dyer's Ferry roads.

The positions occupied by the One hundred and eighteenth Ohio and Sixteenth Kentucky proved to be very important ones. They were exposed to the fire of the enemy for two and one-half hours, and gallantly maintained their position. The One hundred and eighteenth charged the enemy with the bayonet, and drove them from the field. The conduct of both officers and men was never surpassed, I think, on any battle-field.

The casualties were as follows: Killed, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio 5, and Sixteenth Kentucky 1; wounded, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio 2 mortally and 32 slightly, and Sixteenth Kentucky 2 slightly.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. R. MOTT,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade. Second Division.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas L. Young, One hundred and eighteenth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 118TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY,Mossy Creek, Tennessee, December 30, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with your request, I have the honor to make the following statement of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of Mossy Creek, Fought on yesterday, the 29th instant:

At about 11.30 a. m. I was ordered to take my regiment to a strip of woods to the left of, and flanking, the dirt and rail roads about a mile in front of our rifle-pits. We took our position in a very short time, having, having marched at a double-quick nearly all day. As soon as we reached the corn-field in rear of our position the enemy opened a fire of shell and iron slugs upon us, wounding 1 man of Company H.

This fire was kept up incessantly during the whole engagement. About ten minutes after getting to our position (about 20 feet in rear of the front edge of the woods) we engaged a rebel brigade of dismounted cavalry, which had gained a good position in our front,on our right covered by the brow of a hill, on our center covered by a bluff bank and fence running along the edge corn-field, on our left covered by a hill running through the corn-field in general direction with the dirt road, all points from 100 to 250 yards distant.

In this way we fought about one hour, doing considerable execution, especially on our left, where the enemy was more exposed. The enemy then changed position by massing on our left, which he did in the best order I ever witnessed, considering the steady fire we were pouring in upon him.

