
securely upon our banners, and the regiment marched, wearied but triumphant, back to camp, were we arrived at 9.30 p. m. We had present in the fight 24 commissioned officers and 415 enlisted men. Of our conduct as a regiment it would not become me to speak, except to say that I will cheerfully risk my life with it as long as I shall have the honor to fight with it in our glorious cause. Of acts of individual heroism displayed by officers and men I dare not speak, as it would include two-thirds of the whole regiment; but it will not be considered invidious to the rest to mention especially the gallantry of Second Lieutenant Josephus S. Parker, upon whom devolved the command of Company B after the gallant Captain Kraner fell; also Sergt. Major George M. Thompson and Adjt. James M. Russell.

During the fight we fired over 5,000 rounds of cartridges. The enemy's loss in our front I would estimate at 350 killed, wounded,and prisoners, including 1 captain (shot dead by Sergeant Roberts, Company B), and 1 lieutenant.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

THOS. L. YOUNG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant GEORGE H. TAYLOR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 29-30, 1863.-Scout to Bean's Station, Tennessee

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Major General John G. Parke, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Captain John R. Robinson, Twenty-seventh Kentucky Infantry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Major General John G. Parke, U. S. Army.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, Tennessee,

December 31, 1863.

GENERAL: I have just received reports of reconnaissance up the Rutledge road. The party went 4 1/2 miles beyond Bean's Station. Here they found a rebel hospital with a number of wounded, too badly hurt to be moved. They took 4 prisoners- part of the hospital attendants. They learned that Jones' command was at Mooresburg, and Vaughn's, 2 miles in the rear of Mooresburg. The enemy's pickets were about a mile beyond, as reported by citizens. Citizens reported that the main body of the enemy was at Rogersville and Morristown, but could not specify what troops were at these points. The party that went up the river road met a small party of rebels at Turley's Mill, and were fired upon by parties from the south side of the Holston, all important points of which are guarded from Turley's Mill up to Noe's or Marshall Ferry, where, it is reported, the enemy has one regiment, with artillery, and rifle-pits. Such is the report of the officers in charge of reconnaissance. On the other flank it is reported that the enemy has again sent cavalry to Dandridge, and are foraging on south side of French Broad.

