
that such assistance has not been afforded you in your operations, and I think you will have no cause of complaint in your present captain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in -Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee,

October 20, 1863-1 a. m.

Major-General GRANT:

If the wagons now on the road arrive safe we are all right till November 1, at least.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Numbers 1. Louisville, October 20, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, and

Major-General THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Major General W. S. Rosecrans having been relieved from the command of the Department of the Cumberland, by direction of the President of the United States, per General Orders, Numbers 337, of October 16, 1863, Major- General Thomas is hereby assigned to the command, and will at once assume its duties. General Rosecrans will turn over all books, papers, maps, and other property pertaining to the command to Major-General Thomas. All staff officers, except the aides-de-camp authorized by law, now on duty with General Rosecrans, will report to General Thomas for assignment as soon as relieved. General Rosecrans will proceed to Cincinnati, Ohio, and report to the Adjutant-General of the Army, by letter, for orders.

By order of Major-General Grant:

ELY S. PARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 243. Chattanooga, Tennessee, October 20, 1863.

IN obedience to the orders of the President of the United States, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Department and Army of the Cumberland.

In assuming the control of this army, so long and ably commanded by Major-General Rosecrans, the undersigned confidently relies upon the hearty co-operation of every officer and Army of the Cumberland to enable him to perform the arduous duties devolved upon him .

The officers on duty on the various departments of the staff at these headquarters will continue in their respective places.

All orders heretofore published for the government of this army will remain in force until further orders.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

