
one point. He estimate the number at about that of a division. No artillery with them. Battery No. 5 opened upon them. Could see them as they passed the different openings until they entered the woods at a point he judges to be opposite General Rousseau's command. This was at about 12 m.

Respectfully,

W. E. SHERIDAN,

Captain, and Acting Signal Officer.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,Rowden's House, October 29, 1863-7.25 p.m.

Maj. General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Two brigades of Schurz's division are now here, one having reported at 7 o'clock. I have placed it in position. Have received 11,000 rounds of ammunition from General Howard. Will send for more to the place where General Tyndale is located. My rear toward Whiteside's is open. I am looking for two of my regiments and the other section of my battery, which are reported near with the supply train. I will send out scouts down Lookout Creek Valley. Cavalry would be very useful.

I have the honor to be,general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

OCTOBER 29, 1863-7.50 p.m.

General THOMAS:

Rebel troops were moving about northeast. They were twenty-seven minutes in passing a given point.

WOOD,

Lieutenant, and Acting Signal Officer.

BRIDGEPORT, October 30, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

The Paint Rock left Brown's Ferry at 6.30 o'clock this morning; arrived here at twenty minutes to 12. She came down nicely. In rounding Lookout Point last night she was fired into, doing no serious damage. A hole was made in one of the steam pipes, which will be repaired, calked. Also loaded with provisions and started back for Brown's Ferry. She will tow scows to Kelley's Ferry. The crabs at the Suck for hauling over are still there, and apparently in good order. They ought to be guarded at once, as the boat cannot get up without them, and one of the prisoners on the boat said the rebels were going to destroy [them]. A force should be in the vicinity of the Suck, the Pot and Pan, to prevent small boats of the enemy from keeping the boats back.

HENRY C. HODGES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Chief Quartermaster.

