
CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, October 20, 1863.

(Received 10.30 a. m., 25th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

To man the defenses of Chattanooga properly will require an entire regiment of artillery. Can authority be given to recruit a regiment of veteran volunteer artillery? If so, I ask that Major Mendenhall, Fourth Artillery, be authorized to recruit such a regiment.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, Tennessee,

October 20, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Chattanooga:

I will leave here on the morning, and push through to Chattanooga as soon as possible. Should not large working parties be put upon the road between Bridgeport and Chattanooga at once? General Meigs suggest this, and also that depots of forage be established on each side of the mountain.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 20, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I regret to have to inform you that General Rosecrans was relieved from duty with this army yesterday, and that I have been placed in command.

The departments of the Ohio, Cumberland, and Tennessee, have been thrown into one grand division, to be called the Division of the Mississippi, and placed under the command of General Grant, we commanding our armies under him. General Grant Will be here in a few days. Cannot you come down to meet him?

Colonel Clift will explain to you my situation and prospects, and thanking you for sending him down, I hope you will send him again until we can get more rapid communication by telegraph. If not molested within a week I will try t o have a telegraph line put up to Kingston.

Our cavalry have gained considerable advantage over the enemy's cavalry during their late raids against the railroads.

The enemy's loss, five pieces artillery, over 2,000 killed, wounded, and prisoners.

Yours, truly,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL, Decherd:

Information received from Columbia says 2 deserters from Lee's command came in there to-day. Say that Lee, with two brigades

