
commanding the condition of the railroad bridges over Paint Rock and Flint Rivers, and suggested to him that a detachment from the regiment of Michigan Engineers be at once sent to put them in proper repair. The general thanks you for the willingness you evidence to perform this service, but if possible, he desires that it may be executed by that arm of the service to which it more appropriately belongs. The general does not consider you as having been assigned to his command, except inn the special cases in which he has acted, but you may be assured that it will afford him great pleasure to promote your interest and of that of your command whenever it is in his power to do so. You shall have your share of the remounts, if the distribution is in any way referred to him. The news of General Lee's whereabouts is very important at this time. Roddey crossed the river by boats, and from this until spring, from the best information, we have nothing to apprehend from the fords on the river below Bridgeport. The river is now several feet higher than before the rain.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,Tullahoma, October 20, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I inclose for the information of the major-general commanding corps a communications* from Colonel Coburn, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Reserve Corps. Colonel Coburn's headquarters are at this post. It will be seen that his own regiment (Thirty-third Indiana) is greatly scattered. I beg to suggest that it would be better to concentrate this regiment at Christiana and thus relieve a regiment of Ruger's brigade for duty this way.

I don't see how I can spare a company of Fifth Connecticut (now at Cowan and Cumberland Tunnel) to relieve the company at Tracy City. The five companies of One hundred and second Ohio which were at Cowan have been relieved and are now on the march for Nashville. I have ordered four companies of Forty-sixth Pennsylvania to relieve the other five companies of this regiment at Elk River. This leaves a very inadequate force at Decherd and at Cowan and the Tunnel. If Ruger can get two regiments toward Murfreesborough relieved so as to occupy Elk River with one I could strengthen the two post at Decherd and Covan, and relieve the company of Thirty-third Indiana at Tracy City. There are two sections of artillery here, claimed by Colonel Coburn as part of his brigade. They should by all means be kept here, and there should be a section at Decherd.

I don't see how the regiment of Coburn's brigade at River can be safely sent away, unless it be to relieve a regiment of Ruger's brigade on the northern end of the line, and thus enable him to replace the guard at Duck River. I think it far better to put the regiments of same brigade at consecutive posts, and therefore beg to suggest that Coburn's two regiments-Thirty-third Indiana and the one now at Duck River-be sent to South Fork, Christiana, Foster-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

