
ville, and Bell Buckle, and that Ruger's be brought this way to occupy contiguous posts. This would put Coburn's brigade at Murfreesborough, Christiana, and Bell Buckle with one regiment at McMinnville.

The line in this way would be relieved of mixed commands at the same post and of foreign regiments interposed between regiments of one of my brigades. As Coburn's command is ordered to Murfrees-borough, I suppose it comes within your authority.

I beg leave also to call the attention of General Slocum to Colonel Coburn's report* on the condition of the McMinnville railroad. It seems in contemplation to open this road, as the telegraph line is being repaired and the burned bridge rebuilt. There are several important bridges on the road without guards. I cannot possibly furnish guards without a most injudicious weakening of my own posts. At Colonel Coburn has already a regiment at McMinnville, would it not be better that one other of his four regiments be sent to the other bridges of that road?

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

MEMPHIS, Tennessee, October 20, 1863-3 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m., 22nd.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Sherman will have two division at or near Tuscumbia to-day. The Tennessee is rising; ford are bad, and growing worse. I have telegraphed General Allen to-day for a steam ferry-boat to go up the Tennessee. There are 3 feet of water. Chalmers and Richardson are said to be re-enforced, but it is doubtful. My cavalry is well out to the front. The danger to this line will be from Forrest and Lee, when driven out of Middle Tennessee. Their attack may be serious with my thin lines.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, Tennessee,

October 20, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

A. A. G., Dept. of the Tennessee, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have this moment learned that Loring is up at Okolona with his division. The cavalry from below are uniting with Chalmers and Richardson. They aim for our railroad and to prevent re-enforcements. We are ready, but if attacked will lose some small posts. There are not less than 15,000, all told and of all arms threatening the road.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

43 R. R.-VOL XXXI, PT I

