HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cherokee, Ala., October 20, 1863.

Major General FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.:

GENERAL: I received reliable information that no force of any consequence is at Tuscumbia. Wheeler's and Lee's cavalry, said to be 10,000, are between Town Creek and Decatur. I will therefore push on to make Tuscumbia before these troops can be brought up. Tennessee River rose 8 feet within the last two days. There are at least 9 to 10 feet water on the shoals at Florence; of course no fording. From Barton's east the railroad is very effectually destroyed. At least one-third of all the rails and ties are burnt, and heavy columns of smoke beyond Cane Creek show that the work of destruction is still going on.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Iuka, October 20, 1863.

Maj. General FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

In the Advance:

DEAR GENERAL: I am informed through a confidential person from the front that all of Wheeler's, Lee's and Forrest's cavalry have come out of Tennessee, and are now between Tuscumbia and Decatur, with their advance at Cane Creek. If this is so, we have already drawn from Rosecrans' communications this disturbance of his game . Their aggregate force might trouble you, if you are not well in hand, and if you see signs to confirm this report, you will keep your command well massed, and not pass Cane Creek till I come up.

John E. Smith will come to Bear Creek to-morrow, and will send forward to communicate with you. The telegraph should also be pushed up to Dickson's. With so heavy a force of cavalry to swing round on our flank, I don't want to stretch out too long at present. There upon I modify my former order, for you to make a strong position near Cherokee, and keep your cavalry posted well up toward Barton's and Cane Creek, with a watchful eye to your right flank. Corse has gone down to Eastport and Chickasaw, and I believe Admiral Porter will send boats up the Tennessee River when we directly come from the railroad. In time we will disturb the rear of that cavalry, but now I don't want them to catch us much divided and unprepared.

I am &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Iuka, October 20, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

I have all my ammunition here. All my troops are up, and I have stores enough for fifteen days. One regiment is at Eastport examining ford and collecting boats. Two divisions, under Blair, crossed

