
Bear Creek to-day, and will be near Tuscumbia to-morrow. I hold one division beyond Bear Creek and one hare till I can finish up the railroad, which is very badly broken at Bear Creek and beyond. As soon as Fuller's brigade is near I will move on with my whole force. I have laid out a fort, and will work a brigade on it for a day or so,leaving Fuller to finish. I attach importance to this point, and will leave my sick and incumbrances here. I was down to Bear Creek to-day,and the break is a very bad one, and will take five days to repair. Send my letters by this route until further notice. Telegraph the substance of this to Generals Grant and Halleck.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CORINTH, October 20.

Major-general HURLBUT,

Memphis:

Scout in from Waynesborough, Tennessee Wheeler, Forrest, Roddey,and Kirk [?] left Pulaski last week, going toward Bainbdridge Ferry and Florence. Part of Roddey's force going to the crossings below Florence. Wheeler moved his forces above Florence, and claims to have 8,000 men. Lee had not then arrived.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-general.

OCTOBER 20, 1863.

General DODGE, Corinth, and

General HURLBUT, Memphis:

I have a message from Mr. Goodloe that all of Wheeler's Lee's, and Forrest's cavalry have come out of Tennessee, and are now between Tuscumbia and Decatur. I have been to Bear Creek, and the break there is very bad. I want to know about Fuller's brigade, where it is, and when expected. The Tennessee is quite full and the fords are impracticable up to the shoals above Tuscumbia.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CORINTH, October 20.

Major-general SHERMAN,

Iuka:

Your information checks with that from north sided of river. They

probably crossed at Bainbridge. Scout in from south. No force at Mobile, Meridian, Okolona, or Tupelo. All gone to Bragg. Seven hundred men left Fulton on Thursday last going to Chalmers and same number went to Lee via Russellville. Southern papers of 10th say Bragg draws rations for 180,000 men. This is quoted in all papers, and is evidently put out for effect. Jeff. Davis passed through Atlanta ten days ago on way to Bragg's army. Papers also say Ewell's corps is on way to Bragg. Fuller was at Collierville yesterday on way up. I will occupy road by time you want to leave.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

