
CORINTH, October 20.

Major-general SHERMAN, Iuka:

Scout came in from Waynesborough, Tennessee Wheeler, Forrest, Roddey, and Kirk [?] left Pulaski last week, going toward Bainbridge Ferry and Florence. Rest of force went above. Wheeler claimed to have 8,000 men. Lee was not with him.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to Hurlbut.)

CORINT, October 20.

Major-General SHERMAN, Iuka:

Scout send in word from east side of river that Wheeler is at Bainbridge Ferry with Bragg's cavalry. Reported to have 8,000 men. Scout has gone up there and sends this back as the common report on that side; says that there is a considerable cavalry force watching all the Tennessee roads and ferries.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, October 20, 1863.

Brigadier General GREENVILLE M. DODGE,

Corinth, Miss.:

I think Chalmers has been re-enforced somewhat and very probably may feel strong enough to try Collierville, La Fayette, or some minor station. Moscow, La Grange, Pocahontas, and Corinth should be points of concentration. If Collierville is attacked in heavy force the garrison should drop back to Germantown and thence to Memphis, if absolutely necessary. In case of an attack, infantry should move immediately from La Grange to Mount Pleasant. I have no force here to spare. Trains, &amp;c., should be kept at Corinth and La Grange.

Chalmers is reported in camp 5 miles north of Wyatt. Fuller must move on to-morrow and come under your orders beyond Corinth.

Loring Has either joined Bragg or will be found by Sherman before ha gets to Decatur.

It would be a splendid time Moyers to take 1,000 men and go to Okolona were it not for Chalmers below us.

Send some man to Holly Springs to his camp and learn the facts.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, October 20, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

I have news from south direct. No troops have left line of Mobile and Ohio Railroad to re-enforce Chalmers. All the troops at Mobile,except provost guard, gone to Bragg. There are no troops at Okolona; have all gone to Roddey, at Chickasaw. Most of Lee's army are with Bragg; rest of Longstreet's corps have gone up.

