
Southern papers of October 10 state that Bragg draws rations for 180,000 men; the way it is stated shows it is put out for some purpose. Ferguson's and Ross' brigades went with Lee when he went to Tennessee. Seven hundred men left Fulton on Thursday to go to Salem, and an equal number went to Roddey. Jeff. Davis passed through Atlanta, Ga., ten days ago on way to Bragg's army.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, October 20, 1863.

Colonel L. F. McCRILLIS,

Commanding Second Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: You will immediately throw out from your command as outposts a battalion at Lamar and another at the intersection of the La Grange and Ripley and Salsbury and Holly Springs roads, at Hardaway's. They will forage on the country, giving receipts for the same, and will be relieved every two days, in accordance with former instructions. A battalion of the Seventh Illinois is stationed at Quinn and Jackson's Mill, and a battalion of the Sixth Illinois at Olive Branch.

By order of Edward Hatch, colonel, commanding division:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA GRANGE,

October 20, 1863-9 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER:

You will scour the country in your front thoroughly and communicate with me. I have just learned that Chalmers has been re-enforced with 4,000 fresh troops from Okolona, and that his scouts are on Coldwater to-night.

T. W. SWEENY,

Brigadier-General Commanding.

FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK, Cairo, Illinois, October 20, 1863.(Received 1.45 a. m., 21st.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

Water risen 2 feet in the Ohio and still rising in the Tennessee. As it is raining, I am told, heavily in Virginia the rise may be a permanent one. Three gunboats are ordered to go up as high as Florence, if possible, and form a junction with General Sherman, from whom I received a letter on the 4th from Corinth. I have telegraphed to General Meigs that the gunboats were ready to convoy up both rivers, and I have ordered the gunboats to come below the falls at Lousville. Everything seems to work well for us.

DAVID D. PORTER,

Acting read-Admiral.

