
regiment of cavalry which, has infested that country ever since we came down the river. A boat came down last night. Everything was all right then.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, October 20, 1863-12.30 a. m.

Major-General GRANT:

The following is the disposition of the forces in this department:Three thousand cavalry, 1,000 infantry, and 10 pieces artillery at Jonesborough, with advance posts at the ford od the Holston, scouting well out on the north side of the Holston. One thousand cavalry and 4 pieces artillery at Rogersville, scouting in the direction of Kingsport. Four new Indiana regiments, with about 3,000 men for duty and 10 pieces of artillery, at Greeneville. One regiment of infantry, 400 strong, and a six-gun battery and 250 cavalry at Morristown. Two regiments new Ohio troops and one six-gun battery and a battalion of cavalry, 300 strong, at Cumberland Gap, with 13 captured pieces in position. Twelve hundred infantry, three batteries of artillery, and 1,000 cavalry at Knoxville. Nine hundred infantry at Concord. Twenty-seven hundred infantry and three batteries of artillery at Loudon. Twelve hundred cavalry and 4 mountain howitzers, under Colonel Wolford, with headquarters at Philadelphia, and outposts and scouting parties extending out to the Hiwassee River. Fifteen hundred cavalry and one battery of artillery, with headquarters at Post Oak Springs, 9 miles below Kingston, on the north side of the river, picketing down to Blythe's Ferry, connecting with General Rosecrans. Besides these, we have a column of 4,500 infantry, 18 pieces of artillery, and 350 cavalry of the Ninth Corps near this place under orders for Kingston.

These estimates are given in round numbers rather than regiments, as it will give you a better idea of our real strength. Some or 3,000 home guards have been armed in different parts of the State, and we have over 2,000 recruits for the three-years' service, all of whom are armed, but not clad.

We have on hand twelve days' half rations of small stores and a good supply of beef-cattle and salt, with an abundance of bread-stuffs in the country for present use. We have over 100 rounds of ammunition per man and 150 rounds per gun. Our horses are in fair condition, considering the amount of work they have done.

We are suffering for want of clothing for recruits as well as for old troops, and also for want of horseshoes and nails, but we have commenced to manufacture the latter hare.

We find great difficulty in transporting supplies over the long line between here and Camp Nelson, and unless there is a fair prospect for driving the enemy below Dalton, so that the railroad can be opened, I think it would be well to establish communication by wagon train between Kingston and McMinnville.

I have already taken steps to repair the road from Clinton to the mouth of the Big South Fork of the Cumberland, to which point stores can be transported by water as soon as that river becomes navigable, which may not be till January.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy same date to Halleck.)

