
KNOXVILLE, Tennessee, October 20, 1863.(Received 11.45 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The indications from the front confirm me in the belief, expressed in my dispatch of last night, that the enemy are falling back from in front of Rosecrans.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, October 20, 1863. (Received 11.50 p. m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President:

Your dispatch of this date received.* We have armed some 2,500 guards and have recruited nearly 3,000 men for three-years' service. We have not been able to clothe them yet, and a large majority of them are in a very destitute condition; but they are armed and fed, and seem to be anxious to make any sacrifice required of them. I think that 10,000 three years' troops can be raised in East Tennessee and Western North Carolina, particularly if we can drive the enemy south of Dalton.

All our information tends to show that the enemy in front of Rosecrans has been decreased. It is said that the Mobile force has gone from Bragg; also forces under Johnston of 8,000 men. The enemy has left our front as far down as the Hiwassee, and his pickets are reported withdrawn from Tennessee River as far down as the mouth of Sale Creek.

I have just sent to General Grant a dispatch giving details of the position of forces, a copy of which I have requested should be sent to General Halleck.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, October 20, 1863. (Received 11.30 p. m., 21st.)

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Telegraph me the quantity of clothing you want, and what point you will have it shipped to; there is enough here to supply you. Repairing the road to McMinnville. All roads that can be used to get to supplies should be put in order as fast as possible. Can you not lay in large stores of forage, bacon, and supplies by purchasing? If so, do it. Have you tools for fortifying? Important points in East Tennessee should be put in condition to be held by the smallest number of men as soon as possible. Please inform me what you regard as the key-stone position in your department. I count Kingston to be the most important, but do not know now.

Will be in Stevenson to-morrow night and Chattanooga next night.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

---------------

* Probably refers to dispatch of October 17. See Series I, Vol. XXX, Part III,-p.-.

---------------

