
Do you think it will be done certainly? Can you concentrate your force at Bridgeport by that time, or how much of it can you so concentrate? Is the pontoon bridge at Battle Creek in good order and in readiness for use? Any additional information regarding enemy at Courtland? Any news from Sherman yet?

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE,

October 21, 1863- 6.15 p. m.

Major-general THOMAS:

The following telegram just received by telegraph from Columbia, Tennessee, October 21, 1863:

Captain W. NEVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Blake, Thirteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, left Columbia Monday morning, and I learn is at Carter's Creek Station, unable to get farther,no cars having been out for the last two days. Rebel cavalry at Tuscumbia, Courtland, and Florence consists of Wheeler (6,000, with artillery), Roddey (2,000, with artillery), Lee ($,000, no artillery, just ordered from Mississippi to re-enforce Wheeler). If they cross the adenous, which is now very high, it will take them some time. I learn they have boats. They will strike the railroad south of Murfreesborough, at Wartrace, Shelbyville, or McMinnville. I have no idea they will come here; at least, only a portion of their force. I can hold my position again five times my number, at least. Why are the Tennesseeans detained? They ought to be here. They can be sent to Carter's Creek Station by rail; march the rest of the way. They must be armed by this time. Can they be sent at once?The proposed raid by rebel cavalry is surmised from the fact they were cooking five days rations.

HENRY R. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Decherd, October 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel GODDARD:

I received your dispatch of last evening relating to Wheeler. The cavalry is in bad condition to receive Wheeler at this time. We are sadly in need of horses and horse equipments, and cannot be effective until we receive at least 3,000 of each. If Wheeler crosses the river near the shoals, our cavalry should be moved- one division to Shelbyville, and the other near Tullahoma. As they are now situated, taking into consideration the condition of our horses, it would be very hard matter to intercept General Crook's division with the mounted infantry now in camp at Flint River, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. I am making every exertion possible to fit up the cavalry, but find there are but few horses and no horses equipments at Nashville. I will await instructions as to the change proposed.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

