HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Dallas, Tennessee, October 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with orders from Major-General Rosecrans, I moved from Anderson's Cross-Roads on the 18th instant to this point by way of Poe's road. I found the road over mountain nearly impassable. I had to assign a company of infantry to each gun, and then found great difficulty in moving my artillery.

I arrived here this morning about 9 o'clock, and have stationed my force (the Sixtieth Illinois, Tenth Michigan, and Beebe's battery) at Dallas.

I will immediately, in compliance with the order referred to, confer with Colonel Harrison and Brigadier-General Spears, the nearest commanding officers.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

IUKA, October 21, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

The enemy's cavalry is doubtless south of the Tennessee between me and Decatur. The river has risen so they cannot get back, for there is 8 feet of water on the Muscle Shoals. I must have a boat at Eastport or Florence to pass to the point of my destination. I think Wheeler will rest after his Tennessee raid, and move to Rome and Chattanooga to rejoin Bragg; but Forrest and Lee will hang around our road to devil us.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, October 21, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Iuka, Miss:

I have sent forward your dispatches for a ferry-boat and in relation to movements. It is, I think, certain that all the cavalry of the left of Bragg's army will be found north of the river at Florence. They are said to be 8,000. This has been sent forward also. I think unless attacked and driven off by cavalry from Rosecrans they will be apt to block the river again light gunboats.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, October 21, 1863.

Rear-Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron, Cairo, Illinois:

Major-General Sherman telegraphs me that there is 8 feet water on the shoals, and desires me to inform you. He leave a regiment

