
at Eastport. His advance will be in Tuscumbia to-morrow. Wheeler's cavalry(8,000) is in force from Florence to Decatur on the north side of the river.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, October 21, 1863. (Received 22nd.)

General BURNSIDE:

The appointment of Colonel W. P. Sanders to the rank of brigadier has been ordered, and you may assign him to command according to that rank. The commission will be forwarded immediately after my return to Washington, whither I start to-morrow.

A dispatch from General Meade states that Lee's forces have been withdrawn across the Rappahannock, with a view to operations elsewhere. Congratulate you upon the brilliant success that has attended your operations in East Tennessee. I hope the same good fortune will attend you in the future.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, October 21, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,,

Knoxville, Tennessee:

Having by a demonstration forced General Meade to retreat, and having destroyed all his line of supply, General Lee will probably send a part of his army to the Southwest. Whether to Bragg or by Abingdon is uncertain. I think your available forces at Kingston and above should be held in readiness to move up the valley, should the enemy appear in force in Southwestern Virginia. A copy of this is sent to General Grant. Communicate with him.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in Chief.

JONESBOROUGH, October 21, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

The enemy is between the two rivers, whether in force or not I am unable to determine. If it will meet your approbation, I propose, before sending the expedition to North Carolina, to start to morrow evening with a sufficient part of the command to give him battle if he is there in force, and if possible drive him again beyond the Holston. If he has nothing but scouting parties between the rivers, we will stand a good chance to capture them.

We have a large number of dismounted men, and as two of the regiments are at Rogersville, I propose taking Colonel Hoskins, with the Twelfth Kentucky and One hundred and third Ohio, leaving the Eighth Tennessee and dismounted men here.

