
A flag of truce came to uor outpost this evening, asking permission to come through the lines for Mrs. Colonel Bottles, whose husband they reported dying from his wounds received in the skirmish day before yesterday. We sent for Mrs. Bottles and sent her over.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

LOUDON, October 21, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

I have deferred this dispatch hoping to be more definite than I am able to be. I have withdrawn the cavalry within my lines, as there is no object in keeping it at Philadelphia. The enemy is near there. I am not confident there is any infantry or artillery with them, but Colonel Wolford says they used both on him yesterday. He is confident they will yet attack this place, and that the stubbornness of their resistance to-day is evidence that they intend to hold all they have till the material for a suitable attack can be brought up. I don't feel authorized to move out from here with a small force to any great distance, and my entire division numbers but little over 3,000. I am convinced they have a large force between this and Cleveland, but can't say they will come here with it. The boldness of their mounted force convinces me it is backed by all arms.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

LONDON, October 21, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

SIR: The Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry of my command is out of ammunition for the Union rifle carbine, and there is none here. Also out of ammunition for the Henry rifle, and none to be had. Can it be procured there? If so, I need 21,000 rounds Union rifle carbine cartridges and 2,640 Henry rifles. Answer.

FRANK WOLFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Independent Cavalry Brigade.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., October 21, 1863. (Received 5 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Supplies can now be sent up the Tennessee to Eastport. We are loading tow-boats for that place to-day. Is General Sherman ready to receive supplies at that point? Colonel Haines telegraphed him on the 7th instant, but no answer. Six feet water at Eastport, 3 feet on lower and 2 feet on upper shoals. Will send a tow of hay from Cairo to Nashville to-morrow.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.

