
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 21, 1863.(Received 7.15 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Colonel Haines has this moment received a dispatch from General Sherman. He requests that stores be sent to Eastport, and will be so prepared to receive them. We will ship as fast as possible

ROBT. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.

OCTOBER 21, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Gunboats are now on their way up Tennessee and for up the Cumberland. My intention is to send every gunboat I can spare up the Tennessee. I have also sent below for light-draughts to come up. Am sorry to say the river is at a stand.

PORTER.

MEMPHIS, Tennessee, October 21, 1863-11.30 a. m. (Received 8.20 p. m., 23d.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following received from Corint: All troops at Mobile except provost guards have gone to Bragg. No troops at Okolona: have gone to Roddey, at Chickasaw. Much of Lee's army is with Bragg. The rest of Longstreet's corps has arrived. Southern papers of 10th state Bragg draws 180,000 rations. This is published for effect, evidently. Wheeler is reported to be concentrating his whole cavalry, claiming 8,000, at the Tennessee, above and below Florence. General will make his hospital depot at Iuka. Blair crossed Bear Creek with two divisions yesterday, and will be near Tuscumbia to-day. One other division of Sherman's is beyond Bear Creek, and one will be kept on this side until a brigade sent from Memphis can relieve it. It will take five days longer to repair bridge at Bear Creek for trains. The Tennessee River must be his main dependence. It is now rising. I need 2,000 horse equipments to mount infantry. They were promised some weeks since, but have not arrived. As soon as the force comes from Steele I shall strike for Columbus, Miss. At present I have no disposable infantry.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

(Same to General Grant.)

MEMPHIS, Tennessee, October 21, 1863.

Colonel L. F. McMCRILLIS,

La Grange, Tennessee:

Send battalion this afternoon to La Fayette to meet horses for your command. They will be at La Fayette in the morning.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

44 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

