
MEMPHIS, Tennessee, October 21, 1863.

Colonel WILCOX,

Commanding Post, Germantown:

COLONEL: The whole force of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry and four guns are ordered to go south in the morning.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

MEMPHIS, Tennessee, October 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel LOOMIS,

Comdg. Sixth Illinois Cavalry, Germantown:

Furnish two companies as escort for horses for La Grange. Horses will be at Germantown this afternoon. Escort will go to Collierville and return. Prepare your for expedition in the morning .

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

MEMPHIS, October 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel, R. LOOMIS,

Commanding Sixth Illinois Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will proceed, with the effective force of your command and 4 guns of the battery, with you the best battalion now on outpost duty at Olive Branch, on a reconnaissance southward, for the purpose of ascertaining the truth of the report that Chalmers is encamped 5 miles north of Wyatt. You will start immediately upon the receipt of this communication, and use every precaution against surprises. You will gather all possible information concerning the whereabouts and force of the enemy, but avoid a general engagement, It will not be necessary to go all the way to Wyatt, if you can gather reliable and satisfactory information before reaching that point. Should you meet no force of consequence, you can scout the country for a few days, and feed your horses well, always giving receipts for the same. Communicate promptly with these headquarters should you obtain any important information, and immediately upon your arrival telegraph, and make full written report by mail.

By order of Edward Hatch:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, Tennessee, October 21, 1863.

Colonel L. F. McCRILLIS,

Commanding Second Brigade Cavalry:

You will send out a force of cavalry from this place, Grand Junction, and Saulsbury. These forces must cross the Coldwater to-morrow, going as far as the Tallahatchie, if no force of the enemy interposes to prevent.

By order of Brigadier General T. W. Sweeny:

L. H. EVERTS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

