
sole purpose of getting out the railroad iron now being manufactured at these mills. No works are being built at Selma, but below Selma fortifications are going up to stop our boats running to Selma.

All Government works era now in full operation at Selma. I expect Spencer to destroy these works and the road. There is some infantry at Columbus, a part of the Forty-third Mississippi or Alabama Infantry, and battery. Ruggles is also there. Davenport is at Fulton, not armed, and only party mounted. He has one company at Bay Springs, Captain Pardue's. The runaway conscripts that they pick up they now send to garrison forts; do not send them to Bragg.

The men in the mountains report that large numbers of deserters are beginning to come in again from Bragg's army, and I see several letters that the boys bring in from officers say that Mobile will not be defended. Selma paper of the 10th says Loring's division is on the way to Bragg.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, October 21, 1863.

Captain SEMPLE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

One hundred and ten cavalry will move from Glasgow to Sumerville. One hundred and ninety will move from this place, north side of Green River, and unite with force from Glasgow. If rebels have crossed toward New Haven my force will find it out and follow them. If they have moved south, after stealing and plundering, they can be pursued.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

FORT PILLOW, Tennessee,

October 21, 1863.

Captain J. HOUGH, Assistant Adjutant-General, Memphis:

CAPTAIN: A gentleman just arrived from the interior informs me that Captain Hayes, who for some time has been engaged in recruiting and organizing a company of Tennessee militia, was captured on Monday, the 13th instant, and brutally murdered on the 14th instant, by portion of Faulkner's command. He was shot down and entirely stripped of his clothing, and thrown into the Middle fork of the Forked Deer River, near Lee's Mill, in Gibson Country. His body was found in that stream on Monday last, and my informant,together with the Masonic fraternity, buried him on that day.

Captain Hayes was commissioned as first lieutenant by Governor Johnson, to raise a company for the First Regiment Tennessee Cavalry, and as soon as his company was to have been commissioned as captain. Captain Hayes, by his personal bravery and daring, and by his indefatigable zeal in hunting down guerrillas, has made himself, together with his little command, a terror to that class of lawless men Trusting that prompt and decisive steps will be taken to avenge this inhuman and barbarous outrage, I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

E. H. WOLFE,

Colonel Fifty-second Indiana Infantry.

