SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,No. 472. ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 21, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. Brigadier General Washington L. Elliott, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person immediately to Major-General Rosecrans.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 12TH CORPS,

Numbers 56. ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Decherd, Tennessee, October 21, 1863.

The brigadier-general commanding the division has discovered, very much to his regret, a decided lack of harmony between the detachments from other commands that he found stationed on the line of railroad now under his command and the troops of his division. Upon several occasions this feeling has nearly resulted in a collision between small parties of the respective commands. It is earnestly hoped that the present state of feeling may immediately give place to a spirit of at least apparent harmony. There is really no reason why any disagreement should exist between the soldiers of the commands referred to, and nothing is more likely to produce disagreement than little banterings and reflections which oftentimes era playfully commenced, and it is enjoined upon all officers and men of this division, as well as upon those of the detachments serving with it, to abstain from all assertions or demonstrations tending to create ill will, and hereafter any officer or enlisted man indulging in such will be arrested and punished. The Army of the Cumberland and the Army of the Potomac have both performed their duty well, and they should come together as fellow-soldiers engaged in a common and holy cause.

The troops of the Potomac come here by order of the Chief Magistrate to re-enforce the Army of the Cumberland, by which their respective fortunes are linked together, and it is believed by the division commander that his desire is their desire, viz, that still further brilliant victories may crown the efforts of all the troops serving in the Army of the Cumberland.

This order will be promulgated to all the troops within the limits of this command.

By command of Brigadier General A. S. Williams:

S. E. PITTMAN,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIDGEPORT, Tennessee,

October 22, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Arrived here last night. Party all safe. Rained yesterday. Roads worse than ever. General Grant leaves for Chattanooga this morning, and will arrive to-morrow night.

[C. A. DANA.]

