
BRIDGEPORT, Tennessee,

October 22, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

No news here from Chattanooga. I am just starting for there with Grant. Will report fully on arriving.

[C. A. DANA.]

STEVENSON, October 22, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

General Slocum just telegraphs that a force of 600 rebel cavalry guerrillas, under Ferguson, congregated at Rock Island, 14 miles from McMinnville. He has scouts watching them. General Rosecrans advised me some days since that a regiment was ordered to McMinnville from his headquarters. I have telegraphed instructions to the commanding officer at that point, but I am unadvised as to their arrival.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, October 22, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

I desire the general to be correctly advised of the movements of the Twelfth Corps. It is ordered to concentrate at Bridgeport. The wagons for one division of it left Nashville yesterday, and the balance will be put on the road in the course of the week, as the cars are under orders from headquarters. I am instructed to bring nothing but supplies. I cannot move the troops before the wagons come up without leaving all baggage behind. As this may cripple my future movements, I desire that orders may be given to the officers in charge of the railroad to receive the baggage of this corps and deliver it at Bridgeport.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General,

STEVENSON, October 22, 1863-10 a. m.

Major-General SLOCUM:

On the receipt of this order you will, with the least possible delay, concentrate your command at Bridgeport;the movement to be made in such way as will soonest effect this object. A train of wagons for one division of your corps left Nashville yesterday morning, and it is required that as soon as it reaches Murfreesborough you make use of it to move General Geary's division, unless cars can be obtained for that purpose. Application has been made for them, but, the movement must not be delayed in the absence of this authority. Station the troops along the line of communication in your district, and not of your corps, at the points most needed for the protection of the line.

HOOKER,

Major-General.

