
WARTRACE, October 22, 1863.(Received 7.30 p. m.)

Brigadier General ALPHEUS S. WILLIAMS:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your entire division and the artillery of the corps that is with you to Bridgeport with least possible delay. Leave baggage in charge of some competent officer until your wagons come; or, if you prefer and can obtain cars, send it by rail. You will give necessary directions to have your wagon train follow you. You will distribute the troops under your command not belonging to this corps so as to guard the most important points, bridges, &amp;c. The movement should begin to-morrow. Please acknowledge.

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, October 22, 1863-12 m.

Brigadier-General GRANGER:

Nashville:

Wheeler's force numbers 4,000,with artillery, and Lee's force 2,500. These are at Courtland. Rodey's force, numbering about 1,000 men, have not returned to the south side of the Tennessee, but are dispersed in small bands in the vicinity of Huntsville. This is reliable. Sherman should be in the vicinity of Courtland, and should not only disperse the cavalry force there, but cover the country to the north.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL, Decherd, and

Brigadier-General Crook, Flint River:

There is no doubt that Lee, with 2,500 men, has joined Wheeler at Courtland. A dispatch from Wheeler to Bragg, captured at Trenton, states that Lee had arrived at Florence. Captured rebel dispatches all show that cavalry expect to make another raid into Middle Tennessee.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH,

October 22, 1863-6.45 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twelfth Corps:

Orders received. Will send Michigan regiment as ordered, and will make best possible arrangement of the troops here for defense of the bridges on the [railroad], but all I can do will be inadequate to their protection.

JNumbers W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

