
STEVENSON,

October 22, 1863-1.10 p. m.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Nashville:

I am ordered to concentrate my command at Bridgeport. I shall have to turn over this line to you as fast as my troops are able to move from the positions they at present occupy. They are now under orders for the movement.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH CORPS,Decherd, Tennessee, October 22, 1863.

Brigadier General J. F. KNIPE,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding the division to say that this division is ordered to Bridgeport without delay, and he desires you to march your command at the earliest hour practicable. You will leave the important points on your line guarded by troops not of your brigade. If you can get cars, you may send your baggage by rail; but if not able to do so, it will be left until wagons come-up, and then loaded and brought forward to Bridgeport. You will please report at these headquarters for further instructions.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. E. PITTMAN,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Dallas, Tenn, October 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I conferred to-day with Colonels Harrison, Thirty-ninth Indiana, and Atkins, Ninety-second Illinois, whose commands are guarding the river in this vicinity. I also made a partial examination of the river from Harrison's to Igou's Ferry, 8 miles above.

I found two companies of the Ninety-second Illinois (mounted infantry) at Harrison's Landing, with a hastily constructed and imperfect line of rifle-pits. Igou's Ferry is guarded by one company of the Thirty-ninth Indiana (mounted infantry), with posts 1 mile above and a like distance below the ferry, connected by patrols. Penny's Ford, 2 miles above Igou's is guarded by a force of infantry from General Spears' command who report to Colonel Harrison, Thirty-ninth Indiana. I will relieve the force at Harrison's and Igou's to-morrow morning with five companies of infantry from my command at each place, and use the mounted force in this vicinity for patrol duty exclusive.

There is no forage in this vicinity, and the stock of the mounted commands referred to is suffering much. One of the regiments has no transportion, and the other but 13 wagons. Unless something

