
can be speedily done to procure forage for them, their horses must perish. I think a few companies of mounted men for patrol duty are all that are absolutely needed here at present.

I am convinced that Igou's Ferry is the most feasible point in this vicinity for laving a pontoon, if the enemy were so disposed. There is an eddy and but very slow current at that point. The water is now about 20 feet deep. The shore on this side, for some distance above and below, is perfectly commanded by high positions; on the other side, both above, below, and directly in front. The height below was fortified by Bragg when he first fell back, but the work has never been used. There are rifle-pits on the opposite bank immediately at the landing. A determined enemy could lay a pontoon there unless opposed vigorously.

The road on each side leading to the ferry is practicable for artillery. The guard at that point report the enemy constantly running trains for forage, up the river day and night, generally returning in about eight or ten hours.

The roads on the other side run near the river, and there is no means of reaching the back country, except by the road running directly back from the ferry. A party of determined men sent secretly across in that vicinity might easily capture and destroy a train, as they are reported to be but lightly guarded.

I can hear of no large force in my immediate front or anything of interest other than I have reported.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel Commanding Brigade.

OCTOBER 22, 1863-7-40 p. m.

Captain MERRILL,

Chief Signal Officer, Department of the Cumberland:

The enemy has extended his line to a point opposite Williams' Island. Sharpshooters have annoyed our troops passing on the road from foot of Walden's Ridge through the bottom between here and Chattanooga to-day. The roads is within easy range of their sharpshooters.

Respectfully,

J. L. JONES,

Lieutenant, and Acting Signal Officer.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 22, 1863.

Captain MERRILL,

Chief Signal Officer:

The following report has just been received from signal officer at Fort Wood:

Captain LEONARD:

To our left of old stone fence, where abandoned works are, the enemy have constructed two additional redoubts,making four at that point. Farther to our left, on a knoll east of white house near our picket line, they have also constructed four log redoubts, in one of which, I think, is a brass gun. There are two limbers in rear of the redoubt. They must have built these works last night. I saw them at work to our left of the fence where abandoned works are, but not at the other point, on yesterday. I saw one regiment have inspection,another drilling this morning,

