
and at noon a large body of men, without arms, collected at what appears to be a headquarters on our left, where, from the display of different flag from any that I have before seen, and the manner in which it was exhibited, I think some regiment was being presented with a flag.

This evening about a regiment moved from crest of ridge on road at the headquarters in direction of our left. I could not see where they went to for the timber. About a regiment also were at the headquarters on the crest of the ridge. Part of them moved toward our right and the remainder to the left.

Respectfully,

L. M. DE MOTTE,

Lieutenant, and Acting Signal Officer.

Respectfully,

WM. LEONARD,

Captain, and Acting Signal Officer.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 22, 1863-1.10 p. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Chattanooga, Tennessee:

I would suggest that General Sheridan is one of the best men in the army to organize and regulate transportation and supplies. He fully supplies General Curtis' army in midwinter over the most horrible roads. Should not all animals not absolutely required at Chattanooga be sent to the rear? Cannot a part of the troops be sent nearer the depots of provisions? As at Pittsburg, short forage can be sent forward on the backs of artillery and cavalry horses. Men can be successively detailed to carry forward provisions on their back. Beef on the hoof can be driven over the mountains, and the ration of bread reduced. The issue of small rations can be temporarily suspended.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in Chief.

OCTOBER 22, 1863.

General HURLBUT, Memphis:

It is universally believed hare that Wheeler, Roddey, and Forrest are on this side the Tennessee, between Tuscumbia and Decatur.

A pretty heavy force is directly ahead of my advance. Osterhaus yesterday had a pretty severe fight, losing 8 men and 20-odd wounded. Colonel Torrence, Thirtieth Iowa, is killed.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General .
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Iuka, October 22, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Comdg. Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tennessee:

DEAR GENERAL: I have received yours of 20th, with copy of General Grant's of the 17th, at Cairo. Of course I know that General Grant will not atop at Louisville, but will go to Nashville. I have every reason to know that there is a heavy force of cavalry to my front. I don't suppose it is there by Bragg's order, but the result of an accident, they all having come south across Muscle Shoals. I have had the river examined at Eastport, and an old pilot at Waterloo reports all fords now impracticable and navigation good for 4

