
The rascals displayed an energy worthy a better cause; but so it is. But when they come to the pinch they don't fight equal to the numbers. Chalmers. Chalmers' dispatch is a sample. He captured the camp of the Seventh Illinois, off on Hatch's expedition. Nothing else of moment, but he may again attempt the road; but Hurlbut has plenty to checkmate him, if he don't attempt to follow, but anticipate him and interpose between the railroad and Tallahatchie. I propose to finish the bridge and prepare to move on to Tuscumbia, but in the end may actually cross at Eastport . My orders are fully comprehended in thus drawing from Rosecrans the cavalry that have heretofore bothered him. I had a regiment at Eastport. A party crossed over who saw no one, but heard the river was patroled so as to report all our movements.

I will fortify this place somewhat, so that if the enemy's cavalry attempts to operate against it they will catch more than they bargain for. Corinth is too formidable a place for them to dream of an attack, but you should keep a couple of regiments disposable to take the offensive.

I am much obliged for all information, and will impart all positive information to you. Keep me well advised from day to day of Fuller's approach.

I have one brigade at Barnesville, two here, and three divisions front of Bear Creek.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, October 22, 1863-12 noon.(Received 6 p. m., 23.)

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

By courier I learn that Burnside had a fight yesterday with the enemy at Philadelphia. Result unknown. He is concentrating at Kingston. Has withdrawn his cavalry from Post Oak Springs. River only observed by courier from mouth of Sale Creek up. I have it guarded as well as I can from Sale Creek down. Scouts report that a considerable force marched toward Knoxville day before yesterday. Deserters report that their heavy guns were removed five or six days since. Their force in our front does not diminish in appearance. We are getting supplies enough, notwithstanding the loss of wagons by Wheeler's raid and the bad condition of the roads hence to Bridgeport. Hope to move Hooker in a few days, to open the wagon road and railroad from here to Bridgeport.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 22, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Uor advices indicate activity on the part of the enemy and a movement of troops toward Loudon. We will guard the river as far up as Smith's Ferry, but can go no higher. Let us hear from you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

