
CHATTANOOGA, October 22, 1863.

(Received 26th.)

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Every effort should be made to increase your small-arm ammunition to 500 rounds and artillery to 300 rounds.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

LOUDON, October 22, 1863-6 p. m.

General BURNSIDE:

The cavalry have returned to camp. The enemy occupy Philadelphia. It is the half-way ground between this place and Sweet Water.

Our line of battle to-day was formed within half a mile of that place. Beyond our line the road winds through a defile; they had troops on either flank, and doubtless designed to entrap us. The skirmishing to-day was without material results.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

LOUDON, October 22, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

On the morning of Tuesday, the 20th, I reached Sweet Water about 11 a. m. I met at that point the advance of General Vaughn's, formerly Forrest's, division of cavalry. He violated my flag and kept me a prisoner until this morning.

There is at Sweet Water the division of General Stevenson, numbering about 8,000 infantry, with artillery. They are exchanged Vicksburg prisoners. Have you a locomotive or train you can send me? I would like to come up immediately, unless you are coming down here.

DUNCAN A. PELL,

Captain, and Aide-de-Camp.

KNOXVILLE, October 22, 1863-1.30 a. m.

(Received 3.50 p. m.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President:

Your dispatch received. We have already over 3,000 in the threeyears' service and half armed; about 2,500 home guards. Many more recruits could have been had for the three-years' service but for the want of clothing and camp equipage; we have not means of bringing those things with us, and since our arrival we have not been able to accumulate them by transportation from Kentucky.

Our command is now and has been ever since our arrival on half rations of everything, except fresh beef. We have no rations of beans, rice, pickles, &amp;c., in fact no small stores but sugar, coffee, and salt; but the command is remarkably happy, cheerful, and willing, and I hope we are all ready for any ordinary emergency. The country thus far has supplied an abundance of forage. We are suffering considerably for want of shoes and clothing, and horseshoes. I have told General Halleck fully as to our position. A road has

