
been surveyed from Clinton to the mouth of Big South Fork on the Cumberland, from which point are transported supplies. After the Cumberland River becomes navigable to that place we will commence work on it at once with a view to making a good winter road. It runs along the line of the projected railroad and will be of material assistance in building the railroad. The railroad is already built from this place to within 8 miles of Clinton and is graded that 8 miles. I hope to take iron enough from the track above. I have to finish this grade to Clinton, and I have already made arrangements to built. After the wagon road is repaired, the entire force will be put to work grading the railroad from Clinton to the Cumberland to meet the road we are building in Kentucky. I have understood that some obstacles have been thrown in the way of this work by persons declaring that the expenditures would not be authorized. If such is the case, I should have been notified of it, and thereby save myself and others connected with the work, very serious embarrassment. I am daily becoming more satisfied of wisdom, necessity, and efficiency of the work.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, October 22, 1863-3 a. m.

Major-General GRANT:

Your dispatch received. It is owing altogether to the circumstances as to which is the key point in East Tennessee. If we are here with a view to co-operate with the Army of the Cumberland alone, and uniting with that army in case of any reverse to either, a point opposite Kingston on the north side of the Tennessee River is certainly the key point; if we are expected to hold the line between Southwest Kentucky and Chattanooga with a view to creating a diversion in favor of, or rendering assistance to, either army in Kentucky or the Army of the Cumberland, then it is [plain] to me that Loudon, Knoxville, and some point as far up the road as possible should be strongly held.

A dispatch from Halleck to-day, a copy of which he sent to you, would indicate that he now regards the latter place as the proper one, which I did not understand to be his position before. If Kingston is regarded as the key-point, the line of railroad from Bristol to Loudon should be held, I think, by just force enough to completely destroy it upon the approach of the enemy, and fall back upon Kingston, evacuating the entire country east of it, except such portions of it as could be held by small bodies of cavalry.

I have already taken steps for the improvement of the road from Clinton to the mouth of the Big South Fork.

Steps taken by me toward building a railroad from the Cumberland to this. I will have working parties put on the road at once from Kingston to McMinnville, by way of Crossville and Sparta. Cannot working parties be sent out from McMinnville to meet ours?

We need about 25,000 suits of clothing. We have been on half rations ever since our arrival of everything except fresh beef and bread; in fact we have had no small rations except sugar, coffee, and salt, but the command is in good condition and ready for any ordered emergency.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

