
CORINTH, October 22, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

Southern dates to 18th. On 15th Johnston left Meridian for Mobile.

Chalmers sends following dispatch, dated Byhalia, October 12:

We have torn up the railroad in four places and attacked Collierville yesterday morning. Sherman, with part of Smith's brigade, en route for Corinth, arrived as we did. We drove the enemy into their intrenchments and burned his camp, with considerable stores, also 30 wagons, and brought off 20. We took 5 colors and 104 prisoners. Our loss was 50 killed and wounded. The enemy's loss very heavy. General Smith and Colonel Anthony were killed. Re-enforcements coming from Germantown and La Fayette. We retreated.

Chalmers' Jackson dispatch of 15th, pretending to be taken from New Orleans papers, says Dick Taylor has captured Banks and fifteen regiments; that 1,300 paroled prisoners arrived at New Orleans. Charleston dates say that both sides are firing without much effect; that Gilmer was still at work. Richmond dates claim that Lee took 700 prisoners at Warrenton. Davis has returned to Richmond. An able editorial in relation to his visit says Davis is determined to repossess Tennessee; that it has fed his armies and we must have it; that Bragg, in the center, will press Rosecrans; that Lee will sweep down on East Tennessee, while the mississippi army comes up on the left; that the big battle will be fought some distance from Chattanooga, and that soon.

Accounts from Northern Louisiana give doleful accounts of the spirits of the citizens. Hopes late victories will cheer them up. Papers are full of orders for paroled Vicksburg troops to rendezvous at Enterprise, Miss.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Cherokee, Ala., October 22, 1863.

Captain R. M. SAWYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Fifteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I had an engagement with the enemy yesterday, the official report of which was forwarded through Major General F. P. Blair, jr. To-day I ordered my wounded to be brought to the rear. Please send a train to Clear Creek Station, if you think proper, to meet the ambulances.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. JOS. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I ascertained this morning that General Lee, with two brigades, was in my front yesterday.

COLUMBUS, KY., October 22, 1863.

Colonel J. K. MILLS,

Commanding, Union City:

Colonel Black just informs me from Paducah that Faulkner and Newsom were at McLemoresville at 10 a. m. on the 20th, intending

