
to move on Mayfield, to gobble up the company at that point. Keep a sharp watch out in the direction of Boydsville, and move a sufficient cavalry force in that direction. If you ascertain the report to be true, follow them up and cut off their retreat. They are reported to be 700 strong.

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, October 22, 1863.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE M. DODGE,

Corinth, Miss.:

Faulkner has crossed the Tennessee to break up the repairs of the railroad. Ascertain his strength and send word to our force in or north of Jackson. Lee's 500 are to replace the troops gone south. It will be necessary to be very watchful over Wheeler and others, as they may avoid Sherman's infantry and come around upon our line. Chalmers is at Water Valley, repairing railroad and getting supplies. I have heard nothing of Harrison until now. These disorderly recruiters cost more than they come to. Anything heard from Spencer yet?

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, October 22, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

Scout in from Decatur. Wheeler's division, Lee's division, two brigades of General Walker's, Roddey's brigade all below Decatur and Tuscumbia on south side of river. Colonel Forrest, with 350 men, near Cane Creek; they say they are going to make a raid into rear of Sherman on Memphis and Charleston Railroad. There is no doubt that they are there. Don't think they will come this way very soon.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, October 22, [1863.]

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Memphis:

Scout left Okolona yesterday morning. One week ago last Monday, Loring went round to Grenada with his forces to check a move of our forces from Vicksburg. Adams' troops are scattered on Mobile and Ohio, and Meridian and Jackson Railroad. Two regiments of Loring's went to Selma, and one, the Twenty-sixth Mississippi, went to Eutaw, Greene County, Ala. Hare went to New Albany on Monday. No troops at Okolona. Report is current that Grant and his army are moving this way to Rosecrans. Jeff. Davis reviewed Bragg's troops on the 11th and 12th. Chalmers is south of Wyatt fixing for another raid. I will send newspaper extracts.

Could hear nothing of McPherson.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

45 R R-VOI XXXI, PT I

