HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Decherd, October 23, 1863.

General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Cavalry, Maysville:

We have rumors that Generals Wheeler and Lee are preparing to cross the river and make another raid on our communications. From captured dispatches of General Wheeler we learn that General Lee's cavalry, said to be 2,500, had arrived at Florence. What do you hear of the movements of Wheeler, Lee, and Roddey? General Mitchell directs me to inquire.

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, October 23, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

I am informed that railroad transportation will now be furnished to concentrate my command at Bridgeport. General Crook, under date of 21st, advises me that Roddey swam Elk River Sunday, and has now crossed the Tennessee. The river still impassable. Wheeler across the river patrolling the banks. Crook will try and get news of Sherman. Sent scouting party down river in boats on 19th for that purpose, to go as far as captured. Gurley was the murdered of McCook. Heavy rains last night and now.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

BROWNSBOROUGH,

October 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General GARFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

My scouts have returned from the other side of Athens, and report that General Roddey with his force only went to Mooresville, where he remained until Sunday morning, when he swam Elk River, and it is said by all the citizens that he has crossed the Tennessee. The Elk River is still impassable. I arrived here Saturday evening. I sent a scouting party down Flint River in a boat to navigate the Tennessee down to the shoals. They will find out all the particulars. Captain Kilburn, with a scouting party, last night caught the notorious Captain Gurley and his brother, a lieutenant, who murdered General McCook. I have caught several of their men since I have been here. If I remain here I hope to clear this country of guerrillas before long.

Yours, respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

NEAR MAYSVILLE,

October 23, 1863-11 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD:

General Lee arrived on the opposite side of the river the day Wheeler recrossed. I had reported this fact to General Mitchell at

