
Decherd. My scouting parties report that they are not crossing to this side. The Tennessee River cannot be forded, and with facilities they have for crossing the river it would be a very difficult matter for them to cross. I will know positively, however, in very short time whether they are crossing or not. My horses are so badly used up for want of shoes and the hard service they have done the last month, that I could not get on more than half my command, and they with only poor horses. I wanted to remain at Decherd and get my command in good condition, but I was peremptorily ordered here. Thus far, owing to the high waters, I have been unable to get horses, stores, or clothing for my men, but I expect to get some to-day.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

STEVENSON,

October 23, 1863-2.20 p. m.

Brigadier General R. S. GRANGER,

Nashville:

A cavalry guerrilla force of 800, not well armed or well organized, are now at Milton. A scout of General Slocum's was in their camp yesterday. Their intention is to cut our communications. General Hooker expects you to look after them and disperse them. Acknowledge.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 23, 1863-4 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tennessee:

I can learn nothing further of Lee's movements. Would it not be well for your cavalry to destroy the railroad north of Holston River as far as possible, and also to remove all supplies from the upper part of the valley, so that the enemy can find no subsistence? Some time ago I ordered an expedition from West Virginia to cut the railroad above Wytheville, but have heard nothing of it. Could you subsist any additional troops, if sent to you?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, October 23, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN,

In the Field:

Rosecrans telegraphs to Halleck that on the 10th General Crook defeated Wheeler and drove him over the Tennessee and captured 4 pieces of artillery, 1,000 stand of arms, and 740 prisoners besides wounded. Total loss estimated, 2,000.

These troops now on this side will probably annoy you and send a force round to operate on this road or will be recalled to Rome.

I have again urgently sent for a steam ferry-boat and have reported to Admiral Porter.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

