
your force can be better employed, for the present at least, drilling and erecting fortifications, than in repairing levees; besides, I want as many men here as I can possibly get, to construct the new line of defenses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Munfordville, October 23, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

This post can be held with the force now here belonging to the Second Ohio Volunteer Heavy Artillery. Would it not be a good idea to mount the battalion of the Thirty-third Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, if it can be done? They can be made very effective for scouting purposes. The present mounted force is inefficient, and it is perfect nonsense to think of hinting down rebels with infantry. If we do not get a mounted force, and that speedily, the southern central portion of Kentucky will be subjected to constant raids. In addition the mounted force can move quickly, more thoroughly protect the railroad by using them on the border counties. I have no saddles and but few bridles, and indifferent horses. Requisitions have been made for horses and equipments. Please give my suggestion your earnest attention, and, if favored, assist me in carrying it out.

Very respectfully,

HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, October 23, 1863.

Colonel STRICKLAND, Glasgow:

Richardson plundered Bardstown this morning. Wires cut on Lebanon branch. Send your 45 men up Bardstown pike toward New Haven. If they require fresh horses, let them get them on road; deliver them to owners when they return. If they meet with any of Major Martin's force on the way, let them go with them. Captain Hare's men were ordered from Nolin last night, going in same direction.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, October 23, 1863-11 a. m.

Captain SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville:

Forty-five men have been mounted at Glasgow, and will move toward New Haven. Captain Hare was ordered last night from Nolin to move toward Lebanon branch road. Have not heard from Major Martin. Suppose he is in pursuit of rebels going south from Greensburg. All means for mounting men at this place and Glasgow have been exhausted.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

