
would drop everything and hasten forward, but General Halleck's order were positive, to mend road and look to supplies as I progressed, and this has delayed me.

I wish, if you have not already done so, that you would open communication with me at Florence.

I will write to General Steele, and will do all that is pointed out in your letter.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Iuka, October 24, 1863.

Major General FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Comdg. Advance Fifteenth Army Corps, Cherokee:

GENERAL: I take great pleasure in telling you that two gunboats have come up to Eastport. Lieutenant-Commander Phelps writes that four more are coming. He found good water all the way up, but says it is now impossible to reach Florence on account of Colbert Shoals. He speaks of a good place to cross 3 miles above Eastport, which must be on Colbert Shoals.

Please order a small party to reconnoiter down to the river from Dickson's Station, i. e., John E. Smith's position.

But my mind is almost concluded that Eastport is our chief point, and that we can pass men rapidly, but horses and mules slowly, unless about the foot of Colbert Shoals we can work with a raft for wagons, boats for the men, and swim our animals. I expect up soon a good ferry-boat, but we can't wait for it; I am behind time now; but first the cavalry to your front must be furnished.

You may send your wagons to the rear of John E. Smith, and, with the handy force of two divisions, push across Cane Creek, getting a moonlight start, if possible, and get a good shot at the cavalry, then resume your present ground, and I can commence crossing the rear division first at Eastport.

I have telegraphic notice that Grant has command of the Armies of the Ohio, the Cumberland, and the Tennessee, and I am to command the latter. This gives you the command of my corps; so you see I was right.

To attack cavalry with infantry is always a hard job, but you should strip as light of baggage as possible, get your field artillery near the head of column, break through their picket line before daylight, and be among their camps and bivouacs as quick as possible. Don't be drawn beyond Tuscumbia. Take what corn you need and all serviceable horses, giving receipts. Tell Mr. Goodloe, if he satisfies me further in the campaign that he is as good a Union man as he ought to be, I will see that his receipts are taken up with cash, but at the outset he must take the same fare as others.

You may make this attack your own way, reporting to John E. Smith that his front is uncovered, that he may be on his guard.

I will draw forward my troops and prepare for the real move.

I expect Captain Phelps up in two hours, and will discuss the whole subject of passing the Tennessee.

Your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

