
NASHVILLE, October 24, 1863.

(Received Wartrace, 24th.)

Major-General SLOCUM:

I received a letter from the President, earnestly requesting, if possible, that it should be done. I showed it to General Thomas. He considered it a very difficult thing; impracticable at the time. Our troops were suffering the shock of consolidation of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Corps. It would be easier at a later period, or to give Hooker another corps. Sorry I did not see you.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

STEVENSON,

October 24, 1863-9.30 a. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

The following dispatch just received:

ELK RIVER, [October] 24.

The line was cut about 5 miles north of here last night between 5 and 6 o'clock. A train was thrown off track by rebel guerrillas taking two or three rails out; some five or seven cars smashed up; engine turned over on her side. The train was fired into by guerrillas, numbering from 75 to 100. Several men on train wounded; none killed as far as knowwn. Captain Sligh, of First Michigan Engineers, had both legs badly smashed. Colonel Hunton is there, or was to be there from Nashville this a. m. about 4 o'clock. Think track will be cleared sufficient to let trains pass by 4 or 5 o'clock. Three box-cars and three or four flats, loaded with merchandise and lumber, are all in a heap. I left there at 2 o'clock this a. m. Men had already commenced moving the wreck. Edwards, with men, will leave here with tools to help in a few minutes. Three trains now at Estill Springs.

WILLIAMS,

Operator.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

(Same to Goddard.)
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Decherd, October 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General CROOK,

Maysville:

We have information from Shelbyville that Wheeler is or was on Thursday crossing the river at Lamb's Ferry. Have you heard anything of it? Answer. The general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness for any sudden movement.

WM. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECHERD, October 24, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have information from Colonel Galbraith, at Shelbyville, which he considers reliable, that Wheeler was crossing, and had about half of his command on this side of the Tennessee River on Thursday.

