
WASHINGTON,

October 24, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tennessee:

It now appears pretty certain that Ewell's corps has gone to Tennessee, and it is probable by Abingdon. His force is estimated at from 20,000 to 25,000. It is reported that he left Lee's army on Monday last, and did not pass through to Richmond. It is therefore most probable that he passed through Lynchburg, taking the road to Abingdon.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LOUDON, Tennessee,

October 24, 1863-4.30 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS, Chattanooga:

I arrived at this place last evening, and am convinced that a large force of the enemy is near this place with a cavalry advance at Philadelphia. It is reported that Longstreet is in command, but the report is not well authenticated. Under our orders to hold East Tennessee as high up as possible, we have necessarily to use a considerable portion of our cavalry in the eastern portion of the line, and the attack upon the brigade south of this place on the 20th resulted in the capture of all their camp equipage, clothing, and transportation, so that they are not in the best condition but can be used. They have been re-enforced by about 800 mounted men from Knoxville. We cannot do much more than picket river as far down as Blythe's Ferry, particularly while the enemy in our front threatens. We have infantry and artillery enough to make good defense here, unless we are greatly outnumbered, in which case the strength of enemy in your front will be diminished.

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Loudon, Tennessee, October 24, 1863-4 a. m.

(Received 10.20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The following dispatch has just gone to General Thomas in answer to one from him informing me of a movement of troops in this direction:

We do not need any re-enforcements, as we have as many men as we can feed, possibly more. Much obliged for the offer of assistance. We have been pursuing the course advised by you in regard to the railroads and the supplies.

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Iuka, October 24, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

I have now General Grant's Orders, 1 and 2; also a long letter, which I will have copied and sent you, that you may see wherein are modified the previous orders.

