
First, I cannot change the current of events in the Mississippi proper, but will leave McPherson to control in the State of Mississippi and you in Tennessee. As McPherson must act offensively in two cases likely to occur, I do not propose to draw from him at all.

I have written to Steele that General Grant expects him to send back Kimball's division of your corps, and the moment I have reason to believe he will do so, I must draw for them on your corps to make my movable force as strong as possible. I wish you to make orders that the regiment at Paducah, the One hundred and eleventh Illinois, proceed up the Tennessee to Waterloo, and march to Florence to report to me; the quartermaster to furnish transportation.

Notify the people of Paducah if any enemy of good government or manners insult or offend any of the Union people, the whole town will be held responsible, and the chief men banished and their property destroyed. It is time for Paducah to stop all nonsense. A garrison is no more needed there than at Saint Louis.

Order General Smith to organize as strong a mounted force as he can, to sweep down the country between the Tennessee and the Mississippi, moving so as to intimidate and destroy the small band that are engaged in enforcing the conscript law. The Tennessee being now patrolled by gunboats, there cannot be any considerable body in there, and the party so ordered can rendezvous at Pillow, Memphis, or Grand Junction. They will help themselves to corn, meat, and what they need, and take all good horses, giving simple receipts, to be settled for at the end of the war or according to circumstances. The officer commanding this party should be instructed to convey to the inhabitants this advice: They must organize and put down robbers and guerrillas. If they cannot, then they will be liable to be overrun and plundered by both sides. They must manifest not only a Union sentiment, but must unite in self-defense, and in such a way as to assist the National Government.

Two gunboats have arrived, and Captain Phelps reports there are 8 feet of water; enough for the Continental. There is no need of anything coming to me over the railroad. Please notify the quartermaster and commissary at Saint Louis that the Tennessee is in good boating order up to Eastport, and that I will receive goods at that point. I renew my demand for a ferry-boat.

I have not had time to mature my plans further than independent of the railroad. I shall proceed forthwith to push on or move divisions to Florence, so as to open communications ahead.

I may have to take some of your cavalry and more troops, but will wait for a return from you.

With much respect,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

IUKA, October 24, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

Gunboats Key West and Holly Springs arrived at Eastport all right. Notify Admiral Porter.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

