
cavalry is here to my front is well attested by many who have seen him. Either the Southern leaders are making a strong effort to retake Tennessee, or resist Grant's supposed intention to push to Atlanta, and have pushed all or nearly all their forces to Georgia and Northeast Alabama. Your late trip to Canton will have developed that, but, looking to future combinations, the time is most opportune for executing one of two, or it may be both, projects which I will merely sketch:

1. The destruction in toto of a large section of the railroad at Meridian, the larger and more perfect the better.

2. A trip up Yazoo to about Tchula, and strike from there to the railroad between Canton and Grenada, and break a large section of it, making its repair impracticable. The former is of vital importance, the latter of minor; but either would be rich in result at some future time.

All of General Grant's orders remain in force, of course, and will be respected, and I will be able to give little personal direction to events or policing on the river; but I wish you to maintain the security of the river along the west boundary of the State of Mississippi in co-operation with the gunboats, and to strike inland whenever an opportunity offers and your judgment sanctions.

I am satisfied petty trade along the river is wrong, but large trade, such as gives employment to large boats, carrying a crew of 25 men or over, will not only keep open communications, but will be an interest that will aid in the maintenance of the military control of the river.

I throw out these ideas, and leave you to do what is right. I must conduct all the force I can collect east of Florence and leave you and Hurlbut to manage the valley.

I am,&amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., October 24, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a letter just received from Brigadier-General Tuttle, commanding on line of Big Black, giving the report brought in by one of his scouts. From this you will see that there is some talk, and even probability, of the enemy trying to retake this place.

I think their number is greatly exaggerated, but from what I learned during the recent reconnaissance the force they can concentrate is quite formidable. President Davis has been with General Johnston at Meridian, and whether he came any farther west or not I have not learned.

I am pushing the new line of defenses forward as rapidly as possible, but it will require a vast amount of work to complete it.

I have not learned.

I am pushing the new line of defenses forward as rapidly as possible, but it will require a vast amount of work to complete it.

I have some scouts out, and will endeavor to keep you advised of any decided movement of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

46 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

