
[Inclosure.]

CAMP ON CLEAR CREEK, MISS.,

Hebron, October 24, 18633.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Vicksburg:

DEAR GENERAL: I have encamped my command as near the places determined on as possible. McMillen found no water either at Albertson's or Templeton's, and has made his camp at the cross-roads in rear of Templeton's. He has a good defensive position, but is not as far forward as is desirable, but after a careful reconnaissance, I think we can do no better for the present and until water is more plentiful.

One of my scouts came in day before yesterday. He has been to Canton, Jackson, Brandon, and Meridian, and reports Johnston's force, that was at Jackson when Sherman was after him, is now at those four places, and talks of retaking Vicksburg. He says there were about 15,000 infantry came in from Brandon and Meridian to re-enforce the cavalry the other day when you were out. They expressed great mortification that you returned, as they thought they had a sure thing on you. He also reports that the conscripting parties are bringing in large numbers of recruits. The officers report that they have increased their army 20,000 in the last sixty days, and that soldiers and citizens express the greatest confidence that Vicksburg will be in their hands in a short time. I have sent him and another one back, with instructions to stay with them until they commence some movement, then to let me know as soon as possible. His statement, so far as he is concerned, is undoubtedly correct, but I think everything is overrated, as they are liable always to be outside of official circles. He was with them at Jackson, and was just starting to give us what information he had, when he heard we were on the return. He says you would have met 15,000 or 18,000 at either Canton or Jackson. They thought you had started to Rosecrans via Canton. Whether that was the opinion among officers is doubtful. I will be down in a few days. When will you ben out?

Very truly, your obedient servant,

J. M. TUTTLE.

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, October 24, 1863.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: One of my scouts, just returned, reports that Chalmers will occupy the Mobile and Ohio Railroad about Okolona. Chalmers' advance was to move on the 24th for Okolona. They will leave small scouting parties, to attract attention, on the Tallahatchie. Chalmers talks of attacking the railroad between Memphis and Moscow, merely as a ruse to cover his movements east.

Respectfully, your obedient servant.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

