
work. Had it not been for the impressed hands, the depots and fortifications would have been very far short of completion.

Owing to the scarcity of hands in the country, this difficulty, and in getting teamsters, I have been compelled to give up all the free negroes impressed to work the railroad to Captain Hall to drive teams to East Tennessee. He is yet in need of more, and where we are to get them I cannot tell. The greatest and most important consideration with us all is, to feed and clothe your army; and this cannot be done without teamsters.

If the railroad is to be pushed forward, we must be supplied with hands from some other quarter to do the work here yet unfinished, and to drive teams; they can be obtained from no other quarter than the South. I have strained every point and used every means in my power to secure laborers and teamsters enough without encroaching upon impressed slaves, and I now, in the name of the people of this region of the country, who have cheerfully given us all the aid in their power, appeal to you. If you can do so consistently with propriety, ask the privilege from War Department to send to Nashville, Memphis, and other points for as many contrabands as may be necessary to carry on the work at this post, and on the railroad. Rest assured it will meet with the hearty approbation of the people in this portion of the country.

SPEED S. FRY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Stevenson, Ala., October 25, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding Twelfth Corps:

The major-general commanding has directed me to forward you the following statement of the posts and garrisons as established by Major-General Howard, commanding the Eleventh Corps: Along the line of the railroad from Tantalon to and including Bridgeport, Tantalon, three companies infantry; Anderson, four companies infantry; between Anderson and Stevenson, two companies infantry; Stevenson, two regiments and nine companies; Widow Creek, one company; Long Island, in Tennessee River, one regiment; south side Tennessee River, one regiment; the balance of his corps at Bridgeport.

Very respectfully,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

STEVENSON, October 25, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

If you have ordered Geary's division to Bridgeport in place of that of Williams, you will send one brigade of the latter to this point without delay to relieve the one of the former now here. One of the regiments is between here and Tantalon and must be relieved as the brigade marches down.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General.

