
NASHVILLE, October 25, 1863.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM:

GENERAL: As soon as the road is open I have made arrangements to have one train report to you at Wartrace, another to stop at Murfreesborough for troops. We have only two flats here and no engine. The accident south of Tullahoma has brought railroad matters to a standstill. If the guerrillas will leave us alone we will be able to fill your orders tomorrow.

Arrangements have been made in pursuance to your orders. Did you get the two box cars, and will you please inform me when you will wish them sent forward? They were ordered to be taken by this a. m. passenger train if ready. Road will probably not be open till late this p. m.

Respectfully,

WM. P. INNES,

Colonel, and Military Superintendent.

MURFREESBOROUGH, October 25, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER:

If the East Tennessee cavalry is at Wartrace, order them to this place immediately, and all of their force along the road if they can be spared. Inform them to be vigilant in coming.

WM. L. UTLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

MURFREESBOROUGH, October 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have no troops quartered in town, and never have had, except the provost guard. The Tennessee cavalry quarters about one-half mile from fortifications; Thirty-first Wisconsin quarters near the depot; Twenty-second Wisconsin in fortifications. We can get to fortifications early, if necessary. There are several hundred sick and wounded that we can't get in fortifications. We think we can lick anything that can come. Is there any immediate necessity? Is the order imperative?

WM. L. UTLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

MURFREESBOROUGH, October 25, 1863.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have just received an indirect order, purporting to come from you, to move all my forces to the fortress. My troops are now in the city. I have the Thirty-first Wisconsin near the depot on the heights handy to fall to the fortress in case of necessity. I also have one battalion of the Fourth East Tennessee Cavalry encamped just at General Crittenden's former headquarters, on Liberty pike. I have Twenty-second Wisconsin in fortress, with all the scattering troops. I think my troops are best disposed to defend the place that can be

