
a good road from near Cumberland Tunnel, via University Place, by which the wagons should be sent. People at Cowan can guide. Ruger's brigade is here, three of Knipe's ahead, and three coming up from Tantalon. One regiment ordered by General Hooker to relieve posts from Tantalon to Stevenson.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Decherd, October 25, 1863.

Colonel HENRY R. MIZNER,

Columbia:

We have information via Shelbyville that Sherman's advance whipped the rebs and drove part of them across the river. Send out scouts and get all the information you can in regard to the enemy's cavalry. We are ready to move at a moment's notice. General Mitchell desires you to furnish him all the information you get promptly.

WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARTRACE, October 25, 1863.

General MITCHELL:

There has been from 600 to 800 of the enemy's cavalry near Liberty and McMinnville for the last four days.

Citizens report this morning 10,000 of them within 4 miles of the railroad, near Fairfield. I think their cavalry are near us, but can't tell in what force. Have sent out infantry scouts, but they have not returned.

We have no mounted men here.

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAYSVILLE, October 25, 1863-7 a. m.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I sent out an expedition day before yesterday toward the fords on the river with orders to let me know at once if the enemy were crossing. I have heard nothing from them yet, but as soon as I do will let you know. It is impossible to make out any reports until I get some desks here with paper and material. I have not been able to get any of my horses shod yet. The streams have all been so high between here and Stevenson that I have been unable to get anything out except rations. I will have a few horses to-day, but they will be in the rough, and as I have no forges or anything for shoeing, it will be a slow process. I could not get out over 1,000 effective men, and if we were to move the whole command from here, we would have to abandon some 700 horses.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

