
DECHERD, October 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Report from General Crook at Maysville (7 a. m.) says, he sent out expedition day before yesterday toward enemy's forces on the river. Has not yet heard from them, though he directed them to let him know at once if they found the enemy crossing. He finds it very difficult to get supplies for his command, the streams are so high, and has no horseshoes. I supposed the railroad was in operation; says he has not over 1,000 effective men, and if ordered to leave there would have to abandon 700 horses. General Mitchell is asleep. Have you heard anything from General Stanley?

WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON,

October 25, 1863-9. a. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

Dispatch received. Rifle battery will be furnished.

Colonel Coburn reports 70 to 100 rebels attacked McMinnville last night and were repulsed.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

COLUMBIA, October 25, 1863.

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

On Tuesday last 2 men reached this place from Courtland, took the oath, and went north. They had come direct from Lee's command on Sunday, at which time they were cooking five days' rations as if contemplating a raid in some direction.

Wheeler has 6,000, with artillery; Roddey 2,000 with artillery; Lee from 3,000 to 4,000, no artillery. Lee had just come from Mississippi. They were occupying Courtland, Decatur, and Tuscumbia.

HENRY R. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding.

SHELBYVILLE, October 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General MITCHELL:

I learn just now from a very reliable source that Wheeler was recrossing at or near Lamb's Ferry on Wednesday and Thursday last and had crossed about half his command. A man by the name of Neeley had started south with his stock and met them on Wednesday, and as they were taking everything in the way of stock he returned home. I have confidence in the report.

ROBT. GALBRAITH.

NASHVILLE, October 25, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

I have returned from Louisville, where I had an interview with the Secretary of War in reference to the immediate completion of the Northwestern Railroad. He has authorized and instructed me to proceed with it as rapidly as possible. Colonel Innes, of the

