
Eugineer Corps, as you are aware, was selected by me while acting as military superintendent of railroads to take charge of the general direction of the work; he has since been superseded by the appointment of J. B. Anderson as military superintendent. I doubt this change. Colonel Innes was making a good, efficient officer, and was not under an influence at Louisville operating to our injury. I desire Colonel Innes and as many of his companions as may be needed continued on the road. The work is under way and progressing very well. We are defending it. With the little force we have driven guerrillas of and some of them out of the country. We have a large number of hands at work and could employ a great many more if we had a small force to send to the other end of the road, which would exert a good influence in driving the guerrillas from that section, and cut off an intercourse carried on by the rebels through that region. I am succeeding very well in organizing many companies to be employed in scouring the country to expel and drive beyond our lines rebels and guerrillas. General Gillem will visit you in a few days for the purpose of communicating with you on this and other subjects connected with the State. Permit me to congratulate you upon your new position. It is the one, as you know, I have long desired you should occupy. I trust and hope most sincerely that your efforts in the future will be crowned with brilliant success.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee,

October 25, 1863-4 p. m.

THOMAS A. SCOTT:

The animals with this army will now nearly all need three months' rest to become serviceable. They should be returned to Louisville for this purpose. Hard work, exposure, short grain, and no long fodder have almost destroyed them. No more ambulances or ambulance horses should be sent forward at present. Upon the present rise of water (in cipher), hay, mules, cavalry, and artillery horses, in good condition, should be pressed forward by Cumberland River to Nashville, ready to come to the army the moment it is prepared to advance, which I trust will be soon. I have cavalry and artillery horses at Indianapolis, which should remain there until the stables at Louisville are cleared. All animals coming to Louisville should have several days' careful feed and grooming before being forwarded to Nashville.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Loudon, Tennessee, October 25, 1863-11.30 p. m.

(Received 8.40 p. m., 26th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Evidence still seems to indicate that the enemy are concentrated in considerable force on the south side of the river. We can easily

