
2. The Sixteenth Army Corps, Major General S. A. Hurlbut, composed, as at present, of all the troops now at Memphis, Columbus, Corinth, and along the railroad, and of Kimball's division, temporarily detached, headquarters for the present at Memphis.

3. The Seventeenth Army Corps, Major General J. B. McPherson, composed, as at present, of all the troops now serving at Natchez, Vicksburg, and in the State of Mississippi south of Tallahatchie, headquarters Vicksburg.

II. The corps commanders will forthwith arrange garrisons for the fortified points in their respective districts, and will organize into proper brigades and divisions all other troops ready for offensive operations.

III. All officers in command of corps and of fixed military posts will assume the very highest powers allowed by the laws of war and Congress. They must maintain the best possible discipline, and repress all disorders, alarms, and dangers in their reach. Citizens who fail to support their Government have no right to ask favor and protection, but if they actively assist us in vindicating the national authority, all commanders will assist us in vindicating the national authority, all commanders will assist us in vindicating the national authority, all commanders will assist them and their families in every possible way. Officers need not meddle with matters of trade and commerce, which by law devolve on the officers of the Treasury Department, but, whenever they discover goods (contraband of war) being conveyed toward the public enemy, they will seize all the goods tainted by the transaction and imprison the parties implicated in the matter, but care must be taken to make a full record and report of each case.

When a district is infested by guerrillas or held by the enemy, horses, mules, wagons, corn, forage, &amp;c., are all means of war, and can be freely taken, but must be accounted for a public property. If the people do not want their horses, corn, &c., taken, they must organize and repress all guerrilla or hostile bands in their neighborhood.

IV. It is represented that officer, provost-marshals, and others in the military service are engaged in business or speculation on their own account, and that they charge fees for passes, permits, &c. All this is a breach of honor and of law. Every salaried officer of the military service owes every hour of his time, every thought of his mind, to his Government, and if he makes one cent of profit beyond his pay he is corrupt and criminal. All officers and soldiers in this department are hereby commanded to engage in no business whatever save their sworn duty to their Government.

V. Every man should be with his proper corps, division, brigade, and regiment, unless absent sick or wounded, or detached by written order of a competent commander. Soldiers when so absent must have their descriptive rolls, and when not provided with them the presumption is they are improperly absent. Mustering officers will see that all absentees, not away by the written order of their proper commander, are reported on the muster-rolls as deserters, that they may lose their pay, bounty, and pensions, which a generous Government and people have provided for the soldiers and officers who have done their whole duty. The best hospitals in the world are provided for the wounded and sick, but these must not be made the receptacle for absentees, who seek to escape the necessary exposure and dangers of a soldier's life. Whenever it is possible, citizens must be employed as nurses, cooks, attendants, stewards,

&c., to hospitals, in order that the enlisted men may be, where they

