
belong, with their regiments. Medical inspectors will attend to this at once. The general commanding announces that he expects the wounded and sick to have every care possible, but this feeling must not be abused to the injury of the only useful part of the army-"the soldier in the field."

VI. In time of war and rebellion districts of country occupied by our troops are subject to the laws of war. The inhabitants, be they friendly or unfriendly, must submit to the controlling power. If any person in an insurgent district corresponds or trades with an enemy outside, he or she becomes a spy. And all the inhabitants, moreover, must not only abstain from hostile or unfriendly acts, but must aid and assist the power that protects them and affords them trade and commerce. The people who occupy this department had better make a note of this and conduct themselves accordingly.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS, DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE Tennessee,Numbers 1. Iuka, Miss., October 25, 1863.

I. First Colonel S. G. Hicks, Fortieth Illinois, will proceed with dispatch to Paducah, Ky., and assume command of that post. He will take with him Lieutenant A. F. Taylor, regimental quartermaster of the same regiment.

Second. Colonel Hicks, on arrival will dispatch to Florence, Tennessee, the One hundred and eleventh Illinois, now at Paducah, if it has not already gone, and will call on the commanding officer at Columbus or Cairo for three companies, to garrison and hold the fort at Paducah.

Third. Colonel Hicks will give personal attention to the boats passing up and down the Tennessee, to see that dispatch is used, and that no contraband trade is carried on from that quarter.

Fourth. Any citizen in or near Paducah who attempts to create disorder, alarm, or danger to the peace and quiet of the neighborhood will be promptly imprisoned and reduced to subjection.

II. The entire Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, will be prepared to start tomorrow for Eastport, to cross the river and advance to Florence, with ten days' rations in their wagons.

III. Fuller's brigade, of the Sixteenth Corps, will relieve, with one regiment, the brigade now at Burnsville, and with the rest take post at Iuka till further orders.

VI. Major General F. P. Blair, jr., will assume command of the Fifteenth Army Corps.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

IUKA, October 25, 1863.

General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

DEAR GENERAL: I have got up before daylight to write you on some points. It is now manifest that all the "powers that be"

