
IUKA, October 25, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I approve your order in the matter of your telegraph this morning. Now is a good time to clear out that country. Let it be done without gloves.

W. T. SHERMAN.

CORINTH, October 25, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Iuka:

Flag of truce sent to Okolona has returned. Met Major-General Gholson, with about 1,300 State militia, on Yocona, for Birmingham. Inge and company are at Marietta. Chalmers down to Grenada and north on railroad. It seems that the State troops are being turned over to Confederate Government for temporary service, and they arrived there within four days.

Lee, who commands North Mississippi, was expected back in a few days. All those troops with Gholson were poorly and only partly armed, their only business appearing to be to collect together all the provisions in the country; were running all the mills and picketing closely all the roads. If Lee goes back, he will go down the Tuscumbia and Cotton-gin roads.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, October 25, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

Flag of truce returned. Met the enemy on Yocona, stretching from Ellistown to saltillo, Major-General Gholson in command. They are State militia come in there few days ago, some 1,300 strong. Are only half armed, and are collecting provisions, running mules, &amp;c. Inge, Davenport, and Weatherston [?] are at Marietta, picketing all the roads. Chalmers reported a good deal scattered. Gholson said he would send dispatch to S. D. Lee, who commands North Mississippi. Citizens said Lee was expected back in two or three days. Gholson has two pieces artillery.

It appears that this militia is all being turned over to the Confederate Government, and they were up there to recruit, conscript, and gather provisions. I believe two regiments of cavalry and one of mounted infantry from here would clean them all out.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, October 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am ordered by General Dodge to send a regiment to Burnsville by cars, and to march to Iuka with balance of command by tomorrow night. My artillery horses are so sore and infantry so weary that it will be very difficult to get through, as the guides say

