
the only way a train can go is via Davenport's, within a mile of Jacinto. A can reach Barnett, within 8 miles of Iuka, tomorrow night, and next morning early report in good condition at Iuka. I had to countermarch yesterday and made 29 miles, getting here at 10.30 p. m. Please answer whether I can be permitted to report Tuesday morning at Iuka.

JOHN W. FULLER,

Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Iuka, October 25, 1863.

General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

Write an urgent letter to Steele asking for Kimball's division. General Grant suggests it, and I write fully by the cars to-day.

Write me fully the reasons, if any, why we should not abandon the railroad and use the Tennessee exclusively. The Tennessee has now 8 feet of water and has better navigation than the Mississippi, and will be good for six months, certain.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, October 25, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Iuka, Miss.:

I have ordered Bingham, Macfeely, and Parker to report to you in person.

Steele has orders from Washington to send to me all the infantry he can spare.

The Tennessee River is far the best channel for supplies for Corinth and points beyond in cheapness and expedition, and everything for the Fifteenth Corps, at least, should be sent that way. The railroad from here to Corinth is a curse upon military movements. It takes more troops to hold it than would conquer Mississippi.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Iuka, Miss., October 25, 1863.

Honorable SALMON P. CHASE,

Secretary U. S. Treasury, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: By the vicissitude of war, I am again forced into the command of a department. I almost shrink from a command that involves me with civil matters which I do not understand. Politics or the means to influence a civil people are mysteries I do not comprehend, but am forced to act. Matters involving the navigation of our great rivers must necessarily fall somewhat under my jurisdiction, but I assure you I have no inclination to influence the officers of your Department.

