
I extract parts of a letter I have just written to Admiral Porter at Cairo, which express my general opinion on the main points.

My notions about the Mississippi are these: We must never again allow the enemy to make a lodgment on its banks with artillery, and, therefore, Columbus, Memphis, Vicksburg, and mouth of Yazoo must be held with troops. All else my be trusted to your gunboats, and a surplus force kept at Memphis and Vicksburg, available to float to any threatened point to prevent a lodgment. Through traffic, on large steam-boats, manned and properly officered, should be encouraged by all means. Each boat might be required to carry a gun, 25 muskets and men, and a musket-proof barricade at each bow and quarter, from which to fire. Also, the boilers might be better sheltered.

Regular packets should be encouraged to keep up daily and rapid communication, which increases a feeling of security. It brings private enterprise to aid the general purpose, viz, uninterrupted navigation of the river.

Trading boats will, of course, be regulated by the Treasury Department. I don't see as se have any right to interfere further than as to contraband of war, and, to make this more clear, you and I ought to say what is "contraband of war." The term is very indefinite, but I am clearly of opinion that the laws of war give the army and navy a legal right to protect themselves against contraband traffic and its agents.

Merchants as a class are governed by the law of self-interest, and the temptation to import and sell contraband goods is so great, that many will engage in it, but this is confined to a class of men that you and I know well. The real merchant-the man who loves his country as we do-would not ask to send down the river arms and ammunition, or anything that would endanger our lives or the lives of our command.

There are some things, such as salt for curing meats, medicines for curing wounds and sickness, that I am not so clear about and care less. If you will prepare a list of contraband and send it to Secretary Chase, I know he will make it public and save us a world of trouble.

I have announced in orders that any officer of my command who makes a cent of profit by selling permits, passes, &amp;c., or by any species of trade and speculation, is corrupt and criminal. I hear of such things, but really find few or no real cases, but I must stop scandal. Also, I contend I have a right to impress for military service any men who have run from the North and come here to make a living and avoid the draft. I will pick up a few such, and this will stop that class of meddlers and unauthorized hangers-on, that have given me so much trouble.

I beg to convey to you direct these ideas, with the assurance that I wish to make all my acts conform to the law and policy of the Government, whatever it may be, only, like many other people, having my own notions, I find it easier to execute them.

With great respect, &c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Iuka, October 25, 1863.

Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,

Cairo:

DEAR ADMIRAL: I was much gratified to hear from you yesterday and to see the prompt arrival of Captain Phelps with two gunboats. The moment I learned of the arrival I sent down an officer and escort to Eastport, where I had a regiment to watch for the boats, and brought the captain up. He spent the night with me, and we talked over matters generally. Of course we will get along together elegantly. All I have he can command, and I know the same feeling pervades every sailor's and soldier's heart. We are as one. Now I want to cross the Tennessee to reach a point where I can communicate with General Grant.

