
Captain Phelps instantly offered to ferry over my men, horses, wagons, &amp;c., but to facilitate the matter, I have sent down to Eastport plenty of carpenters, tools, and materials, to deck over one of your coal-barges to make a float on which to carry wagons and mules. The gunboats can handle my men fast enough, but it is these cursed wagons and mules that bother us. If soldiers and mules could flourish without eating, "I myself would be a soldier." It is not "villainous saltpeter" that makes one's life so hard, but grub and mules; still we will make it all right. Boats cannot yet pass Colbert Shoals, so for the time we must foot it for Eastport and Waterloo; but I will occupy both bank up to Florence and Tuscumbia, trusting in a short time to get a ferry-boat up to Florence.

We are much obliged to the Tennessee, which has favored us most opportunely, for I am never easy with a railroad, which takes a whole army to guard, each foot of rail being essential to the whole, whereas they cannot stop the Tennessee, and each boat can make its own game. I think, also we can clean out anything, except occasional shots at passing boats.

My notions about the Mississippi are these: We must never again allow the enemy to make a lodgment on its banks with artillery, and, therefore, Columbus, Memphis, Vicksburg, and mouth of Yazoo must be held with troops. All else may be trusted to your gunboats and a force at Memphis and Vicksburg, surplus and available at all times, to float to the threatened point to prevent a lodgment. Through traffic, on large steam-boats, manner and properly officered, should be encouraged by all means. Each boat might be required to carry a gun, 25 muskets and men, and a musket-proof barricade at each bow and quarter, from which to fire. Also, boilers might be sheltered somewhat.

Regular packets should be encouraged to keep up daily and rapid communication, which increases a feeling of security. It brings private enterprise to the aid of the general purpose, viz, uninterrupted navigation of the river.

Trading boats will, of course, be regulated by the Treasury Department. I don't see as we have any right to interfere further than as to "contraband of war,", and, to make this more clear, you and I ought to say what is contraband of war. The term is very indefinite, but I am clearly of opinion that the laws of war give the army and navy a legal right to protect themselves against contraband traffic and its agents.

Merchants as a class are governed by the law of self-interest, and the temptation to import and sell goods contraband is so great that many will engage in it, but this is confined to a class of men that you and I know well. The real merchant-the man who loves his country as we do-would not ask to send down the river arms and ammunition, or anything that would endanger our lives or the lives of our command.

There are some things, such as salt for curing meats, medicines to cure wounds and sickness, that I am not so clear about and care less. If you will prepare a list of contraband and send it to Secretary Chase, I know he will make it public and save us a world of trouble.

I have announced in orders that any officer of my command who makes a cent of profit by selling permits, passes,&c., or by any species of trade and speculation, is corrupt and criminal. I hear of such things, but really find few or no real cases, but I must stop scandal. Also, I contend I have a right to impress for military serv-

47 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

