
CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, October 26, 1863.

(Received 1.25 a. m., 27th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I would respectfully recommend Major General John A. Logan as a suitable commander for Sherman's corps.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Chattanooga, Tennessee, October 26, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

I arrived here on the night of the 23d, after a ride on horseback of 50 miles from Bridgeport, over the worst roads it is possible to conceive of, and through a continuous drenching rain. It is now clear, and so long as it continues so it is barely possible to supply this army from its present base, but when winter rains set in it will be impossible. To guard against the possible contingency of having to abandon Chattanooga for want of supplies every precaution is being taken. The fortifications are being pushed to completion, and when done a large part of the troops could be removed back near to their supplies. The troops at Bridgeport are engaged on the railroad to Jasper, and can finish it in about two weeks. Rails are being taken from one of the branch roads, which we do not use. This shortens the distance to supplies 12 miles, and avoids the worst part of the roads in wet weather. General Thomas had also set on foot before my arrival plan for getting possession of the river from a point below Lookout Mountain to Bridgeport. If successful, and I think it will be, the question of supplies will be fully settled.

The greatest apprehension I now have is that the enemy will move a large force up the river and force a passage through our lines between Blythe's Ferry and Cotton Port. Should he do this, our artillery horses are not in a condition to enable us to follow, and neither is our larger. This part of the line is well watched, but I cannot say guarded. To guard against this, in addition to the troops now on that part of the river, I have directed General Thomas to increase the force at McMinnville immediately by one regiment of cavalry, with instructions to collect all the provisions and forage which the enemy would have to depend on for his subsistence, giving vouchers, payable at once, where taken from loyal citizens, and payable at the end of the war, on proof of good conduct, where disloyal. As soon as the fortifications are sufficiently defensible, a division will be sent there. I have also ordered Sherman to move eastward toward Stevenson until he received further orders, guarding nothing this side of Bear Creek, with a view of having his forces in a position to use if the enemy should attempt this move. Should this not be attempted when Sherman gets well up, there will be force enough to insure a line for our supplies, and enable me to move Thomas to the left, thus securing Burnside's position and give a strong hold upon that part of the line, from which I suppose a move will finally have to be made to turn Bragg. I think this will have to be done from the northeast. This leaves a gap to the west for the enemy to get into Middle Tennessee by, but he has no force to avail himself of this opportunity with except cavalry, and our cavalry can be held

