
ready to oppose this. I will endeavor to study up my position well, and post the troops to the best of my judgment, to meet all contingencies. I will also endeavor to get the troops in a state of readiness for a forward movement at the earliest possible day. What force the enemy have to my front, I have no means of judging accurately. Deserters come in every day, but their information is limited to their own brigades, or divisions at furthest. The camps of the enemy are in sight, and for the last few days there seems to have been some moving of troops; but where to I cannot tell. Some seem to have gone toward Cleveland, whilst others moved in exactly an opposite direction.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Chattanooga, October 26, 1863.

Indorsement on letter from Major General H. W. Slocum, Twelfth Corps, asking to be relieved from duty under General Hooker:

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters of the army, Washington, D. C.

On taking command of the Military Division of the Mississippi, I found Major-General Hooker in command of the Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps. His position is one that rather embarrasses the service than benefits it, inasmuch as detaching one of these corps would leave two commanders for one small army corps. As General Slocum objects to serving under General Hooker, who has been assigned to his present command by the President, I would respectfully recommend that General Hooker be assigned to the command of the Twelfth Army Corps and General Slocum relieved from further duty.

[U. S. GRANT,]

Major-General.

ST. LOUIS, MO., October 26, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

I have sent a commissary to Eastport with 250,000 rations. Five hundred thousand more and 250 head of cattle will follow this week. These will, I presume, be sufficient for Sherman's force, unless you desire a permanent depot of supplies forwarded thence in the direction of Chattanooga. Shall a depot at Eastport be established?

T. J. HAINES,

Colonel, and Commissary of Subsistence.

DECHERD, October 26, [1863] - 1 a. m.

Colonel McCOOK:

COLONEL: Keep your command saddled all night, and stand to horse at daylight in the morning. Keep a good lookout and camp guards wide awake. The explosion was at the mountain. Rumored a torpedo blew up a locomotive.

By order:

WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

