
[Indorsement.]

Colonel CAMPBELL:

I send this order for your information. Comply with it. Return this by the orderly.

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 26, 1863-9 a. m.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM, Wartrace:

You are to command all troops stationed on the railroad from Murfreesborough to Bridgeport, both inclusive. You will pass over the line and make such disposition as you deem best, and report to these headquarters where you think it advisable to establish your headquarters. The message sent you cipher referred to your communication marked personal, which has been referred to General Grant.

By order General Thomas:

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

STEVENSON, October 26, 1863.

General SLOCUM:

Was requested to give you the following message:

STEVENSON, October 25, 1863-11 p. m.

General WILLIAMS, Anderson:

Yours of 9 p. m. just received. General Slocum, with one division (yours, I believe), is responsible for the line south of Murfreesborough to Bridgeport, including Bridgeport. No other directions have been given, save that he has been advised of how General Howard posted his troops. General Slocum will advise you, but I should think not intended, to send Ruger's brigade to Bridgeport.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

OPERATOR.

CHATTANOOGA, October 26, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

The Quartermaster-General suggests that Colonel Buell be detailed to take general supervision of all the troops between here and Bridgeport and Stevenson, and direct the repairs on the roads over which supplies are now brought.* Colonel Buell is an engineer, and even with the small force on the road, could repair the worst places so as to materially facilitate the transportation of supplies. I would also suggest that a call be made for ship carpenters and such mechanics as can work on the building of a steam-boat, and that 30, if that number can be got, be detailed on extra duty, and ordered to report to Captain A. Edwards, acting quartermaster, Bridgeport, Ala.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

---------------

*Colonel Buell so detailed by Special Field Orders, Numbers 286, headquarters Department of the Cumberland, same date.

---------------

