
ANDERSON, October 26, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Stevenson:

All of Howard's infantry has been relieved, and all of Geary's, except some near Murfreesborough. My troops are now on the way to relieve them. One of Geary's batteries is behind, but I understand on railroad train. One, or part of one, of Howard's batteries, I learn, is at Tantalon, or near it, without horses; horses at Bridgeport. It has been there, I am told, for some time, waiting railroad transportation. I will told, for some time, waiting railroad transportation. I will send the train up for it if possible.

Your dispatch ordered the batteries at Tantalon to be sent forward. I knew of none but my two batteries being there, and, of course, sent them forward. I reported to you at 12.30 o'clock yesterday that my batteries were at Tantalon.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

BRIDGEPORT, October 26, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

The general directs me to say under no circumstances make an order for any cars or trains to move General Williams' troops or batteries. Hereafter your troops will have to march to position you assign them; the road is needed for supplies.

Acknowledge the receipt of this. Answer immediately.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE Tennessee,Numbers 2. Iuka, Miss., October 26, 1863.

II. Captain O. H. Howard, chief signal officer, Department of the Tennessee, having reported for duty, will distribute his officers equally among the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, and Seventeenth Corps, and will himself, with an assistant and two field signal apparatus, report at headquarters of the department in the field.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANDERSON, October 26, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Ruger's brigade will be at Cowan this evening. It is ordered to guard from Elk River to Murfreesborough. I will telegraph him to send a regiment by first train to Christiana. The road has been interrupted to-day. Knipe's brigade is taking the posts from Bridgeport to Elk River, and is in possession as far up as Cowan. Have received no instructions from corps headquarters, except, generally, that I was to guard road from Bridgeport to Murfreesborough. Ruger will take first for all posts above; he is marching to-day.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

