
panies of the Twenty-second Wisconsin and three of the Thirty-first Wisconsin, leaving the remainder of the Thirty-first to guard watertank and depot buildings.

WM. L. UTLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CHATTANOOGA, October 26, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL:

The general commanding directs you to send two regiments of cavalry from your command, to relieve mounted troops now on duty, from here to Blythe's Ferry. One regiment will go to Blythe's Ferry, and relieve the battalion of Fourth Ohio Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Robie; the other to relieve Colonel Harrison, Thirty-ninth Indiana. Send their transportation with them, and direct them to have their wagons loaded and follow along the line of railroad as soon as possible, while the regiments push on in advance.

The detachment guarding the river below this will be relieved as soon as possible.

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH,

October 26, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Major-General SLOCUM:

My forces all inside the fortifications, except the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry and Thirty-first Wisconsin and one section Ninth Ohio Battery. The Thirty-first Wisconsin is situated on a hill about 400 yards from the fort, with a good redoubt and the section of Ninth Ohio Battery. They can easily fall into the fort, if necessary,

WM. L. UTLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 26, 1863-1 p. m.

Governor ANDREW JOHNSON,

Nashville, Tennessee:

Dispatch of yesterday received. I deem it of vital importance that the Northwestern Railroad be finished as soon as possible, and will therefore cheerfully give you as many companies from the Michigan Engineers as can be spared. General Grant informed me that J. B. Anderson had been appointed by the War Department. I sincerely hope the new arrangement will work. Colonel Innes is an energetic and intelligent officer. I shall be glad to see General Gillem and confer with him on the matters you mention in your dispatch. Nothing will give me more pleasure than to aid all in my power to restore Tennessee to the Union.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

