
discussion of the policy and measures of Government without the article is reviewed by the commanding officer at Memphis, and editor responsible for the general tenor of extracts of other papers. The manifold publications about the Collierville affair are ridiculous. My orders must not be published unless sent direct to the editor with an order of publication indorsed thereon.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CORINTH, October 26, 1863.

Colonel AUGUST MERSY:

General Dodge wishes to know from what direction Richardson is moving or in what locality the scouts understand him to be.

Respectfully,

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Iuka, Miss., October 26, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Comdg. Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tennessee:

GENERAL: By direction of the general commanding, I have the honor herewith to inclose for your perusal a copy of General Grant's letter* of date 19th instant; also a copy of telegram sent to you this evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., October 26, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

DEAR GENERAL: I am just in receipt of your letter of the 17th instant, and am gratified to learn of your safe arrival in Cairo. I presume ere this you have received a full account of the reconnaissance toward Canton, as I sent you a full report the day I returned. I am satisfied the rebels have a much larger force of mounted men in this State than we have given them credit for.

If Chalmers had from 3,000 to 4,000 at Collierville and Lee 4,000 at Tuscumbia, they have not less than 10,000, as I know there were fully 2,500, with six pieces of artillery, in front of me when I was near Livingston, all cavalry and well armed. We got some few of their arms, short Enfield rifles, with sword bayonets, an excellent weapon for fighting on foot or on horseback.

I started the cavalry off several times on side roads to make a

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XXX, Part III, p. -.

---------------

