
detour and come in on the rear flank of the enemy, but they invariably got stopped, and sent back for infantry and artillery to assist in dislodging the enemy. It is well they did not strike off for the Mobile and Ohio road; if they had they would have stood nine chances out of ten of being cut off.

There is no disguising the fact the cavalry of Cosby's and Whitfield's brigades is far superior to ours under Winslow. Winslow himself is a very good officer, though somewhat lacking in spirit and dash, but many of his subordinate officers are of no account whatever; even the horses have caught the timidity of the men, and turn around involuntarily and break for the rear as soon as a cannon shot is fired. This occurred twice on the expedition, and before any one was hurt. Winslow is doing his best to get the cavalry in shape, and make up a proper spirit. I am going to give him two rifled guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, in the place of his mountain howitzers, and I hope to see some signs of improvement.

All the information I can get confirms the report sent to you by Captain Gile, aide-de-camp, that the rebels have a very respectable force of infantry at Canton, Brandon, and other points toward days.

I learned to-day that an expedition of about 2,500 mounted men, with a battery of artillery, was organizing at some point northwest of Monroe, with a view of making a raid on the river, though I do not place much reliance on the information. It would be, however, in accordance with the instructions of the rebel Secretary of War, as contained in the letter which was captured. The fact is, general, I believe the rebels have more men in the field east of the Mississippi River to-day than we have, and they are able to concentrate them more rapidly than we can possibly do.

What shall I do with the Confederate prisoners who were left here in hospitals? There are 113 and 3 surgeons. All of them are convalescent, and can be moved, except 12. They ought to be disposed of in some way, and I do not feel like sending them out of the lines here until I hear from you.

I have presented your regards to all, and they all unite in sending their best wishes for your success. I assure you, general, nothing would give me more pleasure than to be near you, and to assist, to the best of my ability, in rendering your operations successful.

My kindest regards to all the staff, and believe me, truly, your friend,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., October 26, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HAWKINS,

Commanding Goodrich's Landing:

GENERAL: I have decided to retain the two negro regiments which you sent down here for the present, and have sent up for their camp

