
and garrison equipage. There is a vast amount of work required to complete the new line of defense for this place, and I am working all the men I can from Logan's and McArthur's divisions, as well as the negro brigade. When this work is done I will order them back to you unless there are good reasons for detaining them here. Do you hear anything more of the movements of the rebels west of Bayou Macon? It is reported that an expedition of about 2,000 is organizing at some point northwest of Monroe to make a raid on the river. You will keep on the alert, and, if possible, get information of their movements in time for us to anticipate them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

FRANKFORT, October 26, 1863.

Captain ANDERSON:

The guerrillas overrun the border and rob banks, sack towns, and pillage the people; all for want of horses, horse equipments, and arms. We have more than 3,000, and can clear the country, if the men be mounted and equipped. Can you have horses, &amp;c., furnished? Go to Camp Nelson now.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, October 26, 2863-10 a. m.

Colonel STRICKLAND,

Glasgow:

Send 100 mounted men toward and to Burkesville. It is possible they may intercept Richardson. Let them move immediately under some discreet officer.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 264. Memphis, Tennessee, October 26, 1863.

I. Pursuant to orders received from Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Department of the Tennessee, Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding District of Columbus, will cause the One hundred and eleventh Illinois Infantry to be embarked at Paducah and be transported by steamer to Waterloo, Tennessee; thence to march by land to Florence, Ala., reporting to Major-General Sherman. All public military stores will be withdrawn from Paducah and the place abandoned as a military post. The people of Paducah will be held responsible in person and in property for the maintenance of good orders and peace within its limits, and will be notified that any insult or injury offered to any Union man will be visited upon the city in the banishment of its principal men and the destruction of property.

II. The Sixth Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel Hurst, will move upon

