
Bolivar and Jackson, covering the country east of the Memphis and Ohio Railroad, and suppressing with all necessary severity the guerrilla and conscripting parties south of Trenton. They will draw supplies from the country, giving receipts, to be settled at the close of the war. No plundering or pillaging by men or officers will be allowed. Colonel Hurst will report weekly, through the commanding officer at La Grange, to the chief of cavalry. The men of this regiment will not be permitted to scatter, but will move actively in organized force. All horses fit for Government service will be taken by the quartermaster of the regiment and turned over at once to the quartermaster at La Grange, and receipts given as above. The people of the country will be informed that they must organize to put down robbers and guerrillas or be subject to the continual presence of force that will; they must co-operate with the National forces.*

IV. Brigadier General A. J. Smith will assemble all the mounted force he can spare at and near Union City and move down, sweeping the country between the Tennessee and Mississippi Rivers, in accordance with letter from General Sherman, a copy of which accompanies this order.+

V. Brigadier General J. D. Stevenson, having been assigned to this corps,

will report to Brigadier General G. M. Dodge, at Coringth, commanding Left Wing, for duty.

VI. By direction of Major-General Sherman, commanding department, the several newspapers published in Memphis are warned that they must cease publication of reports, anonymous or otherwise, of action or movement of troops within this department. No discussion of the policy or measures of the Government will be tolerated, and the editors and publishers of newspapers will be held accountable for the character of extracts published by them from Norhtern papers. Neither officers nor troops within this command will be the subject of either praise or censure through these newspapers, as neither the editors nor the correspondents have the right or the ability to give praise where deserved or to withhold it when undeserved. No order of the major-general commanding department will be published unless accompanied with an order for publication from headquarters of the department.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

October 27, 1863-2.15 p. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Chattanooga, Tennessee:

General John A. Logan has been placed in command of Sherman's corps. General G. H. Thomas has been appointed a brigadier-general, U. S. Army, in place of General R. Anderson, retired. Three Western batteries from here and a heavy battery from Wis-

---------------

*See p. 731. +See p. 732.

---------------

