
one company at Stewart's Creek, one company at stockades Nos. 1, 2, and 3 each, five companies at La Vergne, one battery of artillery, one piece at stockade Numbers 1, one piece at stockade Numbers 2, two at La Vergne, and one at Stewart's Creek.

Thirteenth Wisconsin, about 600 strong, arrived this evening. This, with the infantry at this post, is the least possible infantry force with which the duty at this post can be performed. The cavalry should be increased to 1,000 effective men to patrol the road, to escort trains, droves of cattle, droves of horses, for vedettes on the numerous pikes out of this post, and to leave a reasonable force to look after the large force of guerrillas to the west and east of this post. Hawkins and other guerrilla chiefs have not less than 1,000, and more, probably 800 men, along the Harpeth and west of it. Fifty men are reported to-night within 6 miles of La Vergne. General Hooker and commanding officer at Murfreesborough report 800 at Milton. There are in addition small bands in Wilson County, which would increase the force 50 more, making a total of 1,700. If the force at Milton is not exaggerated, I am certain the number (1,700) is a low estimate of the enemy's mounted force which this force would have to look after. Hawkins and two other chiefs to the west have been reported to me from Clarksville and other forces [places?] as high as 1,000. No reports have recently been received from my division occupying my station south of Murfreesborough. Franklin and Columbia are occupied by the Fourteenth Michigan. Two companies arrived at Franklin and eight at Columbia. If guns on fortifications are to be manned 200 artillerists will be required. I strengthened the posts between this and Gallatin with troops sent by General Boyle, now under command of General Paine, and which are to be relieved as soon as possible and returned to Kentucky.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, October 27, 1863-3.30 p. m.

Major General JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report another accident upon the road last night. The rebels placed a torpedo upon the track just south of the tunnel, and as soon as the engine struck it, it blew her up, throwing her across the track and making a complete wreck of her. I have a large force hard at work getting things righted again.

W. P. INNES,

Colonel, and Military Superintendent.

CHATTANOOGA, October 27, 1863-1.30 p. m.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tennessee:

Relieve General Boyle from duty at Louisville and order him to the field. In choosing a successor, we want a man of firmness and free from all politics and isms, one who will do his duty without fear and with good judgment.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

