
directs that the locomotive and cars be thrown into the river and pontoon bridge be swung to the north side entire, if it is possible to do so.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Camp opposite Loudon, October 27, 1863.

Brigadier-General FERRERO,

Commanding First Division, Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will have your entire command in readiness, and recross the river tomorrow morning (28th) punctually at 5 a. m. (not earlier), sending your train and batteries in advance. You will have everything over the river by 6 a. m., punctuality and celerity of movement being particularly enjoined. Your pickets will be withdrawn at the same time with those of General White's command.

On receipt of this order you will instruct you pickets to allow no one at all to pass out of the lines. Make your preparations and conduct the movement as rapidly and quietly as possible. On reaching this side of the river you will move out on the road leading to Lenoir's, halting at 1 1/2 miles.

By command of Brigadier-General Potter:

SAM'L WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JONESBOROUGH, October 27, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

One of my scouts is just in. From the information he brings, on which I rely, I am satisfied that it is a mistake about Ewell's corps, or any part of it, having come to Abingdon. They have received some re-enforcements, probably 2,000, I think not more. I have arrangements by which I think I can get information of any movement they may make.

Can I now send expedition to North Carolina for horses? I now have plenty horseshoe iron, and if we had sufficient number of horses the command, excepting clothing, could soon be in good condition.

You will please answer.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

JONESBOROUGH, October 27, 18633.

Colonel RICHMOND:

Since my telegram of this morning I have also received information that the rebel cavalry had made its appearance at Kingsport, and that about 100 had crossed the river. The statements of Burke

