
are directly at variance with the information obtained by my scouts, except as to re-enforcements, which the scouts estimate at 2,000. I have also seen two from North Carolina, from above Abingdon. On the 17th they were moving to Indiana, and state that on that day they saw those trains pass with troops for Abingdon. The trains had from 9 to 14 coaches, and filled inside and on top. The rebels claimed 10,000 re-enforcements. I cannot think their force as large as represented. I will send you soon official report of my command, as requested by the general. I have a large number of dismounted men, reaching nearly to, if not entirely, one-fourth. We have plenty of flour and beef. I have telegraphed Colonel Garrard, at Rogersville, to keep on the alert, and learn all he can of the movements of the enemy. You may rest assured I will leave nothing undone that I could possibly do to ascertain the facts, and will soon advise you and the general.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

JONESBOROUGH, October 27, 1863.

(Received 9.30 p. m.)

General BURNSIDE:

An Irishman just in from between rivers reports that a lady who lives in this town, who had been up into Virginia, came into his neighborhood late this evening, and that she reported four brigades of the enemy on this side of Zollicoffer, and also troops marching between Bristol and Zollicoffer; all moving for Carter's Station. The Irishman is entirely honest in his statements, and the approach of rebel cavalry at Kingsport to-day and the woman's statements seem to corroborate the statements of Burke.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 349. Washington, October 27, 1863.

By direction of the President, Major General William T. Sherman is appointed to the command of the Department and Army of the Tennessee, headquarters in the field, and Major General John A. Logan to the command of the Fifteenth Army Corps.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 27, 1863-2 p. m.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN

(Care General Crook, Maysville, Ala.):

I have ordered McPherson* to send forward Tuttle's division to report to you. Repeat the order, stating how you wish it to come. The order placing you in command of the Department and Army of The Tennessee has been made in Washington.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

---------------

*By dispatch of same date.

---------------

