
yesterday, and we went up to the Colbert Shoals and grounded in less than 4 feet. No boat yet at hand can reach Florence. I expect one or more daily, and should it come before you are ready to move, I will want you to send back to load up and march to Tuscumbia and cross with the whole corps-Fifteenth. But if boats should not arrive in time, I want you to send back all ambulances and light wagons, to load up and move to Eastport, there to cross over and proceed to Florence. The troops, however, and loaded wagons should march direct to Chickasaw, from which point (1 mile above) you can be crossed directly to Waterloo, saving 3 miles on the other side, and more than 10 on this.

As soon as I hear the result of your operations at the front, I will give you the orders to start, and point out these facts now that you may prepare.

We will need a good many of the wagons now with the First, Second, and Third Divisions to move ammunition, provisions, and forage to the river, but hereafter I hope all stores will come to us up the Tennessee.

Fuller's command is arrived, and Dodge's strong command will be ready to follow us close.

Ewing will be in Florence 29th. I want the whole corps there as soon as possible, and only await your return and the arrival of boats. We have a magnificent coal-barge decked over, and two gunboats, which can cross men and wagons at Eastport or Waterloo, but before you get over I hope to have some more flats and a steam ferry-boat. The moment you return, send me a courier with all news. Nothing new since my last. The enemy's cavalry attacked an Alabama (Union) regiment of cavalry 25 miles south of this last evening, the full details of which are not yet received.

It is reported at Okolona that Lee is expected back there with the cavalry that was to you front, and it may be he was on his way to Okolona when he caught this erratic Alabama regiment of ours, which had gone off on some recruiting or other errand.

Truly, yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscumbia, Ala., October 27, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: We left camp at Cherokee yesterday morning at daybreak, and found the enemy wide awake. They first resisted us at Little Cane Creek, then at Cane Creek, 1 mile beyond. They showed fight at another small creek or defile 3 miles this side of Cane, and finally at Little Bear Creek, where they had a very strong position, and as it had grown late I thought it best to encamp. This morning the Second Division made a detour to the right and crossed a mile above the railroad crossing after a pretty sharp skirmish. At the same moment, De Gress' battery went into position and opened with the 20-pounder Parrotts on them, and they left in a very great hurry, after which we entered Tuscumbia without any further opposition.

The enemy, I understand, have fallen back beyond Town Creek,

