
14 miles from here, where Wheeler is reported with some force. His force is estimated by some very large, say 14,000, of course grossly exaggerated. Lee was in command of the force which opposed us. His force at the very largest estimate did not exceed 3,000 men, with six pieces of artillery. It is said that Ferguson left them the day before and we marched, with a small force, intending to operate against the railroad. Our losses are inconsiderable, say 3 men killed and 10 wounded. The enemy must have suffered much more severely. Lightburn, in flanking them this morning, saw 4 of their dead. I have heard from several sources of many of them being killed and wounded, and find in this town Colonel Forrest and a captain and 6 privates, rebel wounded; severely wounded all of them. Dr. Bailey thinks that Forrest can be removed, and I propose to bring him in because of the conduct of the rebels in declaring their men and officers exchanged in violation of the cartel.

We shall return tomorrow morning, and probably reach our camp tomorrow night.

I forgot to say that we lost some doctors and a medicine wagon at Little Cane, in consequence of a positive disobedience of orders. They were too anxious to be in the rear. The wagon I understand was burned, and I don't care if the doctors were in it.

The country is pretty well cleaned out of everything, and these people I think are losing faith in the rebel leaders, who have promised to clean us out every step of the way. I hope you have not been molested in your operations. I will be back in time, I hope, to prevent any delay in the move.

The river is said to be falling here. It is reported here from various sources that Bragg is falling back to Atlanta.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Iuka, October 27, 1863.

Colonel D. C. ANTHONY,

Sixty-sixth Indiana, Collierville:

DEAR COLONEL: Captain Fitch has just shown me your letter. The accounts published in the newspapers of that affair at Collierville are generally ridiculous and nonsensical, and I shall stop all such trash hereafter from originating in Memphis.

Your command, of course, did all any person could expect, and is entitled to credit equally with the regulars. You will remember on leaving you I told you to make the official report, and I hope you have done so. It was your fight, not mine. I happened to drop in accidentally, and the regulars, as usual, were welcome guests, but the moment Chalmers drew off I came along on my journey. I assure you of my personal respect, and you may convey to your officers and men my personal thanks for defending their posts manfully.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

