
move east of Corinth, hold for the time being Iuka and Bear Creek, and the moment the command is fitted for the field will move forward and report to headquarters, wherever they may be. Major-General Hurlbut will make all necessary orders and dispositions to carry this into effect.

By major of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 148. Memphis, Tennessee, October 27, 1863.

I. In conformity with the spirit and tenor of General Orders, Numbers 2, current series, from headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, October 25, 1863, commandants of posts and military districts, and local provost-marshals hitherto acting under General Orders, No. 57, dated headquarters Department of the Tennessee, September 22, 1863, are relieved from the duty prescribed by that order.

Henceforward the authorized agents of the Treasury Department will alone issue permits for the purchase and sale of cotton and other products of the soil, and for the other matters incident to trade and commerce.

II. Permits hitherto granted under the above General Orders, Numbers 57, will be reported, on arrival at Memphis, to the Treasury agents, who are authorized and requested to examine the same rigorously, with a view to the detection and punishment of fraud.

III. Military officers will in all cases promptly notify Mr. Thomas H. Yeatman, special agent at Memphis, of any parties of rebel force or guerrillas in their respective limits, which may render the shipment of supplies dangerous or improper.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Iuka, Miss., October 28, 1863.

(Received 12 p. m., 30th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Blair entered Tuscumbia yesterday, and General Ewing will be in Florence tomorrow, having crossed at Eastport. I tried to get a boat over Colbert Shoals, to enable Blair to cross over, but failed. Water good up to Eastport, but not above. I will push the whole of the Fifteenth Army Corps at Eastport, and occupy Florence at once. Parish's [?], Lee's, Wheeler's, and Ferguson's cavalry are on my front and right flank. Blair drove them beyond Town Creek. Ferguson's (rebel) encountered the First Alabama (Union) Regiment, on its return from a raid, and worsted it. Details not yet received in full. At all other points we got decidedly the advantage. Railroad across Bear Creek is done, but unless I can get boats to Tuscumbia, so as to cross over, we gain nothing by repairing any more of it. Tennessee River is in fine stage up to Colbert Shoals.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Grant.)

