
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS, DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE Tennessee,

Numbers 4. Iuka, Miss., October 28, 1863.

I. This department being an insurrectionary district, and the execution of the laws of the United States being resisted by armed rebels, every citizen is liable to be called on for military service; and, if so called on, must render it.

II. Every commanding officer of a fixed military post, or of an organized brigade or division of the army in the field, may impress any citizen whatever, and may compel his services in any of the old organized regiments or companies. If the party so impressed be a conscript, according to the laws of Congress, his name will be properly enrolled by the provost-marshal-general, and he will be entitled to all the pay, bounty, and allowances provided by law; but if the individual is not enrolled on the proper lists his services will be compelled till such time as he is no longer needed, when he will be dismissed. During the period of such forced service the individual will be entitled to rations and clothing, but no compensation, in the nature of a posse comitatus called out by a United States marshal.*

III. Every officer making such forced levies will report the same, with lists, to the provost-marshal-general of this department, to be filed with the Provost-Marshal-General at Washington, D. C., and will assign them by Special Orders to old regiments and companies. Their names will be borne on the muster-rolls of the companies to which they are attached, with a remark explanatory of the nature of the service, its beginning and ending.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,DEPARTMENT, AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Waterloo, Ala., October 28, 1863-11 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I camped here last night with Cockerill's brigade. I move with it immediately to Gravelly Spring, where Corse promises to close on us this evening. Tomorrow at daylight I will move with the two brigades to Florence, and at dark start a messenger to General Grant. Loomis, with the division train, will stretch out to-night, and camp tomorrow night beyond Gravelly Spring. The passage of the Tennessee proves more tedious than anticipated. I hear of no considerable force north of the river.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH EWING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, October 28, 1863-11.30 p. m.

(Received 11.50 a. m., 29th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Burnside thinks troops from West Virginia are concentrating about Abingdon to the number of 15,000 men; also toward

---------------

*See Hurlbut to Bowers, December 28, Part III, p. 522.

---------------

