
Loudon, from Bragg's army. Present lack of supplies and poverty of stock will prevent effective assistance being given from here for a few days. Can General Kelley do anything toward Abingdon from his position? I want to hold all the ground Burnside now has, but if any must be given up, think it should not be that between him and Thomas.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 4. Chattanooga, Tennessee, October 28, 1863.

I. Major General John A. Logan, having been appointed by the President to the command of the Fifteenth Army Corps, is hereby relived from duty in the Seventeenth Army Corps, and will report in person without delay to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Department of the Tennessee, to assume command of the Fifteenth Army Corps in accordance with said appointment.

II. Major General W. T. Sherman having been appointed to the command of the Army of the Tennessee, the chiefs of the several staff departments of that army, with the exception of the assistant adjutant-general and assistant inspector-general, will report to him for orders.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

ELY S. PARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,October 28, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE S. GREENE,

Commanding Third Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that when your command reaches Whiteside's, you detach the Sixtieth New York Volunteers to hold the branch road leading to Trenton, and direct the officer in command to examine the pass and elect that position that will enable him to hold it against any force that may be sent against him. This to continue until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIDGEPORT, October 28, 1863-2 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two deserters from Twentieth Tennessee Infantry have just come in. They have been eight days in the mountains. They report that General Wheeler's whole command passed down the river on Sunday, the 25th, for another raid in Middle Tennessee. They were to cross at Guntersville, which point they expected to reach on Monday. The two cavalry regiments at Trenton left on Sunday to join Wheeler at Guntersville. This information seems reliable. They

