
also report that a portion of Longstreet's corps was moving into Will's Valley, between Lookout and Pigeon Mountains on Sunday. These deserters live near Nashville; they wish to take the oath and go home. They also report that before deserting they were at work on rafts, with which Bragg intended to destroy the pontoons at Chattanooga.

JAS. C. ROGERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel 123rd New York Volunteers, Comdg. Post.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Near Dallas, Tennessee, October 28, 1863-7 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report nothing of special interest in this locality. Colonel John Tilson, commanding Tenth Illinois Infantry, stationed at Igou's Ferry, succeeded in capturing a squad of rebels opposite his camp this afternoon. I regret that this creditable action on his part could not have been rendered still more so by larger facilities for crossing the river. The men captured consist of a quartermaster-sergeant and 4 privates of the First Arkansas Battery, light artillery. I will send them to Chattanooga early in the morning. I send inclosed copy* of Colonel Tillson's report.

My assistant adjutant-general has just returned from an examination of the roads over Walden's Ridge above Poe road. He finds a comparatively good road going up from the Sequatchie Valley, near Colonel Hickman's, and coming down on this side near Sale Creek. It is called the Hamilton trace. While the Poe road remains in its present wretched condition, I think I will send some of my teams that way.

Colonel Tillson reports that he has learned from sources over the river that a conflict has taken place at Lenoir's, and that the rebels have fallen back to the Hiwassee; also that Cheatham's division is moving up the valley.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

DECHERD, October 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Tullahoma:

General Elliott has no information of any such movements on the part of Wheeler; thinks he would be advised by Crook or Galbraith, who are in a position to know, of Wheeler crossing the river. I will order the five companies of One hundred and second Ohio to move at daylight in the morning. I have directed Colonel Rogers to telegraph his information to General Granger.

JOS. F. KNIPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

49 R R-VOI XXXI, PT I

