
TULLAHOMA, October 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatch ordering me to send one regiment to Normandy to relieve troops at tank south of there received. The One hundred and fiftieth New York will be sent at once. The One hundred and seventh New York and Thirteenth New Jersey left here at half past 6 o'clock this morning, with orders to report at corps headquarters.

THOS. H. RUGER,

Brigadier-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, October 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The troops at Bell Buckle have been six days on three days' rations. Will they be relieved, or shall I forward their rations? Acknowledge.

WM. L. UTLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

MAYSVILLE, October 28, 1863.

Major W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Gurley is captured, and a good many of his men, some thirty-odd. in all, and some killed, and they were all forwarded to Stevenson. They are now all regular soldiers of the rebel army.

The date of my commission is September 7, 1863.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, October 28, 1863-11.30 p. m.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tennessee:

The positions taken by you are, I suppose, the best that could be taken under the circumstances. I would like, however, if you could hold the line of the Hiwassee. It is particularly desirable that all the territory you now have should be held, but if any portion must be given up, let it be to the east, and keep your army so that it and Thomas' army can support each other. It is better that you should be forced from the eastern end of the valley than from the west.

Thomas is in no condition to move from his present position. He has succeeded, however, in getting possession of the river and roads south of it from Brown's Ferry to Bridgeport. It is to be hoped with this line open and Sherman up here, as he may be expected to be in a few days, Thomas will be able to place one division at McMinnville and the remainder of the corps between here and you.

I have telegraphed General Halleck to know if General Kelley cannot move out from Western Virginia to threaten any force collecting about Abingdon.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General,

