HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, October 28, 1863.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding District of Columbus, Columbus, Ky.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding corps to inform you of the decision of the general commanding department, that "with our present force we cannot attempt to re-open the northern road; "the general therefore directs that all operations upon the Mobile and Ohio Railroad by dropped. The general also directs that when you send you cavalry to Jackson, to order them, on their return, to clear the country of rebels.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., October 28, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HAWKINS,

Commanding Goodrich's Landing:

GENERAL: Numerous representations having been made to Major-General Grant, a short time before he left, that raids were being made from the Mississippi River, within your jurisdiction, across Bayou Macon, for the purpose of bringing in cotton, and in consequence of which orders were about being issued by the Confederate authorities to have every bale of cotton burned between the Washita and Bayou Macon, thereby causing the destruction of vast amounts of property to persons who are truly loyal at heart, the general directed me to say to you that you would prevent any more raids of this kind for the present. Of course if private individuals bring their cotton in from there you can permit them to do so, unless some military reasons exist at the time which render it inexpedient.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., October 28, 1863-11 a. m.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

The following dispatch was sent by Colonel Parsons on the 24th to the quartermaster at Paducah:

General Allen directs that the ferry-boat Blue Beard be ordered up the Tennessee by the first convoy, to report to General Sherman. Convoy will probably leave Cairo to-day.

I have no doubt that the boat has gone from Paducah, although the fact has not yet been reported. Captain Woolfolk, at Cairo, was instructed immediately after the receipt of your dispatch to send the first ferry-boat he could possibly procure to Eastport, and to direct that the first freight boats that went up to Eastport should be used for ferrying in the meantime, if required. I will hear more on the subject to-day. There was no ferry-boat here.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.

