HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, SUTHWESTERN KENTUCKY,Bowling Green, Ky., October 28, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The nature and importance of the subject on which I write will, I hope, be deemed a sufficient apology for addressing you directly and personally. I wish respectfully to call your attention to the unfinished railroad between Henderson, Ky., and Nashville. The route has long since been surveyed and located, the road is graded nearly all the way, and about one-third of the distance entirely completed. It passes from Henderson, Ky., through Madisonville, Hopkins County, Ky.; intersects the Memphis branch of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad 14 miles from Clarksville, and, passing through Springfield, Robertson County, Tennessee, intersects the Louisville and Nashville Railroad at Edgefield Junction, about 12 miles from Nashville, the entire distance from Henderson to Nashville being about 140 miles. From Henderson to Madisonville, 40 miles, the road is graded and several miles of track laid; from Madisonville to Hophinsville, 34 miles, but little grading has been done, though some; from Hopkinsville to the State line, 26 miles, the road is graded, and from the State line to Nashville, 40 miles, it is completed and in running order, excepting across Red River, where the trestle-work and bridge have been burned, but which can soon be repaired.

It will be observed that the distance by this route from Nashville to the Ohio River is about 45 miles less than by the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. There is no tunnel on the route. It crosses no considerable stream, excepting the Cumberland, at Nashville. It passes a considerable portion of the way through loyal communities, and is well protected on the west by the Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers, and for a considerable distance on the northeast by Green River. It passes through the richest portion of Southern Kentucky, where there are great quantities of wheat, corn, oats, and hay that the farmers are unable to get to market with the present means of transportation. I am told that many of them now have two crops on hand, particularly of wheat. Some of the finest coal in Kentucky is in Hopkins County, and by completing 45 miles more of the road, a great portion of which distance is already graded, Nashville will be in communication by railroad with inexhaustible coal-fields, and distant only about 85 miles. The coal is said to be very accessible, and will require but little labor in mining. They are now paying in Nashville, as I am informed, 60 and 70 cents per bushel for coal; but, complete this railroad to the coal-fields of Hopkins County, and any quantities of the finest coal can readily be obtained for 12 or 15 cents per bushel. Henderson is only 12 miles from Evansville, and from which place great quantities of the forage of the Army of the Cumberland are being shipped up Green River and through this place over the Louisville and Nashville Railroad to Nashville. The distance from Evansville to this place by the way of Green River is 180 miles, and from here to Nashville by railroad is about 70 miles.

The slaves in Southern Kentucky are running away in great numbers, and are seized by the military authorities in Tennessee and placed at work on the Northwestern Railroad. The citizens of that section are not only willing, but, as I am informed, exceedingly

