
anxious that their negroes should be put to work on this unfinished railroad in their own State, and intelligent men from there say that if notice were given that hands were wanted to complete the road, the owners of the negroes in several counties, the disloyal as well as the loyal, would in a week's time cheerfully furnish negroes enough to complete the road in a month from the State line to Henderson, and without any more cost to the Government than the rations and clothes of the negroes while at work. It is said they would gladly have their negroes taken for this purpose. Many of the citizens of Southern Kentucky regard slavery as done for, and they say if their negroes could be used to complete a work of such importance to them, as well as the Government, they care but little if they then go. General, I hope that in consideration of the importance of the subject you will pardon any impropriety in this lengthy communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CICERO MAXWELL,

Colonel Twenty-sixth Kentucky Volunteers, Comdg. S. W. Ky.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 29, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Chattanooga, Tennessee:

Lieutenant Meigs is the only engineer officer in General Kelley's department, and cannot possibly be spared. Captain Comstock will soon be able to report to you. I have received General Burnside's dispatch of the 27th. I fear the road from Nashville cannot supply both your armies. Cannot supplies for Burnside be sent up the Cumberland to Burkesville, or above, on flats, towed by light steamers? Burkesville is only 100 miles from Kingston, with a hard mountain road-so reported. I do not think that Ewell's corps has left Lee's army. Can you not, by a flank movement from Chattanooga on Cleveland, cut off Bragg's railroad communications to East Tennessee? If this could be done it would prevent a concentration on Burnside.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, October 29, 1863.

(Received 6.30 a. m., November 1.)

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Last night the Eleventh Corps hotly entered on this central campaign. General Geary, some 4 miles up the Lookout Valley, being attacked by Longstreet, the Eleventh Corps about 1 o'clock marched to his aid. Passing two steep wooded hills, about 150 feet in height, they received a volley from a rebel force, which had occupied and intrenched their summits. After dark four regiments assaulted the east hill, and without firing a shot steadily advanced by the light of the moon, and drove the rebels out of their rifle-pits and down the other slope of the hills. Thirty-one dead soldiers attest the difficulty of the assault and valor and steadiness of the

