
I am disposed to credit them. Sunday evening, the 11th instant, they left the rebel force at Courtland. Before leaving they were told of Wheeler being re-enforced by Lee's command, reported at 5,000. General Martin told his artillery officers to "fix up the artillery-to lose no time,"saying" the raid is only about half over." They heard their brigade surgeon say in effect the same thing. The rebels were collecting all the boats from above at Lamb's Ferry. From the estimate of these boys they could collect about ten boats, the capacity of each about a dozen men and horses. Steele, a rebel conscript officer, stated that on the 21st instant all the boats had disappeared from points above Lamb's. Wheeler got across to west side with eight pieces, two of them Napoleon guns. They had some surplus mules, but no horses; but few horses could be procured in the valley about Courtland. It would take "about four weeks to recruit the horses so that they would be fit to go on another raid." Plenty of corn in the valley. They had mules enough to mount all the dismounted men. Roddey was still on this side of the river when the young men left.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commmanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Maysville, October 29, 1863-8 p. m.

Colonel ELI LONG,

Second Brigade:

COLONEL: It is reported that General Wheeler is about crossing to this side of the river, in your vicinity. Keep patrols going so as to keep you informed of any movement; also ascertain whether the river is fordable at any point.

Have your dismounted men sent from Stevenson to Nashville to report to Major Baird, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, who will be there in a few days. He started yesterday with old horses.

By command of Brigadier-General Crook:

B. H. MOON,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 29, 1863-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General GRANGER, Nashville:

The guerrilla, Captain Gurley, who killed McCook,*was captured by Crook. A dispatch from Stevenson to-day says he was sent, with other prisoners, to Nashville to-day. Keep him securely; we may be able to convict him of murder. Report his arrival.

By order:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol, XVI, Part I, pp. 838-841.

---------------

