HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH CORPS,Tullahoma, Tennessee, October 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Wartrace:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the major-general commanding the corps, the following memorandum report of the position of my troops on the railroad from Bridgeport to Elk River Bridge, both posts included, a report of the remaining portion of our line having already been made:

1. At Bridgeport and toward Stevenson, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers and Battery M, First New York Artillery. The battery will be posted at Bridgeport as soon as it can be transported by rail from Decherd. The horses have gone on by mountain path from Anderson. Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers, One hundred and twenty-third New York Volunteers, commanding post at Bridgeport.

2. At Stevenson and vicinity, Twentieth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers and Battery F, Fourth U. S. Artillery. The battery will be posted at Stevenson as soon as it can be transported by rail from Decherd. The horses have gone on by wagon road from Anderson. Colonel Samuel Ross, Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers, commanding post at Stevenson.

3. At bridges from Stevenson to Anderson and at Anderson, Third Regiment Maryland Volunteers. Each bridge is guarded by one company of this regiment. Colonel J. M. Sudsburg, Third Maryland Volunteers, commanding post at Anderson.

4. At bridges from Anderson to Tantalon and at Tantalon, One hundred and forty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers. Each bridge is guarded by one company of this regiment. Captain S. T. Allen, commanding One hundred and forty-fifth New York, commanding post at Tantalon.

5. At Cumberland Tunnel and Cowan, Fifth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, eight companies. Colonel W. W. Packer, Fifth Connecticut Volunteers, commanding post at Cowan.

6. At Decherd and vicinity, six companies Forty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Foulk commanding, Colonel Selfridge being president of general court-martial to meet to-day at Tullahoma. Brigadier General J. F. Knipe, First Brigade, commanding post at Decherd.

7. At Elk River Bridge, four companies Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers. This detachment is under orders to remain here temporarily only. A map of defenses and more precise details of strength at each post will be forwarded as soon as they can be prepared.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

BRIDGEPORT, October 29, 1863-5 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

W. L. Riley has just come in from the enemy's lines. He is a Kentucky man, and represents that he has passed through, the entire rebel army within the last four days. He says Cheatham's division was sent to Charleston, Tennessee, on Saturday. Two division of Pem-

