
berton's old corps were at Dalton at the same time en route for same place. He also heard it said that Breckinridge's corps had been ordered there yesterday. Bragg moved fifty-eight pieces of artillery over Missionary Ridge toward Chickamauga Station. Hood's division was the only rebel force on Lookout Mountain. They were throwing up rifle-pits last night. There were three regiments rebel cavalry yesterday near Summerville-Seventh Alabama, Eighth Confederate, and Ninth Kentucky. Heard at commissary department that rations were issued daily for 82,000 infantry. He wishes to be employed as a spy at headquarters.

JAMES C. ROGERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel 123rd New York Volunteers.

LENOIR'S, Tennessee, October 29, 1863.

(Received 10.10 p. m., 31st.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington,

Major-General GRANT, Chattanooga:

The following dispatch has just been received from Colonel Byrd, commanding at Kingston, which is forwarded for your information:

KINGSTON, Tennessee, October 29, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have just received this report from Louis Patterson, a private in the Sixty-fifth Indiana, who lives in Meigs County, on south side of river, who left your headquarters on last Monday, the 26th. He says:

"The forces that attacked Wolford were 5,000 of cavalry and three regiments of infantry, commanded by Brigadier-General [Colonel] Morrison. Stevenson's division, 5,000 strong, were at Sweet Water on the 28th. Cheatham's division, numbering 15,000, were at Athens, or above there. These were all the forces above the Hiwassee. The rebels are at work on the bridge at Calhoun, and are destitute of salt, or nearly so. One regiment of cavalry is 3 miles from Tennessee River, up the creek, 3 miles from the mouth of Seewee. Four hundred others are 5 miles from the river, 8 miles above the mouth of Seewee. this information was obtained within 8 and 15 miles from Athens, in McMinn and Meigs Counties, yesterday and last night. I received it through my father, from W. G. Laff, a major in McKenzie's regiment of rebels. He is my brother-in-law, and his family are at farther's. He knew nothing of me being in that county when he gave the information to my father; also, substantially the same facts were received from David Hutzell, an intelligent, reliable Union man."

I am well acquainted with Mr. L. Patterson, who made the above statement, and know him to be reliable. He adds, he heard distinctly heavy firing in direction of Chattanooga at 2 a. m. and daylight this morning.

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding.

I cannot vouch for the truth of these statements, but they agree substantially with the reports I have been getting for some days. That there is a considerable force moving in this direction there can be no question. If such is the case the force in front of Thomas must be materially weakened. I have removed the forces at Loudon to this side of the river, holding the heights commanding the town. If the enemy were to succeed in crossing the river below, it would be impossible for me to concentrate the forces that are now in the eastern part of the State to join Thomas, but unless they have pontoon trains with them I can probably prevent them from crossing. i am drawing the forces back from the eastern part of the State gradually, and the enemy's cavalry follows on after them. A rapid retreat of our forces in the eastern part of the State would probably cause us to lose our communication with Cumberland Gap, and also many

