
trains now on that route, and no other route is now practicable without troops to assist over the bad parts. If you should think it desirable at any time for me to order all the trains back that have not yet arrived at Cumberland Gap, and make a rapid concentration at Kingston, I think it can be done if the enemy's movements are not too far advanced, and even should he be he could not well prevent us from getting there unless he had a very large force; or we can concentrate and fight him at a part where we can meet him under the most favorable circumstances, and do our best to hold him in check until Thomas can attack Bragg and probably defeat him; but in case of disaster we could try to make our way to some of the mountain passes which we could hold until supplies could come to us. The concentration would probably be at Knoxville. Our great trouble lies in the shortness of supplies; but we have nearly ten days' salt on hand, and probably as many days of beef cattle, and will probably receive more before an attack can be made. Our cavalry has suffered a great deal from constant service along so extended a line; but I have held this long line in accordance with what I considered to be the spirit of the instructions from Washington, as well as their wishes, and it would be a sad thing indeed to have to give up this country. I had already designated General Willcox for the command in Kentucky, but if you direct it General Rousseau can be ordered to the command. I beg to say that I very much regret the ordering of General Boyle from his present work, as he seems to me almost essential to its prosecution, as he is so intimately identified with the work now being carried on under previous orders in Kentucky. I have always regarded him as a most faithful, fearless, and efficient officer, and in all my intercourse with him I have never discovered any disposition in him to meddle with politics, except that he ran for Congress.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Near Loudon, October 29, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The enemy are about to occupy Loudon, from appearances. I respectfully suggest that the train intended to carry away the balance of the bridge be sent down as speedily as possible, as the loading will be attended with some trouble, under fire, should the enemy open.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 29, 1863-1 p. m.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT, Memphis, Tennessee:

It is of great importance that the telegraph line between Corinth and Columbus be put in working order. General Dodge says he has no troops at Corinth to open the line. You must help him and see that the line is kept open.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

