
and also ready to embark so soon as the boats had landed the river force and crossed to the north side. The artillery was also halted in the woods during the night, and was to move down and go into position as soon as the boats had begun to land, to cover the retirement of our troops in case of disaster. The equipage for the pontoon bridge was also ready to be moved down to the river so soon as the troops were across. Axes were issued to the troops, to be used in cutting abatis for defense so soon as the ridge was gained. General Hazen was to take the gorge and the hills to the left, while General Turchin was to extend from the gorge down the river.

The boats moved from Chattanooga at 3 a.m. on the 27th, and, thanks to a slight fog and the silence observed, they were not discovered until about 5 a.m., when the first section had landed at the upper point, and the second section had arrived abreast of the picket stationed at the gorge. Here a portion of the second section of the flotilla failed to land at the proper place, and, alarming the pickets, received a volley. Some time was lost in effecting a landing below the gorge, and the troops had hardly carried it before the enemy began the attack. The boats by this time had recrossed the river, and Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon, First Ohio Volunteers, in command of the remnant of the brigade of General Hazen, was rapidly ferried across, and, forming his men quickly, pushed forward to the assistance of the troops under Lieutenant-Colonel Foy, Twenty-third Kentucky Volunteers, already hard pressed.

The skirmish was soon over, and General Turchin, who followed Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon, quietly took possession of the hills assigned to him. So soon as the skirmishers were thrown out from each command, the axes were set at work felling an abatis, and in two hours the command was sufficiently protected to withstand any attack which was likely to be made. So soon as the last of the troops were across, the bridge was commenced and continued under some shelling for an hour or so, and was completed at 4.30 p.m., under the vigorous and skillful superintendence of Captain P. V. Fox, First Michigan Engineers, and Captain G. W. Dresser, Fourth Artillery.

Six prisoners were taken and 6 rebels buried by our command, and several wounded reported by citizens,and among the wounded the colonel of the Fifteenth Alabama Volunteers. Twenty beeves, 6 pontoons, a barge, and about 2,000 bushels of corn fell into our possession. Our loss was 6 killed, 23 wounded, and 9 missing.

The artillery placed in position was not used, but credit is due Major Mendenhall for this promptitude in placing his guns. To Brigadier-General Turchin, Brigadier-General Hazen, Colonel Stanley, Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers, who had the superintendence of the boats and was zealous in his duty, and to Captain Fox, First Michigan Engineers, all credit is due for their zeal, coolness, and intelligence. Captain Dresser, Fourth Artillery, and Captain P. C. F. West, U. S. Coast Survey, rendered every service on my staff. Lieutenants Klokke, Fuller, Hopkins, and Brent, of the signal corps, were zealous in the discharge of their duties, and soon succeeded in establishing a line of communication from the south side of the river.

I inclose the reports of the various commanders.*

Respectfully submitted.

WM. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Chief Engineer, Comdg. Expedition.

---------------

*A map of the country in vicinity of Brown's Ferry, made to accompany this report, will appear in Atlas.

---------------

