
command of a large department, and with so much to do just now, may seem longer than necessary, but sailors will spin long yarns-it is part of their nature.

I inclose you certain general orders* that I have issued at various times, showing you my desire to act in accord with the army. I hope if any of my "Bashi Bazouks" run counter to them, that you will do me the favor to attach no blame to me. I sent you a large barge or two to make flying bridges with, but am sorry to say the boat Lexington had to drop them. I will still get them up to you.

With best wishes, I remain, very truly and respectfully, yours,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

P. S.-I have just received a notice from the Secretary of the Navy that the Marine Brigade and ram fleet was turned over to General Grant, and, of course, it is in your department. The general and myself came to one conclusion long since, that the brigade should be broken up, the vessels used as transports, and the officers and men put on shore. I cannot tell you of all the reports made to me against the brigade. Its robberies and house-burning are shameful; and though I felt it to be my duty to report all the matters that came to my notice, yet a feeling of delicaey toward a branch of another corps prevented my so doing. Moreover, the Ellets have been guilty of some very dirty, underhand work toward myself, in publishing contemptible articles in the papers, which I never noticed beyond exposing the parties to General Hurlbut, and having the progress of the editor suddenly arrested. In these transactions the Ellets were guilty of gross falsehoods in making malicious statements, and lied deliberately in afterward denying them. I made the editor show them up, as they deserved to be. Still I never took any notice to them of the matter, but lost my respect for the whole party, and was glad to get rid of the command. They are here now doing nothing. The quartermasters can scarcely raise vessels to transport provisions, while these brigade vessels are idling away time at great expense. I do hope you will break up the whole concern as General Grant intended to do. The country will be served by so doing. These are the very vessels wanted in the Tennessee as transports. With a guard of 10 men and their wooden protections against riflemen they can go and come as they like.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, Tennessee, October 29, 1863.

Lieutenant HILLIER,

Comdg. Detachment of Ninth Illinois Cavalry:

You will proceed immediately to La Fayette, Tennessee, and, if you find the railroad bridge destroyed and cannot find the men who did it, you will promptly arrest every man and lad in that neighborhood and send them here. You will then burn down every house in that vicinity.

By order of Brigadier General Thos. W. Sweeny:

THOS. G. MORRISON,

Major, and Chief of Outposts, Second Div., 16th Army Corps.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

