
CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, October 30, 1863-10 a. m.

(Received 6.40 a. m., November 1.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Carthage will probably be the best point on the Cumberland River from which to get supplies to Kingston. Burnside has been directed to collect all the supplies he can from the country, and ought to be able to get the bulk of what he will use for the winter. The Nashville and Kingston Railroad will be used, if too much repairing is not required. Soon as supplies reach us I will turn my attention to destroying all chance of the enemy's attacking Burnside from the southwest.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commmanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 30, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Comdg. Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: The best wagon route for General Burnside to supply his army at Kingston will be from a depot at Carthage. The road from that place to Kingston runs along the eastern bank of Caney Fork, through a fine forage region, from Carthage to Sparta. A depot of forage can be made there to supply trains on their way to Kingston and back to Carthage. The road from Carthage to Kingston is graded, and runs over a barren region, generally hard gravel and firm. The Caney Fork is also navigable as far as Sligo Ferry in the winter, which will decrease the land transportation to about 60 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,October 30, 1863.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have just received information from parties here, whom I deem reliable, that in a few days we shall be sorely pressed. My informants state that a force of 10,000 of the enemy, with 12-pounder artillery, is on Lookout Mountain, preparing to descend to attack our right flank, and that a like force will attack your left. I send you the information and would like to see you and Major-General Hooker, if convenient. I would call upon you early, but there being no other general officer here, I deem it not proper to leave. I desire to consult with you upon matters of utmost importance. I send you a man named J. W. People, who gave himself up, and who can furnish you valuable information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

