HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, October 30, 1863-6.15 p. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

I would like to have General Cruft instructed to relieve the regiment of General Geary's command at Shellmound (in the pass) and direct the commanding officer to join General Geary, via Whiteside's, as soon as Crook's cavalry are in advance sufficiently to communicate timely information to make it safe for the regiment to move by the same route we came. I would also request that from the brigade of General Cruft at Bridgeport or Shellmound the regiment of General Howard's corps at Battle Creek be relieved and ordered to join him, via the bridge at Shellmound. If these orders are given please advise me. I presume you can reach General Cruft via telegraph to Jasper or Bridgeport. Also to relieve the detachment at Whiteside's (a regiment of General Geary's) by at least 500 men, proper instructions to be given to the troops posted at the passes this side of the river to intrench in strong position. The troops relieved to be instructed to draw and march with three days' rations from the depots where they are when they move to join. Without knowing the views of the engineers on the subject, from a personal examination of the line necessary to guard effectually the entrance to the gap into this (Lookout) valley, in my opinion it will not be less than 3 miles in length, requiring an unusual amount of labor to make necessary slashings and throwing up the earth-works.

I would, therefore, like to have the assistance of my whole command for these services. I would like to have the engineer officer, who is to point out the line, report early tomorrow morning.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 30, 1863-11 a. m.

Brigadier-General CRUFT,

Shellmound:

Send the brigade at Shellmound to Bridgeport. A wagon train is expected to pass from Bridgeport to-day. Escort in through to General Geary with a portion of the brigade that goes to Whiteside's.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

J. J. REYLNOLDS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 30, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Bridgeport:

If Crook's cavalry has not passed Bridgeport to join General Hooker, give the commanding officer this order: Make a reconnaissance toward Trenton, and then report to General Hooker.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General Chief of Staff.

50 R R-VOI XXXI, PT I

