
MAYSVILLE, October 30, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

Had a party down to Claysville yesterday. They reported Wheeler on the opposite side, but not crossing. I will keep a close watch on him.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FIRST DIV., RESERVE CORPS,Tullahoma, Tennessee, October 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

First Division, Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with your request, I make a statement as to the McMinnville railroad:

The whole distance is 35 miles from Tullahoma. About 4 miles from Tullahoma there is a trestle-work bridge some 50 feet long. At Manchester, 12 miles from here, there are two bridges, a small one some 70 feet long, just this side, and a large one, just beyond the town, some 300 feet long and 50 feet high. There are two small bridges some 7 to 9 miles farther along toward McMinnville. Three miles this side of McMinnville there is a bridge some 100 feet long, now destroyed. Beyond this bridge is the only locomotive on the road, somewhat damaged. McMinnville is at this end of a mountain pass, and, if held, strongly commands quite a range of country, the extent I do not know. At McMinnville are stationed part of two cavalry regiments, I am informed. Report says that they have gone, for what time and where I do not know. The Nineteenth Michigan Infantry is also there. I am informed there is no artillery there. The telegraph line is repaired and an operator expected to-day. There are no good fortifications at any point.

Yours, very respectfully,

JOHN COBURN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,October 31, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, with the suggestion that as one of Colonel Coburn's regiments is at McMinnville, another be sent to guard the other bridges of that railroad.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, October 30, 1863-noon.

(Received 11.55 p. m., November 1.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I left Iuka yesterday morning. Sherman moved yesterday across the Tennessee at Eastport. Ewing's division was in Florence yesterday. John E. Smith was to cross yesterday. Blair, with Osterhaus and Morgan L. Smith. having penetrated to Tuscumbia and

