
artillery, will pass into West Tennessee, and, being joined by the many guerrilla bands there, will move rapidly on Paducah and Fort Henry. I do not think he will try Columbus. In view of this state of affairs, with the railroad threatened in front and rear and on the left flank, I should not hesitate to abandon it as far as Moscow or La Grange, were it not that General Grant has ordered Tuttle's division to move instantly from Vicksburg, via Corinth, to Stevenson.

This compels the holding of Corinth as a depot of provisions as supplies for their movement. I had hoped to have received troops from Steele before this, and addressed him a request ten days since. I have just heard from him, and he declines moving them without an order from General Schofield. That order passed through this place five days since, and I may hope for a brigade in about ten days from this date.

I send these details that the general-in-chief may fully understand my position here and my belief that before the troops from Arkansas shall reach me the railroad communication will be broken. Every effort on my part will be made to prevent this result, but it may reasonably be expected.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

WATERLOO, ALA., October 30, [1863.]

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE, Corinth:

The rains make the passage of boats very bad. One gunboat has gone back to see what delays the ferry and other boats expected. I am now at Waterloo. Ewing's division is at Florence, and John E. Smith has the boat, but the pouring rain makes it terrible to handle the wagons. All are impressed with the necessity of haste, but we can do no better. I want to hear how you are getting along. I am now satisfied that Eastport and the shore opposite are the best places for us to hold. Eastport, with a gunboat in the river and a regiment intrenched on the hill, will be impregnable. I have made an order for you to leave a regiment there and two guns, which you had better bring out from Corinth.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 30, 1863-10 a. m.

(Received November 1.)

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Can you get supplies from Carthage if sent there by boat? They can be sent from Nashville to any point on the Cumberland you designate, where boats can go. I will order your clothing to McMinnville, if you have not already designated another route, and order the commanding officer there to send them by wagon to river or cross valley to meet trains sent out by you. If they take this route I will inform you of the exact day they will leave McMinnville, so that you can arrange to meet them.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

