
our cavalry thinks that the rebels crossed the creek at some ferry higher up and passed around near us, when they made for the railroad. His lieutenant thinks they came directly from the east, and then went back by same route. Both officers agree that Roddey was in command, and they think the force was not less than 1,000. The rebels were at the creek an hour ago, too strong for the force I sent out.

General Dodge's instructions, just received by telegraph, forbid my sending a regiment or two with section of artillery to the creek.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN W. FULLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

The engineer train is here, so we are not hurt by damages to railroad. Two regiments came in by train from the west. General Dodge has just told me to say, "Let Blair destroy the bridge over Bear Creek before he leaves." Probably the rebels have done it already.

CORINTH, October 30, 1863-10.15 p. m.

Colonel J. W. FULLER:

Early in morning send following dispatch to General Sherman, at Waterloo:

I am getting along as well as can be expected. Will have most if not all of my troops in Eastport and Iuka by Sunday night. I may be delayed at those points by my trains and want of commissary stores, but hope not. Will be prepared to carry out orders in relation to force at Eastport, but please leave such orders that it will never be without protection of gunboat, and if you have any spare intrenching tools leave a few for me. Also, inform me by return messenger whether I can depend upon any commissary stores at Eastport. I think it will be well to have one of the companies of the regiment left. Mounted scouts if from all parts of south show that no force of any account is north of Okolona.

Chalmers is south of Oxford, and it is pretty quiet north of us toward Jackson, and will push with all my power and get across as soon as possible. We weather delays me; also the railroad. Enemy have fallen back east of Buzzard Roost tonight.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, October 30, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Comdg. Seventeenth Army Corps, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I send you important dispatches from Grant. I am reduced to the minimum of force. I have barely 6,000 infantry and artillery. Everything tends to Chattanooga now. Relieve me if you can be a demonstration on Meridian and Selma. My railroad will be broken within ten days.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

