
MUNFORDVILLE, October 30, 1863.

Colonel STRICKLAND, Glasgow:

Keep scouts out to ascertain if rebels are concentrating. If they attempt to move into the State, be ready to send every available man in pursuit, and not stop until they are captured or whipped. If necessary, they can press horses and saddles, returning them when done with.

Keep me advised of every movement.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE Tennessee,No. 5. Waterloo, Ala., October 30, 1863.

I. Pursuant to instructions of the general commanding the Division of the Mississippi, the Fifteenth Army Corps, and the command of General Dodge will cross the Tennessee with as much expedition as possible, and move east, via Florence, Huntsville, &amp;c., to meet further orders.

II. Eastport will be considered the head of navigation of the Tennessee for the present, and all transports will be discharged there, or held subject to orders. The marching columns will leave their sick and all incumbrances at Eastport or Waterloo, subject to further orders.

III. General Dodge will designate a regiment to hold Eastport, and will instruct the commanding officer to intrench the position on the hill over the town. He will detach two guns with ammunition for the use of the garrison at Eastport.

IV. The senior officer of each of the ordnance, quartermaster's, and commissary departments, now present with the army, will designate an officer of his department to remain at Eastport and take charge of the stores of their departments that may be left there or that may arrive by the river.

V. Colonel Siber will collect all invalids or sick men left behind, and organize them at Eastport, and the ordnance officer will issue to them arms and ammunition, on the requisition of Colonel Siber, or whomsoever may have charge of them. The medical officer will also designate one or more medical officers to remain with the sick, with the necessary medical supplies.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Numbers 102. Knoxville, Tennessee, October 30, 1863.

II. Colonel Frank Wolford, commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division, will move at once with all the effective cavalry of his command and one section of artillery to Maryville, Tennessee, where he will take position and scout to the front as far as Little Tennessee River. The ineffective force will be left in Knoxville to be refitted.

By command of Brigadier-General Manson:

R. C. KISE,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

