HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, October 31, 1863-1.10 p. m.

Brigadier-General CRUFT:

Your dispatch of to-day just received, and I am directed by the major-general commanding to reply that you will remain in position at Whiteside's until further orders. You will select such point as will enable you with your command to defend the passage through the mountain against any force that the enemy can send against it. The general is informed that an engineer will soon lay out the works deemed necessary for its perfect defense, and when this is done it is expected that your command will do the work that will be necessary to complete them. The general desires that you will make a thorough examination of all roads and by-roads in your vicinity leading from Newton to the river, and put out pickets sufficient to prevent them being made use of by the rebels. If you have any cavalry he desires that you will dispatch it in the direction of Newton to collect all information relating to movements of the enemy, his numbers, position, and intentions, and, if of value, to report all such information; that you will look for corn and forage, and procure as much for your animals as practicable. Your rations you will be required to draw from Bridgeport, unless landed at some nearer point. The general desires that all detachments, batteries, and transportation belonging to the Eleventh and twelfth Corps may be sent forward without delay whenever you deem it safe for them to pass over the road. He suggests that no trains be allowed to pass without at least a regiment to guard them. You will make requisition at Bridgeport for one hundred axes, twelve picks, and twelve spades. Further instructions will be sent you hereafter.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, October 31, 1863.

Brigadier-General GEARY,

Commanding Second Division, Twelfth Corps:

The general commanding directs me to say that you will leave one of your regiments in your present position, and post the balance of your command on the line now being established. Rations have arrived at Kelley's Ferry. You had better send your wagons there for them and for forage. Select suitable shelters within your new line for your depot. Send a staff officer to report to General Butterfield, who is now with the engineer establishing the new line. They will be found on the right of it.

Very respectfully,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General.

CHATTANOOGA, October 31, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General SLOCUM:

General Hooker desires a report how and where you have posted

