
Burnside. Their convalescents and trains are following up. The general impression among the citizens is that Bragg will not fight in front of Chattanooga. This report of Mrs. Whiteburg is taken from a written statement of Major Robert S. McNabb, a Union man, who lives over the river and has opportunities for learning the movements and intentions of the rebels.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CHATTANOOGA, October 31, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

It is reported on [reliable] authority large force of Bragg's army is moving toward you. Do you hear anything of such a move?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, October 31, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Major-General GRANT:

There are indications that a heavy cavalry force of the enemy is crossing the Little Tennessee, and advancing up the south side of the Holston, with a view of breaking through our lines or passing by our left flank, and in too great force to be resisted by our cavalry as at present disposed. I am sending a force to resist the advance, and may be able to check them. If it were possible for Thomas to make a demonstration with his cavalry against Bragg's left it would probably cause the withdrawal of this force. The disposition of affairs, with this exception, remains as I advised you in my last dispatch.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

LENOIR'S, October 31, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

All quiet at Leiper's Ferry. Pennebaker has moved off; has some 30 or 40 missing, and lost more horses. The enemy active, driving in stock and arresting citizens. They were scouting all along the other bank of the river last evening.

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

GREENEVILLE, October 31, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Following just received from Colonel Garrard:

'

CAMP 8 MILES FROM KINGSPORT,

October 30, [1863.]

Brigadier-General SHACKELFORD,

Greeneville:

I moved my force up to Kingsport yesterday. A part of it was sent to Moccasin Gap[and Estaville, and a part across the north fork of Holston, 3 miles out on the Reedy Creek road. There was no enemy within reach, nor did we hear of any.

