
to market and to procure family supplies, while we can shut down on smuggling and make all conform to the public interests of a military character. If you give such an order please send it to me as soon as you can, and I will notify the Paducah authorities.

I shall send a gunboat down this morning, but will detain her till I can hear from you, and get what mail you may wish to send. She will reach Paducah in twenty hours, and, if you desire it, I will send her through to Cairo with your dispatches.

We captured some men, horses, arms, and saddles.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. PHELPS,

Commander Sixth and Seventh Divisions, Miss. Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Collierville, Tennessee, October 31, 1863.

Colonel EDWARD HATCH,

Comdg. Cavalry Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

SIR: Your order to send a company to La Fayette is received and complied with. The battalion at Quinn and Jackson's Mill we still continue, but I learn from good authority that Chalmers is preparing an expedition expressly to capture them. We have no force at Mount Pleasant, as it is impossible to keep one there and furnish pickets to this place. We have now,including the force at Quinn's Mill, over six companies on duty every day. We have all the guard duty and picketing for this post, which, from the nature of the country, requires a large force. I wish to inquire if it will not be policy to relieve the force at Quinn's Mill, as the enemy can cross either above or below and cut them off effectually.

I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

G. W. TRAFTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Illinois Cavalry, Comdg. Post.

MEMPHIS, Tennessee, October 31, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel TRAFTON,

Collierville, Tennessee:

Keep a sharp lookout. Notify the battalion at Quinn and Jackson's Mill that they are in danger. They must not occupy the same ground more than twenty-four hours at a time.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

MEMPHIS, Tennessee, October 31, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Corinth, Miss.:

You will immediately, on the receipt of this, move with your entire available force to La Grange, taking with you a full supply of ammunition and two days' rations and blankets. Upon arriving at La Grange, bivouac your command and report to me by telegraph. Make

