
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 193. Missionary Ridge, October 22, 1863.

I. The general commanding announces to the army with pride and satisfaction two brilliant exploits of our cavalry:

* * * * * *

II. On the 20th instant, the cavalry under Colonels Dibrell and Morrison attacked the enemy in force at Philadelphia and captured 700 prisoners, 50 wagons loaded with stores, 6 pieces of artillery, 10 ambulances, and a lot of mules, horses, and other property. The enemy was driven to his defenses at Loudon, and is reported as completely routed. Too much praise cannot be given Colonels Dibrell and Morrison and the brave command under them for the dash and daring displayed in the expedition so completely successful. Such blows dealt the enemy in quick succession are no less honorable to our army than indicative of future success.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Adjutant-General.

No. 5.

Reports of Maj. General Carter L. Stevenson, C. S. Army, commanding division, including skirmishes at and near Sweet Water, October 23,26, and 27, and at Leiper's Ferry, October 28.
HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION,Near Tyner's Station, November 12, 1863.

COLONEL: Agreeably to orders received from army headquarters on the 17th ultimo, I proceeded to Charleston, Tennessee, arriving there with a portion of my command about 2 p.m. on the 19th ultimo. The failure of the railroad officials to carry out the arrangements and obey the orders relative to the transportation of the troops, and the delay caused thereby, have been made the subject of a special communication to the commanding general.

Immediately upon my arrival at Charleston I gave the following directions to Colonels Morrison and Dibrell, commanding brigades of cavalry:

Colonel Morrison with his whole effective force, re-enforced by Colonel McKenzie's and Major Jessee's commands, will move so as to reach the rear of Philadelphia by daylight to-morrow morning and be prepared to co-operate with Colonel Dibrell, who, which his effective command, will advance so as to attack the enemy, supposed to be at that point, at daylight. Should the enemy not be found at Philadelphia the commands will seek and capture, or drive him across the Tennessee. Having routed the cavalry they will move on Loudon, and should the force of the enemy's infantry there be small, will attack and carry that place. In that event Loudon will be held by a sufficient force, and suitable scouts be sent up the river for information with regard to the enemy in that direction. Colonel Morrison will send a select force of 150 men, in command of a suitable officer, to destroy the ferry at Kingston. He will also detail from his command two companies to picket the river on our left flank.

The movement directed was at once commenced, but owing to the difficulty in crossing the Hiwassee at the ford by which Colonel Morrison moved, the attack was not made until as late as 1 p.m. on the 20th ultimo. For a time the resistance was stubborn, the enemy making a gallant fight, but finally they broke and fled in the greatest

