
no less due to the brave men, the sergeants, corporals, and privates under their command, who so gallantly disregarded danger and put forth their utmost strength to such good purpose. They did not have arms in their hands to repay the enemy in kind, nor charge upon the enemy to excite and nerve them, but stern duty was well performed regardless of danger.

I regret to record the loss of 3 men of the Thirty-third Ohio. Corpl. John W. Gillilin, Company I, was killed; Private Henry Pierce, Company B, mortally wounded; Private Elijah Conklin, Company C, slightly wounded.

Your obedient servant,

T. R. STANLEY,

Colonel.

Lieutenant CAMPBELL TUCKER,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G. to Chief Engr. of Dept.

No. 6.

Itinerary of the First Division, Fourth Army Corps.*

Until the 24th day of the month division remained in camp at Chattanooga, strengthening our defenses, making heavy details for fatigue duty, and performing the ordinary routine of camp and office work.

On the 24th, the general (Palmer) received orders to march with two brigades-the First, General Cruft, and Third, Colonel P. S. Post commanding (Colonel Grose being sick), and one battery, Fifth Indiana-at 2 o'clock the next morning on the north side of the river for Rankin's Ferry, at which point we should find a pontoon bridge; to guard the bridge and co-operate with General Hooker, who had been ordered to the same point by the south side of the river. Our march was over Walden's Ridge. The road was barely passable for loaded for three days. The march was tedious and most difficult. With the assistance of the soldiers, the headquarters and regimental wagons were all up the mountain before night of the 25th. We encamped about 2 miles from the top of the hill and 8 from Chattanooga. At this point we met a train going to Chattanooga, and took from it a temporary supply of provisions and forage. The artillery and ammunition did not succeed in getting up the mountain until some time the next day.

After we got up the ridge we took the ridge road, leading from Bennett's to Bob White's and coming into Sequatchie Valley at Prigmore's. We found this quite a good road, with the simple exception of crossing the gorge made by Suck Creek. We made very easy marches, waiting for the artillery and ammunition. Encamped the evening of the 26th on the immediate brow of the hill overlooking the valley,and the 27th at Prigmore's, at the foot of the mountain. At this point General Palmer turned over the command of the division to General Palmer turned over the command of the division to General Cruft, in consequence of the painful condition of his wound, which had greatly annoyed him during the march,

---------------

*From return for October.

---------------

6 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

