HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier FIRST DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS.

Camp Clark, October 20, 1863.

Major FULLERTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEAR SIR: The fog this morning has been so dense that I have delayed reporting until it cleared. The enemy had forces upon the island yesterday. If I had transportation for men to [do] it, I would throw a force on the island that would hold it at all hazards. I should like to be supplied immediately either with boats or boards and tools to make them. Since last report wagons, supposed to number 300 or 400, were heard moving over the mountain,and yesterday evening a large number of pack-mules were seen being driven over Lookout, in the direction of Bridgeport.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. C. WHITAKER,

Brigadier-General., Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, October 20, 1863-2.45 p.m.

Just received.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of Major-General Thomas.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, commanding.

STEVENSON, October 20, 1863-1 p.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

No tidings from Sherman's command. Had the Huntsville railroad examined yesterday. Find that the bridges over the Flint and Paint Rock Rivers can be repaired by a company of engineers in about one week and not four, as I was previously advised. Have asked Colonel Innes if the engineers can be spared for the purpose, not knowing but that the road might be of great use in the event of Sherman's advance in that direction. I am informed that the steamer at Bridgeport cannot be completed before Sunday next. The transportation for the Twelfth Corps commenced leaving Nashville this morning. As I am not permitted to make use of the railroad, I cannot move any considerable portion of it without wagons, except the necessity is pressing.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT

October 20, 1863-8.05 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE.

Knoxville:

The juxtaposition of the sentence in your dispatch* relating to Colonel De Courcy and that reporting the march of the regiments

---------------

*See Series I, Vol XXX, Part III, p. 501

---------------

