
of infantry of 52 miles in sixty hours caused the impression that that officer was in command of those regiments. Please return the letter of thanks, which will be submitted to the Secretary of War, and his instructions asked as to the necessary corrections. The Secretary of War deemed the rapid march of the troops in question worthy of notice.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT WHITAKER, OPPOSITE LOOKOUT,

Near Chattanooga, October 21, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The sentinel on duty at one of the batteries in the fort reports having seen a brigade of the enemy with wagons and ambulances passing up Lookout, westward, this evening late. They can pass to a certain point and then over and out of range of shell as far as we observe. A great number of mules with packs and panniers or baskets also passed this evening. It all took place late. This is the information detailed me by my adjutant on my arrival from headquarters. The sharpshooters wounded one of Aleshire's men severely, not seriously, from the mountain this evening. The force, if any, on the island is reported very small this evening; thought to be foragers. The boats were so heavy that Captain Fox could not

get them loaded to-day. Would be very hazardous to attempt to haul one of those boats with the roads so slippery.

Respectfully,

W. C. WHITAKER,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, October 21, 1863-8.40 p.m.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of Major-General Thomas.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND.

Chattanooga, October 22, 1863-10 a.m.

Brigadier-General SPEARS:

It is reported that the enemy threaten to cross at Cotton Port Ferry. The general commanding desires to know what information you have on this point and how your forces are disposed. Give a full report as soon as possible.

Very respectfully,J. J. REYNOLDS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

