HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 22, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM P. INNES,

Nashville:

General Hooker reports that the railroad to Jasper is ready for the tracklayers to commence work, and that he shall need, in addition to track, materials for three switches and one water-tank. Push the work as much as possible.

By order of Major-General Thomas:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Sale Creek, Tennessee, October 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.:

SIR: The enemy are reported crossing at Muddy Creek, 6 miles below Cotton Port, and that one regiment of infantry are already across. The dispatch is from Lieutenant Carr at Washington. The general, with remainder of Fifth Tennessee Infantry and two sections of artillery, has gone go that point, and ordered Colonel Cooper to leave a guard sufficient to picket at Blythe's Ferry, and proceed to re-enforce. I am directed to remain here and forward information rapidly to you and other points of ours. We need force above which is contained in the account of last night and to-day.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN B. WELSH,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Sale Creek, Tennessee, October 22, 1863-8 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have no news from the general up to this hour. As far as the report of Lieutenant Carr is concerned, I cannot think it possible for his statement to be correct about the enemy crossing below Cotton Port. Lieutenant-Colonel Klein dispatched this noon that he was at Spence's farm, 2 miles from cross-raods (Smith's), and would be there until rations reached him. Since noon I have had no news from him at all. He is much nearer to Muddy Creek than Lieutenant Carr, and would certainly have reported any indications of the enemy's attempting to cross. One of our clerks, Mr. Morgan, who is acquainted with the locality, informs me that there is no ford at Muddy Creek: and without they have used pontoons or boats, they could not have crossed, as stated by Lieutenant Carr. In either of these last events our river patrols certainly would have had information to that effect. No such information is received from them, for their reports are all to the contrary, giving everything as

