
for some stringent measures to repress the growing evil, which threatens to work serious injury to our cause.

On Thursday, the 8th instant, 4 soldiers, professing to be from Strawberry Plains,and one, calling himself Jeff. Bull, and understood to belong to the Eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry, visited the house of John Nance, a citizen of Grainger County, Tennessee, on the pretense of searching for arms. They told Mr. Nance that they understood he had money, and demanded $10 apiece, which being refused them, they procured an ax and split open his bureau, but were disappointed in not finding any money. They then demanded Mr. Nance's only horse, which he refused to surrender, whereupon they threatened to hang him, but were finally dissuaded, and went away. On the 16th instant an armed force of 7 men again visited his house during his absence, abused his wife, demanded to know where her husband's money was, and threatened to burn the house over her head. They then helped themselves to wearing apparel and other articles and went away. Mr. Nance states that such things are common in his neighborhood, and cites numerous examples.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. P. CARTER.

Brigadier-General, and Provost-Marshal, East Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Anderson's Cross-Roads, Tennessee October 23, 1863

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Excessive rains during the day have rendered the passage of the mountain at this place exceedingly difficult and tedious, and the number of wagons are in consequence accumulating. All the assistance possible is being rendered by the force here under my command. It will take several days' good weather to put the road in anything like passable condition.

I forwarded by courier this morning copy of report from Lieutenant-Colonel Cahill, commanding Sixteenth Illinois, at Bob White's., stating that the road had been cut out to Burnett's. I have issued no order as to the movement of trains, for fear of confusion expecting that general orders for their movement are issued from department headquarters. The Sequatchie was fordable at 4 p.m., but rising rapidly.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JAMES D. MORGAN.

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY.

Camp near Williams' Island, October 23, 1863.

Major WILLIAM McMICHAEL.

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Cumberland:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report considerable firing by the sharpshooters of the enemy on yesterday. Their firing was principally directed to the small extent of exposed road from the point where

