
the new road begins to ascend the hill, and the courier post at Williams' house, and was well directed; they reach the road with their bullets easily. If the firing to-day is as heavy as yesterday I shall be forced to again move camp. The enemy seems to be in small squads along the entire length of the river to Big Suck Creek, though they manifest no disposition to cross the river.

I am, very respectfully,

H. K. MILWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. ANDERSON CAVALRY, ROBERSON'S PLANTATION,Sequatchie Valley, October 23, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Department of the Cumberland.

COLONEL: Having returned last evening from a scout with a small detachment of my regiment through the upper part of the Sequatchie Valley and the coves in the mountains dividing this valley form the Tennessee Valley at Post Oak Springs, near Kingston, I deem it proper to report that i consider it practicable to obtain, with proper energy, a sufficient number of cattle and sheep in that belt of the country to feed the army at Chattanooga for several weeks. And I would suggest that in case the wants of the army render it necessary, a small mounted force be sent there, with directions to seize and receipt for all sheep and cattle fit for meat, excepting yoke cattle and milch cows. If necessary I can furnish from my regiment the mounted force necessary to do this. I also think that a considerable amount of wheat might be seized in the same region and ground at the numerous mills in this valley into flour for the use of the army; and if the corn is more necessary for subsistence than forage, it might be made into meal. Country ox-teams could be used to haul the wheat to mill.

Lieutenant Window, of the Seventy-third Illinois Regiment, Sheridan's division, has in four days collected in this valley in a few miles above and below Pikeville (a country which had already been foraged over) 350 head of cattle and over 100 head of sheep, with a force of but 15 men. He has exhibited so much energy, and has been so successful, that in case the scarcity of meat still exists at Chattanooga, he should be detailed to obtain fresh beef for the army from this country. If the several division commanders send out their detachments for this purpose, the distribution will not be as equal throughout the army as it should be. I have ventured to make these suggestions, without being aware that such an urgency exists as to render it necessary to adopt them, resulting,as such adoption would, in nearly stripping this country of the means of subsistence for the citizens.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

WM., J. PALMER,

Colonel, commanding.

OCTOBER 23, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Knoxville:

Your telegram of 22nd received. Have telegraphed to know if pontoon train now on hand, and ordered before the battle of Chick-

