
amuaga by General Rosecrans, is needed. If not I shall send it to the point you have indicated. I have been told there are some rough pontoons near Nicholasville and at Stanford. If so, these are available for your purpose and will be forwarded. Am pushing on the railroad all I can. The great difficulty is in providing the necessary labor. I have already written you several letters by mail on this subject. If the citizens of Kentucky do not object, could not contraband laborers be ordered to the road by the Government? General Fry has already necessarily crippled railroad operations by you. To-night I hope to go to Louisville to see General Boyle as you direct. Has the Government yet authorized the purchase of railroad iron?

J. H. SIMPSON,

Major and Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 24, 1863.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: In accordance with the request of the commanding general of this army made to me this a.m., I have the honor to submit the following information and suggestions:

First. The dirt road from Shellmound via Whiteside's to Lookout Mountain. Valley is a singly track, just wide enough for one wagon.

It is a bad road in good weather, but practicable. In inclement weather it will, of course, become much worse, but I am not prepared to say it will become entirely impracticable, though I incline to that opinion.

Second. I think it will be necessary to have a force at Wauhatchie, to guard the river and prevent the enemy from striking it by the roads which lead down Lookout Mountain Valley to the ferries below. These roads are practicable for the movement of troops of all arms. A brigade taking advantage of the strong ground in the vicinity of Wauhatchie and intrenching itself at once, would probably answer this purpose, if there were troops in supporting distance.

Third. There is strong ground from defensive purposes at Parrish's (it is where the dirt road from Shellmound via Whiteside's falls into Lookout Mountain Valley), where a strong division ought to be posted. It should intrench itself. This position is 1 1/2 miles form Wauhatchie. A sufficient force holding it would in a great measure command Lookout Mountain Valley, and check any force coming from the direction of Trenton. It should pos itself with its rear toward Whiteside's and secure its flanks against the spurs of the mountains in rear of it-spurs of Raccoon Mountain.

Fourth. It would be necessary to have a force at Whiteside's, to prevent a movement of the enemy down Murphy's Valley to get in rear of the force at Parrish's. A brigade, well intrenched, ought to answer this purpose.

Fifth. Of course it would be necessary to guard Shellmound securely against an attack from the direction of Trenton.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

