HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Sale Creek, Tennessee, October 24, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I have the honor to render the following report, with all the information learned since making report of yesterday:

From dispatches received from all of the points at which we have guards and pickets, everything is quiet. Major Gamble, Sixth Tennessee Infantry, in command of forces at Cotton Port, reports that the rebels have been crossing the river in small squads of 2 and 3, and have interfered with our courier-line. It was by this means that Colonel Clift and 1 courier were captured and carried across the river. This crossing has been done above Cotton Port, some 6 miles.

Four deserters came into our lines at Blythe's Ferry, and were sent into headquarters here to-day. They report that the rebels, 20,000 cavalry and 6,000 infantry, have gone up the river in the direction of Loudon, and that they left Chattanooga front on Monday last. Three of the four are known here, and are said to be Union men, having been pressed into the rebel service only eight weeks since. They appear to be honest in what they relate concerning the movements of the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Dickerson, commanding, passed here this evening with Tenth Michigan Infantry and one section [Fifth] Wisconsin Battery, en route for Smith's Ferry. The lieutenant-colonel reported for information concerning the locality to which he was ordered, and by reference to a sketch of that section he was thoroughly informed. His camp to-night is 2 miles beyond Sale Creek, at what is called the "Camp-ground." Rations in part and forage were furnished him here. He move forward to-morrow morning. The distance from this point to Smith's Ferry is 21 miles. I regret exceedingly to announce the appearance of one new case of small-pox in quarantine this morning. The case first occasioning this establishing of quarantine is fast recovering. Statement forwarded last evening gives the number of men in quarantine 110. The rain that has fallen in the last two days will place the river beyond all possibility of fording, and is even now too deep to be safe.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. WELSH.

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECHERD, October 24, 1863-5.30 p.m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Stevenson:

General Mitchell has reliable information that Wheeler has crossed at Lamb's Ferry and that Lee has joined him. Shall I stop march of my division? Ruger's brigade will be at Tantalon to-night.

A. S. WILLIAMS.

Brigadier-General.

53 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

