
DECHERD, October 24, 1863

General WILLIAMS,

On Passenger Train, Cowan:

The order for your division to move is countermanded. Remain where your are for the present, and take measures to stop your wagon train. Make the best disposition to guard the railroad temporarily. Detailed instructions will be sent you to-morrow. Please acknowledge.

By command of Major-General Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, Tennessee,

October 24, 1863.

Major J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your order of the 17th instant, to send a regiment to McMinnville, came here on the 22nd instant,and was immediately forwarded to Colonel Gilbert, Nineteenth Michigan, who will reach McMinnville to-day. The railroad is not completed to that place, and supplies may have to be drawn form Murfreesborough. There is also now at McMinnville a force of some 300 Tennessee cavalry.

The force at Murfreesborough now is weaker than ever before, the Nineteenth Michigan being withdrawn. There are seven companies of the Twenty-second Wisconsin there, three being at Normandy. The Eighty-fifth Indiana has been ordered to Duck River bridge by General Slocum, so that if to-day the Twelfth Corps moves south there will be no guards form Duck River to Stone's River. There is no cavalry force to patrol the road. Last night, about 5 miles south of this place, the rebel cavalry, 70 in number, tore up the track, which caused a train with eight cars to run off; Captain Sligh, of the Michigan Engineers and Mechanics, lost both his legs; the cars all badly smashed. Ferguson threatens with 600 mounted men on the east near McMinnville. I fear much interruption and damage unless cavalry is supplied to chase these fellows away. A rail torn at any point throws off a train. A negro, captured by the rebels last night, and who escaped this morning, says they say they intend to stop the running of cars on the railroad. He says they told him General Roddey was some miles west of this place toward Fayetteville.

Yours, very truly,

JOHN COBURN,

Colonel,&amp;c.,

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,October 27, 1863.

Respectfully referred to department headquarters.

G. GRANGER.

Major-General, Commanding.

