
WARTRACE, October 25, 1863.

General WILLIAMS:

The major-general commanding directs that you continue the march in the advance regardless of all orders countermanding.

He has telegraphed to General Hooker for instructions.

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARTRACE, October 25, 1863.

General A. S. WILLIAMS:

The major-general commanding directs that you send one regiment and a battery to Bridgeport and one regiment and a battery to Stevenson at once. This arrangement will be permanent. Knap's battery only goes with General Geary.

H. C. RODGERS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARTRACE, October 25, 1863.

General WILLIAMS;

Your division will occupy the road from Bridgeport to Murfreesborough. Do you want all your train sent forward? If so, to what point? I should think it better to have part of it at Tullahoma, as it will have to come back this way.

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANDERSON, October 25, 1863-12.15 p.m.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch received. I understand that all troops of Eleventh Corps and Geary's are to be relieved at Tantalon and Anderson and at the bridges between and in this vicinity.

I will have it done as soon as I can get an order to my troops now at Tantalon. There is no telegraph station there. The troops here and vicinity I can relieve at once. The batteries are at Tantalon. Roads extremely bad and artillery moves with difficulty.

A. S. WILLIAMS.

Brigadier-General.

ANDERSON, October 25, 1863-12 m.

Colonel W. W. PACKER,

Commanding at Tantalon:

COLONEL: Pursuant to orders General Williams desires you to relieve all the guards of the Eleventh Corps and General Geary's division you find at Tantalon and Anderson and between those point. From the best he can ascertain the present position of the troops to be relieved by you is as follows:

Tantalon, three companies One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania; three bridges between Tantalon and here, three companies, One hundred and thirty-sixth New York.

