
Anderson, three companies One hundred and thirty-sixth New York, first bridge below Anderson, one company One hundred and thirty-sixth New York.

This will take one entire regiment, and it should be a good one.

You will move the other two regiments and the batteries to this point at once, and report to General Williams at this post for further orders. You can relieve the troops referred to as you come along, as the railroad track is the best way for the troops to come, keeping a guard with the batteries, which will not have to leave the track a great distance.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

S. E. PITTMAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-General Hooker's orders are that as fast as these troops are relieved they shall march to Bridgeport.

S. E. PITTMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STEVENSON, October 25, 1863.

Brigadier General A. S. WILLIAMS:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Hooker to send the third Maryland and One hundred and twenty-fifth New York to Bridgeport. Have done so. Also to relieve one of Geary's regiments by the Twentieth Connecticut, which I am about doing. The advance of the Twentieth is just arrived. Any orders for me will find me at the Alabama House.

J. F. KNIPE,

Brigadier-General, First Brigade.

ANDERSON, October 25, 1863-1 p.m.

Brigadier-General KNIPE,

Alabama House, Stevenson:

General Butterfield orders troops of Geary and Eleventh Corps to be relieved from Tantalon to this place including bridges below this. I have directed Packer to make the details and march the rest this way. Where have you sent Twentieth Connecticut? This side or below Stevenson?

General B. also orders three regiments and a battery to Stevenson for duty. Are these wanted besides Twentieth Connecticut?

A. S. WILLIAMS.

Brigadier-General,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,October 25, 1863.

Colonel LOOMIS,

Burnsville:

I have ordered forward one regiment of Fuller's brigade to Burnsville. On its arrival move to this place with your whole brigade, marching by land. I want you to arrive to-morrow certain.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

