
CORINTH, October 25, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Scout returned from Union City. Met Faulkner's command, consisting of Wilson, Newsom, Greer, Bell, and Franklin near Huntingdon. They were 1,000 strong and going north rapidly to attack Murray, Mayfield, and other points in that part of Kentucky and Tennessee, intending to obtain stores and commissaries. Major Kizer, with one battalion of rebels, is at Lexington. Faulkner's stragglers left White Oak yesterday following him up.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to Brigadier General A. J. Smith, Columbus, Ky., by steamer Anderson, October 25, 1863.)

MAYSVILLE, October 26, 1863.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

I will send men as directed. They will have to go 35 miles out of the way in order to get over the Paint Rock River. I would like to retain this mounted infantry in my division, and if possible retain my division, together with the present organization of my division. Altogether I would have about 4,000 men, with which I could hold my own against all the rebel cavalry they could bring against me in this department.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

MAYSVILLE, ALA., October 26, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

A wounded prisoner captured yesterday and brought in to-day states he was wounded at Bear Creek, and reports General Sherman had completed the bridge across the Bear Creek and part of his force had crossed. I expect to hear very soon from him, as I sent escort to find him some days ago.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS,October 26, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I had occasion to fire a couple of shell from Naylor's battery yesterday afternoon about 3 o'clock at a detachment of the enemy engaged in throwing up an earth-work on the east slope of Lookout Mountain, to the right of the huge rock projecting over or near the road running up the mountain, and directly opposite the point on which is posted Naylor's battery and which is used also by a signal

