HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, October 27, 1863.

Major J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

MAJOR: The enemy have moved one of their camps on Missionary Ridge directly in my front. The troops passed over the ridge. The size of the camp was about one brigade. They are now moving artillery over the ridge on the same road. There are, also, wagons moving very rapidly along the crest of the ridge from our right to left.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER, 27, 1863-2.45 P. M.

Respectfully forwarded.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES.

Anderson's Cross-Roads, Tennessee, October 27, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Yesterday 51 wagons passed over the mountain and 81 to-day. There are remaining at this place 140 wagons. The general supply trains are more trouble than all others. Mr. Lettler is here with one of 32 wagons; he has been 8 days coming from Stevenson. He has 9 wagons loaded with ammunition, the balance with salt and bacon. More than half of his teams are broken down and worthless. The ammunition will cross in the morning. Sequatchie fordable at this point. Forage getting very scarce and difficult to obtain. One company of Tenth Ohio Cavalry, returned from scout up the valley, report guerrillas in the vicinity of Pikeville. Lieutenant-Colonel Cahill, in command of Sixteenth Illinois Infantry, reports that on south side of Tennessee, opposite Kelley's Ferry, a rebel picket station, and that from information received he thinks that three regiments of rebels are at or near Lookout Station. I am doing all I can with my small force to assist trains over the mountains and repair the road.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 28, 1863-11 a.m.

Brigadier-General MORTON,

Shellmound, via Bridgeport:

Your telegram to General W. F. Smith received. Communicate with General Hooker, and, if he deems it safe, move the pontoon bridge to Rankin's Ferry to-morrow. If General Hooker should

