
want the co-operation of the force at Rankin's Ferry now under General Cruft, they must join him via Shellmound. Notify General Cruft that the bridge is finished at Shellmound.

By order of General Thomas:

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

BRIDGEPORT, October 28, 1863-10 p.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The steam-boat moves off very well-slow, but will improve as her machinery wears smooth. Thirty-four thousand rations are shipped in barges alongside her. A slight alteration in a rod and a steam gasket, and she will try her first trip. The machinist promises she shall be off at or before 1 o'clock, unless detained by fog. I think she will make Rankin's Landing by daylight. If very foggy, and there is every indication of it, she will be compelled to lie by until sunrise. I will have other barges loaded, ready for her on her return. No forage on hand to-night to ship. Will send some to-morrow if possible.

W. G. LE DUC,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

MURFREESBOROUGH, Tennessee,

October 28, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: On the 7th instant, at Farmington, Middle Tennessee, Brigadier-General Crook, commanding Second Cavalry Division, charged me with endeavoring to thwart his plans, and placed me under arrest; the next morning he ordered me back to this place, and directed me to wait here for further orders. I have now been here for three weeks, but have received no orders of any kind. I have had command of a brigade since before the advance from Nashville in December last, and during that time have captured three pieces of artillery and twice as many prisoner as I have had effective men in my brigade, and have been three times recommended for promotion by Major-General Rosecrans. During my two years' service I have been engaged in eighty-four battles or skirmishes, in which blood has been drawn, and I do think that I have performed my duties as a soldier too zealously and faithfully to be now cast aside like a piece of useless furniture. I declare the charge against me to be entirely false and without foundation, and most respectfully ask the major-general commanding to grant me an immediate court-martial or court of inquiry.*

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. G. MINTY,

Colonel Fourth Mich. Cav., late Comdg. First Brig., Second Cav., Div.,

---------------

*See foot-note, Series I, Vol. XXX, Part II, p. 668.

---------------

