
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Murfreesborough, Tennessee, October 28, 1863.

Approved and respectfully forwarded.

WM. L. UTLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Rankin's Ferry, Tennessee River, October 28, 1863- 6 p.m.

Major-General. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland:

Your dispatch of 26th instant, ordering me to assume command of the First Division, Fourth Corps, was received through division headquarters at 6.30 p.m. on yesterday at Prigmore's house, foot of the mountains. General Palmer immediately placed me in command. According to orders I marched at 5.30 a.m. to-day and reached here with head of column at 10 a.m. The artillery and train (except the ammunition train) have arrived this afternoon. The dispatch of Colonel Goddard, dated 26th instant (by signal to Bob White's), directed to Major-General Palmer, was handed me by him. On arriving at this point the detachment of cavalry, Captain Wells (Second Michigan), was promptly relieved as ordered at 10 a.m.

A detachment of 100 men was sent also promptly to Love's Ferry, opposite Shellmound. Soon after starting the command in the morning dispatches were received from Brigadier-General Morton that he had a pontoon in process of building, and later that it could be crossed. My orders were imperative to go to Rankin's and report from thence to Major-General Hooker. General Morton, in addition to his written communications, sent me a verbal statement that the enemy were making some demonstration in the Nickajack Valley from the direction of Trenton: that there was a large force at Trenton, and that he deemed the pontoon guard insufficient. At 2.30 I sent to report to him four regiments, and will send a section or half battery from the artillery here during the night, if he deems it necessary from any threatening demonstrations. It is, say, 4 miles from here to Shellmound. The rations of this command expired this evening. According to orders from Major-General Palmer I took from a passing train under, charge of Lieutenant Ferguson (Pioneer Brigade) partial rations for two days, receipting for same and giving him an order on the commissary of subsistence of the division at Chattanooga for a like quantity out of stores he has. On arrival here I reported to Major-General Hooker by dispatch, sending via Shellmound, and (in duplicate) by crossing an orderly at this point on raft. It is probable that his orders will reach me very soon. He passed this point on yesterday and is reported to be at Whiteside's.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,Fort Whitaker, October 28, 1863.

Major FULLERTON, Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Army Corps:

The batteries from Fort Whitaker effectually prevented the enemy from using the main road over Lookout and the railroad. They

