
attempted it several times. They passed by a road diverging from the main road at the two large rocks, passing southeast toward the white house, going around and between it and the summit of Lookout at the upper edge of the clearing. Not less than a division passed there. They were mixed troops. The space over which they had to pass in view was short, but the range of the batteries was so good that they did not attempt it but once in column; the balance passed in groups of 3 or 4, and on a run generally.

Over 150 men assembled at the water-tank, mouth of Chickamauga, for the purpose as we supposed of taking the railroad or preventing our troops from taking Lookout (which might have been done.) by that route. They were driven off by the batteries. The entire range of hills skirting on the river above Brown's Ferry should be held by our forces, otherwise eligible positions can be obtained for the enemy's guns to operate on the pontoon bridge. It is true these positions are quasi under range of Fort Whitaker, but heavy embankments thrown up in the night would, in a great measure, if not entirely, protect them. The sharpshooters, of the enemy at the Narrows did not retire till late last evening and then only partially. They went down the river around the point of Raccoon. Over the top of Raccoon north to the right (as you face it) from Pass Gap (the gap opposite the pontoon bridge), it is 5 miles across to the river; a good fair road leads to the summit of the mountain . A citizen informed one of my front skirmishers that it could be made available for wagons. He was sent to General Smith. Immediate steps being taken, the river could be secured across the mountain. My men who were on top of Raccoon report fires and the presence of troops (whether friend or foe they did not know) on the opposite side of Raccoon, next the river. I have sent to have the boat at the Narrows raised. Have not heard from there since 9 o'clock. Shall I move the picket from the island? I think it should be guarded, and that the Narrows should also, to keep them from crossing from around Raccoon to this side. Since beginning the above the enemy have opened fire on Fort Whitaker with three heavy guns. They have works caseated, and have the range tolerably well. I think they will endeavor to pass troops over the lower road and the railroad, but I think we can keep them off.

Most respectfully,

W. C. WHITAKER,

Brigadier-General, commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Anderson's Cross-Roads, Tennessee, October 28, 1863.

Captain T. W. MORRISON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Fourteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: A few days since I had the honor of reporting the whereabouts of First Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. Since then the following change has been made: The Tenth Michigan Infantry has been moved to Smith's Ferry, some 30 miles up the Tennessee from Dallas; the Sixteenth Illinois Infantry to the vicinity of Kelley's Ferry, some 5 miles below Lookout Station; Colonel Smith still in command of the brigade, with headquarters at Dallas. To facilitate the forwarding of supplies, I

