
have ordered part of the brigade train to this point to be used in getting commissary stores from Stevenson to this place and establish a depot here. The roads are perfectly horrible; no one but those passing over them can form any idea of their condition. I am working away here with half of my small force daily on duty assisting trains over the mountain and repairing road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D., MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 350 Washington, October 28, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. Major General John M. Palmer, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,October 28, 1863-6.45 p.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

Chief of Staff:

Your order upon communication of colonel Stanley just came to hand. It is so dark that you can't see your hand. A fire would do no good at this point. The river is so wide it would require a Drummond light of huge capacity. I have only three small canoes here. Colonel Hazen below has none. To-morrow I will send for the boats and do the best I can. They construct their rafts up South Chickamauga Creek, for the banks are so closely patrolled between this point and Hazen's that they cannot make any ; moreover, the river bank is almost clear of timber that would afford cover for such work; again the current of the river is so that they would lodge against a point this side of Hazen and the one below him. Citico Creek may also afford them facilities for bridge building.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH MICHIGAN REGIMENT,McMinnvile, Tennessee, October 28, 1863.

Colonel JOHN COBURN.

Commanding Third Brigade, &amp;c., Tullahoma;

COLONEL: I arrived here with my regiment on Sunday last at 12 m. I found the town in a most deplorable condition. The rebels robbed the citizens of pretty much all they had. And after they left the First East Tennessee Cavalry were sent here, and from what I learn were a nuisance hardly inferior to the rebels. They stabled their horses in public buildings and quartered in the houses. The

