
who states that he requires General Cruft's force. I have also sent orders in your name to General Cruft to join General Hooker, crossing the bridge at this place. As soon as he has crossed I will move the bridge to Rankin's Ferry as ordered, unless you see fit to change its location to Kelley's Ferry, which General Hooker states he would prefer if it was left to his choice. It would not be much harder to move the bridge by water to Kelley's Ferry, provided I had the use of the steam-boat. It would take about forty-eight hours with the aid of the steam-boat; without such aid the bridge cannot be moved in any reasonable time beyond Rankin's Ferry. We cannot now move [more] than ten boats a time for want of oars, and the progress against the current is very slow. It is too deep to pole up. The pontoon teams were so jaded in transporting the bridge to this place that it will be impracticable, in my opinion, to move the bridge by land to Rankin's Ferry. I respectfully request that the steam-boat be ordered to report to me at once.

J. ST. C. MORTON.

Brigadier-General.

BRIDGEPORT, October 29, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The steam-boat has now returned, having landed her rations at Rankin's Ferry, north side, as instructed. The trip is very fair for the trial trip. Where shall the next cargo be landed? I have not heard from General Hooker since yesterday morning. He started with three days' rations, and I sent him 10,000 rations and 6,000 pounds forage by teams yesterday. No forage here to send. Gardenhire's Ferry, 2 miles above Rankin's, is said to cut off all bad roads to Chattanooga.

Awaiting instructions.

W. G. LE DUC,

Quartermaster, Eleventh Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 29, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel LE DUC,

Assistant Quartermaster, Bridgeport:

Transport rations and forage to Kelley's Ferry as fast as you can with the steamer, and deposit them on the south bank. A commissary of subsistence will be ordered there to receive them.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Rankin's Ferry, Tennessee River, October 29, 1863-1.15 p.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Yours of 4 a.m. this date just received. A steamer has arrived here at, say, 10 a.m. with two barges of rations for General Hooker. I have again dispatched to the general notifying him

54 R R-VOL XXXI, PT I

