
my skirmish line out, and the axes working before the re-enforcements of the enemy, a little over the hill, came forward to drive us back. At this time they came boldly up, along nearly our entire front, but particularly strong along the road, gaining the hill to the right of it, and would have caused harm to the party on the road had not Colonel Langdon, First Ohio Volunteers, commanding the remaining portion of the brigade, arrived at this moment, and, after a gallant but short engagement, driven the enemy well over into the valley, gaining the right-hand hill. They made a stubborn fight all along the hill, but were easily driven away with loss. General Turchin's command now came over, and taking position on the hills to the right,my troops were al brought to the left of the road. The enemy now moved off in full view up the valley.

The Fifty-first Ohio Volunteers, Eighth Kentucky, Thirty-fifth Indiana Volunteers, and two batteries of artillery were subsequently added to my command, and the three points farther to the left occupied. We knew nothing of the country previous to occupying it, excepting what could be seen from opposite bank, nor of the forces there to oppose us. We found the hill facing the river precipitous, and the face opposite less steep but of difficult ascent; the top is sharp,having a level surface of from 2 to 6 feet in width, forming a natural parapet, capable of an easy defense by a single line against the strongest column. It is from 250 to 300 feet above the river. Beyond it is a narrow, productive valley, and the higher parallel range of Raccoon Mountain is about 1 1/4 miles distant; the entire opposite face of the hill now is covered with slashed timber. The enemy had at this point 1,000 infantry, three pieces of artillery, and a squadron of cavalry-ample force, properly disposed, to have successfully disputed our landing.

Our losses were 5 killed, 21 wounded, and 9 missing. We buried 6 of the enemy, and a large number were known to be wounded, including the colonel commanding. We captured a few prisoners; their camp, 20 beeves, 6 pontoons, a barge, and several thousand bushels of forage fell into our hands.

My thanks are especially due to Colonel A. Wiley, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, and Major William Birch, Ninety-third Ohio Volunteers, who commanded and led the parties that took the heights, and to Lieutenant-Colonel Foy, Twenty-third Kentucky, commanding party that swept the road, and Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon, First Ohio Volunteers, commanding the battalions formed of the residue of the brigade. Had either of these officers been less prompt in the execution of their duties, or less obedient to the letter of their instructions, many more lives might have been lost, or the expedition failed altogether.

The spirit of every one engaged in the enterprise is deserving of the highest commendation. My staff gave me the intelligent and timely assistance they have always done when needed, and to Lieutenant-Colonel Kimberly, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, and Lieutenant Ferdinand D. Cobb, same regiment, I am especially indebted for valuable services.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.

Brig. General WILLIAM F. SMITH,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Cumberland.

