
of this. There are four communications from myself to General Hooker on way to him, none of which are as yet heard from; I must, however, hear very soon, I think. There has been some cannonading heard in direction of Whiteside's and Raccoon range at intervals since 1 a.m., but not heavy or indicative of any severe engagement, and has now ceased. The officers of the steamer brought me verbal intelligence that General Morton was moving the pontoon to this point. I have sent to General Morton to know if the bridge has been taken up. If it has not, I will move in next hour, and am getting in shape to do this, leaving small guard here to protect the barges, which are on north side of the river at present. I inclose copy of my notes to General Hooker.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Rankin's Ferry, Tennessee River, October 28, 1863-10 a.m.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: Two brigades of this division have arrived at Rankin's Ferry with Simonson's battery, say 3,600 infantry and the battery of six pieces, 12-pounder Parrotts. My orders from Major-General Thomas, commanding Department of the Cumberland, are to "co-operate with Major-General Hooker, who proceeds to the same point via south side of the river." I, therefore, report to you and await any orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Original sent via Shellmound at 10 a.m., 28th. Duplicate sent from Rankin's Ferry at 11.30 a.m. Triplicate sent from Rankin's Ferry at 7 a.m. on 29th.)

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Rankin's Ferry, Tennessee River, October 29, 1863-10 a.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

I have (some hours ago) to-day forwarded you triplicate of my report to you of yesterday. I now have the honor to inform you that I have placed four regiments of my command at Love's Ferry, opposite Shellmound, to strengthen the guard of the pontoon bridge at that point; that a steam-tug has arrived here with two barges loaded with rations for your command, and that she returns immediately to bring up others. The barges can be placed on the opposite side of the river by time your wagon train reaches here for contents. There is no way to cross river here, however, except by the towage of the steamer. Any details wanted or guards can be furnished from this command. Please be kind enough to send me your orders in the premises.

Very respectfully, yours.

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

