
disposed my force as far up the hill as possible, with my left resting on the road, and a little below. In as little time as it takes to write it, they were upon us, they adopting their usual plan of cheering and firing at the same time. We readily returned their fire, and soon had to fire nearly to our right. I knew by the report of their guns that they outnumbered us nearly four to one. Our surgeon, Dr. Hasbrouck, was standing a few steps to my rear. I told him to go to the river and tell any officer he should see that we would need assistance to enable us to hold our ground. He did not go, but some soldier carried word to Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon that we needed assistance,and he promptly came to our aid. But before this, and while we were fighting, Captain Williams, who commanded the right squad, informed me that the enemy had worked clear around our right, and in a minute or so would be able to cut us off. I now ordered the party to fall back,which was done in good order, meeting Colonel Langdon with part of his men. We did not go back quite to the house, but faced to the front and returned the enemy's fire, our little squad forming a nucleus say he did with promptness and alacrity. The colonel's party soon cleared the hill to our right of the rebels, and we marched back and took possession of our breastworks, which we now commenced to make strong. We were joined at the river by Major Northup and part of his party, and soon our squad of 27 men that followed us down the river, began to come up. I know had the breastworks built strong, and about twice the length of my force, commencing on the creek and extending to the right across the road and up the hill. I now threw my skirmishers well to the left. I could now see the rebels moving off to our left, and after throwing a few shells toward us were seen no more that day. About 1 p.m. we were joined by the Eighth Kentucky Volunteers and the Thirty-fifth Indiana Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Barnes. At the request of Colonel Barnes, who preferred to have his two regiments together, we moved across the creek and extended the line to the left. We now built up good breastworks, and, being undisturbed by the rebels, have been very comfortable since.

In conclusion, I must thank the men and officers for the promptitude and bravery displayed by them.

The following is a list of casualties.* The casualties were all in the squad of 48 [men].

Very respectfully,

JAS. C. FOY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-third Kentucky Volunteers

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 9.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Bassett Langdon, First Ohio Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, October 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command, in the affair of the 27th instant, at Brown's Ferry:

On the afternoon of the 26th, I had been put in command of the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men killed and 8 men wounded.

---------------

