
remnants of the regiments composing the Second Brigade, and had proceeded to organize them into companies of one or two to a regiment, according to data obtained from the assistant adjutant-general of the brigade. This organization was completed, but full reports from all the regiments had not been received at my headquarters when I was notified to march with my command at once. Accordingly, the command, consisting of the Sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, under command of Major Erwin; Sixth Kentucky Northup; One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio, under Major Hampson; Forty-first Ohio, under Captain Horner; First Ohio, under Captain Trapp; Ninety-third Ohio, under Captain Bowman; Fifth Kentucky,under Captain Huston, and Sixth Indiana, under Captain Prather, consisting of 750 men in the aggregate, as appears by the inclosed summary of reports, to which attention is respectfully invited, was at once assembled on regimental grounds, and, as soon as I could receive my instructions from General Hazen, was formed on the road and moved to a point on the north bank of the river, near Brown's Ferry.

We found the road near this point completely blocked by the ambulance, guns, and caissons of the First Tennessee Battery, and the adjacent ground covered with sleeping men, reported to belong to General Turchin's command. Through and around these I attempted to move my command,until, arriving at the margin of the wood, I found and wakened Captain Abbott, of the battery, who informed me that the river was in our immediate front, and I could proceed no farther without exposure to the enemy. Unable to find General Smith, who was expected to be awaiting my arrival, and under whose orders the enterprise was to be carried out, I directed regiments right and left of the road, as room could be found, and about 1 o'clock, on the morning of the 27th, officers and men lay down, without fires, to obtain such sleep as was practicable under the circumstances. At 4.30 in the morning, Adjutant Homan, of the First Ohio, kindled the signal fires, as had been agreed upon, and left 6 men of the Twenty-third Kentucky, to keep them burning brightly; and a half hour later I succeeded in finding General Smith, who ordered my command forward at once, in the open ground, nearer the river, in three detachments, left in front, facing the river, and that seventy-four axes be distributed to the command. These orders were speedily carried out, and we lay anxiously expecting the arrival of the boats which were to transfer us to the opposite bank of the river.

The boats from above seemed long in arriving, and I had just got orders from General Smith to move noiselessly to the water's edge with my command, when a sharp and rapid discharge of rifles told that the critical moment had arrived. Reaching the river I saw for the first time the position assigned to my command, and was instructed to embark it in the boats as soon as they should land, and push rapidly up the crest of the hill to the left of the gorge, as soon as we reached the opposite bank. Our brigade was supposed to have already formed its squads on this crest, while at the same time I understood that General Turchin had taken possession of the hill to the right of the gorge. Lieutenant-Colonel Kimberly, of the Forty-first Ohio, having promised to see to the embarking of the troops, I myself crossed in the first boat, to direct their formation and operations on the opposite shore. The First Ohio was the first to land, and, with Captain Trapp at its head, crossed the ravine by a foot-log and pushed

