
rapidly by the left flank up the narrow edge which forms the crest of the ridge. Adjutant Homan, my sole but very efficient aide, accompanied it as guide, and I remained at the landing to form and push on the others.

The last of this regiment had not crossed the log when a soldier of the Twenty-third Kentucky came hurriedly from the front, with a message from Colonel Foy that he had discovered a heavy force of cavalry in his front and must have re-enforcements at once. Knowing little of the situation, and having received explicit orders as to the disposal of my force, I told him to look for General Hazen, or some other officer in command of the squads, but that if the colonel should not get help before, I would send him the remnant of his own regiment when it arrived. Hardly had this messenger gone 20 paces on his return when a rattling fire opened down the gorge in front. The Sixth Indiana, which was the second regiment to cross, was at this time struggling up the bank and about to cross the log. I ordered them to form at once across the road, and move down to the assistance of Colonel Foy. The order was obeyed with alacrity by Lieutenants Siddall and Neal, who formed as many as could be got together speedily, and moved gallantly to the front, but meeting the command of Colonel Foy coming back under orders, and finding about the same time that the enemy held the hill to the right of the gorge, they came back and were closely followed up by the enemy to within 20 paces of the log crossing of the ravine.

As other squads came up from the boat (the Sixth Indiana and Sixth Kentucky first) they were pushed up the side crest on the right; except a par of the Sixth Indiana, which crossed the ravine, and received a severe fire in doing so, to occupy the side crest on the left, left vacant by the First Ohio, which had pushed on farther along the ridge. The Twenty-third Kentucky was ordered to report to Colonel Foy at once, and unite with the remainder of the regiment. Fragments of the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio and Sixth Ohio were also formed on the right crest, and the Fifth Kentucky, Ninety-third Ohio, and Forty-first Ohio, which landed last pushed without orders straight to the very top of the hill, on the right, being led by that gallant officer, Captain Huston, of the first-named of these regiments. Before they reached position the enemy fled, and we were masters of the gap. I immediately directed an officer commanding a regiment near the road to send skirmishers to the front, and the advance of General Turchin's brigade (Thirty-first Ohio), under Colonel Lister,having arrived, I withdrew my command on the right and moved over and formed, under your direction, general, along the crest of the left ridge.

My command, as you know, was made up of odds and ends, after the best fighting men had been called out, and consisted of all who were able to march. Extra-duty men, unarmed men, company cooks, musicians, and cowards, huddled under the cover of the bank and log-house near the river. The hastily formed organization of the night before was not intended for fighting purposes, and had no reference to transportation in boats. It was completely broken in crossing the river, consequently it is almost unjust to refer to the troops engaged, who had landed after the fight opened, by name. The organizations broken up, the uncertain light of early morning rendering it difficult to distinguish the most familiar acquaintances, utterly ignorant of the country and the position of our other forces, or the strength of the enemy, troops who fight well under such circumstances

