
deserve the highest praise. I shall not shrink from comparison of the valor displayed by my command with that of the squads selected for courage, &amp;c. I regret that the circumstances above named, and want of familiarity with the command, prevent my doing justice in individual cases. The list of casualties has already been forwarded, and untoward circumstances compel me to give up the thought of accompanying this with a list of the names, which I had entertained.

I have the honor to be, &c., very respectfully,

BASSETT LANGDON,

Lieutenant Colonel First O. V. I., Comdg. Remnant of Second Brig.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 10.

Report of Colonel Aquila Wiley, Forty-first Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Brown's Ferry, October 30, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your order, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the detachment under my command, in gaining possession of the ridge on the west side of the Tennessee River, at Brown's Ferry, on the morning of the 27th instant:

The detachment consisted of 150 officers and men, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, Captain W. W. Munn commanding; 175 officers and men, One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel James Pickands commanding; 150 officers and men, Sixth Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Christopher commanding; 100 officers and men, Fifth Kentucky, Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Treanor commanding. The detachments from each regiment were organized into companies consisting of 24 enlisted men, and 1 commissioned officer each. The whole embarked on twenty-four pontoons. At 3 a.m. the fleet moved from the landing at Chattanooga in the following order: The Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Sixth Ohio Volunteers, and Fifth Kentucky, and reached the landing at the ferry at 5 a.m. The fleet was preceded by a detachment under Lieutenant-Colonel Foy, Twenty-third Kentucky, on a barge which was not under my command. My orders were to land at the ferry, and carry and hold the height on the left of the gorge. The eminence to be gained is a ridge about 400 yards in length, parallel with the river, and about 300 feet above it, the face next the river being very precipitous; the ascent at the end next the gorge not so difficult.

The fleet proceeded without molestation until about 5 a.m., when as the first boat, which was almost abreast of the barge containing Lieutenant-Colonel Foy's detachment, was within about 10 yards of the landing, it was fired on by the enemy's pickets stationed at the landing. The crew of the first boat delivered a volley and leaped ashore, followed instantly by the second boat, in which I myself had embarked. The first company, deployed as skirmishers to cover the flanks of the column, were immediately pushed up the

