
farther slope of the ridge; the second company, covering the head of the column, advanced along the crest toward the left.

The regiments effected their landing promptly in the order already indicated, and advanced in column by company up the height and along the crest, where the line was established, as previously indicated, in the following order: The Fifth Kentucky on the right, Forty-first Ohio on the left, Sixth Ohio on the right center, One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio on the left center. Each regiment as soon as it gained its position, threw out two companies as skirmishers to cover its front, and commenced felling the timber and constructing a parapet, each company having carried two axes for that purpose. The enemy were encamped in the valley at the foot of the ridge, and at the first sound of the axes his skirmishers advanced up the hill and engaged our vigorously for some time, when they were driven back to the road at the foot of the ridge; a section of artillery then opened on us, but without effect. No further effort was made to dislodge us. As soon as it became light, we discovered the enemy retreating to our left up the farther side of the valley. He left 5 dead and 1 wounded in front of our line of skirmishers.

The following is a list of casualties.*

I cannot commend too highly the gallantry and firmness of the troops engaged as skirmishers. The enemy's line attacked vigorously, encouraged by the shouts of their officers to "drive the Yankees into the river," and only gave way when within a few yards of our own line. I have also the pleasure of testifying to the promptness, skill, and efficiency of Lieutenant-Colonel Pickands, One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Christopher, Sixth Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Treanor, Fifth Kentucky, and Captain Munn, Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, commanding detachments from their respective regiments. The best evidence of the alacrity and skill with which they handled their troops consists in the fact of their effecting a landing, gaining the crest of the heights and the position assigned them,and making all their dispositions for defense before the enemy-who had doubtless been alarmed by the firing at the landing-who not only knew the country but could have gained it by a much less difficult slope.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AQUILA WILEY,

Colonel Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, Comdg. Detachment.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 11.

Report of Major William Birch, Ninety-third Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, October 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 26th, I received orders to take command of the following detachments: First Ohio Volunteers, seven companies, commanded

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows; Killed, 1 man of Fifth Kentucky and 1 man of Forty-first Ohio; wounded, 1 officer and 1 man of Forty-first Ohio, and 1 officer and 3 men of One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio.

---------------

