
by Major Stafford; Sixth Kentucky Volunteers, five companies, commanded by Major Whitaker; Twenty-third Kentucky Volunteers, two companies, commanded by Captain Hardiman; Sixth Ohio Volunteers, one company, commanded by Lieutenant Meline; Sixth Indiana Volunteers, six companies, commanded by Major Campbell, and Ninety-third Ohio Volunteers, five companies, commanded by Captain Lake-in all twenty-six companies. We were to make a night attack on a position held by the rebels, about 3 miles below Lookout Mountain, simultaneous with detachment commanded by Colonel Wiley, of the Forty-first Ohio.

The command numbered as follows: Field officers, 4; line officers, 26; non-commissioned officers, 104; privates, 520; total, 654.

We embarked on board twenty-six pontoon boats about 2 a.m. the 27th, and held the rebel position at daylight. The rebels were completely surprised and made but feeble resistance.

Killed none; wounded, 1 slightly in the Sixth Indiana; missing none. The rebels lost several killed and wounded. Every man seemed determined to succeed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. BIRCH,

Major Ninety-third Ohio Vol. Inf., Comdg. Detachment.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 12.

Report of Maj. General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army, commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps, with congratulatory orders.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, November 6, 1863.

COLONEL: I desire to submit the following report of the battle of Wauhatchie, and the operations of my command preliminary to that engagement:

In conformity with orders from the headquarters of the department, I crossed the Tennessee by the pontoon bridge at Bridgeport, the morning of the 26th of October, with the greater portion of the Eleventh Corps,under Major-General Howard; a part of the Second Division of the Twelfth Corps, under Brigadier-General Geary; one company of the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry, and a part of a company of the First Alabama Cavalry, and at once took up my line of march along the line of railroad, to open and secure it in the direction of Brown's Ferry. A regiment was left to defend the bridge head when the column had crossed the river,and to take possession of and hold the passes leading to it through Raccoon Mountain. Our route lay along the base of this mountain until we reached Running Waters, when we followed the direction of that stream, and in the morning descended through the gorge into Lookout Valley. No event attended our first day's march deserving mention, unless it be that the enemy's pickets fell back as we advanced, and the leaving of two more of my regiments-one at Shellmound, with instructions to occupy a pass near Gordon's Mines, and another at Whiteside's, to protect the route over the mountains through which we had passed.

After entering Lookout Valley, our general course lay along a

