
long over the river, and, more than all, secured our new communications, for the time being, beyond peradventure. These several conflicts were attended with unusual interest and satisfaction, from the violence of the attack, the great alacrity displayed by the officers and men in springing to their arms on the first indication of the presence of the enemy, and the glorious manner in which they closed in on him for the struggle.

I regret that my duty constrains me to except any portion of my command in my commendation of their courage and valor. The brigade dispatched to the relief of Geary, by orders delivered in person to its division commander, never reached him until long after the fight had ended. It is alleged that it lost its way, and also that they became involved in a swamp, when there was no swamp or other obstacle between them and Geary, which should have delayed them and Geary, which should have delayed them a moment in marching to the relief of their imperiled companions.

For the instances of conspicuous individual daring and conduct, also of regiments and batteries, the most distinguished for brilliant services on this field, the attention of the commanding general is respectfully called to the reports of corps and division commanders herewith transmitted. I must confine myself to an expression of my appreciation of the zealous and devoted services of Major-General Howard, not only on the battle-field, but everywhere and at all times. Of General Geary I need say no more. To both of these officers I am profoundly grateful for the able assistance they have always given me. Our loss is 416, among them some of the bravest officers and men of my command.

General Greene wa severely wounded while in the heroic performance of his duty. Colonel Underwood, of the Thirty-third Massachusetts Volunteers, was also desperately wounded, and for his recovery I am deeply concerned. If only in recognition of his meritorious services on this field, his many martial virtues, and great personal worth, it would be a great satisfaction to me to have this officers advanced to the grade of brigadier-general.

For the many whose deaths the country will deplore, I must refer you to the reports of subordinate commanders. Of the loss of the enemy, it cannot fall short of 1,500. Geary buried 153 rebel carcasses on his front alone. We took upward of 100 prisoners and several hundred stand of small-arms. With daylight to follow up our success, doubtless our trophies would have been much abundant.

The force opposed to us consisted of two of Longstreet's divisions, and corresponded in number to our corps. From the prisoners we learn that they had watched the column as it descended the valley, and confidently counted on its annihilation.

To conclude, I must express my grateful acknowledgments to Major-General Butterfield, chief of my staff, for the valuable assistance rendered me on the field; also to Major Lawrence, Captain Hall, Lieutenants Perkins and Oliver, aides-de-camp, for the faithful, intelligent, and devoted performance of all the duties assigned them.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*A map accompanying this report will appear in the Atlas.

---------------

