
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 11TH AND 12TH CORPS,

No. 5. ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Lookout Valley, November 1, 1863.

It is with extreme pleasure that the major-general commanding communicates to the troops composing the Eleventh Corps, and to the Second Division of the Twelfth Corps, the subjoined letter from the major-general commanding the Army of the Cumberland, expressive of his appreciation of your distinguished services on the night of the 28th instant.

It is a noble tribute to your good conduct from a brave and devoted soldier.

The general hopes that it will inspire as much satisfaction in the breasts of his officers and men as it has in his own, and that we may all be stimulated by it to renewed efforts to secure the good opinion of our commander while we also emulate the courage and valor of our companions in arms.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, October 30, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER,

Commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: I most heartily congratulate you and the troops under your command at the brilliant success you gained over you old adversary (Longstreet) on the night of the 28th instant. The bayonet charge of Howard's troops, made up the sides of a steep and difficult hill over 200 feet high, completely routing and driving the enemy from his barricades on its top, and the repulse by Geary's division of greatly superior numbers, who attempted to surprise him, will rank among the most distinguished feats of arms of this war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 13.

Report of Maj. General Oliver O. Howard, U. S. Army, commanding Eleventh Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS,October 29, 1863-7.30 a.m. (Received 30th.)

GENERAL: My corps arrived at this point about 5 p.m. yesterday; went into camp, throwing out strong pickets and outposts. Between 12 and 1 a.m. there was considerable skirmishing not far from the wagon-road bridge over Lookout Creek. At 1 a.m., hearing General Geary's guns, by the commanding general's order the corps was got under arms. General Steinwehr, with Colonel Smith's brigade, carried the heights near the bridge, which had been previously intrenched by the enemy. General Schurz occupied the next succeeding knolls, and finally succeeded in pushing a brigade to the support of General Geary. The troops were more or less engaged until 4 a.m., when the firing ceased.

There is quite a large number wounded, but not many killed.

