
were posted, one toward Kelley's Ferry for the purpose of cutting off any sharpshooters of the enemy reported to be lurking in that direction, and another of a regiment toward the point where the Chattanooga road crosses Lookout Creek. Some skirmishing occurred with this regiment between 12 and 1 a.m. The regiment did not reach its destination, but halted near Ellis' house and drew up in line of battle, its skirmishers encountering those of the enemy on a height beyond.

At 1 a.m. heavy firing, infantry and artillery, was heard in the direction of General Geary. The corps was ordered under arms, and, in accordance with General Hooker's instructions, a brigade ordered to the position of the skirmish of the day before, and another to the assistance of General Geary. I instantly communicated the order to General Steinwehr.

At this time I joined General Hooker, who instructed me to fulfill the order just given with the troops nearest those points designated.

General Schurz's division, or a part of it, being already under arms, was moved out as quick as possible, and General Schurz directed to push his leading brigade as fast as possible to the relief of General Geary. Meanwhile, General Steinwehr's division was moved toward Ellis' house, and his second brigade, Colonel Smith commanding, was instructed to carry a height near that point, already occupied by the enemy in force. His other brigade and the batteries were held in reserve. Colonel Smith's brigade promptly executed the order given him, driving the enemy from his barricades, already established on the top of the heights. The troops charged up the heights under heavy fire, without returning it, until the enemy was completely routed. They took quite a number of arms and prisoners. General Schurz's division, after some delay, occasioned by losing the road and getting into a swamp, succeeded in carrying the next height occupied by the enemy. This was done by General Tyndale's brigade.

General Schurz, having been reinstructed by General Hooker in person, sent a brigade, Colonel Hecker's, to effect a junction with General Geary, which was accomplished about 5 a.m. These operations, and those of General Geary, repulsing the enemy's attack, had the effect of dislodging him from every position this side of Lookout Creek. This engagement, brief and, comparatively speaking, of small extent, has crowned our efforts to open the river. It has also cost us much in the lives of several valuable officers and in the disabling of others. For the mention of these I call attention to the reports of division commanders.

I shall make hereafter special recommendations on account of good conduct in this action. The conduct of the men, as well as their officers, was excellent. In the night, as it was, and uncertain as we were as to the enemy's position and strength, there was no giving way, and little or no straggling in the command. Several officers, endeared to us and invaluable to the country, have given their lives. Colonel Underwood, of the Thirty-third Massachusetts Volunteers, is seriously wounded. We cannot be too grateful to him and them for the noble part they have acted, and for the sacrifice they have made. I will frankly say that great encouragement and confidence was given us by the immediate presence of the commanding general.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

Captain H. W. PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

