
Park will have command both of Lauman's and Herron's forces. Admiral Porter has mounted a 100-pounder rifle on flat-boat, and placed it on the Louisiana shore, under the point which stretches in front of the town. It was fired yesterday with much effect. In the night the enemy sent five boats up the river either to attack this gun and the mortars or to look after the officers whom they sent up the Yazoo last week by way of Steele's Bayou. The boats returned without accomplishing anything. General Grant has placed pickets to watch for these officers. From Joe Johnston, who is now at Jackson, we have trustworthy information this morning. He has six DIVISIONS of infantry, varying from 4,000 to 9,000 each, and one of cavalry. Of the former, two are at Yazoo City and the latter is near Mechanicsburg. Pickett, with a force composed of we know not what, is ordered to move from Canton by the Valley road and cross Big Black. General Grant regards the movement as intended for the present simply to occupy the line of Mechanicsburg in force. C. C. Washburn in some alarm, thinking he would soon be attacked, sent for a DIVISION of re-enforcements. General Grant has determined to issue an order extending the command in all that region, and can be there in person and move re-enforcements there from his own corps whenever it may be necessary. At Sherman's request, General Grant has modified his order to the paymasters, sending them back to Memphis, so far as to have them pay Sherman's troops at once and any others whose commanders may desire it.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BEHIND Vicksburg, June 16, 1863-8 a. m.,

VIA MEMPHIS, June 19-1 p. m. (Received June 21-4 p. M.)

General Parker's troops are ordered to Haynes' Bluff. This is done on no new information, but after fuller consideration of that received yesterday morning. Part of his two DIVISIONS had already marched over opposite Warrenton, and at 8 p. m. yesterday they had all been brought back and re-embarked for the voyage up Yazoo River. They will all be encamped at Haynes' Bluff by this evening. The chief command there remains with Sherman, as I reported yesterday. The position of the besieging forces continues as before General Parker's arrival. McClernand's engineers reported yesterday that his approach was within 30 yards of the enemy's lines. Firing was quite active throughout the day yesterday along the whole line, and was continued through the night, especially on the front of Generals Sherman and Herron.

Our total loss during the last week was over 50 killed and wounded, of whom about a dozen were killed. I have not been able to get the precise figures.

Much of the ammunition supplied to this army is very bad. A board of survey just held here reports that the Parrott shells are uniformly defective from sand-holes. Some of these are filled with putty; some are left undisguised. The small-arm ammunition from Indianapolis is rascally, the powder worthless and deficient in quantity.

An intelligent Kentuckian who deserted from Loring's corps last week and arrived here yesterday fully confirms the intelligence respect-

