
The greatest delay was experienced hare from the difficulty of obtaining proper timber. Lieutenant-Colonel Rawlins, assistant adjutant-general of General Grant's staff, took this matter in hand, and by his vigor, activity, and personal attention during the entire night, succeeded in obtaining a sufficient supply.

Captain Hickenlooper, FIFTH Ohio Battery, chief engineer of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, gave most active and intelligent assistance till the work was finished. The lashings were all made under his personal supervision.

Captain Tresilian, DIVISION engineer, THIRD DIVISION, was also energetic and efficient in preparing and selecting the timbers.

After the entire army had crossed, an examination revealed no perceptible injury to the bridge.

On May 11, Captain H. C. Freeman, in charge of the pontoon train, reported to me at Cayuga. During the ensuing campaign he was directed to march with that column which inclined itself most toward Pearl River.

On May 4, Captain Tresilian repaired the bridge of boats across the Big Black at Hankinson's Ferry. I submit his report herewith. *

Assistants Ulffers, Rigby, and Hartwell were actively engaged in reconnaissances and surveys. Mr. Ulffers went with despatches, April 10, to General Banks. Captain Rigby, having been quite unwell when the army marched out of Jackson, did not accompany headquarters. He is probably a prisoner in the hands of the enemy or paroled in hospital.

First Lieutenant Peter C. Hains, U. S. Engineers, and chief engineer Thirteenth Army Corps, displayed great activity and intelligence in the performance of the duties of his department. I submit herewith his report. *

During the march of Osterhaus' DIVISION and McPherson's corps from Perkins' to Hard Times Landing, several bridges were built and repaired, for particulars of which I refer you to be accompanying reports of Captain Hickenlooper* and his assistant, F. Tunica.

The inclosed map fully explains the line of march followed by the army from Milliken's Bend, embodying such topographical features as could be obtained. Great credit is due to Major Otto H. Matz, Illinois volunteers, fornner in which it is executed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

First Lieutenant Engrs. ., Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Insp. General

Captain F. E. PRIME,

Chief Engineer, Department of the Tennessee.

Numbers 6. Reports of Captain Ocran H. Howard, U. S. Signal Corps, Chief Signal Officer, of operations April 3-July 4.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., June 6, 1863.

SIR: Since the last report which I had the honor to submit, the different signal parties composing this detachment have been doing good service, both in reconnaissance and as signalists.

---------------

*See siege of Vicksburg for the only reports of Hains, Hickenlooper, and Tresilian that have been found, but their dates indicate that could not have been inclosures above report.

+ To appear in Atlas.

---------------

