
The line form the end of the telegraph line, reaching to the extreme left, is not much used, but is important to be kept open.

Inclosed I send you a small plat, showing the different lines.

Our officers are all busy at present, but the telegraph will relieve some of them soon. I noticed five signal officers with the Marine Brigade as they passed up the Yazoo.

We are at present well supplied with all kinds of stores, transportation, &amp;c.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. V. ROSE,

Captain and Chief Acting Signal Officer.

Captain Rose also reports that the most commendabld by the officers and men of his command, and hi feels confident that each officer will do all in his power to SECOND him in all his efforts to promote the honor and efficiency of the corps.

The signal party under Lieutenant Wilson, saving with the Mississippi Marine Brigade, is also doing good service. J

The brigade in on transports, which sail in company. The only and constant means of communication from boat to boat is by signals. This command served on the Mississippi, and Tennessee Rivers, and has been variously employed between Nashville and Vicksburg. Below is a copy of the last report received from that party:

U. S. STEAMER ADAMS,

Off Helena. Ark., May 25, 1863.

SIR: I have honor to submit the following report:

Early on the morning of the 24th instant a part of General Ellet's brigade landed at Austin, a small town some 15 miles above Helena, for the purpose of chastising a band of rebels who had at that place captured and burned a small trading-boat the day previous.

Lieutenant Warren and myself proceeded with the forces, hoping that in case of action to be able to do something for the service. When 3 miles out, the advance came upon the enemy, concealed in a thick wood, when quite a severe skirmish endued, resulting in the rout of the enemy, with the loss of several of their number killed. Owing to the dense wood and underbrush, Lieutenant Warren and myself were employed as aides, scouts, and with skirmisher, an opportunity not occurring in which we could use signals.

I have also the honor to state that I have submitted a similar report to General Ellet.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. WILSON,

Acting Signal Officer in Charge.

When the brigade is in the vicinity of Vicksburg, General Ellet communicates by signal with General Grant.

That portion of the detachment now here in camp of instruction will be ready for the field as soon as they can be equipped. I shall then take the field myself in charge of them.

A duplicate report of the operations of this detachment will be made, embodying an account of all its operations, as soon as the fate of Vicksburg is decided, and in time to accompany General Grant's official report of the campaign.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

O. H. HOWARD,

Captain and Acting Chief Signal Officer.

CHIEF. SIGNAL OFFICER U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Vicksburg, MISS., August 28, 1863.

COLONEL; I have the honor to hand you herewith a report of the operations of that portion of his corps that was in active service in the

