
zeal and activity they made up in a great degree for their lack of experience, and acquitted themselves very creditably.

On the night of the running of the blockade by the gunboats, First Lieutenant [William H.] Sherfy reported for duty on board the Benton, in which he passed the batteries, in readiness to communicate with the signal officers on shore, should it be necessary.

On May 1, a party of 8 officers, in charge of First Lieutenant Samuel S. Sample, was directed by Captain De Ford to report for duty to Major-General Grant, at Hard Times Landing. This party reached the general's headquarters, on the road between Thompson's Hill and Port Gibson. By direction of the general commanding, two officers were dispatched thence to the landing at Bruinsburg, to open communication with the opposite shore. This line was immediately opened to Hard Times Landing, and remained open for four or five days, during the crossing of the SEVENTEENTH Army Corps. near Port Gibson the officers were assigned to Generals McPherson, Logan, and Crocker, a party still remaining with the commanding general. The officers were thus assigned for duty either as signalists or upon reconnaissances. The army being now in motion, and the country being ILL adapted to any extensive lines of communication by field signals, the officers reconnoitered the country as far in advance of the army as possible, and established stations of observation upon such points as were suitable for that purpose.

During the march of the army from Port Gibson to Rocky Springs, the officers of the corps were constantly on duty, reconnoitering the country in front and reporting the result of their observations to commanders to whom they were assigned. Lieutenants [Cyrus M.] Roberts and [Jacob P.] Sampson, with General Logan, and Lieutenant Irvin, with General Crocker, are entitled to notice for zeal displayed and services rendered during this time. These officers, together with Lieutenants Morris and [William C.] Magner, with Major-General McPherson, were complimented by that officer for services rendered during that march.

When General Grant reached Grand Gulf, a line was opened in ten minutes to Hard Times Landing, affording the general a means of communication between those points during his stay. This line was in constant use. When the army reached Hankinson's Ferry, Lieutenant Sample, who remained with General Grant, reconnoitered the country as far as Rocky Springs and Hall's Ferry, and, when the army reached the former place, proceeded to Cayuga and established a station of observation at that point; thence, when the advance reached Cayuga, to New Auburn, passing, in so doing, 3 miles inside of the enemy's pickets, capturing the enemy's dispatches, and returning by the same route. At Five-Mile Creek the remainder of the corps, in charge of Captain De Ford, reached headquarters from Grand Gulf. At the battle of Raymond, a detachment of the corps, under command of Captain L. M. Rose, took an active part, and were complimented for their activity, bravery, and reliability. At Raymond the corps was divided into four detachments, and a detachment assigned to each army corps (the Thirteenth, Fifteenth, and SEVENTEENTH), in charge, respectively, of Lieutenant Irvin, Captain McClintock, and Captain Rose, while the fourth remained with General Grant, in charge of the commandant of the corps, to visit each day the detachments with the different army corps, reporting the result of the reconnaissances performed by each party to General Grant at night. A station of observation was established on the cupola of the court-house at Raymond by Lieutenant [Gustav B.] Gryden. The

