
wounded, of which the NINTH DIVISION lost 37 killed and 176 wounded; the Tenth DIVISION, 2 killed and 16 wounded; the Twelfth DIVISION, 42 killed and 266 wounded, and the Fourteenth DIVISION, 42 killed and 222 wounded, making the aggregate above named, including 8 reported MISSING. *

The loss of the enemy was 2 stand of colors, 2 pieces of cannon, 3 caissons, a quantity of ammunition, a number of small arms and ammunition wagons, and 580 prisoners. His loss in killed and wounded is not known, but must have been considerable.

Remaining at Port Gibson, on May 2 my corps assisted in constructing a bridge across the South Branch of Bayou Pierre, under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson, engineer and aide-de camp on Major-General Grant's staff; reconnoitered the country east and north of that stream, and skirmished with a detachment left by the enemy on the north side of it to watch our movements.

On the night of the 2nd, the fugitive enemy was met by re-enforcements reported to be on their way from Grand Gulf and Vicksburg, and communicating their fears to the latter, the whole fled across Big Black, The panic also extended to the garrison at Grand Gulf, only 7 miles from Port Gibson, who spiked their guns, and, hastily abandoning the place, also fled across the same river. Next day a naval force took possession of the place.

On the same day Brigadier-General Lawler, having reported to me for duty under your order, was assigned to the command of the SECOND Brigade, of General Carr's DIVISION.

MARCH FROM PORT GIBSON TO CHAMPION'S HILL.

On the 3rd, agreeably to your instructions, my corps, save Lawler's brigade, which was left behind to garrison Port Gibson, marched on the Raymond road to Willow Springs; on the 6th to Rocky Springs; on the 8th to Little Sandy, and on the 9th to Big Sandy.

General Osterhaus led the advance from Little to Big Sandy, and on arriving at the latter creek immediately threw a detachment of infantry, preceded by the SECOND Illinois Cavalry, over it toward Hall's Ferry, on Big Black. Finding a detachment of the enemy in front of the ferry, a company of cavalry, under Lieutenant Stickel, dashed forward and dispersed it before it had time to form, killing 12 men and capturing 30 prisoners.

Resuming its march on the 11th, my corps moved to Five-Mile Creek, and on the 12th to Fourteen Mile Creek.

During these thirteen days my command subsisted on six days' rations and what scanty supply the country in the immediate vicinity of the route afforded; were wholly without tents and regular trains, and almost without cooking utensils; yet they were cheerful and prompt in the discharge of duty.

General Hovey's DIVISION led the advance to Fourteen Mile Creek, followed by General Carr and General Osterhaus. General Smith's DIVISION moved by the way of Hall's Ferry, on Big Black River, and, leaving a detachment there to guard that crossing, passed on to Montgomery's bridge, on Fourteen Mile Creek, 3 miles below the point of General Hovey's approach. An outpost of the rebel force at Edwards Station, concealed in the thick woods and underbrush lining the creek, was first encountered by General Hovey's advance guard, consisting

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 584.

---------------

