
forward, in obedience to my order, and joined with the former in the conflict. All of Lawler's brigade, of the same DIVISION, except a reserve of one regiment, also advanced to support Lindsey, who had pushed a charge near the mouth of a battery. Lawler's brigade here cast the trembling balance in our favor. Himself narrowly escaping the effect of a shell, his men joined Lindsey's, and both dashed forward, shooting down the enemy's battery horses, driving away his gunners, and capturing two pieces of cannon. This success on the left center, forcing a portion of the enemy to the right, caused the resistance to my right center to be increased and continued until the flight of the enemy on my extreme right had communicated its effect to his center. The enemy, thus beaten at all points, fled in confusion, the main body along the road leading to Vicksburg, a fragment to the left of that road. General Carr's DIVISION, taking the advance, hotly pursued the former, and Lindsey's and Burbridge's brigades the latter, until night closed in, each taking many prisoners. The rebel General Tilghman was killed by a shot from one of General Burbridge's batteries.

At 8 p. m. General Carr arrived at Edwards, where the flames were consuming a train of cars and a quantity of storey had fired. Both, to a considerable extent, were saved by the activity and daring of his men. During the same night General Carr's DIVISION was joined by General Osterhaus'. General Blair's and Smith's DIVISIONS rested some 3 miles southeast of Edwards Station, and General Hovey's DIVISION at Midway, under orders to care for the wounded and bury the dead.

The loss sustained by my corps attests the severity of this memorable battle, which is as follows:

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

General Hovey's	 211	 872	 119

DIVISION

General Osterhaus'	 14	 76	 20

DIVISION*

General Smith's	 ---	 24	 4

DIVISION

General Carr's	 1	 ---	 2

DIVISION

Aggregate, 1334.

Of General Blair's loss I am not advised, not having received a report from him.

Besides the captures already mentioned, a large number of small arms were taken. The field was strewn with the dead and wounded of the enemy, and his loss must have been very great.

BATTLE OF BLACK RIVER BRIDGE.

At 3. 30 on the morning of the 17th, my corps again resumed the advance, General Carr's DIVISION leading, and General Osterhaus' closely following, on the road to Black River Bridge, 6 miles distant. On the way, General Carr's DIVISION captured a number of prisoners, which were sent to the rear, and, upon nearing a skirt of wood masking the enemy's position, encountered and drove back his picket.

Passing to the farther edge of the wood, the enemy was discovered in full force, strongly intrenched in elaborate defenses, consisting of a

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 582.

---------------

