
who fell, mortally wounded, while leading his regiment in the charge upon the enemy's works.

Driven across the river, the enemy made a feeble stand to cover his trains and retreat upon Vicksburg, but several hours before sunset was dislodged by my forces, leaving tents, a considerable quantity of clothing and other stores, together with a large number of small arms, a smoking ruin.

During the following night and morning a bridge was thrown across the Big Black by the pioneer corps under Captain Patterson.

On the morning of the 18th, I crossed with Generals Osterhaus', Smith's, and Carr's DIVISIONS, of my corps, and took up the line of march for Vicksburg, 12 miles distant. General Smith's DIVISION led, followed by Generals Osterhaus and Carr, on the Jackson and Vicksburg road to Saint Albans, and thence by a cross road and the Baldwin's Ferry road at Four Mile Creek, arriving there about sunset, and resting for the night 4 miles from Vicksburg. Several prisoners and wagons were captured during the march. General Osterhaus resumed command of the NINTH DIVISION on the WEST bank of Big Black, and General Lee was assigned to the command of the First Brigade of that DIVISION during the absence of General Garrard, who had been ordered to report to General Prentiss, at Helena.

Early on the morning of the 19th, accompanied by my staff, I made a personal reconnaissance to the brow of a long hill overlooking a creek 2 miles from Vicksburg. This hill runs north and south, and conforms very much to the line of Vicksburg's defence, in plain view on a similar range a mile WEST. The creek is called Two Mile Creek because it is only 2 miles from Vicksburg. Colonel Mudd came very near being shot by one of the enemy's pickets during the reconnaissance.

The intervening space between these two ranges consisted of a series of deep hollows separated by narrow ridges, both rising near the enemy's works, and running at angles from them until they are tenarrow valley of Two Mile Creek. The heads of the hollows were entirely open. Nearer their termination they were covered with a thicket of trees and underbrush.

The enemy's defenses consist of an extended line of rifle pits occupied by infantry, covered by a multitude of strong works occupied by artillery, so arranged as to command not only the approaches by the ravines and ridges in front, but each other.

THE SIEGE OF Vicksburg.

Since 4 a. m. my command had been under orders to be in readiness to move forward and commence the investment of the city. By 6. 30 a. m. it came up, and in obedience to my orders formed behind the crest of the hill upon which I had been waiting, General Smith's DIVISION on the right of the Vicksburg road; General Osterhaus' on the left, and General Carr's along the base of the hill, as a reserve. Skirmishers were thrown forward, who engaged the enemy's skirmishers, and artillery was opened from the most commanding positions upon the enemy's works, and a body of infantry observed between them and Burbridge's brigade, on my right. In a short time the enemy's skirmishers fell back, and my line advanced across Two Mile Creek to the hills on the opposite side.

About this time [10. 30 a. m.] an order came from Major General

