
has since been promoted. The colors of the One hundred and thirtieth Illinois were planted upon the counter-scarp of the ditch, while those of the Forty-eighth Ohio and Seventy-seventh Illinois waved over the bastion.

Within FIFTEEN minutes after Lawler's and Landram's success, Benton's and Burbridge's brigades, fired by the example, rushed forward and carried the ditch and slope of another heavy earthwork, and planted their colors upon the latter. Crowning this brilliant feat with a parallel to Sergeant Griffith's daring, Captain White, of the Chicago Mercantile Battery, carried forward one of his pieces by hand quite to the ditch, and, double-shotting it, fired into an embrasure, disabling a gun in it ready to be discharged, and scattering death among the rebel cannoneers. A curtain connected the works forming these two points of attack.

My men never fought more gallantly-nay, desperately. For more than eight long hours they maintained their ground with death like tenacity. Neither a blazing sun nor the deadly fire of the enemy shook them. Their constancy and valor filled me with admiration. The spectacle is one never to be forgotten.

A portion of the First U. S. Infantry, under Major Maloney, serving as heavy artillery, added to their previous renown. Neither officers nor men could have been more zealous and active. Being in the center, they covered in considerable part the advance of Benton's and Lawler's brigades and materially promoted their partial success.

Meantime Osterhaus' and Hovey's forces, forming the column of assault on the left, pushed forward under a withering fire upon a more extended line until an enfilading fire from a strong redoubt on their left front and physical exhaustion compelled them to take shelter behind a ridge. Here they could distinctly hear the words of hostile command. Their skirmishers, however, kept up the conflict. Alarmed for his safety, and the assault of the corps immediately on my left having failed, the enemy early hastened to mass large numbers from his right and left in my front. Thus re-enforced, he renewed his efforts with increased effect. All my forces were now engaged, including reserves. Failure and loss of my hard won advantages became imminent. Advising General McArthur, who was on his way from Warrenton, of the state of affairs, I requested re-enforcements and notified Major-General Grant of the fact.

At 11 a. m. I informed him that I was hotly engaged; that the enemy was massing upon me from his right and left, and that a vigorous blow by General McPherson would make a diversion in my favor. Again, at 12 m., that I was in partial possession of two forts, and suggested whether a vigorous push ought not to be made all along our lines. Responding to these dispatches, Major-General Grant directed me to communicate with General McArthur, to use his forces to the best advantage, and informed me that General Sherman was getting on well. This dispatch was dated at 2 p. m. and came to hand at 3. 15 p. m. About the same time I received information that General Quinby's DIVISION was coming to my support. Hastening to acknowledge the receipt of this welcome intelligence, I replied that I had lost no ground; that prisoners informed me that the works in which I had made lodgments were commanded by strong defenses in the rear, but that with the DIVISIONS promised I doubted not that I would force my way through the hostile lines, and, with many others, I doubt it not yet; but obstacles intervened to disappoint. General McArthur's DIVISION, being several miles distant, did not get up until next day. Colonel Boomer's and Sanborn's

