
brigades, of General Quinby's DIVISION, much exhausted, came up, but before either of them could be fully applied-indeed, before one of them was entirely formed-night set in and terminated the struggle. Colonel Boomer fell early while leading his men forward, lamented by all. Meanwhile the enemy, seeing Quinby's DIVISION moving in the direction of my position, hastened to concentrate additional forces in front of it, and made a sortie, which was repelled.

About 8 p. m., after ten hours' continuous fighting, without food or water, my men withdrew to the nearest shelter and rested for the night, holding by a strong picket most of the ground they had gained.

My loss during this memorable day comprised fully three-fourths of my whole loss before Vicksburg, and was as follows:

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

General Osterhaus'	 35	 233	 1

DIVISION

General Smith's	 49	 400	 36

DIVISION

General Hovey's	 *42	 ---	 ---

DIVISION

General Carr's	 109	 559	 57

DIVISION

Aggregate, 1,487.

To say that the Thirteenth Army Corps has done its whole duty manfully and nobly throughout this arduous and eventful campaign is only to say what historical facts abundantly establish. They opened and led the way to the field of Port Gibson, and had successfully fought that battle for several hours before re-enforcements came. They led the way to Champion's Hill, and bore the brunt of that battle. Unassisted, they fought and won the battle of Big Black. They made the first, if not the only, lodgment in the enemy's works at Vicksburg, retaining their advantages longest, withdrawing last, and probably sustaining the greatest loss.

That their officers are subject to no just reproach is equally true. On the contrary, that my officers generally have borne themselves faithfully and gallantly is attested by conspicuous and incontrovertible facts. Their success is a conclusive testimonial of their merit.

While referring to the reports of DIVISION, brigade, and regimental commanders for particular notice of the officers of their commands most distinguishing themselves, it is proper, as the commander of the corps, that I should recommend Brigadier-Generals Hovey, Carr, and Osterhaus for promotion; also Colonels Slack, Stone, Keigwin, Landram, Lindsey, and Mudd. The skill, valor, and signal services of these officers entitle them to it.

Not having received the reports of Generals Blair, Smith, and Quinby, I have been unable to furnish a more particular account of the operations of their commands.

To the members of my staff I am largely indebted for zealous and valuable assistance. Colonel [Thomas S.] Mather, chief of staff and acting ordnance officer; Colonel Mudd, chief of cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel [Don A.] Pardee, acting inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel [Henry C.] Warmoth, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant-Colonel [Walter B.] Scates, assistant adjutant-general, and Major Butler, provost-marshal, all have been active, zealous, and eminently useful in their respective

---------------

*Killed and wounded.

---------------

