
spheres of duty. Lieutenant-Colonel Warmoth, while by my side during the assault of the 22nd ultimo, was severely wounded.

Lieutenants Hains, chief engineer of the corps, [William R.] McComas, [Henry] Jayne, and Mason, have commended themselves by ability, activity, and usefulness.

Lieutenant-Colonel [Grantham I.] Taggart, chief commissary, and Lieutenant-Colonel [James] Dunlap and Captain [Michael C.] Garber, quartermasters, have administered their affairs with an energy and success commanding my hearty approbation.

Major Forbes, medical director, has done everything that could be expected of an officer of rare talent, skill, and varied experience in his department.

Sympathizing with the general commanding the noble army of the Tennessee in the loss of so many brave men killed and wounded, I cannot but congratulate him, in my thankfulness to Providence, upon the many and signal successes which have crowned his arms.

JOHN A. McClernand,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Vicksburg, MISS., July 19, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. This report contains so many inaccuracies that to correct it, to make it a fair report to be handed down as historical, would require the rewriting of most of it. It is pretentious and egotistical, as is sufficiently shown by my own and all other reports accompanying.

The officers and men composing the Thirteenth Army Corps, throughout the campaign ending with the capture of Vicksburg, have done nobly, and there are no honors due the Army of the Tennessee in which they do not share equally.

U. S. GRANT,Major-General.

[ADJUTANT GENERAL U. S. ARMY.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Vicksburg, MISS., May 30, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a tabular statement of the number of killed, wounded, and MISSING of the several DIVISIONS of the Thirteenth Army Corps, Except the NINTH, in the several battles and skirmishes since I crossed the Mississippi River into the State of Mississippi. I can only give a partial report at the present time. I will add a summary of the casualties of the NINTH DIVISION as soon as received. In the more extended or full reports, which will be ready soon, slight corrections, doubtless, of this statement will be found. The press of public duties must be my apology for this delay.

Your most obedient servant,JOHN A. McClernand,

Major-General, Commanding.

