
may select in the State of Illinois, and report by letter to Headquarters of the Army for orders. * Major General E. O. C. Ord is hereby appointed to the command of the Thirteenth Army Corps, subject to the approval of the President, and will immediately assume charge of the same.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

A D D E N D A .

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., June 27, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: On the 4th instant I personally delivered the original of the accompanying paper, marked A, to Major-General Grant, upon the perusal of which he remarked in substance that he had underrated the obstacles frustrating the assault upon Vicksburg's defenses, and that he would answer my note in writing, and, as I understood him, satisfactorily. It has not yet been answered.

The original of the accompanying paper, marked B,+ was received by me on the evening of the 18th instant. The paper marked C++ is a copy of my answer, and paper marked D is a copy of General Grant's reply. $ Paper marked E is a copy of my protest.

In compliance with General Grant's order, I have the honor to report to Headquarters of the Army by letter for orders.

Having opened the way from Milliken's Bend above to Perkins' plantation, 40 miles below, Vicksburg; having led the advanced corps to Port Gibson and to Champion's Hill, and borne the brunt of both of Big Black unassisted by any other corps; having made the first and perhaps only lodgments in the enemy's works at Vicksburg on the 22nd ultimo, and demonstrated the vigor and persistency of my assault by the greatest loss, I ask, in justice, that I may be restored to my command at least until Vicksburg shall have fallen. Only two days before my banishment from the Department of the Tennessee, General Grant had increased my command by the positive addition of one DIVISION and by the contingent addition of two others, making it larger than the Fifteenth and SEVENTEENTH Army Corps combined, and therefore cannot consistently object upon the score of distrust of my fidelity or ability.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McClernand,

Major-General.

[Inclosure A.]

HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Battle-field near Vicksburg, MISS., June 4, 1863.

[Major General U. S. GRANT:]

GENERAL: What appears to be a systematic effort to destroy my usefulness and character as a commander makes it proper that I should address you this note. It is reported, among other things, as I understand, that I attacked on the 22nd ultimo without authority; again, that I attacked too late; again, that I am responsible for your failure and

---------------

*See McClernand to Grant, June 18, p. 166.

+See Inclosure Numbers 1, p. 159.

++See Inclosure Numbers 6, p. 164.

---------------

