
April 22. -Made another exploration with General Osterhaus up Bayou Vidal, some 8 or 9 miles along this bayou, part in flats and part on horseback, with a view of selecting the best place for the intended bridge. We met General Hovey at the basin, who was also in search of a place to bridge this bayou. Selected place for bridge, and in the afternoon moved camp 4 miles south, to Perkins' plantation.

April 23. -Embarked for Grand Gulf. Generals McClernand, Osterhaus, several other officers, and myself went down on the gunboat General Price. Sketched Grand Gulf.

April 24. -Made another sketch of Grand Gulf for the general.

April 25. -I received orders from General Osterhausto accompany an expedition, under command of Colonel Keigwin, from Perkins' plantation around Lake Saint Joseph to Hard Times Landing, opposite Grand Gulf, MISS. On this expedition I superintended the construction of three bridges, varying in spans of from 80 to 120 feet, over Holt's, Durassett's, and Phelps' Bayous. [See map.] These bridges were made of timber taken from barns in the immediate vicinity of the respective places. Large, dry beams, 50 feet long by 18 inches square, properly connected, were used to bear the flooring, which was also obtained from the side boarding of the barns. The flooring was again kept in place by so-called stretchers [pieces of timber 6 inches square]. Whenever the banks of the streams were too steep, I had them partly excavated and partly filled with rails, of which there was an abundance. When selecting the place for the fourth bridge over Clark's Bayou, on the 27th, I received orders to return to headquarters. After my arrival, I reported to General McClernand, and, upon his suggestion, also to Major General U. S. Grant, where I had the pleasure of meeting you also.

April 28. -Embarked again for Grand Gulf.

April 29. -The bombardment of Grand Gulf took place. Our DIVISION marched 4 miles farther south.

April 30. -Crossed the river to Bruinsburg, and marched toward Port Gibson. A fight ensued about dusk, some 6 miles from Port Gibson, and lasted till 3 a. m. May 1. Early in the morning the fight was resumed, and the battle of Thompson's Hill, 4 miles WEST of Port Gibson, took place. Sketched and surveyed the battle-field during the action, our DIVISION forming the left wing of General McClernand's corps d'armee. [See accompanying map.]

May 2. -Marched to Port Gibson. Surveyed the road from battle-field to this place roughly.

May 3. -Marched to Willow Springs.

May 4. -Made reconnaissance with General Osterhaus.

May 5. -Marched toward Black River to within 5 miles south of it on the Utica or Cayuga road, 24 miles northeast of Port Gibson. Met mounted enemy, about 500 strong, and dispersed them.

[See accompanying map of route march by this DIVISION.]

May 6. - Made sketch of this vicinity for the general.

May 7. -Made sketch of southern approaches to Vicksburg, partly from information gathered and partly from own observations, including Jackson, Gallatin, and Canton.

May 8. -Moved headquarters about 2 miles north. Made several copies of the sketch of the vicinity of Vicksburg and also reconnaissance to Big Black River. Enemy on the other side intrenching.

May 9. -Commenced another map. Got sick. Was in bed in the afternoon.

May 10. -Moved forward to Five-Mile Creek.

