
May 11. -Delivered a copy of my map, containing all information of the approaches to Vicksburg, to Lieutenant Hains.

May 12. -Marched toward Edwards. Was very sick in carriage.

May 13. -Moved again toward Raymond. Made four sketches for the use of outposts at this place.

May 15. -Moved again toward Bolton and Edwards Station.

May 16. -Battle of Champion's Hill, near Baker's Creek. Owing to my illness on this day, and being obliged to march at night, I was unable to survey the ground of this battle-field.

May 17. -Moved toward Big Black River Bridge. At this place another battle took place. Enemy strongly intrenched. Surveyed and sketched the ground [see accompanying map] soon after the evacuation of the enemy.

May 18. -Marched on to Vicksburg to within 4 miles of the place.

May 19. -Moved a little ahead to about 2 miles of town. Fighting commenced.

May 20. -Continued fighting. No ground gained.

May 21. -Selected place for one of our batteries [Foster's] and made sketch of the enemy's intrenchments, to be assailed by this DIVISION, for field use. Rather dangerous sharpshooting at this point.

May 22. -Witnessed grand charge on the enemy's works, and improved sketch of same.

May 23. -Made reconnaissance with some cavalry of by-roads in the vicinity of Mount Alban and Vicksburg.

May 24. -Our DIVISION received orders to march back to Big Black River Bridge.

From this date to June 1 my time was employed without intermission in making an addition to the survey of Big Black River Bridge and vicinity; in compiling map of route marched by this DIVISION, and in plotting, mapping, and copying the battle-fields of Thompson's Hill [Port Gibson] and Big Black River Bridge.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. TUNICA,

Engineer NINTH DIVISION, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES H. WILSON,

Asst. Insp. General, and First Lieutenant of Engineers.

Numbers 9. Message of President Davis, transmitting to the Confederate Congress certain correspondence with General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army. RICHMOND, VA., January 29, 1864.

To the House of Representatives:

In response to your resolution of the 11th ultimo, I herewith transmit, for your information, a copy of my correspondence, together with that of the Secretary of War and of the Adjutant and Inspector General, with General Joseph E. Johnston, during the months of May, June, and July, 1863, concerning his command and the operations in his department.

