
reports and orders if they must needs pass from Southwestern Virginia to Middle Tennessee and thence to Richmond, Va.

Your telegram of the 15th, suggesting orders for co-operative movement by General Buckner, manifests the defect of the existing arrangement while General Johnston's attention is absorbed by operations in Mississippi. I would be glad to have from you such suggestions as you may please to make in relation to the proper remedy for the existing evil. Your command could be extended to embrace that of General Buckner, by extending the limits of the Department of the Tennessee.

You will know better than myself how far the means of communication and your own leisure would permit you to direct the operations, especially in the eastern portion of General Buckner's department. You can also judge better than myself how far co-operation can be relied upon without the exercise of other command than that which arises after the junction of forces in camps, marches, &amp;c. There are no doubt many conditions which do not now occur to me, but which experience has brought to your attention, and I will be glad to have a full expression of your views, being happily fully aware that your wish can in nowise differ from my own-the success of our cause in the unequal struggle in which we are engaged.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

JACKSON, MISS., June 20, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

I much regret the carelessness of my reply of the 16th to your telegram of the 15th. In my dispatch of the 12th to the Secretary of War, I refer to words "we have withheld nothing which it was practicable to give" in your telegram of May 28, and to the telegram of June 5,* except the last sentence. I consider "Executive" as including Secretary of War.

J. E. Johnston.

RICHMOND, VA., June 25, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston,

Jackson, MISS.:

Telegram from Governor Pettus informs me of conference with you. Commodore [Samuel] Barron will transfer the funds to you, to be applied by you for the purpose indicated-in the defense of Western rivers. You will exercise discretionary power as to manner and objects.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

JACKSON, MISS., Via Montgomery, June 28, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

I have received what you directed Commodore Barron to give me, but since learning particulars of the scheme with which he was connected have no hope now of [the purchase of Helena]. The THIRD object seems to me feasible, and agents have been dispatched. [It is the destruction of transports.] I shall probably not require a tenth part of the money. +

J. E. Johnston.

---------------

*From the Secretary of War.

+The words in brackets are in original dispatch, but were omitted in copy as sent to the Confederate Congress.

---------------

