
As soon as practicable let the lists of regiments and other organizations be forwarded for same purpose. General Rains should now fully apply his invention.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

JACKSON, MISS., July 9, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

The enemy is advancing in two columns on Jackson; now about 4 miles distant. I shall endeavor to hold the place, as the possession of Mississippi depends on it. His force is about double ours.

J. E. Johnston,

General.

JACKSON, MISS., July 10, 1863.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. No report of Taylor's junction with Gardner has reached me, as it must have done if true, as we have 1,200 cavalry in that vicinity. I have nothing official from Vicksburg. Major Jacob Thompson, of General Pemberton's staff, gives me the following list: Lieutenant-General Pemberton, Major-Generals Stevenson, Forney, M. L. Smith, and Bowen; Brigadier-Generals Barton, Lee, Cumming, Moore, Hebert, Baldwin, Vaughin, Shoup; Colonels Reynolds, Waul, and Cockrell, commanders of brigades; also Brigadier-General [John W.] Harris, of Mississippi militia.

J. E. Johnston.

JACKSON, MISS., July 11, 1863.

The PRESIDENT:

Under General Pemberton's orders, a line of rifle-pits was constructed from the Canton road, at Colonel Withers' house, passing a few hundred yards from the railroad depot, and going to the New Orleans Railroad, 1,000 yards south. It is very defective cannot stand siege-but improves a bad position against assault. I thought want of water would compel this; but the enemy has made no attempt, but skirmished all day yesterday. Should he not assault, we must attack him or leave the place. Prisoners say there are Ord's and Sherman's corps and three other DIVISIONS. Their right is near Raymond road; their left on Pearl River, opposite Insane Asylum. Our men are deserting in large numbers by the fords on Pearl River.

J. E. Johnston.

RICHMOND, VA., July 11, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston,

Jackson, MISS.:

Dispatch of this day received and remarks on defects of intrenched line noted. Though late to attempt improvement, every effort should be made to strengthen the line of defense, and compel the enemy to assault. Am deeply distressed at report of desertions. Cannot the Governor aid you to check them by employing citizens as guards at the fords? Beauregard and Bragg are both threatened. The former now engaged with the enemy. We are entitled to discharge of the paroled prisoners, and the War Department will spare no effort to promptly secure it. The importance of your position is apparent, and you will not fail to employ

