
[III.] This command by its terms embraced the armies under command of General Bragg in Tennessee, of General Pemberton at Vicksburg, as well as those at Port Hudson, Mobile, and the forces in East Tennessee.

[IV.] This general order has never been changed nor modified so as to affect your command in a single particular, nor has your control over it been interfered with. I have, as commander-in-chief, given you some orders, which will be hereafter noticed; not one of them, however, indicating in any manner that the general control confided to you was restricted or impaired.

[V.] You exercised this command by visiting in person the armies at Murfreesborough, Vicksburg, Mobile, and elsewhere, and on the 22nd January I wrote you, directing that you should repair in person to the army at Tullahoma, on account of a reported want of harmony and confidence between General Bragg and his officers and troops. This letter closed with the following passage:

As that army is part of your command, no order will be necessary to give you authority there, as, whether present or absent, you have a right to direct its operations and do whatever else belongs to the general commanding. 22nd January, 1863

[VI.] Language cannot be plainer than this; and although the different armies in your geographical district were ordered to report directly to Richmond as well as to yourself, this was done solely to avoid the evil that would result from reporting through you when your headquarters might be, and it was expected frequently

would be, so located as to create delays injurious to the public interest.

[VII.] While at Tullahoma you did not hesitate to order troops from General Pemberton's army: and, learning that you had ordered the DIVISION of cavalry from Northern Mississippi to Tennessee, I telegraphed you that this order left Mississippi exposed to cavalry raids without means of checking them. You did not change your orders, and although I thought them injudicious, I refrained from exercising my authority in deference to your views.

[VIII.] When I learned that prejudice and malignity had so undermined the confidence of the troops at Vicksburg in their commander as to threaten disaster, I deemed the circumstances such as to present the case foreseen in Special Orders, Number 275, that you should-repair in person to any part of said command whenever your presence may for the time be necessary or desirable.

[IX.] You were therefore ordered on 9th May to-

proceed at once to Mississippi and take chief command of the forces, giving to those in the field as far as practicable the encouragement and benefit of your personal direction. 9th May, 1863

[X.] Some details were added about re-enforcements, but not a word affecting in the remotest degree your authority to command your geographical district.

[XI.] On the 4th June you telegraphed to the Secretary of War, in response to his inquiry, saying: 4th June, 1863.

My only plan is to relieve Vicksburg. My force is far too small for purpose. Tell me if you can increase it and how much.

[XII.] To which he answered on the 5th: 5th June, 1863.

I regret inability to promise more troops, as we have drained resources even to the danger of several points. You know best concerning General Bragg's army, but I fear to withdraw more. We are too far outnumbered in Virginia to spare any, &amp;c.

[XIII.] This dispatch shows that up to the 5th June, the War Office

