
that the manner in which I attempted to extenuate my misapprehension of the honorable Secretary's telegram of May 9 makes me obnoxious to the imputations of your letter, especially those of the concluding paragraph.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. Johnston.

P. S. -This letter was prepared at the time of its date, to be transmitted by an officer then going to Richmond. I have just discovered that he did not take it.

[Inclosure.]

CORRESPONDENCE OF THE SECRETARY OF WAR WITH GENERAL J. E. Johnston AND THE ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 8, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit copies of the orders given to, and correspondence with, General Joseph E. Johnston during the months of May, June, and July, 1863, concerning his command and the operations in his department, by this Department, as called for by a resolution of the House of Representatives adopted on December 11 last. Copies of the order assigning General Johnston to command and of those constituting General Bragg's a separate department (with the accompanying correspondence) are also sent in further elucidation of the subject.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Sub-Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Number 275. Richmond, Va., November 24, 1862.

III. General J. E. Johnston, C. S. Army, is hereby assigned to the following geographical command, to wit: Commencing with the Blue Ridge range of mountains running through the western part of North Carolina, and following the line of said mountains through the northern part of Georgia to the railroad south from Chattanooga; thence by that road to WEST Point, and down the WEST or right bank of the Chattahoochee River to the boundary of Alabama and Florida, following that boundary WEST to the Choctawhatchee River, and down that river to Choctawhatchee Bay (including the waters of that bay) to the Gulf of Mexico. All that portion of country WEST of said line to the Mississippi River is included in the above command. General Johnston will, for the purpose of correspondence and reports, establish his headquarters at Chattanooga, or such other place as in his judgment will best secure facilities for ready communication with the troops within the limits of his command, and will repair in person to any part of said command whenever his presence may for the time be necessary or desirable.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Duplicates of dispatches transmitted already printed, pp. 189-212, omitted.

---------------

