
itself at Clinton, on the railroad to Vicksburg, 10 miles from Jackson. The brigades of [John] Gregg and [W. H. T.] Walker had engaged this force the day before near Raymond, and arrived in Jackson as I did Brigadier-General Gregg estimates the force which he met, and a part of which he encountered, at 25,000.

On the following morning it was reported that a large body of Federal troops had encamped at Raymond the night before, and about 9 o'clock the pickets on the roads from Clinton and Raymond reported the enemy approaching and about 4 miles distant. The opposition of our troops delayed the enemy sufficiently to enable the baggage to be withdrawn, and about 1. 30 o'clock the troops followed; encamping that night 6 1/2 miles from Jackson, and yesterday here, 10 1/2 miles farther.

A dispatch from Lieutenant-General Pemberton, received yesterday, informed me that he would march on the 15th from Edwards Station to a point 7 1/2 miles WEST of Raymond.

On leaving Jackson I was compelled to send orders to the troops coming from the east to halt. I have given orders to provide them with field transportation, that they may join me to unite with General Pemberton, but wagons and horses must be brought from a distance. The force with me is about 6,000. General [S. R.] Gist, commanding the halted eastern troops, reported them yesterday morning at 1,500.

I have no information from General Pemberton except of his move to Dillon's with 17,000 men.

I learned at Jackson that a brigade holds Port Hudson. I have no information of the enemy's force except that written above.

My object is to unite all the troops.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. Johnston.

[Indorsement.]

Read and returned to the Secretary of War. Do not perceive why a junction was not attempted, which would have made our force nearly equal in number to the estimated strength of the enemy, and might have resulted in his total defeat under circumstances which rendered retreat or re-enforcement to him scarcely practicable.

J. D. [JEFFERSON DAVIS.]

CALHOUN STATION, MISS.,

May 17, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

I am just moving WEST to endeavor to join General Pemberton. Brigadier-General [John] Adams has reason to think that his appointment was not confirmed. I hope the apprehension is groundless. He is very valuable. Please inform me.

J. E. Johnston.

CAMP, BETWEEN LIVINGSTON AND BROWNSVILLE,

May 18, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond, Va.:

I inclose herewith a copy of a letter received last night from Lieutenant-General Pemberton. I have just telegraphed to you the information it contains, and added that a Mr. Shelton, of this neighborhood,

