
*JACKSON, MISS., May 25, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

Of the 10,000 men promised from Carolina and Georgia, but 6,500 have arrived. Do urge them forward.

J. E. Johnston.

RICHMOND, VA., May 25, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston,

Jackson, MISS:

General Bragg telegraphs the President, the 23rd, that he sent with you 3,500, three battalions of artillery, and 2,000 cavalry, and will dispatch 6,000 more immediately. No troops have been ordered from this quarter except about 7,000 from General Beauregard's command, which it is presumed have already joined you.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CANTON, MISS., May 26, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Please remind the President that in my dispatch of the 21st I stated that two major-generals would be required in Mississippi. Let me urge immediate action. Could not Brigadier-General [Joseph R.] Davis' brigade be sent?

J. E. Johnston.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., May 27, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Brigadier General G. J. Rains, having been detailed for duty in connection with torpedoes and sub-terra shells, has been ordered to report to you. The President has confidence in his inventions, and is desirous that they should be employed both on land and river, if opportunity offers, at Vicksburg and its vicinity. Should communications allow, you are desired to send him there; but if otherwise, to employ him in his devices against the enemy where most assailable in that way elsewhere. . All reasonable facilities and aid in his supply of men or material for the fair trial of his torpedoes and shells are requested on your part. Such means of offense against the enemy are approved and recognized by the Department as legitimate weapons of warfare.

With high esteem, very truly, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

JACKSON, MISS., May 27, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond Va.:

SIR: Saturday night, May 9, I received at Tullahoma your order, by telegraphic dispatch, to proceed to Mississippi and take immediate command of the army. I started the next morning. At Lake Station I re-

---------------

*This letter not transmitted to the Confederate Congress.

---------------

