
RICHMOND, VA., June 8, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston,

Canton, MISS:

General Whitfield was believed to be peculiarly acceptable to his brigade. What is the objection? Do you advise more re-enforcements from General Bragg? You, as commandant of the department, have power so to order, if you, in view of the whole case, so determine. We cannot send from Virginia or elsewhere, for we stand already not one to two.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CANTON, MISS., June 9, 1863.

VIA MONTGOMERY, [June] 10.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

Your dispatch of yesterday in cipher was received, but cannot be read. Please repeat it.

J. E. Johnston.

JACKSON, MISS., June 10, 1863.

(Received June 13.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of June 8, in cipher, received. You do not give orders in regard to the recently appointed general officers. Please do it. I have not at my [disposal] half the number of troops necessary. It is for the Government to determine what department, if any, can furnish the re-enforcements required. I cannot know here General Bragg's wants compared with mine. The Government can make such comparisons. Your dispatch is imperfectly deciphered.

J. E. Johnston.

JACKSON, MISS., June 12, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of the 8th imperfectly deciphered and partially answered on the 10th. I have not considered myself commanding in Tennessee since assignment here, and should not have felt authorized to take troops from that department after having been informed by the Executive that no more could be spared. To take from Bragg a force which would make this army fit to oppose Grant, would involve yielding Tennessee. It is for the Government to decide between this State and Tennessee.

J. E. Johnston.

CAMDEN, MISS., June 13, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

Scout at Friar's Point on the 9th instant reports nine transports full of infantry and artillery went down the river since Sunday; force supposed to be about 13,000. In addition to the above, same scout reports fourteen more transports crowded with infantry and artillery went down the river on the 10th instant.

J. E. Johnston.

