
CANTON, MISS, June 22, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of 21st received, but cannot be deciphered. Please repeat it, using as few words as possible in cipher.

J. E. Johnston.

JACKSON, MISS., June 23, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

General Ruggles reports that on the 20th instant attacked the enemy, 800 strong, with two guns, near Rocky Ford, on Tallahatchee. Routed him completely, captured his baggage train, ammunition, and supplies, killing about 50. Our loss small.

J. E. Johnston.

CANTON, MISS., June 24, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

Your two dispatches of 21st received. There has been no voluntary

inaction. When I came, all military materials of the department were in Vicksburg and Port Hudson. Artillery had to be brought from the east; horses for it and all field transportation procured in an exhausted country-much from Georgia brought over wretched railroads-and provisions collected. I have not had the means of moving. We cannot contend with the enemy north of the Yazoo. He can place a large force there in a few hours; we a small one in ten or twelve days. We cannot relieve Port Hudson without giving up Jackson, by which we should lose Mississippi. Kirby Smith sent troops to give all possible aid to Vicksburg, but they have not been used by their commanders.

J. E. Johnston,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 26, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston,

Jackson, MISS.:

I have just received reliable information through a friend from Baltimore that Grant telegraphed for supplies and ammunition, both failing. Train of cars laden with such was sent through Baltimore ten days ago, marked for Yazoo City, to proceed via Cairo, under charge of a person friendly to the South And anxious to have a

chance to yield them to capture. This may possibly prove useful.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

JACKSON, MISS., June 29, 1863.

General S. COOPER:

The following dispatch has just been received:

ALEXANDRIA, June 26, 1863,

VIA NATCHEZ, June 27.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston:

I have the honor to inform you that on the 23rd instant General Taylor stormed, at the point of the bayonet, with unloaded muskets, the enemy's position at Berwick

