
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., August 6, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Army of the WEST:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 28th ultimo, transmitting copy of a dispatch in cipher from the President to General J. E. Johnston, which you were not able to decipher. I inclose a copy from the original of the dispatch for the completion of your files.

Very respectfully,

G. W. C. LEE,

Colonel and Aide-de Camp.

P. S. -I have tested parts of your copy, and find no difficulty in deciphering it. The old key was probably used by your officer instead of the new, which, we had been informed by the Chief of the Signal Corps, had been substituted in all the military departments for the old key.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 18, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Brandon, MISS.:

Your dispatch of yesterday received, informing me of your retreat from Jackson toward the east. I desire to know your ulterior purpose. The enemy may not pursue, but move up the Central road, lay waste the rich country toward Tennessee, and co-operate afterward with Rosecrans. Another column, Eastern Louisiana being abandoned, may be sent from New Orleans to attack Mobile on the land side. The recommendation to furlough the paroled troops from Vicksburg offers a hard alternative under the pressure of our present condition.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., December 29, 1863.

THE PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: In response to a resolution of the House of Representatives, adopted on the 11th instant, I have the honor to transmit a copy of "the orders given to and correspondence had with General Joseph E. Johnston during the months of May, June, and July, 1863, concerning his command and the operation in his department. " A copy of the order assigning General Johnston to command is also transmitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

DECEMBER 31, 1863.

Captain [R. G. H.] KEAN:

The President directs me to suggest to the Secretary of War that the resolution seems to call for all correspondence had with General Johnston during the time specified-that which was had with the Executive as well as that with the War Office.

Did not the bundle of correspondence taken from this office by Major Barton include all? If so, will you not be good enough to ask him to have the proper additions made to this?

