
Again, you will perceive from the pencil cross near the top of the first PAGE of the first telegram from General Johnston that there id a manifest omission of one or more words. Please have the error corrected, and the rest of the manuscript carefully examined, and oblige, your obedient servant,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

DALTON, January 30, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

I respectfully ask to be furnished with Lieutenant-General Pemberton's explanation of his report, and also his supplemental report.

J. E. Johnston.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., June 11, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have received the following resolution of the House of Representatives, referred by Your Excellency to this Department:

Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested, in addition to the correspondence heretofore communicated to Congress between the President and Secretary of War and General Joseph E. Johnston, in relation to the conduct of the war in the Valley of the Mississippi, to communicate to Congress so much of said correspondence as has not yet been called for by this House, commencing with a letter of November 24, 1862, addressed by General Johnston to the Honorable G. W. Randolph, *Secretary of War, and including General Johnston's reply to the letter of the President of July last, which closes the published correspondence.

In response, I have the honor to transmit the accompanying copies of the correspondence on file in this Department. The preparation of these copies has been delayed by the absence in the field of most of the clerical force during the entire session of Congress, and the difficulty of finding some of the letters. One of General Johnston's communications, under date of April 28, 1863, has not yet been found, but I have directed further search to be made for it in the office of the Adjutant-General. As the adjournment of Congress is at hand, I have thought it best not to delay longer a response to the resolution of the House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

Number 10. Report of General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army, of operations March 12-July 20.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., December 24, 1863.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: In response to a resolution of the House of Representatives, I have the honor to submit here with the report of General J. E. John-

---------------

*See Johnston to Cooper, Series I, VOL. XVII, Part II, p. 758.

Of August 8, 1863. See p. 209.

Not identified; but see Johnston's correspondence, in Part III.

---------------

