
By the 13th, the enemy had extended his lines until both his flanks rested on Pearl River.

I telegraphed the President on the 14th that a large force lately left Vicksburg-

to turn us on the north. This will compel us to abandon Jackson. The troops before us have been intrenching and constructing batteries since their arrival.

On the 15th, I telegraphed the President:

The enemy is evidently making a siege which we cannot resist. It would be madness to attack him. The remainder of the army under Grant at Vicksburg is beyond doubt on its way to this place.

On the 16th of July, information was received that a large train from Vicksburg, loaded with ammunition, was near the enemy's camp. This and the condition of their batteries made it probable that Sherman would on the next day concentrate upon us the fire of nearly two hundred guns. It was also reported that the enemy had crossed Pearl River in rear of their left flank. The evacuation of Jackson that night was therefore determined on.

Our withdrawal was effected on the night of the 16th. All public property, and the sick and wounded, except a few not in a condition to be moved, had been previously carried to the rear. The right wing retired toward Brandon by the new Brandon road and the left wing by the old Brandon road. The cavalry remained to destroy the bridges over Pearl River and observe the enemy. The evacuation was not discovered by the enemy until the next day.

Our loss during the siege was estimated at 71 killed, 504 wounded, and about 25 MISSING.

The army retired by easy marches to Morton, distant about 35 miles from Jackson. Desertions during the siege and on the march were, I regret to say, frequent.

Two DIVISIONS of the enemy, with cavalry, drove our cavalry through Brandon on the 19th, returning to Jackson the next day. Their object seemed to be to destroy the railroad bridges and depots.

Colonel J. L. Logan, commanding a mounted force around Port Hudson, reported three successful engagements with detachments of the enemy. On July 12, I received information from Colonel Logan of the surrender of Port Hudson on the 9th. Subsequently the report of Major[C. M.]Jackson, inspector-general, was received, informing me of the surrender. That officer stated that provision was exhausted, and that the position of the enemy rendered it impossible for the garrison to cut its way out. But 2,500 of the garrison were fit for duty at the time of surrender.

The enemy advanced against Yazoo City both by land and water on the 13th. The attack by the gunboats was handsomely repulsed by our heavy battery, under the command of Commander Isaac N. Brown, of the Navy. The De Kalb, the flag-ship of the hostile squadron, an iron-clad, mounting thirteen guns, was sunk by a torpedo. To the force advancing by land no resistance was made by the garrison, commanded by Colonel [William B.] Creasman, of the Twenty-NINTH North Carolina Regiment.

I have introduced my dispatch of May 14 into this report because General Pemberton, after stating that it was not received until after the battle of Baker's Creek, claims that, although he had not acted on those instructions, the letter suggested the very movement he had made and for the same purpose. When the enemy was at Jackson, the letter suggested a movement for the sole purpose of dislodging him, and so

