
sent up the river. Two companies were directed to remain at Snyder's Mill, making a show of force until the approach of the enemy by land should compel them to retire. To them was intrusted the duty of forwarding all stores possible and of destroying the remainder. This detachment rejoined its command in Vicksburg on the morning of the 18th. Every precaution was taken to guard the important approaches to the city by Forney's and Smith's DIVISIONS, while the troops which had been engaged in the battles of the 16th and 17th were bivouacked in rear of the intrenchments. During these battles, the troops of Major-General Forney's DIVISION were disposed as follows: Brigadier-General Hebert's brigade occupied the line along the Yahoo River, from Haynes' Bluff to the Mississippi, including the approaches by Chickasaw Bayou; Brigadier-General [J. C.] Moore's brigade, with the Mississippi State troops (under General [John V.] Harris) attached (about 600), guarded the river front at Warrenton and the approaches from the lower ferries on Big Black River; Brigadier-General [F. A.] Shoup's brigade, of Major General Smith's DIVISION, guarded the river front of the city; Brigadier-General [W. E.] Baldwin's brigade, with [T. N.] Waul's Legion attached, guarded the approaches to the city from the Hall's Ferry road around to the railroad bridge on the Big Black; the heavy artillery at the batteries on the river front under Colonel [Edward] Higgins. Brigadier-General Moore's brigade was drawn in at once from Warrenton, and placed in the intrenchments on either side of the Baldwin's Ferry road. Brigadier-General Hebert's brigade arrived before daylight on the 18th, bringing with it all the light pieces, and, in addition, two 20-pounder Parrotts and a Whitworth gun. This brigade immediately occupied the intrenchments on both sides of the Jackson road.

On the morning of the 18th, the troops were disposed from right to left, as follows: Major-General Stevenson's DIVISION of four brigades occupied the line from the Warrenton road, including a portion of the river front, to the railroad, a distance of about 5 miles; Major-General Forney, with two brigades, the line between the railroad and the Graveyard road, about 2 miles, and Major-General Smith, with three brigades (the Mississippi State troops) and a small detachment from Loring's DIVISION, the line from the Graveyard road to the river front on the north, about 1 1/4 miles. Brigadier-General Bowen's DIVISION was held in reserve to strengthen any portion of the line most threatened, and Waul's Texas Legion (about 500) was in reserve, especially to support the right of Moore's or the left of Lee's brigades. On the entire line about one hundred and two pieces of artillery, of different caliber, principally field, were placed in position at such points as were deemed most suitable to the character of the gun, changes of location being made when occasion called for it. An engineer officer, under the supervision of Major Lockett, chief engineer of the department, was assigned to each DIVISION, with an assistant to each brigade commander. Daily reports were made through the proper channel to Major Lockett of the operations of the engineer department and of the progress of the enemy's works. Major Lockett thus kept me constantly informed of all important changes, making himself a daily report. Instructions had been given from Bovina that all cattle, sheep, and hogs belonging to private parties, and likely to fall into the hands of the enemy, should be driven within our lines. A large amount of fresh meat was secured in this way. The same instructions were given in regard to corn, and all disposable wagons applied to this end.

On the 18th, Colonel Wirt Adams, who had been previously directed to cross to the WEST bank of the Big Black with all his cavalry, was noti-

