
These assaults were made by larger bodies, and apparently with greater determination, than those of May 19.

Colonel Waul's Legion had previously been sent to General Stevenson,, but Green's brigade, of Bowen's DIVISION, was in reserve behind my right, and assisted in repelling the attack at that point. There were also on this day two Louisiana regiments of Smith's DIVISION in reserve behind my DIVISION.

The enemy was repulsed in each of his attempts, though he succeeded in getting a few men into our exterior ditches at each point of attack, from which they were, however, driven before night. Hand-grenades were used at each point with good effect.

A color-bearer and two stand of colors were captured by the SECOND Texas Regiment, of Moore's brigade.

On this day the casualties in my DIVISION were 42 killed and 95 wounded. The loss of the enemy must have reached 2,000.

General Smith, in his report of this assault, says:

The 22nd passed in the same manner until about 2 p. m., when a column was discovered advancing against the right of Shoup's brigade. It was immediately driven back. Another then approached on the right of the center. This was dispersed without great effort and with considerable loss. Again the enemy appeared in increased force on my right and Forney's left. He was promptly repulsed with heavy loss. This terminated the day's operations, with the exception of the same heavy fire of musketry and artillery kept up until dark along my entire front. After these several decided repulses, the enemy seemed to have abandoned the idea of taking by assault, and went vigorously at work to thoroughly invest and attack by regular approaches; and the history of one day is pretty much the history of all.

23rd . -This day was unusually quiet, with but little artillery firing until late in the afternoon. The sharpshooters of the enemy were more cautious, and he was evidently staggered by the severe repulse of the day previous. Many of his dead were still lying unburied in sight of our trenches. The fire from the mortar-fleet continued heavy and incessant. At night the engineers were again busily engaged in repairing the works in front of Lee, Moore, and Hebert, which were badly shattered.

24th. -At an early hour the mortar-fleet opened and kept up a continuous and heavy bombardment throughout the day. Just before dark the artillery from the rear opened a rapid and heavy fire, but not of long duration. In the afternoon the enemy attempted to mine our works on the Jackson road, but were soon driven off by the use of hand-grenades. During the night the engineers were engaged in increasing and strengthening our works. Before daylight our river pickets captured a barge laden with coal, which was sunk, it being found impracticable to unload it.

General Stevenson was ordered to have collected all the ammunition scattered in front of our trenches, and to have the cartridge-boxes of the enemy's dead emptied of their contents, it being important to add in any way to our limited supply of ammunition, and of musket-caps especially, of which latter we stood greatly in need, having one million more of cartridges than caps, without which latter, of course, the former could be of no possible value.

25th. -The enemy appeared in force to-day on the Warrenton and Hall's Ferry roads. The firing was about as usual until 6 o'clock, when a cessation of hostilities was agreed upon, to permit the enemy to bury his dead, killed in the assault of Friday. The following is the correspondence on the subject:
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA,Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

COMMANDING GENERAL UNITED STATES FORCES,

In Front of Vicksburg:

SIR: Two days having elapsed since your dead and wounded have been lying in our front, and yet no disposition on your part of a desire to remove them being exhibited,

