
Men who have shown so much endurance and courage as those now in Vicksburg will always challenge the respect of an adversary, and I can assure you will be treated with all the respect due to prisoner of war.

I do not favor the proposition of appointing commissioners to arrange terms of capitulation, because I have no terms other than those indicated above.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Upon the return of General Bowen with this letter, I understood that it was the desire of Major-General Grant to have a personal conference with me, and this being agreed to, at 3 p. m., accompanied by General Bowen and Captain [L. M.] Montgomery (then supposed to be a lieutenant-colonel), I proceeded to the lines, where I met General Grant surrounded by a number of his officers. I soon learned that there was a mutual misunderstanding in regard to the desire for this interview, and therefore informed General Grant that if he had no terms to propose other than were contained in his letter, the conference could terminate and hostilities be resumed immediately. After some further conversation, he proposed that General Bowen and Captain Montgomery and two of his officers (Major-Generals McPherson and Smith) should retire for consultation, and suggest such terms as they might think proper for our consideration. After some conversation between these officers, we parted, with the understanding that General Grant would communicate with me by 10 p. m., and about that hour the following letter was received:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, MISS., July 3, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Vicksburg, MISS.:

GENERAL: In conformity with agreement of this afternoon, I will submit the following proposition for the surrender of the city of Vicksburg, public stores,&amp;c.:

On your accepting the terms proposed, I will march in one DIVISION as a guard, and take possession at 8 a. m. tomorrow. As soon as rolls can be made out, and paroles signed by officers and men, you will be allowed to march out of our lines, the officers taking with them their side-arms and clothing, and the field, staff, and cavalry officers one horse each. The rank and file will be allowed all their clothing, but no other property. If these conditions are accepted, any amount of rations you may deem necessary can be taken from the stores you now have, and also the necessary cooking utensils for preparing them. Thirty wagons also, counting two two-horse or mule teams as one, will be allowed to transport such articles as cannot be carried along.

The same conditions will be allowed to all sick and wounded officers and soldiers as fast as they become able to travel.

The paroles for these latter must be signed, however, while officers are present authorized to sign the roll of prisoners.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

This letter was immediately submitted to a council of general officers. My own inclination was to reject these terms, but after some discussion I addressed General Grant as follows:
HEADQUARTERS,Vicksburg, MISS., July 3, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding United States Forces, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, proposing terms of capitulation for this garrison and post.

In the main, your terms are accepted; but in justice both to the honor and spirit of my troops, manifested in the defense of Vicksburg, I have to submit the following amendments, which, if acceded to by you, will perfect the agreement between us:

At 10 a. m. tomorrow I propose to evacuate the works in and around Vicksburg, and to surrender the city and garrison under my command, by marching out with

