
I cannot, however, close without expressing my especial thanks to Major Generals C. L. Stevenson, John H. Forney, and M. L. Smith, and to Brigadier-Generals Barton, Cumming, Lee, and Colonel A. W. Reynolds, of General Stevenson's DIVISION; to Major-General Forney's brigade commanders (Brigadier-Generals Hebert and Moore); to Major General M. L. Smith's brigade commanders (Brigadier-Generals Shoup, Baldwin, and Vaughn); to Colonels [E.] Gates, [T. P.] Dockery, and [F. M.] Cockrell, of Bowen's DIVISION, and to Colonel [Edward] Higgins, commanding the heavy batteries, and Colonel [T. N.] Waul, of the Texas Legion. If the most unremitting attention to the arduous duties of their position entitle officers to commendation and respect, they have each and all won it during the protracted and trying siege.

To Major General C. L. Stevenson I am particularly indebted for much and valuable aid in many ways during the siege. To his immediate supervision was principally intrusted the subsistence of the troops.

To the officers of my staff I return my sincere thanks for the cheerful and zealous manner in which they have discharged all their duties. Colonel Thomas H. Taylor, who accompanied me on the field at Baker's Creek, and who during the siege was assigned to duty as inspector-general and commandant of the post, in both capacities rendered most valuable service.

Major Jacob Thompson, inspector-general of the department, also accompanied me on the field, and on that occasion, as on all others, whether in the office or in the active performance of the duties of his department, has ever shown himself zealous and competent. Major Thompson, immediately after the retreat into Vicksburg, was, in company with Major [Sturges] Sprague, dispatched to communicate personally with General Johnston.

Major R. W. Memminger, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff. and Major W. H. McCardle, assistant adjutant-general, have for many months been in the constant performance of the arduous and responsible duties pertaining to the adjutant-general's department. It is little to say that on these officers, assisted by SECOND Lieutenant F. M. Stafford, C. S. Army, and acting assistant adjutant-general, has devolved a labor and an amount of business scarcely equaled in any other military department of the Confederacy. Day and night they have devoted themselves to the public service, and I specially commend them and Major J. Thompson to the favorable consideration of the Government.

No officer in the department has been more constantly and actively engaged than Major Samuel H. Lockett, chief engineer. His professional skill and excellent judgment have been exhibited wherever occasion required it, from Grenada to Port Hudson. During the siege of Vicksburg, none exposed themselves more fearlessly to danger than he and his gallant assistants, Captains Powhatan Robinson, J. M. Couper, J. J. Conway, D. Wintter, and James [T.] Hogane, and Lieutenants E. W. McMahon, W. O. Flynn, George Donnellan, A. W. Gloster, [R. R.] Southard,-Blessing, and Mr. [H.] Ginder. It gives me pleasure to name them and to ask a recognition of their merits.

I consider myself to have been particularly fortunate in the selection of chief quartermaster of the Department of Mississippi and Eastern Louisiana. Major L. Mims entered upon the duties of that office immediately on my assuming command, and has proved himself eminently qualified for the position. His energy and capacity I have rarely seen equaled. I believe no man could have done more with the means at his disposal. Major Mims was greatly aided by that most excellent and efficient officer, Major George Whitfield, quartermaster in charge of transportation

