
department. Major Theo. Johnston, chief of subsistence, has been untiring in his efforts to provide for so large a command. He had great difficulties to contend with and generally has met them successfully. I am also greatly indebted to Major A. B. Cooke, my chief paymaster, for the ability and energy he has displayed in the execution of the business of his office.

To Major G. L. Gillespie, chief commissary of General Stevenson's DIVISION, and acting chief commissary of the army during the siege, I owe my thanks. Much is due to his energy and good judgment. Also to Major [Richard] Orme, General Stevenson's chief quartermaster.

Surg. E. H. Bryan, acting medical director of the army of Vicksburg, accompanied me on the field, and performed all his duties there and during the siege to my entire satisfaction.

Captain [J.] Brice, ordnance storekeeper, displayed great ability and devotion to duty during the siege. He was ever where he should have been, and was emphatically the right man in the right place.

Colonel C. A. Fuller, inspector of heavy artillery; Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Saunders (Provisional Army), chief of artillery of the department, performed their respective duties satisfactorily, and Colonel Saunders accompanied me on the field, where he rendered me valuable service.

Colonel W. T. Withers, chief of field artillery with the army, was active and attentive to his duties and prompt in the execution of orders. In addition to his duties as chief of artillery, Colonel Withers continued in the command of his regiment. He also accompanied me on the field.

Captain C. McRae Selph, assistant adjutant-general, on duty with Colonel T. H. Taylor, was of great assistance to that excellent officer, more particularly during the siege. He also accompanied me on the field, and was constantly engaged in the transmission of orders.

To my personal staff-Lieutenant J. H. Morrison, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant J. C. Taylor, aide-de-camp; and Lieutenant H. C. Tupper, Twenty-fourth Mississippi Volunteers, and aide-de-camp-I am greatly indebted not only for service on the field, but for much laborious duty in the office, and I commend them to the favorable consideration of the Government.

Captain L. M. Montgomery, being unable to reach the Trans-Mississippi Department to which he had been assigned, tendered his services as volunteer aide-de-camp, who also accompanied me on the field and was constantly engaged in the transmission of orders, I tender my sincere thanks. Also to Captain J. M. Couper, Fourteenth [Twentieth] Mississippi, who served me as volunteer aide-de-camp on the occasion of the battle of Baker's Creek.

Captain [J. W.] Barclay and Lieutenant [Harris] Wilkerson, of Bowen's DIVISION, with 50 brave fellows of that command, are entitled to special mention for their gallant conduct on the night of May 30, in burning the sunken gunboat Cincinnati, which they accomplished as far as was practicable with an iron-clad vessel in her condition. They brought off her flag, which I presented to them.

My thanks are also due to the following officers and men, who rendered valuable service in transmitting dispatches through the enemy's lines to and from General Johnston, viz: Captains Hill, Sanders, and Couper, Lieutenant G. D. Wise, Lieutenant Smith (of the Twentieth Mississippi Regiment), and Privates [E. G.] Walker and [Charles] McInroe (of Johnson's cavalry), Lamar Fontaine (a discharged soldier), and Private W. H. Webb, of the Twentieth Mississippi Regiment, who twice successfully passed from Vicksburg to General Johnston's headquarters.

