
Sergt. Thomas P. Lynch, First Louisiana Artillery, commanding the river police, by his vigilance and activity, rendered most valuable services throughout the siege, and is entitled to, as he deserves, the consideration of the Government.

Sergt. R. H. [G.] Gaines, Company K, Twenty-THIRD Alabama Regiment, was conspicuous for his personal gallantry at Baker's Creek. The men at a gun having been all disabled, he served the piece alone, firing from 10 to 15 rounds.

Ordnance Sergt. W. F. Luckett was also distinguished for his coolness and daring, and was killed while carrying ammunition through a very heavy fire.

Private Pudic, of the Nineteenth Arkansas, was also conspicuous for his heroic bearing. Constantly in the thickest of the fight, always in advance of his regiment, unheeding the orders to retire, his gallantry won universal admiration.

To D. H. Huyett, of the engineer corps, my thanks are due. On May 19, I dispatched him to Richmond with maps and valuable papers. In the face of many obstacles he succeeded in passing the enemy's lines, and successfully discharged his mission.

Major J. D. Bradford, assistant inspector-general, is entitled to my thanks for valuable and important services on several occasions, and I regret that I was by his illness at the time of the investment deprived of them during the siege.

I cannot close this report without a brief tribute to the memory of two of the best soldiers in the Confederate service. I refer to Major General John S. Bowen and Brigadier General Martin E. Green. Always faithful, zealous, and brave, they fell as became them in the discharge of their duty. General Green died with a bullet in his brain upon the lines he had so long and so gallantly defended. General Bowen, having passed scathless through the bloody scenes of Shiloh, Iuka, Corinth, Grand Gulf, Port Gibson, Baker's Creek, and Vicksburg, perished by disease on the march from Vicksburg to Jackson, after the capitulation. I can utter no higher eulogium upon him than to say he always performed his duty and never avoided danger.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.
HEADQUARTERS,Gainesville, Ala., August 26, 1863.

In my report of the operations in Vicksburg, I omitted to mention Major H. M. Mathews, chief of ordnance for Stevenson's DIVISION and acting chief for the entire command, as entitled to commendation for the active and zealous performance of all his duties. Please make the insertion in my report.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond.

