
[Appendix A.]

Correspondence relative to Subsistence.

COMMISSARY OFFICE, Canton March 7, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston,

Chief of Subsistence, Jackson, MISS.:

DEAR SIR: My agent returned this evening from some of the counties above this place, and has purchased some bacon and corn, which will be in a few days. He reports a good deal of bacon for sale. Some are willing to take 50 cents; some ask as much as 75 cents a pound. He says the farmers are expecting to have their meat impressed, and will not sell until it is impressed, and then they will be willing to divide, believing that if they sell all they can spare, an order might come to impress the balance. My agent says that by setting the price at 50 cents, and an order to impress, he thinks he can get some 30,000 or 50,000 pounds in two or three counties above here.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. W. MERIWETHER,

Captain and Acting Commissary of Subsistence.

MACON,, MISS., March 7, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston:

Colonel Baskerville, of Columbus, MISS., has an agent here whom he has instructed to pay 70 cents for bacon. What can be expected for us to do when such a course is permitted by Government agents?

[W. C.] DOWD,

[C. M.] BOYCE,

Captains and Acting Commissaries of Subsistence.

JACKSON, MISS., March 7, 1863.

Captains DOWD and BOYCE, Macon, MISS.:

I know no Government agent by the name of Baskerville. There is a merchant of that name who resides at Columbus. You are authorized to impress bacon in the hands of speculators. No authority has been given to pay 70 cents for bacon. Take the bacon.

THEO. Johnston,

Major and Chief of Subsistence.

OFFICE CHIEF OF SUBSISTENCE, DEPT. MISS. AND E. La.,

Jackson, March 9, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson:

MAJOR: Inclosed I have the honor to forward consolidated report of commissary stores at the different posts and depots within the department. Since the 1st instant, I have had about 9000 hogs at Port Hudson slaughtered, which will increase the salt-meat rations about 300,000; 1,000 hogs I have ordered sent to Vicksburg. It is too late now to attempt to cure meat, and I have ordered hogs killed and issued to the troops at that place. By doing this, I think I will have a sufficiency of

