
JACKSON, MISS., March 19, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

I propose to endeavor to subsist my army as hitherto-have agents with large amount of funds to make purchases of corn, beef, and bacon WEST of Mississippi River, and also collecting some supplies in this State. The instructions of Commissary-General to Major Johnston to withdraw his agents from WEST of the Mississippi River, and to make all purchases through Lieutenant-Colonel [W. A.] Broadwell, would upset all my arrangements, and is, besides, impracticable. Colonel Broadwell has not been within this department for about six weeks. I am glad to receive assistance from him, but chief of subsistence of this department must, of course, be under my control. Have released, pursuant to your order, all sugar except six weeks' supply for this department. Navigation of Mississippi River again cut off; neither subsistence nor ordnance can come or go. I hope you will not attribute my acts or requests to any motives but good of the service. I have none other.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General Commanding.

JACKSON, MISS., March 19, 1863.

Major-General GARDNER, Port Hudson, MISS.:

If notified by General Stevenson that boats pass up by Vicksburg, send about 200,000 pounds-and 10,000 bushels of corn, of that which will arrive by boats at Port Hudson, immediately, up Big Black.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;c.,Jackson, March 19, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON, Vicksburg, MISS.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that the chief quartermaster and commissary of the department have been directed to instruct their agents engaged in purchasing and transporting supplies of grain along the Yazoo and its tributaries that they will maintain a uniformity of prices, avoiding all competition. It is desired that all instructions as to purchases in this section should come through the chiefs of the departments.

I am, respectfully, &c.,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, &c.,Jackson, March 19, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston, Chief of Subsistence:

MAJOR: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that in reference to supplies of grain, &c., collected on the Yazoo and its tributaries to be-at Snyder's Bluff, you will make such arrangements with Major L. Mims, chief quartermaster, both as regards the purchase and transportation of such supplies, as will secure a uniformity in the purchase price and the cost of transportation. You will also see that all your agents obtain and follow such instruction, and

