
that uniform price is established throughout. You will see that the agent of the commissary of the SECOND military district follows similar instructions. The object to be maintained is uniformity in price, that no competition arise between the agents of the quartermaster's and commissary departments. He also directs you establish on some steam transport a mill for the purpose of grinding corn at such points as is convenient, as he is informed that there are many transports that can be used as such. I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA,Jackson, March 20, 1863.

Major L. MIMS, Chief Quartermaster:

MAJOR: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to inclose this dispatch to you, and say to you that you will take measures to provide boats to transport troops up the river and supplies down. You will inform him what boats you can obtain. Boats of larger class will be retained for the transportation on the Yazoo, and those of the smaller class kept for the navigation of the small streams and the Tallahatchee. The general desires a complete organization of the boat system on the Yazoo. Such boats as are being armed and clad with cotton will be exempt from these arrangements.

I am, respectfully,

J. D. BRADFORD,

Major, &amp;c.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA,Jackson, March 20, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Assistant Adjutant-General, Tullahoma

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose the within communication of Major Mims, chief quartermaster, with regard to complaints made against his department, with his reply. * I fully concur, and think the case so palpable as not to require that further be said. Should there be any charges specifically brought against any officer of the quartermaster's or commissary department in this command, I will use every effort to have the case thoroughly investigated. I deem it scarce necessary to say to you that the efforts which have brought complaint against myself and the officers of the quartermaster's and commissary departments acting under my instructions have been entirely for the public good.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA,Jackson; March 20, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR, Commanding, &c., Alexandria:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say, in reply to your letter of 12th instant, that he addressed General Smith only after

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

