
JACKSON, March 21, 1863.

Major-General GARDNER,

Port Hudson:

Send no boat here until you hear form myself or General Stevenson

that the river is clear. I have every confidence of your using every exertion to unload the boats. Telegraph every day the amount of corn and meat on hand.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Jackson, March 21, 1863.

M

Major THEO. Johnston,

Chief of Subsistence:

MAJOR: The lieutenant-general directs that you send a bonded commissary to the Yazoo, with money to make any necessary payments due there, and to purchase supplies not only for the troops at Snyder's Mill, but for General Loring and all the troops in and around the Tallahatchee, Sunflower, and Deer Creek. You can, at your option, employ Mr. John McFarland for this purpose, making him either disbursing and purchasing agent, or simply an agent for the procuring of supplies as above. He is reported as an active, energetic, and reliable gentleman, and a most trustworthy agent. In case you employ Mr. McFarland as agent, you can supply him with funds to make immediate payments, or cause all his bills to be paid on presentation. The rates of purchase must conform to those established.

I am, major, &C.,

J. D. BRADFORD,

Major, &c.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA,Jackson, March 22, 1863.

Major-General BUCKNER,

Commanding, &c., Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that a lot of flour (490 barrels), seized in Mobile, be released, and transportation allowed to its destination, Captain G. A. Woodward, Vicksburg. This flour was purchased for use in the commissary department, and is much needed here. You will remember that all produce not grown or raised in this department is allowed to pass freely to Mobile.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, March 22, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON:

Notify Colonel - when it is safe to send boats up river from Natchez or Red River.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

