
the wastage which would result from putting off corn in situations inaccessible to wagons. The statements of the anonymous "captain of the Trent" are in the sense in which they are meant-false; as is also that of Captain Woods in regard to the bulk pork, and of "Mr. Macauley" about the corn. No such things occurred at all in this department. I have never had pork lying a week in the rain or one moment longer than was absolutely necessary to have it hauled. I believe there was only one lot rained upon-that only for one day. It was resulted and saved. I have never lost a pound of corn by submersion.

In conclusion, the letter of Lieutenant Cammack is reckless, unfounded, and dictated by an evil spirit unbecoming an official document. I am surprised Major Johnston should have lent so eager an ear to such vague and thoughtless accusations against an officer whom he has complimented for the very qualities the want of which is now charged. Surely that is not to "render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's," and can only be accounted for by an excessive aversion to unnecessarily expending "toil, time, and money," evinced in his letter as well as in the scanty supplies sent to this post, coupled with an equally strong desire to escape the consequent responsibility.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH P. CARR,

Major and Acting Commissary of Subsistence.

JACKSON, March 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Panola, MISS.:

If you consider it practicable that supplies can be drawn from country along Memphis Railroad, press it to completion as far as Sardis. You are authorized to impress negroes. If it is probable enemy will break up railroad, do not press it forward.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, March 30, 1863

Major L. MIMS, Jackson:

I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inquire if arrangements have been made to supply animals for the horse-cars between Oxford and Holly Springs,

I am, major, very respectfully, &c.,

H. C. TUPPER,

Aide-de-Camp.

JACKSON, March 30, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston,

Chief of Subsistence:

MAJOR: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to direct you to make arrangements to have the cattle driven down from the Mississippi Central Railroad without waiting for transportation.

Very respectfully,

H. C. TUPPER,

Aide-de-Camp.

