
JACKSON, March 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Panola, MISS.:

When parties refuse Confederate money for supplies wanted by the Government, impress them.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA,Jackson, April 1, 1863.

Major John McFarland, Yazoo City:

SIR: In reply to your letter, lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that he relies upon you to supply the troops with beef. He will not restrict you to 10 cents per pound, but hopes you will obtain it on the best possible terms. Major [Theo.] Johnston will keep you supplied with funds, so you may purchase on the most advantageous terms. It would be more difficult to get a proper amount of molasses to you than to procure beef.

Say to Mr. Weldon that his account will be p; aid at Fort Pemberton as soon as the amount is ascertained by a proper officer. General Loring must in all cases examine and approve the account, and he must keep distinct the expenses properly incurred by each branch of the service. The construction of rafts and the necessary expenses incident thereto belongs to the engineer bureau; the transportation, &amp;c., to quartermaster, and the subsistence to the commissary. Each of the three items belonging to these different classifications must be kept distinct and stated separately.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA,Jackson, April 3, 1863.

Major L. MIMS,

Chief Quartermaster, Jackson, MISS.:

MAJOR: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that the means of transportation on the Mississippi Central Railroad is by no means sufficient, and the transportation of supplies is thereby greatly delayed. Your attention is directed to this fact, to remedy which you will request the authorities of the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad to return the cars belonging on the Mississippi Central Railroad. If they are unwilling so to do, you will return the cars (a sufficient number), notwithstanding the dissent of such authorities.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, April 5, 1863.

Major General C. L. STEVENSON:

The Hine must not go down until mouth of Red River is open. At last report enemy's fleet was there.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

