
JACKSON, April 6, 1863.

Captain E. POWELL, Natchez:

Send a courier at once to Red River to notify all loaded boats to be in readiness to come to Big Black the moment they are ordered.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, April 6, 1863.

Major L. MIMS,

Jackson, MISS.:

In reply to your communication of this day's date, referring to the necessity of the transfer of corn from the Mobile and Ohio Railroad to the Southern Railroad, I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that he deems it advisable that the corn referred to be stored at Meridian, the necessity for its shipment to Vicksburg not being very pressing, and regarding it more important that the cars be retained on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad for the purpose of bringing supplies from the country above Meridian - to that point than that at the present time the cars be run through to Vicksburg and the transportation on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad temporarily delayed. This corn can, therefore, for the present be stored at Meridian, and removed when transportation can be more readily obtained on the Southern Railroad.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, April 6, 1863.

Major General FRANK. GARDNER,

Port Hudson:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of 3rd instant, inclosing report from Major [J. P.] Carr, acting commissary of subsistence, I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say: As complaints in the delay of removing corn were not only preferred by Major [Theo.] Johnston, but also by Lieutenant-Colonel [W. A.] Broadwell, agent for the Commissary-General for supplying the armies of the Confederate States, it would appear that there was inexcusable delay in unloading the boats and removing the supplies. If there were not sufficient hands, soldiers should have been detailed for the purpose.

I am, respectfully, &c.,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, April 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. S. LOVELL,

Natchez:

You don't mention amount of corn on river; think it as safe to run up Red River; unless gets full load, can take it coming back. Order Hine accordingly.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant General, Commanding.

