
simply create the impression that there must be a great demand, and, consequently, cause the planter to hold back form higher prices. Such action should cease.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. Johnston,

Major, &amp;c.

JACKSON, April 13, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. Johnston, Tullahoma:

Cars cannot run above Okolona. I am now establishing depots of corn at Enterprise and Meridian; shall also at Macon and Columbus. Meat can only be obtained in moderate quantities for want of wagon transportation. Will do all I can. Have no knowledge of my purchasing agents being in Alabama. Have ordered recall.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA,Jackson, April 13, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston, Chief of Subsistence, Jackson:

MAJOR: In reply to your communication of this day's date, I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that no more

shipments are desired to be made to Vicksburg at present.

I am, respectfully,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF OF SUBSISTENCE, DEPT. MISS. AND E. La.,

Jackson, April 14, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, MISS.:

MAJOR: Inclosed I remit all the information that I have in relation to the condition of commissary stores at Port Hudson, except what has been said by persons whose names I did not take; but almost all with whom I have conversed united in saying that there was great waste of stores at that post. Whether these statements were true I have not had an opportunity of m; y own knowledge to ascertain, but I know the gentlemen who have made the statements to be of undoubted integrity. I am pleased to know that an investigation is to be made, and, if there has been neglect of duty, the fact will be known.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. Johnston,

Major and Chief of Subsistence.

JACKSON, April 14, 1863.

Major THEO. Johnston, Chief of Subsistence, Jackson:

MAJOR: In reply to your communication of this day, I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that the enemy's gunboats are reported at the mouth of Red River. Nothing can go down.

I am, respectfully, &C.,

R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

