
If, in the opinion of the lieutenant-general commanding, any action is necessary, I would be pleased to have an investigation or something done which will prevent a repetition or continuation of such a condition of things as has for some time existed at that post. I cannot determine where the fault lies, but the facts are

as stated.

Under date of April 5, Major Carr says:

The issues have been of pork and bacon for the greater part of the time at three fourths of a pound to the ration, by order of General Gardner.

I respectfully request that General Gardner be desired to revoke his order. One-half pound per day is all that has been issued for many months in this department. In Virginia one-fourth of a pound only is issued. I request also that General Gardner be instructed to have issued to the troops of his command beef five days in seven.

I am, major, respectfully, &amp;c.,

THEO. Johnston,

Major and Chief of Subsistence.

JACKSON, April 24, 1863.

Major General FRANK. GARDNER,

Port Hudson, La.:

You will issue salt meat, not to exceed three times a week, including salt beef and lard, rice in lieu of the corn, at the rates directed by department. Molasses and sugar may be issued in lieu of meat until fresh beef can be obtained. You must send to Louisiana parishes a party to assist Captain [J. B.] Chrisman in collecting beef for Port Hudson. Enemy is making raids as low as Southern Railroad; danger of supplies being cut off.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, April 25, 1863.

Brigadier General John S. BOWEN, Grand Gulf:

What amount of bacon in cargo? I propose sending it to Port Hudson, via Woodville. Answer.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, April 26, 1863.

Brigadier General John S. BOWEN:

The meat in Cole's Creek must be sent direct to Port Hudson, via Washington, to Woodville, where General Gardner's agents will take it. What is now on the way to Port Hudson may await their further orders.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF Mississippi AND EASTERN LOUISIANA,Jackson, April 30, 1863.

PRESIDENT SOUTHERN RAILROAD, Jackson:

SIR: It is of the utmost importance that the break in your road should be repaired with the greatest expedition, and I hope that you will de-

