
JACKSON, MISS., April 29, 1863.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, Richmond, Va.:

Daily complaints are made of friction-primers sent to this department. Usually three out of five fail. It is worse than useless to send tin ones here. Send at least 10,000 copper ones by special messenger with all haste.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[Appendix C.]

List of officers and enlisted men mentioned for gallant conduct in battles of Baker's Creek, Big Black, and during siege of Vicksburg; also tabular statement of killed, wounded, and MISSING of Stevenson's and Bowen's DIVISIONS during same time.

List of officers, non-commissioned officers, and enlisted men specially mentioned for gallant conduct in the battle of Baker's Creek and during the siege of Vicksburg:

BAKER'S CREEK.

Mentioned by Major General C. L. Stevenson:

Brigadier General S. D. Lee, gallant conduct during entire engagement, having three horses shot under him. Major [J. W.] Anderson, chief of artillery, gallantly falling in full discharge of his duties. Captain [S. J.] Ridley, Company A, First Mississippi Artillery, fell, fighting, his guns single-handed and alone, winning even from his enemies the highest tribute of admiration. Captains [Max Van Den] Corput and [J. W.] Johnston, fought their batteries to last extremity, aided by non-commissioned officers and men. Captain

[J. F.] Waddell, First Mississippi [Alabama] Artillery, fought guns to last extremity, and, when battery was retaken, aided by Lieutenant G. D. Wise, ordnance officer of Cumming's brigade, fought guns until Missourians had to fall back. Major J. J. Reeve, assistant adjutant-general conduct and coolness in leading men into action. Major [Howell] Webb, inspector-general, gallant conduct. Captain J. W. Mathews, acting assistant adjutant-general, gallant conduct. Surg. H. M. Compton, gallant conduct. First Lieutenant [Henry T.] Botts, gallant conduct. Colonel G. A. Heyward, volunteer aide-de-camp, gallant conduct. Mr. D. E. Norris, telegraph operator, for rendering valuable services. Private A. T. Sullivan, for rendering valuable services.

Mentioned by Colonel [T. P.] Dockery, commanding Missouri brigade:

Sergt. R. H. G. Gaines, Company K, Twenty-THIRD Alabama, gallant conduct; unassisted and alone, he used with good effect a 12-pounder howitzer on the flanking column of enemy; y, firing from 12 to 15 rounds. Lieutenant-Colonel [W. H.] Dismukes fell, mortally wounded, gallantly charging the enemy's batteries. Private Pudic, Nineteenth Arkansas, gallant conduct during entire engagement, keeping in front of his regiment during whole day, using his gun with good effect.

Mentioned by Colonel [F. M.] Cockrell, commanding Missouri brigade:

Captain Waddell, First Mississippi [Alabama] Artillery, gallant conduct. Captains Carrington and Spangler and Lieutenant [T. J.] Dobyns, First Missouri Infantry, fell, gallantly fighting the enemy. Captain [W. P.] McIlvain, THIRD Missouri Infantry, fell, gallantly fight

