
strong force, you will meet them. If, instead of advancing on Jackson, he should advance on Big Black Bridge, the command, under direction of the senior officer, will attack him in rear and flank.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

Vicksburg, May 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General WALKER, Jackson:

Enemy is reported advancing in heavy force on Jackson. Hold your command in readiness, and move toward Raymond, either to support General Gregg at that place or to cover his retreat. Telegraph to hurry up re-enforcements.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

General Loring "had been ordered to attack before General Cumming's brigade gave way", and the order had been again and again repeated; and in my opinion "had Stevenson's DIVISION been promptly sustained," his troops would have deported themselves gallantly and creditably.

I have received no explanation of "the extraordinary failure of General Loring to comply with m; y reiterated orders to attack," and I do "feel assured that m; y orders were received by him. "

Hoping, sir, that these explanations may prove satisfactory, I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., December 14, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Having been allowed the opportunity; y of reading General J. E. Johnston's report of the military operations in the Department of Mississippi and Eastern Louisiana during the months of May, June, and July last, in justice to myself I request to be permitted to make the following additional report:

The first order from General Johnston, dated at Jackson, May 13, was received by me near Bovina on the morning of the 14th, I think between 9 and 10 o'clock. It was in these terms:

I have lately arrived, and learn that Major-General Sherman is between us with four DIVISIONS at Clinton. it is important to re-establish communication, that you may be re-enforced. If practicable, come up in his rear at once. To beat such a detachment would be of immense value. The troops here could co-operate. All the strength you can quickly assembly should be brought; time is all-important.

I this note General Johnston does not intimate a probable movement of the corps under General Sherman from Clinton upon Jackson, nor does he say how "the troops here [at Jackson] could co-operate. " He

only directs me for purposes named-"if practicable, come up in his [enemy's] rear at once. " General Sherman with his corps of four DIVISIONS was represented by General Johnston to be between him and myself at Clinton. It was not clear to me by what rout General Johnston wished me to advance. if the enemy should await my approach at Clinton and give me battle there, General Johnston would have been in his rear and might have co-operated; or, if he advanced upon Jackson and engaged the small force there, and I could by any possibility, in obedience to General Johnston's orders, have come up in his rear while so occupied, there would have been co-operation; but, in either event, to unite our troops in this way, it is plain that the enemy, whatever his

