
General BOWEN. I understand he cannot give us aid in raising the siege. I have no hopes of his doing so.

General SMITH. I am of opinion it is due to himself to fight Grant.

I believe he has had a battle probably already, but I believe he has not the ability to aid us now, and I see no probability of his being able to raise the siege.

(They reread from memory J. E. Johnston's dispatches, and judge therefrom that there is as more cheerful tone in his last dispatch; still, they concur.)

General PEMBERTON desires generals to understand J. E. Johnston's position. They do not hold out any hopes of raising the siege now, whatever he may have intended.

General PEMBERTON. The next point is to consider how long we can remaining statu quo, remain as we are until we are minus food, and surrender, or make proposition.

General BOWEN. I am decidedly of opinion to propose to General Grant now, and then we can have some alternative after, if he refuses. All are agreed upon proposing terms of capitulation at once.

MODE OF CAPITULATION-TERMS.

General PEMBERTON. That we be allowed to move out with all troops; that we can march with arms and officers' personal effects, as is customary, servants and baggage,&amp;c., and not less than eight days' full rations.

Is it better that General Pemberton address Grant or appoint three commissioners to meet three of Grant's commissioners?

Generals Bowen and Stevenson propose the latter, and it is adopted. It is proposed that one of General Pemberton's staff officers goes and proposes the commission. The general does not deem it important as what officer, as long as he selects the officer. An officer is selected- General Bowen-and the following note is to be conveyed.

This is read to generals and approved.

L. M. M. [MONTGOMERY.]

JANUARY 25, 1863. -Scout between Bolivar, Tenn., and Ripley, MISS.

Report of Major Daniel M. Emerson, First WEST Tennessee Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST WEST TENNESSEE CAVALRY,Bolivar, Tenn., January 28, 1863.

SIR: On the 25th day of January, 1863, in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 17, post headquarters, with a detachment of First WEST Tennessee Cavalry and the independent companies of the Tippah and Mississippi Rangers, I proceeded to scout the country between Bolivar, Tenn., and Ripley, MISS., to break up the guerrilla bands infesting that neighborhood.

About 4 p. m., after I had proceeded about 18 miles, my rear guard was attacked by 15 men, who fired a volley, disabling a horse belonging to Private John Rose, of the First WEST Tennessee Cavalry; he, being thrown to the ground, was captured by them. As soon as the firing was heard, I immediately faced the column about, and pursued them about

