
2 miles into a piece of woods, when they scattered in different directions, making farther pursuit useless. They were dressed partly in Federal uniform, and were a portion of the noted Sol. [G.] Street's company of guerrillas, who infest that section of the country.

January 26. -I scouted the woods and by-paths supposed to be frequented by the enemy, but was unsuccessful in meeting him; learned that he camped a short distance from me the night before, his force not being sufficient to attack me.

January 27. -On the march to-day captured the following Confederates, viz: F. M. Stewart, lieutenant-colonel Twenty-SECOND Tennessee Infantry; F. Stith, lieutenant and adjutant Twenty-SECOND Tennessee Infantry; N. Crouch, private Twenty-THIRD Mississippi Infantry, and J. C. Jackson, Thirty-seventh Mississippi Infantry. In conversing with these officers, I found their intentions were to pass our lines during the night between Bolivar and Grand Junction, and make their way to Shelby County, Tennessee. They undoubtedly were going to recruit for their regiment. The privates were found at their houses, being at home on furlough. My intentions were to proceed to Ripley, MISS., but having received reliable information that a regiment of rebel cavalry was there, I thought it prudent not to venture farther, so I commenced my march toward Bolivar, bringing my prisoners with me. Camped about 30 miles from Bolivar, the enemy following near.

January 28. -Resumed march toward Bolivar, and arrived here about 4 p. m., and turned the prisoners over to the provost-marshal for disposal.

The independent rangers were of great service to me as guides, they being residents of the country I passed through. My whole command behaved themselves on the march well. Nothing has been done, to my knowledge, contrary to existing orders.

All of which I beg leave to submit.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL M. EMERSON,

Major, Commanding First WEST Tennessee Cavalry.

Captain John PEETZ, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 27, 1863. -Affair near Germantown, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Ephraim R. Eckley, Eightieth Ohio Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade, Seventh DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

CAMP near GERMANTOWN, January 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on yesterday a forage train from this brigade was attacked by a force of rebel cavalry of about 75. The escort covered the train, and brought it off in safety without any loss to this brigade. But a party of 24, of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, being in the same vicinity, were drawn into ambush and fired on by the whole party. Three were killed, 3 wounded (2 seriously), and 16 MISSING.

I sent re-enforcements immediately, but they retreated hastily across the Coldwater. I immediately placed a force of infantry at the bridge across the Nonconnah, and informed Colonel Lee, of the Seventh Kansas, who sent a force of cavalry this morning at daylight down the Hernando road and another to Miller's Bridge, who are pressing them hard

