
Their force south of the Coldwater and WEST if Byhalia is represented to be at least 500 strong. They have annoyed us almost every day by sending small parties to attack and harass our trains and pickets. As yet we have, by caution, prevented any [loss] to my command, except 1 private was slightly [wounded] in the leg while on picket.

I am still confident that no one has been permitted to cross the railroad without permission.

The almost impassable condition of the roads has, I think, saved us from a general attack from the south. Citizens who communicate with me confidentially inform me that it is [G. L.] Blythe's force that is in our front. [R. V.] Richardson's force is badly cut up, and is no longer formidable for mischief.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. ECKLEY,

Colonel, Commanding SECOND Brigade.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 28, 1863. -Skirmish near Yorkville, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Oliver Wood, Twenty-SECOND Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Trenton, Tenn., January 29, 1863

SIR: I have to report to you concerning the skirmish near Yorkville, Tenn. (15 miles northwest of Trenton), as follows, viz:

Yesterday, 28th instant, about 9 a. m., the detachment of infantry, 110 men, under command of Captain Govette, Twenty-SECOND Regiment Ohio Volunteers, after having been divided into four parties for foraging, were attacked by [W. A.] Dawson and his band, 98 or 99 men (as the citizens report.) The party which was attacked numbered 30 in all, under the immediate command of Captain Govette, who, with the assistance of Captain Moffitt and 10 men of the Eleventh Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, soon repulsed Dawson, with no loss whatever on our side. Dawson lost 1 killed and 5 wounded; also 2 horses wounded.

Immediately after the skirmish, our forage party commenced gathering what they had left when attacked, making in all 6 wagon loads of corn and 2,000 pounds of salted meats, which will be sent to Jackson to-night, excepting the meat. The infantry detachment (Twenty-SECOND Ohio) will return to Trenton to-night.

As soon as the cavalry which was sent for this morning arrives form Jackson, I intend sending out every horse and man that can be mounted, for the purpose of entirely clearing the county of Dawson. Last night I had occasion to send Captain Miner with 9 men, mounted, to South Gibson. On his way down he reports that he passed the picket line at Humboldt without being halted, and that the guard fired but once, and that, too, after the squad had passed.

Respectfully, yours,

O. WOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

