
Number 2. Report of Major General Franklin Gardner, C. S. Army, of capture of steamers. HEADQUARTERS, Port Hudson, February 5, 1863.

MAJOR: I have honor to inclose herewith a copy of a letter from General Sibley. I do not know the boats named, except the Baker, which I started from here, on the morning of the 2nd instant, to go up Red River, and she ought to have passed into Red River before the night of the 2nd. Why she did not, I do not know. This boat came down Red River on a private speculation, with salt and bacon, and, being a slow boat, I did not wish to retain her in my employ, but ordered her immediately up Red River. I have the Beaty here now, and have kept her since the gunboat passed. I sent a courier to General Sibley, and also one to Red River, on the receipt of your telegram that the gunboat had passed, but it appears to me that the information could not have reached Red River. My object was to warn boats going down, not having knowledge of any boats in danger going up, except the Beaty, which I kept at this place.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

Major J. R. WADDY, Assistant Adjutant-General, Jackson, MISS.

Number 3. Report of Brigadier General Henry H. Sibley, C. S. Army, of capture of steamers. HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT EAST OF ATCHAFALAYA, Rosedale, February 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have just received a dispatch from one of my officers near the mouth of Red River, who reports that the gunboat which passed Vicksburg has appeared there; had captured three of our boats-the Moro, the Baker, and Berwick Bay. The gunboat is the Queen of the WEST. She is an iron-clad, but is arranged on Magruder's plan, with cotton bales. Prisoners released from her state her armament is composed of twelve 12-pounders. She placed prize crews on the boats captured, and has proceeded up Red River. I have ordered a company of cavalry and one section of artillery to that point, to attempt the recapture of the boats, which, at last accounts, were lying near the river banks, and but slimly guarded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major General FRANK. GARDNER, Commanding at Port Hudson.

FEBRUARY 2-5, 1863. - Reconnaissance in the vicinity of Saulsbury, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Prince, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS CAVALRY,LA Grange, Tenn., February 6, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders of Colonel Hatch, commanding brigade, on the 2nd instant, Captain Herring, of this regiment, in command of

