
four companies, proceeded to Saulsbury, and reported to Major Coon, SECOND Iowa Cavalry, by whose orders Captain Herring moved with his command 4 miles south, on the Ripley road, and encamped near the plantation of Mrs. Hines, scouting the country south and east for a distance of 5 miles, until the morning of the 5th, when he was ordered by Major Coon to return to camp.

Nothing worthy of note transpired during the expedition, except that on the 4th instant, about noon, Sergts. Daniel H. Dunbar and Edward M. Gibbs, and Privates Charles E. Smythe, Company I, and Samuel Buckingham, Company F, straggled from camp, and were surrounded by a band of men, under the guerrilla [S. G.] Street, 12 in number, to whom they surrendered without offering any resistance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

EDWARD PRINCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant SAMUEL L. WOODWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Brigade.

FEBRUARY 8, 1863. - Affair near Camp Sheldon, MISS.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Sheldon, Eighteenth Missouri Infantry.

CAMP SHELDON, February 8, 1863.

GENERAL: A scout from my command crossed the river to-day and had a slight skirmish with a part of Captain Smith's company (conscripts). The rebels fled in all directions, losing one gun and a quantity of provisions. Several of the enemy were wounded. Captain Smith has about 60 men. Ham is in Forks of Hatchie with about 75 men. If you can send me a company of cavalry for a few days, I will clean out that section and stir up Street.

CHARLES S. SHELDON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Brigadier-General DODGE, Corinth.

FEBRUARY 9, 1863. -Affair near Moscow, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Seth C. Earl, FIFTY-THIRD Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-THIRD ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Moscow, Tenn., February 9, 1863.

SIR: I have delayed making any report of the attack on our pickets until now. Acting Lieutenant M. Dare, of Company E, who was in command of the men, being one of the wounded, has not been in a condition, on account of his wound, to make any report until a few moments ago, and the other reports being so indefinite that I did not consider them reliable enough to base a report on. At the same time they all went to convince me that it was neither an attack of the enemy's pickets nor even a guerrilla party, but probably some offended citizens chasing in or looking after some stragglers.

I find, however, on inquiring of the officer in command of the pickets, that as he was going from the reserve post to the advanced picket, he heard some one command "halt," and saw two mounted men coming toward him, one of them having on blue coat. He saw no arms, and

