
thought that they were some of our men who had been out scouting around the country. He heard them tell the pickets to hold up their hands, when, seeing they were rebels, he commanded his men to fire, but not having their guns loaded could not, but were fired on by the two horsemen, wounding, as I said before. Acting Lieutenant M. Dare, of Company E, and Private John Stingly, of the same company. The two horsemen then turned and ran.

The lieutenant in command says his guns were not loaded at the time as he had been instructed by different officers of the day to load his pieces at night. The men at the reserve post, hearing the noise, advanced and fired several times, The man who was wounded says he is confident one of the men who fired on them was a negro. The strength of that picket post is 1 commissioned officer, 2 non-commissioned, and 15 privates, 2 being on the outpost.

Very respectfully, yours,

S. C. EARL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth DIVISION.

FEBRUARY 10, 1863. - Affair near Camp Sheldon, MISS.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Sheldon, Eighteenth Missouri Infantry.

CAMP SHELDON, February 10, 1863.

GENERAL: Had another skirmish to-day, capturing six guns, and overcoats, blankets, &amp;c. Chased the enemy 3 miles, but they beat us running. One man wounded on our side.

CHARLES S. SHELDON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Brigadier-General DODGE, Corinth.

FEBRUARY 10-14, 1863. - Operations on the Red, Atchafalaya, and Black Rivers, LA, and capture (14th) of the Queen of the WEST.

REPORTS. *

Numbers 1. - Colonel Charles Rivers Ellet, U. S. Army, commanding Ram Fleet.

Numbers 2. - Major General Richard Taylor, C. S. Army, commanding.

Numbers 3. - Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Lovell, acting assistant adjutant and inspector general, C. S. Army.

Numbers 4. - Mr. George W. Koontz, Confederate States agent at Natchez.

Numbers 5. - Captain John Kelso, C. S. Army, commanding Fort Taylor, La.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Charles Rivers Ellet, U. S. Army, commanding Ram Fleet. U. S. STEAMER ERA Number 5., Below Vicksburg, MISS., February 21, 1863.

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to report to you that I left the landing below Vicksburg, in obedience to your written instructions [following],

---------------

* See also Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

