
enemy's stores and provisions, and get your vessel back safe. Pass all batteries at night. If the canal is opened, I will keep you supplied with coal.

Keep your pilot-house well supplied with hand-grenades, &amp;c., in case the enemy should get on your upper decks. Do not show y our colors along the river, unless necessary in action.

Very respectfully,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General Richard Taylor, C. S. Army, Commanding. ALEXANDRIA, [February] 15, 1863. (Received at Richmond, February 22.)

The ram Queen of the WEST was captured at the fortifications below this point on the 14th, with all her armament and supplies. Most of the crew and commanding officer escaped on another boat. The De Soto, a small boat, filled up with cotton, and the consort of the ram, was sunk in the same engagement.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Lovell, Acting Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army. JACKSON, MISS., February 28, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 35, dated Jackson, MISS., February 4, 1863, I proceeded with all possible dispatch to Trinity, La., at which point I arrived on the 8th instant, and found that the Webb had left the day before for Alexandria, by command of General Taylor, to fit out at that place. I pushed on immediately, and arrived at the latter place on the evening of the 10th. I met General Taylor on my way up Red River, and showed him my orders, He informed me that he had placed an officer in command of the Webb, and asked me to go and assist in getting her ready. I replied that I was ordered to take command, and unless allowed to do so, would return. He then indorsed my orders to take command, which I did on the 11th instant.

I found that nothing had been done to the Webb except a little caking on the outside, and nothing at all to either of the other two boats which had been ordered to be fitted out. I had the greatest difficulty in getting carpenters to work on the vessels, although I offered them every inducement. I had the same difficulty with negroes. The committee who were building a raft in Red River furnished me with thirty; they rent twenty more, but would not allow them to go on board the Grand Duke, the other vessel being fitted out, she having had a case of small-pox on board some days previous. I was unable until the THIRD

