
dispatch of yesterday. This afternoon, at 4 o'clock, the Era Number 5 passed up alone, with one tier of cotton on her and apparently very few men.

GEO. W. KOONTZ.

Government Agent.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain John Kelso, C. S. Army, commanding Fort Taylor, La. HEADQUARTERS RED RIVER FORTIFICATIONS, February 15, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that two Federal gunboats made their appearance in front of this position at 5 p. m. last evening. I had previously assigned every officer to his post; fire was therefore instantly opened on the enemy.

After brief cannonade, the leading gunboat, the Queen of the WEST, struck her colors.

Immediately ordered Captain [T. H.] Hutton, of the Crescent Artillery, and SECOND Junior Lieutenant Delahunty to go on board and demand the unconditional surrender of the boat, officers, and crew. These officers report that but 13 officers and crew were found on board, the others having escaped under cover of the night. The visible results of the capture consist in one 32-pounder rifled Parrott gun, one 24-pounder rifled Parrott gun, three 12-pounder Porfield brass pieces, one 12-pounder Porfield brass piece, slightly damaged (I use the expression of the senior commanding officer), a tremendous supply of ordnance stores, a large supply of quinine, one fine case amputating instruments, one equally fine dental instrument, and other very superior cases of surgical instruments, clothing, bacon, flour, beef, pork, hard bread, and other stores in proportion.

The list of prisoners I inclose. *

Allow me, major, to mention that for coolness and efficiency the officers and privates of this command are entitled to eminent credit.

To satisfy you of the precision and accuracy of the fire, thirteen out of thirty-one shots from our batteries took effect on the enemy's boat.

Lieutenant James Delahunty performed efficient service; he suggested and volunteered to fire a warehouse which would give us the enemy's range and position. In spite of the darkness, he accomplished this important and difficult undertaking with perfect success and signal gallantry.

All my officers discharged their duties with promptness and exemplary coolness.

I omitted to mention that the boat was loaded with bales of cotton.

I have the honor to remain, major, your obedient servant,

J. KELSO,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Major E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* List not found.

---------------

