
FEBRUARY 13-14, 1863. - Expedition from LA Grange, Tenn., to Mount Pleasant and Lamar, MISS.

Report of Major William D. Blackburn, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

LA GRANGE, TENN., February 15, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders, I started on the 13th, with about 130 men and 7 commissioned officers, to Mount Pleasant, by way of Moscow. Camped the first night near Moscow, in the night, without feed. Reported early next morning to the adjutant-general at Moscow, the commanding officer being absent, and asked for information. Learned that there were 500 or 600 rebels near Mount Pleasant, who moved from there to Early Grove and back at pleasure. Went from thence to Mount Pleasant; visited all the haunts of the supposed rebels, and found none there, nor has there been, except Mitchell's men, not to exceed 60, a few Texas Rangers, say 20, and some few times Street's expeditions reach that far, but very seldom.

We found the country from Mount Pleasant to Lamar full of stragglers. We chase and fired at several of them, but did not succeed in capturing any. Many of the young men in that region have discharges or paroles either of their own or some one else. We brought in two as specimens. One claimed to be discharged, but had a Federal overcoat and Federal saddle, bridle, and halter. The negroes in the neighborhood say they are both secesh soldiers and are spies. These papers are herewith inclosed. *

We staid last night 3 miles south of Early Grove, and returned to camp about noon to-day. Found the road desperately bad.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. BLACKBURN,

Major Seventh Regiment Illinois Cavalry Volunteers.

FEBRUARY 14-26, 1863. - Expedition to Greenville, MISS., and Cypress Bend, Ark., with skirmishes (19th) at Cypress Bend and (23rd) at Deer Creek and Fish Lake Bridge, near Greenville.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Stephen G. Burbridge, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel S. W. Ferguson, C. S. Army, of skirmish (23rd) at Fish Lake Bridge.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Stephen G. Burbridge, U. S. Army. HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, TENTH DIV., THIRTEENTH A. C., Young's Point, La., February 27, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit he following report of the operations of my brigade against rebel forces at Greenville and other places:

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 44, dated Headquarters Tenth

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

