
FEBRUARY 17-21, 1863. - Expedition from Lexington to Clifton, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel John K. Mizner, THIRD Michigan Cavalry, Chief of Cavalry, District of Jackson.

Numbers 2. - Captain Frederick C. Adamson, THIRD Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John K. Mizner, THIRD Michigan Cavalry, Chief of Cavalry, District of Jackson. JACKSON, TENN., February 22, 1863.

CAPTAIN: To add to the pleasurable remembrances of the anniversary we have to-day celebrated, I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that the cavalry I sent toward the Tennessee River have succeeded in capturing Colonel [J. F.] Newsom, with 7 of his officers and 60 men, besides all their horses, arms, accouterments, &amp;c., together with a large amount of supplies. This splendid achievement was accomplished by Captain Cicero Newell, of the THIRD Michigan Cavalry, who, with 60 picked men, crossed the Tennessee River on the night of the 19th instant, and surprised and captured Newsom and his whole party at Clifton. He recrossed to this side with all his prisoners, when our gunboats came in sight, and gave them valuable assistance in discovering boats and small craft which the enemy had concealed and had continually used in crossing the river. Captain Adamson, THIRD Michigan Cavalry, was SECOND in command, and he, as well as all of the officers and men, deserve the highest praise for capturing a force of the enemy exactly equal to their own.

I regret to inform you that Captain Newell was wounded in the action at Clifton.

I inclose Captain Adamson's report, which gives a full account of the affair.

The prisoners were turned over to Lieutenant Fitch, commanding gunboat fleet. Captain Newell, being disabled, was also taken on board the gunboat.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. MIZNER.

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Jackson.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Frederick C. Adamson, THIRD Michigan Cavalry. LEXINGTON, TENN., February 21, 1863.

SIR: On behalf of Captain Newell, I would respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the detachment of cavalry under his command from the 17th instant until the present date:

On the 17th instant he started for Clifton, with 23 men of Company A, under Sergeant [Thomas] Dean; 14 men of Company L, under com-

