
saddles, about 40 stand of arms, principally old shot-guns, many of which we threw in the river, some Sharps' and Smith's carbines (four of the latter), a few Enfield rifles, several old muskets, flint-locks, &amp;c., and a few Colt's pistols (how many I cannot ascertain, as the property has not yet been collected from the men). I regret to say that many of the old guns were carried off by the officers and men of the gunboats during my absence, as their men were all allowed to come ashore.

Captain Fitch offered to take the prisoner off our hands, and, upon consulting with Captain Newell, who had ben moved to Hughes', he decided it would be best to get rid of them, as several were unable to ride, and I could not mount them all. I fear that I have erred in this matter, but did it for the best. The horses are distributed among the companies, subject to the order of the colonel commanding.

Having had information that Wright's Island contained several horses belonging to the Confederates, I took a small party on the gunboat and searched the island. the horses had ben removed several days before, but we found two boats, one of which we destroyed; the other was one of Francis' metallic life-boats, which I also turned over to Captain Fitch.

It was now dusk, so we crossed in our old boat, which we had towed up, entirely destroyed it, and marched on foot to Johnson's, to which place I had ordered the command.

Early on the 21st, I started for Lexington, through a drenching rain; reached there at 3 p. m., and reported to Major [Thomas] Saylor, whom I found in command.

I am thoroughly satisfied that there is no force anywhere in this vicinity, on this side of the Tennessee River. Van Dorn is at Columbia; parties of his cavalry are stationed at different points, close to the river, and it seems to be the impression that it is his intention to attempt to hold the river at these points.

I inclose a list of the prisoners* and Captain Fitch's receipt for 54; * one of the slips containing their names was mislaid, which accounts for the difference between the list and receipt, and 4 were released on parole.

I must apologize for the length of this report, but in justice to the men and officers, who all, without exception, conducted themselves bravely on our rather dangerous expedition, I could not do less than tell the whole story.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. C. ADAMSON,

Captain THIRD Michigan Cavalry.

Captain T. B. WEIR,

Adjutant Cavalry DIVISION.

P. S. - Net result of expedition: Prisoners, 61; horses, 40; saddles, about 40; stand of arms,. 40; flat-boats destroyed, 2; yawls destroyed, 2; skiffs destroyed, 2; life-boat found, 1; 4 barrels flour, 3 barrels salt, 10,000 ponds pork and bacon, a quantity of corn-meal, beans,&c., burned.

Colonel Newsom and Lieutenant [M. T.] Shelby were dangerously wounded and paroled.

I neglected to state that captain Newell went on the gunboat Fairplay, as, owing to the state of the roads and the lack of transportation, we could not [take] him to a suitable place.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

