
FEBRUARY 18, 1863. - Affair near Moscow, Tenn.

Report of Major Francis M. Long, Forty-first Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-FIRST REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Moscow, Tenn., February 22, 1863.

SIR: On the morning of the 18th instant, I was detailed to take command of 160 men, comprised of details from the THIRD Iowa, Forty-first and FIFTY-THIRD Illinois, and Thirty-THIRD Wisconsin, to escort a forage train that was going out after forage.

I reported at DIVISION headquarters at 8 a. m., and took command of the aforesaid guards, who had reported there. We started out in a northwest direction. After going 5 1/2 or 6 miles, we stopped at the plantation of Colonel Nuckles and loaded our train.

While we were loading the train, I received information that 150 of [R. V.] Richardson's rebel cavalry had made their appearance about a mile WEST of us, and that they were moving in a southeast direction. I immediately ordered the guards in line, ready for action.

When our train was loaded, I placed half the guards in from and the remainder in the rear of the train. I took all necessary precautions to have the train move in good order, and we started for camp, moving unmolested until within 2 1/2 or 3 miles of camp,. when I discovered a body of rebel cavalry south of the road, about 150 strong, preparing to make a dash upon the train. I sent orders to the front guards to return with all possible speed, at the same time hurrying forward with the rear guards. In consequence of the bad condition of the roads, the train was somewhat scattered, and both the front and rear guards were from a half to three-fourths of a mile from the center of the train.

In the mean time the rebels had made their dash and attacked the train in the center; the front and rear guards coming up, engaged the enemy at the same time. The engagement lasted about five minutes, when the enemy were repulsed and in full retreat.

Our loss was 1 man wounded and 16 MISSING. We also lost 42 mules and 2 horses. Loss of the enemy unknown.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

F. M. LONG,

Major Forty-first Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Lieutenant WILLIAM WARNER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade, Fourth DIVISION.

FEBRUARY 19, 1863. - Skirmish near Yazoo Pass, MISS.

Report of Major General John A. McClernand, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Vicksburg, February 22, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a detachment of the First Indiana Cavalry, under Lieutenant Colonel W. F. Wood, engaged a detachment, or some 200, of Forrest's rebel cavalry on the 19th instant, near Yazoo Pass, killing 6, wounding 3, and capturing 15 of the enemy, and completely putting him to rout. No loss on our side. He also reports that

