
an expedition sent out by me for that purpose, under the command of Major [J. L.] Brent. The prize is a good deal damaged.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, March 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I beg respectfully to add, in addition to the report of Major J. L. Brent, that the prize steamer Indianola was towed to a point where were traversed so as to bear, all of them, on the river, thus making her a powerful water-battery. Our boats then returned to this point for necessary repairs.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,.

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,

Numbers. Alexandria, April 2, 1863.

The major-general commanding takes pleasure, in behalf of the Government, in returning thanks to the detachment of Texas troops of Thomas' command, and to the section of Maryland Light Artillery Battery, under command of Lieutenant [W. Thompson] Patten and Sergeant [Edward] Langley, for the valuable and gallant services rendered by them in the gunboat engagement with the United States steam ram Indianola. Their bravery and soldierly conduct entitle them to the gratitude of the nation and the highest appreciation of their country-men, and should excite the just emulation of their comrades. The major-general commanding, in justice to themselves and his own feelings, cannot allow them to return to their commands in another department without making this public acknowledgment of their gallant and meritorious services.

By command of Major-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Frederick AB. Brand, Miles' (Louisiana) Legion. STEAMER DR. BEATY, Thirty miles below Vicksburg, February 25, 1863.

SIR: Last night, about 10 p. m., fell in with the U. S. iron-clad gunboat Indianola, and after the rams Queen of the WEST and Webb, under Major Brent, had engaged her for an hour, I went alongside, when the commander, Lieutenant-Commander Brown, U. S. Navy, surrendered to

