
me. As all the credit is due to Major Brent, I have turned over to him in a sinking condition, the prize, which we hope to save. Nobody but 5 hurt.

FRED K. B. BRAND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

ON BOARD C. S. GUNBOAT DR. BEATY,

February 26, 1863.

SIR: On the morning of the 21st, while wooding at Morganzia, I received information that the Federal gunboat Indianola had left the mouth of Red River. I proceeded to the mouth of Red River; arrived at 3 p. m. ; found a picket, with whom I established a code of signals for boats coming up the river. Ran up Red River as far as Black River, where I had to lie up until the fog cleared, which was about 8 a. m. on the 22nd. Proceeded on up Red River; when within about 20 miles of the fortifications, I met Major [J. L.] Brent, in command of the ram Queen of the WEST and the Webb, with the Grand Era as tender. I turned back, and proceeded down the river in company with them to find the enemy and attack him at night, as I knew their immense superiority of metal and power.

Went on up the Mississippi River to within 30 miles of Vicksburg, near the little town of Carthage, where we discovered our adversary close in shore about 10 p. m. 24th instant. The Queen of the WEST and the Webb most gallantly charged upon her their first and SECOND rams, doing but little damage. The THIRD time they struck her; the Webb struck her at the back part of the starboard wheel-house, cutting down below the water into the hull, making also a large hole in her own bow. The Queen of the WEST made another gallant charge in the face of two 9-inch guns at her stern, for the purpose of crushing her propellers and rudders, which broke down the whole of her stern. Major Brent then gave me notice (I being within 300 yards) that she was disabled. I immediately rushed up to board her. On running alongside, I grappled her, and, on giving the order to board, Lieutenant Brown, U. S. Navy, commanding iron-clad gunboat Indianola, said he "was in a sinking condition. " I asked if he surrendered. He replied, " I surrender. " I then dept my boarders back, jumped on board myself, and received his sword. I then had her pushed into shore, where we found that they had cut all their pipes, and had blown the water and steam out of their boilers. I found her to be one of the most formidable iron-clads in their Navy, protected in every manner possible with thick heavy timber and heavy iron plates, mounting two 11-inch (completely caseated) Dahlgren guns forward, form which she had fired eleven shots at us. She had two 9-inch Dahlgren guns in her stern, from which she had fired six solid shots at us. Lieutenant Brown informs me that she would have ben used as a ram had he thought we had the boldness to attack him at night.

Too much credit cannot be awarded to Major Brent and his command for the gallant manner in which they behaved. I therefore turned the prize over to him, to have her taken up Red River, where she could be repaired and fitted out. After towing her down as far as His Excellency President Davis' plantation, we found that she made so much water that we were compelled to run her ashore, where she now lies in 10 feet water. I dispatched the Queen of the WEST to Warrenton to communi-

