
cate to Major-General Stevenson, of Vicksburg, for assistance in the shape of pumps, &amp;c.

I then started off in the Grand Era with the prisoners, numbering about 90, with 7 negroes; delivered them over to Colonel Wirt Adams' command, to be forwarded to Jackson, MISS. On my return to join the squadron, met the Queen of the WEST, Webb, and the Dr. Beaty, in full retreat, having learned that the two gunboats expected by Lieutenant Brown, U. S. Navy, had passed Vicksburg, our rams leaking se much that it was impossible for us to make another attack. My port end was cut into by the Queen of the WEST by accident. I was obliged, in consequences, to leave about 70 bales of cotton on shore near where the Indianola has sunk.

The officers and men, one and all, deserve great praise for their coolness and the promptitude with which they executed all my commands, especially when I gave the order to board. I take pleasure in saying that I never saw men behave better under any circumstances.

The WEST had 2 killed and 3 wounded by a 11-inch shot striking her upper bulwarks. The Webb and Beaty had not a man hurt. The enemy had 1 killed and 1 wounded by our sharpshooters.

So well protected were the enemy by their iron, that our 20, 30, and 32 plunders made very little indentation at a distance of 10 or 15 yards.

Some 40 or 50 of my men were detailed to work on the Indianola, who are now on board the Webb, having gotten on her during the stampede; also Surgeon [Thad. J.] Wetherly, Lieutenant [S. M.] Thomas ([R. M.] Boone's battery), and Lieutenant Frith (Miles' Legion). Sergeant-Major King, with 15 men, was detailed to carry dispatches to Warrenton in a boat. He has not yet returned. The detachment of the signal corps with me rendered me very efficient service, some of whom were on board the WEST and Webb.

I remain, your most obedient servant,

FRED K. B. BRAND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Major-General GARDNER.

Numbers 4. Report of Major J. L. Brent, C. S. Army. FEBRUARY 25, 1863.

MAJOR: My last dispatch to you, exclusive of the telegraphic communication sent you last night, was from Natchez. The Federal iron-clad Indianola had forty-eight hours' start of us at Ackland's Landing; at Natchez she was less than twenty-five hours in advance.

We left Natchez on the evening of the 23rd, and I found that we could easily overhaul the enemy in the morning of the 24th, but I determined not to do so, in order to bring him to an engagement at night, considering for many reasons that this time was eminently advantageous to us. We reached Grand Gulf before sunset, and there learned that he was only about four hours in advance of us. As we were running more than 2 miles to his 1, the time required to overtake him could easily be calculated; so I determined to overtake and bring him to action at 9 o'clock that evening. We came up with him about 9. 40, just above New Carthage, near the foot of Palmyra Island, and I immediately signaled the

