
and skill as exhibited by Sergt. Edward Langley, of the THIRD Maryland Artillery. He had on the Queen a detachment of 13 men of his artillery, and was placed in charge of the two Parrott guns. He himself took command of the 30-pounder gun in or bow, where he remained during the action, neither he nor his gallant comrades ever leaving their posts for a moment. While our bows were resting against the side of the Indianola, he still manned and fired his gun, though he and his men were without the least covering or protection. In addition to this courage, the skill and judgment he showed in maneuvering his piece, mounted on wheels within a most contracted space, is deserving of equal commendation.

Lieutenant [T. H.] Handy, of the Crescent Artillery, commanded the troops on the Webb. He exhibited the greatest skill and courage in handling his command, and he himself in person manned and pointed his rifled 32-pounder gun. His report will disclose the names of such officers and men as merit special mention.

I learn from verbal report that Lieutenant [H. A.] rice, of the Twenty-first [Thirty-first] Tennessee, on board of the Webb, served most efficiently and gallantly.

Acting Lieutenant Prather served his two field pieces, entirely unprotected, with most unshrinking courage, and was ably seconded by Mr. Charles Scholer, acting as captain of the guns.

Captain Charles J. Pierce, a civilian, commanded and controlled the movements of the Webb. It was he who selected the weak spots of the enemy, and with a steady hand and eye dashed the Webb against the Indianola.

Not only did the officers do their duty, but I have nothing but commendation for the private soldiers. Captain [E. E.] Carnes' and Lieutenant Rice's company, of the Twenty-first [Thirty-first] Tennessee, and the detachment of Lieutenant [R. S.] Dulin, adjutant of Major [James] Burnet's battalion of Texans, were in the expedition of the Queen and Webb, and under fire they, as well as their gallant officers, comported themselves with courage and discipline.

On taking possession, we found our prize rapidly making water, which we could not arrest. Seeing that she would sink, I did not wish that this should take place on the western side of the river, and therefore made fast to her with two of the steamers, and towed her over the river, when she sank in the water up to her gun deck, thus losing to us the greater part of the valuable stores that were in her hold.

Captain [James W.] Mangum, assistant adjutant-general of Brigadier-General [J. C.] Moore, being in Alexandria, accompanied the expedition as a volunteer and acted as my adjutant. He comported himself gallantly under fire, and throughout the expedition rendered me valuable service.

I herewith submit the report of Captain McCloskey,* of the Queen of the WEST. He mentions favorably Captain Carnes and Lieutenant [Henry] Miller, of the Twenty-first [Thirty-first] Tennessee Volunteers; Lieutenant [R. S.] Dulin, adjutant of Major Burnet's battalion of Texans, and Captain T. H. Hutton, chief of artillery; Sergt. Edward Langley, acting as lieutenant in charge of the two Parrott guns and the volunteers; Captain C. H. White, slightly wounded, acting with great efficiency as ordnance officer; Captain Tank, Lieutenant Fisk, Lieutenant C. Stanmyer, and Lieutenant K. R. Hyams, quartermaster and commissary, who exhibited much energy. Lieutenants Stanmyer and Fisk were wounded at their pieces while gallantly acting as captains of artillery.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

