
ing about it, and recover, if practicable, the two field pieces. There are bayous intervening, which may prevent his approaching the wreck.

* * * * * * * * *

I remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Regiment.

Major J. J. REEVE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 24-APRIL 8, 1863. - The Yazoo Pass Expedition (by Moon Lake, Yazoo Pass, and the Coldwater and Tallahatchee Rivers), including engagements (March 11,13, and 16 April 2 and 4) at Fort Pemberton near Greenwood, MISS.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Lieutenant Colonel James H. Wilson, Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army, Chief of Topographical Engineers, Army of the Tennessee, of operations February 1-April 9.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General Benjamin M. Prentiss, U. S. Army, commanding District of Eastern Arkansas.

Number 3. - Brigadier General Leonard F. Ross, U. S. Army, commanding Thirteenth DIVISION, Thirteenth Army Corps, of operations March 2-April 8.

Numbers 4. - Brigadier General Frederick Salomon, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 5. - Brigadier General Cadwallader C. Washburn, U. S. Army, of preliminary operations.

Number 6. - Major General James B. McPherson, U. S. Army, commanding SEVENTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 7. - Brigadier General Isaac F. Quinby, U. S. Army, commanding Seventh DIVISION, of operations March 9-28.

Numbers 8. - Lieutenant Commander Watson Smith, U. S. Navy.

Numbers 9. - Major General William W. Loring, C. S. Army, commanding at Fort Pemberton, ETC., of operations February 17-April 11.

Numbers 10. - Major General Dabney H. Maury, C. S. Army, commanding DIVISION, ETC., of operations April 1-10.

Numbers 11. - Captain Isaac N. Brown, C. S. Navy.

Numbers 1. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James H. Wilson, Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army, Chief of Topographical Engineers, Army of the Tennessee, of operations February 1-April 9.

YAZOO PASS, MISS., February 2, 1863-8 p. m.

COLONEL: We reached Helena last night, and had all arrangements complete to start from there this morning at 10 o'clock. General Gorman accompanied me, sending under my command 500 men, provided with two days' rations, and implements complete for the necessary labor. He returned to Helena this evening, and will send down all the provisions, tents. &amp;c., needed.

I arrived at the levee across the Pass about noon, and found a much more favorable state of affairs than I at first anticipated. The steam looks quite navigable, and I am sure will allow the boats now here to navigate it without difficulty. I had the men at work cutting the embankment by 2 o'clock. and by to-morrow night will have a water-way 20 yards wide cut. The difference of level between the water outside and inside of the levee is 8 1/2 feet.

The steamers Henderson and Hamilton came in the Pass this after-

