
I have sent on a flying trip to secure small boats. He notes some of the difficulties in the way of obtaining boats suitable to go into the Pass.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN Arkansas,Helena, Ark., March 19, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my latest advices from General Ross are of the date of the 15th instant, when he was still confronting the rebel fort, Greenwood. He was still at work cannonading the enemy, but had made little or no impression on them, although he had added an 8-inch howitzer to his land battery. General Ross reported the fort as being much stronger than was anticipated, and required more work for its reduction.

We intended on Monday to resume firing, but could not sustain an action for over two hours, owing to scarcity of ammunition, for which he sent to me. Colonel Wilson also sent a requisition for four 8-inch siege howitzers and four 30-pounder Parrots. I to-day sent to General Ross a supply of ammunition, all I had here. Last night I dispatched a boat to Memphis to procure the guns called for, and ammunition for the same. I expect they will arrive to-night, so that they can be sent to General Ross to-morrow. I am sparing no pains to keep up communication with General Ross, keep him supplied with rations, &amp;c., and do all in my power to help him till General Quinby assumes command of the expedition. I do not doubt my ability to keep up communications with both generals, but am sadly in want of transports at present. Fort Greenwood General Ross represents as inaccessible to infantry, so that he must depend upon artillery for its reduction. I look for further advices from there very soon.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee.

P. S. -20th, 8 a. m. -Two regiments from General Carr's command at Saint Genevieve are just in. I shall change them from small to large boats, and send them immediately forward, retaining the small boats.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN Arkansas,Helena, Ark., March 20, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of a communication just received, 6. 30 p. m., from General Ross,* and a communication from Colonel Wilson to General Ross. #

---------------

*See Ross to Prentiss, with inclosure, March 17, p. 396.

#See inclosure, p. 396.

---------------

