
the mouth of the Yalabusha on Monday evening, go forward to Greenwood in the morning (10th), and by 12 m. to have possession of it. Here we shall await our coal-barges and in the mean time possibly make a move toward Grenada. Greenwood is represented as being fortified, and we have been very kindly informed that there were from 20,000 to 30,000 troops awaiting our arrival.

In regard to rations, I have enough only to supply me to the 13th. I ordered 30,000 more rations forward; if received, will have enough to last to the 22nd. I learn that many of the gunboats are about out, and are expecting to get from me; in fact, I have already issued to some of them. If I remain to do the work that seems to be before me, I shall want more rations, say 50,000 more. They can be safely sent forward; if they do not find me at Greenwood, there will be a gunboat there or at the mouth of the Yalabusha, to receive them. I shall also have one regiment of infantry with the gunboat, to guard our provisions, coal, &amp;c.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEONARD F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding DIVISION.

Brigadier General B. M. PRENTISS.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH DIV., THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On the Tallahatchee, 20 miles below the Coldwater,

March 8, 1863-8. 30 a. m.

GENERAL: We have again made a late start this morning, being delayed for the gunboats to complete coaling. The work should have been done by 2 o'clock. this morning, and we on our way by 5. 30, but it was 7. 30 this morning before we started, and then had to leave one of the gunboats to finish her coaling. I am a little, yes, considerably, disgusted with these necessary delays. I hope it will be better in the future.

Many complaints having been made of the unserviceable condition of some of our boats, I had Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Wilson make examination of them, and inclose you a memorandum made by him in regard to them. I don't believe the boats mentioned will be able to get back through the Pass; they certainly will not be without repairs. I will try to get them to the mouth of the Yalabusha and leave them until the mouth of the Yazoo is opened, when they can be floated through. I am very much in want of two or three good boats about the size of the Volunteer, and a couple of boats about the size of the Winona or Carl, to be used as dispatch boats and for foraging. I hope they will be sent through at once. I send up this morning the Luella. She is in bad condition, and should be repaired at once. I send up one company of Twenty-eight Wisconsin as a guard for the Luella, and I wish them returned on first boat coming down. We shall probably move from 40 to 50 miles to-day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General B. M. PRENTISS,

Commanding District Eastern Arkansas, Helena.

[Inclosure.]

[MARCH 8, 1863]

Key WEST Numbers 2 completely broken down and unable to proceed. Diana, John Bell, Luella, and Bayard (very) unseaworthy, and incapable

