
GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the infantry forces engaged in the Yazoo expedition while it continued under my command:

I embarked my command on steamers Volunteer, Lebanon Numbers 2, Cheeseman, Diana, L. Logan, Saint Louis, Mariner, Moderator, Ida May, Emma, Citizen, and John Bell, and made every preparation required "to be used with the Yazoo expedition", proceeded at once to Yazoo Pass, and joined fleet of gunboats lying at Moon Lake. I entered the Pass on the 25th of February; was detained by high winds and the difficulty in moving coal-barges, but succeeded in entering the Coldwater on the evening of March 1, having been five days in going the distance of 16 miles. '

The steamer Emma, being reported totally disabled, was ordered back to Helena, and the Key WEST taken in her stead. We arrived in the Tallahatchee on the evening of the 6th of March. Here we determined on leaving the coal-barges behind, and pushing forward with all possible dispatch. As we moved forward through a well-cultivated county, cotton fires were seen on all sides.

On the evening of the 10th, we came upon the wreck of the steamer Parallel and barge, loaded with cotton, and in flames. The enemy being unable to get them away, had set them on fire. The boats were reported to contain over 3,000 bales, and I think we saw over that number on fire at the different plantations passed by us.

On the morning of the 11th, arrived in front of Fort Greenwood, a strong fortification, about 3 miles from the village of Greenwood. A full description of the fort, of the reconnaissance on board the Chillicothe and by land with the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh Indiana Volunteers on the 11th, also the engagement of the same day, have been heretofore forwarded, under date of the 13th.

On the 12th, reconnaissance was made by a small party under Captain Ryan. The Chillicothe was making some repairs, and two 30-pounder Parrott guns and one 68-pounder howitzer were placed in battery.

On the 13th, the gunboats Chillicothe, Captain Foster, and De Kalb, Captain Walker, the mortar-boat, and our land battery opened and kept up a constant fire for about an hour and a half, when the gunboats withdrew, the land battery and mortar continuing until sunset. Two killed and 4 wounded during the day.

On the 14th, our land battery fired a few rounds; the gunboats were not yet ready to renew the attack. The Thirty-THIRD Missouri, Colonel Pile, and Forty-seventh Indiana, Colonel Slack, were engaged in making important reconnaissances on both sides of the river. Two prisoners were taken by the Thirty-THIRD Missouri.

On the 16th, it was arranged to make another effort to take the fort. The gunboats were to engage at close quarters, and the land battery to open at the same time, and, if successful in silencing the batteries of the enemy, the infantry were to move down in light-draught gunboats and assault the fort. The gunboat Chillicothe was disabled within FIFTEEN minutes after she became engaged, and withdrew; the De Kalb followed, and the movement was a failure. The Chillicothe was so severely damaged, and the supply of ammunition was so short, that it was considered unsafe to renew the attack.

We remained in front of the fort until the morning of the 20th, occupying the time constantly reconnoitering the country thoroughly by

