
May 12, 1863. -Skirmish at Greenville, MISS.

Skirmish at Fourteen-Mile Creek, MISS.

13, 1863. -Skirmishes at Mississippi Springs and at Baldwin's and Hall's Ferries, MISS.

14, 1863. -Engagement at Jackson, MISS.

GENERAL REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major General Henry W. Halleck, General-in-Chief, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. -Major General Ulysses S. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Tennessee, including correspondence with the authorities at Washington, January 20-July 10.

Numbers 3. -Mr. Charles A. Dana, special commissioner of the United States War Department.

Numbers 4. -Captain Frederick E. Prime, U. S. Corps of Engineers, Chief Engineer, of operations January 30-May 4.

Numbers 5. -Lieutenant Colonel James H. Wilson, Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army, Chief of Topographical Engineers, of operations

April 24-May 11.

Numbers 6. -Captain Ocran H. Howard, U. S. Signal Corps, Chief Signal Officer, of operations April 3-July 4.

Numbers 7. -Major General John A. McClernand, U. S. Army, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, of operations March 30-June 17, with resulting correspondence.

Numbers 8. -Liet. Francis Tunica, Engineer Officer NINTH DIVISION, of operations April 17-May 24.

Numbers 9. -Message of President Davis, transmitting to the Confederate Congress certain correspondence with General Joseph E. Johnston, U. S. Army.

Number 10. -General Joseph E. Johnston, C. S. Army, of operations March 12-July 20.

Number 11. -Lieutenant General John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana, of operations April 4-July 4.

Number 1. Reports of Major General Henry W. Halleck, General-in-Chief, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C.,

November 15, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your orders, I submit the following summary of military operations since my last annual report:

* * * * * * *

DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE.

At the date of my last annual report [November 9, 1862]*, Major-General Grant occupied WEST Tennessee and the northern boundary of Mississippi. The object of the campaign of this army was the opening of the Mississippi River, in conjunction with the army of General Banks. General Grant was instructed to drive the enemy in the interior as far south as possible, and destroy their railroad communications; then to fall back to Memphis, and embark his available forces on transports, and, with the assistance of the fleet of Admiral Porter, reduce Vicksburg. The first part of this plan was most successfully executed, but the right wing of the army sent against Vicksburg, under Major-General Sherman, found that place much stronger than was expected. Two attacks were made on the 28th and 29th of December, but, failing in

---------------

*Bracketed matter in compilation is explanatory.

---------------

