
a DIVISION. When it joins I will come to you. Which do you think the best route? How and where is the enemy operating? What is your force?

J. E. Johnston.

JACKSON, May 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON:

My last note was returned by the bearer. Two hundred thousand caps have been sent. It will be continued as they arrive. Bragg is sending a DIVISION. When it comes I will move to you. Which do you think the best route? How and where is the enemy encamped? What is your force?

J. E. Johnston.

NEAR Vicksburg, May 29, 1863.

VIA MEMPHIS, May 31.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy under Johnston is collecting in large force to attack me and rescue the garrison of Vicksburg. I have had my cavalry and six brigades of infantry out looking after them, and they confirm the report of a large force being collected at Canton. The number is reported to be 45,000, but may not be so large. If Banks does not come to my assistance, I must be re-enforced from elsewhere. I will avoid surprise, and do the best I can with all the means at hand.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 2, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Vicksburg, via Memphis:

Are you in communication with General Banks? Is he coming toward you or going farther off? Is there or has there been anything to hinder his coming directly to you by water from Alexandria?

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 2, 1863-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Vicksburg, MISS.:

Yours of the 29th received. I will do all I can to assist you. I have sent dispatch after dispatch to General Banks to join you. * Why he does not I cannot understand. His separate operation upon Port Hudson is in direct violation of his instructions. If possible, send him this dispatch. My last dispatch from him was May 4.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 3, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

The approaches are gradually nearing the enemy's fortifications. Five days more should plant our batteries on their parapets. Johnston

---------------

*See Halleck's correspondence with Banks, Series I, Vols. XV and XXVI.

---------------

