
again, with one gunboat guns and land battery and 13-inch mortar. Kept it up with great spirit until after sunset. Ammunition arrived just now for heavy guns.

The above just received from General Loring.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORT PEMBERTON, March 14, 1863-8 p. m.

Enemy remained quiet until 3 p. m., when they opened from their land batteries, which was briskly returned by us. Lasted but few minutes. Evidently to try strength of our guns.

W. W. LORING,Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

FORT PEMBERTON, March 16, 1863.

GENERAL: From information and observation, think the enemy number between 5,000 and 10,000. Am of opinion it is but the advance of a very powerful force. Two of the largest class boats have just come down through the Pass. I think it will require the heaviest guns to resist them. They are now erecting land batteries with heavy guns. I have ordered three more regiments from Yazoo City to protect my flanks by preventing the crossing of Tallahatchee in my rear and reaching Yazoo in my front. Both are difficult for the enemy to do, owing to overflows. Would advise the sending of columbiads to Yazoo City. If you have a competent engineer to spare, I would like him ordered here. Dr. Voorhies arrived yesterday.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON.
HEADQUARTERS FORT PEMBERTON, march 16, 1863- 9 p. m.

The enemy, with one iron-clad covered with cotton and sides protected by cotton on raft, opened upon us at 12. 30 o'clock to-day. The iron-clad retired in about forty-five minutes. The land battery kept up the fire until sunset. No loss on our side. We are unable to prevent land batteries from increasing, because we are fearful of not receiving more ammunition in time. Have ordered another raft constructed on Yazoo, opposite here, and works thrown up on other side river. If I can have one week, will effect it.

W. W. LORING,Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON.

FORT PEMBERTON, March 17, 1863-10 a. m.

Yours of 16th received. If I can hold the enemy back a week, will have another raft constructed in Yazoo River opposite this and works

