
of our defenses, with great gallantry and skill prevented the enemy turning that flank.

Lieutenant Colonel W. N. Brown, commanding Twentieth Mississippi, and Captain H. Cantey, also of the Twentieth, for important aid in collecting material for our raft while in readiness to defend the works.

Colonel D. R. Rusell, Twentieth Mississippi during the last engagement, and General Tilghman subsequently (though the enemy was still I our front), rendered every possible aid. The general, in command of our left flank, kept the enemy apprehensive of their rear.

I cannot s praise of the courage, coolness, and efficiency of Captain John D. Myrick, my aide and acting chief of artillery, not only under the fire of the enemy in battle, but at the critical moment of the explosion of our magazine. In the midst of it, when every one was appalled, he stood unfalteringly, and with great heroism rallied his men to their guns.

Captain [B. J.] Hogue, Lieutenants W. S. Wheatley, [J. Q.] Wall, and Captain [W. H.] Hedden, artillery; Sergt. J. Hennerberry, Company A, Twenty-SECOND Louisiana Volunteers, commanded guns, and served them with great skill and courage. Sergts. David Eaton and Hugh Moldoon, belonging to the Navy, are mentioned for their accuracy as gunners and courage as men.

Before and after the enemy appeared, the weather was inclement, and when all depended upon the greatest energy, none rendered better service or were more exposed than the following officers: Major George McKnight, assistant adjutant-general; Dr. [A. H.] Voorgies, chief surgeon; Captain Armstead, ordnance [officer]; Captain [Belton] Mickle, quartermaster; Major Meriwether and Captain [Powhatan] Robinson, engineers; Dr. [E.] Randall, Captains [Samuel] Carter and [B. F.] Stirling and [H.] Wickeland, and Lieutenant [Peter] Schwander, Waul's Legion.

I would here remark that this expedition was the prominent one of a great plan for the attack of Vicksburg in rear. It was to move rapidly down the Yazoo River to the mouth of Sunflower; there await another expedition down that river; the two united were to meet a THIRD up the Yazoo; the three to force the raft at Snyder's Bluff; united, to turn Vicksburg. After many months of secret preparations, they were certain of success. With but little time to fortify, they were determinedly met and forced to an ignominious retreat, leaving behind them evidences that their loss was great in men and material- a check which will undoubtedly prevent a further invasion of the State of Mississippi by the way of Tallahatchee and Yazoo River.

With respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER, Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT PEMBERTON, March 23, 1863-4. 30 p. m.

The enemy in force with their gunboats have again made their appearance, opening fire at 2. 15 and immediately ceasing fire.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

General J. C. PEMBERTON.

(Same, Pemberton to Stevenson, March 24.)

27 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. I

