
NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., June 11, 1863,

VIA CAIRO, ILL., June 16.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Re-enforcements other than from my own command are beginning to arrive. There is every indication that they may be required. The enemy occupy Yazoo City and Canton, with an entire DIVISION of cavalry on the ridge between the two rivers. I am fortifying Haynes' Bluff, and will have a garrison there of 13,000 men, besides the ability to throw an equal amount more there in case of an attack, and still keep up the investment of Vicksburg. Kirby Smith is showing signs of working to this side of the river, either to operate against General Banks or myself. He may find difficulty in crossing the river, but the great number of bayous and little lakes within a short distance of shore in this region afford such facilities for concealing boats that the means of crossing an army may still be left to the rebels; particularly may this be the case about Natchez. I now fear trouble on the opposite side of the river, between Lake Providence and Milliken's Bend.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

BEHIND Vicksburg, MISS., June 11, 1863,

VIA MEMPHIS, TENN., June 14.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have reliable information from the entire interior of the South. Johnston has been re-enforced by 3,000 troops from Mobile and other parts of Georgia; by [J. P.] McCown's and Breckinridge's DIVISIONS (9,000 men), and 4,000 of Forrest's cavalry, from Bragg's army; 9,000 men from Charleston, and 2,200 from Port Hudson. Orders were sent the very day General Banks invested Port Hudson, to evacuate it. Garrison there now 8,000. Lee's army has not been reduced; Bragg's force now 46,000 infantry and artillery and 15,000 cavalry. Everything not required for daily use has been removed to Atlanta, Ga. His army can fall back to Bristol or Chattanooga at a moment's notice, which places, it is thought, he can hold, and spare 25,000 troops. Mobile and Savannah are now almost entirely without garrisons, further than men to manage large guns. No troops are left in the interior to send to any place. All further re-enforcements will have to come from one of the great armies. There are about 32,000 men WEST of the Mississippi, exclusive of the troops in Texas. Orders were sent them one week ago by Johnston. The purport of the order not known. Herron has arrived here, and troops from Burnside looked for to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, June 12, 1863-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Via Memphis, Tenn.:

I hope you fully appreciate the importance of time in the reduction of Vicksburg. The large re-enforcements sent to you have opened Missouri and Kentucky to rebel raids. The siege should be pushed night and day with all possible dispatch.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

