
FEBRUARY 27, 1863. - Skirmish near Bloomington, on the Hatchie River, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS,March 2, 1863.

GENERAL: Colonel Wolfe, commanding at Fort Pillow, reports that Captain Moore, SECOND Illinois Cavalry, reached, on the 27th ultimo, at daybreak, with 200 mounted [men], the principal camp of the rebel Colonel [R. V.] Richardson, in the neighborhood of Bloomington, on the Hatchie. The rebels, however, started on the previous day to the southeast, leaving only 8 men to guard the camp and collect conscripts. This guard was taken, with all the property in their charge, 27 horses and mules, wagons and commissary stores, and the camp, with several large buildings and comfortable quarters, entirely destroyed.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps, Memphis.

MARCH 2-3, 1863. - Scout from LA Grange, Tenn., to Hudsonville and Salem, MISS., and Saulsbury, Tenn.

Report of Major William D. Blackburn, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

LA GRANGE, TENN., March 3, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders from Colonel Grierson, I started on the morning of the 2nd, with the First Battalion of this regiment, consisting of 140 men and 5 commissioned officers, on the Holly Springs road, to Old Lamar, thence to the neighborhood of Early Grove, thence to Hudsonville, thence to near Salem, where we staid all night with Mr. Hall, a wealthy "secesh". In the morning passed through Salem to near Wolf River; found the bridge gone, and had to turn up to McDowell's Mill to cross; found the "rebs" thick from Salem to Wolf, but in small squads and as wild as ducks; distributed the force in all directions, and had plenty of chases, a good many shots, and a few captures, as hereafter described. From Wolf we went to near Saulsbury; found nothing; thence, by Bob Smith's place, down on the north side of Wolf, to camp. A description of the persons, with the papers captured on them, is herewith inclosed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. BLACKBURN,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

Colonel PRINCE.

[Indorsement.]

List of prisoners, with papers found on the persons of the prisoners, sent to provost-marshal's office.

J. B. HARRIS,

Major.

