
[Indorsement.]

LA GRANGE, March 17, 1863.

Captain R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-GENERAL:

Respectfully forwarded. The conduct of Colonel Grierson and his command is to be highly commended.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Major-General.

Number 2.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Reuben Loomis, Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

LA GRANGE, TENN., March 15, 1863.

COLONEL: In pursuance of your order of the 7th, I had my command, 500 in number, in the saddle at 9. 30 o'clock of the 8th, and started on the Somerville road; camped 3 miles this side of Somerville. By your order we started at 3 a. m. for Richardson's camp, about 30 miles north of Somerville, which we reached about 12 o'clock of the same day. Found the enemy drawn up in line in a dense wood and swamp, ready to give us battle. We attacked them vigorously, by your order, broke their [line], which they in vain repeatedly tried to form. We drove them steadily forward for 5 or 6 miles, finally breaking them up and scattering them in every direction. We killed some 15 or 16, as I afterward ascertained, wounded a large number, captured their train with all their stores, also some 15 or 16 prisoners, to the best of my recollection, among whom was Captain Cobb and a lieutenant.

Officers and men behaved with great gallantry, without a single exception, not only risking the balls of the enemy, but in leaping fences, ditches, logs, and swamps of all depths of mud and water.

Colonel, hoping what we have done may meet your approbation, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. LOOMIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel B. H. GRIERSON,

Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 3.

Report of Colonel Edward Prince, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

LA GRANGE, TENN., March 12, 1863.

SIR: I report that, in pursuance of orders of the brigadier-general commanding, I moved, in command of this regiment, the first day in advance of the brigade, starting from LA Grange, Tenn., at 9. 30

a. m., March 8, 1863. The rest of the time the regiment marched in rear of the Sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, and consequently participated but little in the gallant engagement with the enemy. By order of the colonel commanding the brigade, Company H, of this regiment, destroyed the camp and garrison equipage of Colonel Richardson, First Regiment Tennessee Guerrillas, consisting, in part, of FIFTY tents, ammunition, quartermaster's

and commissary stores, and the entire regi-

