
mental property at the camp near Covington, Tenn. On approaching Somerville, I sent forward Company A, of this regiment, to make a feint, and, meeting with a squad of rebel cavalry, they captured 1 in a charge upon the town.

In leaving the camp of Richardson, near Covington, Major Nelson, commanding the First Battalion, this regiment, detached a squad of men for the purpose of ascertaining the truth of a report that a Federal horse and saddle was some 2 miles from camp. They proceeded, and, 8 in number, encountered 26 of the rebels, under the command of Captain Cushman, who had cut them off entirely from the main body. The gallant little squad charged the rebels, severely wounded the captain in the arm, killed 1 lieutenant ([Thos. J.] Ray), and captured and brought off a prisoner. I desire to mention the names of the party for their gallant conduct, as follows: Sergt. Charles C. Hays, Corpl. David B. Spencer, Privates [Peter S.] Traphagen, [Joseph D.] Brown, Neff, [Edward W.] Tift, [William P.] Handly, and [William] Potter, all of Company K, this regiment.

On March 10, I detailed Company F, this regiment, to endeavor to ascertain where certain wagons had been secreted, the tracks of which had been followed from Richardson's camp. Captain McDonald, Company F, this regiment, being at the head of his company, came near a house, and observed several men (some mounted and some of foot) fleeing from the house. Being well mounted, he gave chase, and, by the spirit and activity of his horse, had left behind him and had distanced his company some 300 yards. Having lost his fire-arms the preceding day, he was fired at five times at very close range by the rebel he engaged, who was armed with both revolver and musket. The captain pursued with his only weapon (the saber), and, with a blow, dismounted his enemy, but was at the same moment caught by a limb and himself dismounted. He, however, pursued on foot and captured his prisoner. He deserved great praise for his bravery and gallantry. At this time and place was captured Captain Cushman and squad. The regiment captured some 20 prisoners, horses, and other property.

Respectfully, yours,

EDWARD PRINCE,

Colonel, commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WOODWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 4.

Report of Colonel R. V. Richardson, First Tennessee Partisan Rangers.

FAYETTE COUNTY, TENNESSEE, March 13, 1863.

DEAR SIR: * * * On the 9th instant,* the Sixth and Seventh Illinois Cavalry, with a six-gun battery, attacked my position in Tipton County, 2 miles from Covington, at the Lemmon woods; at the same time a heavy cavalry force was advancing on me from Collierville (but did not reach the scene of action); in all, about 2,000 men.

The action commenced at 12 m., and lasted for two hours, when we were forced to retire from the field. My men engaged did not exceed

* Portion of report omitted above relates to organization of the regiment and skirmish, January 11, at Lowry's Ferry Tenn. See Series I, VOL. XVII, Part I, p. 797.

