
Kansas Cavalry, engaged them, and drove them rapidly along the road. I immediately ordered forward Company A, Seventh Kansas, to the support of Lieutenant Smith, and they pursued the flying rebels, taking several prisoners. When I reached the edge of the bottom with the head of the column, I found the main body of the rebels had left the road, turning south. I ththe advance, and took the trail of the main body, and followed them into the swamp of Beaver Dam Bottom until they had scattered to the four winds of heaven. From the best information I could gather, I think there were about 100 in the party when we first met them.

The rain came down in torrents all day, and made the bottoms and swamps very difficult to pass over. After becoming satisfied that Richardson's forces were well scattered, I turned back, and proceeded to near Galloway Station, the place where I encamped the night previous, thence to the Brownsville and Memphis road, thence southwest toward Memphis, Tenn., and crossed the Loosahatchee near the house of Captain [J. H.] Murry (of Richardson's command), near Wythe Station, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad.

After passing Wythe about 1 1/2 miles, the advance guard came upon a negro picket, who ran upon our approach to the house of General Hayes, at present occupied by his son, A. J. Hayes. The advance promptly moved up and surrounded the buildings on the plantation, but some of the birds had flown. Colonel Robert F. Looney (called Brigadier-General Looney), formerly colonel of the Thirty-eight Tennessee Infantry; Major R. A. Sanford, formerly of said regiment, and Captain David Bright, all fled, but were overtaken and captured by the promptness of the advance. After securing the prisoners, I encamped the command on the plantation.

At daylight on the morning of the 11th instant, I moved about 1 mile to the southwest, toward Memphis, crossing Clear Creek at that place, then in a southeasterly direction toward Morning Sun, on the Missouri State road to Fisherville, thence to Little's Bridge, on Wolf River. Here I divided the command, sending the Seventh Kansas with the prisoners, under Major Merriman, of that regiment, to Germantown, with orders to report to Colonel A. L. Lee, commanding brigade, and with the Fourth Illinois Cavalry came into camp at this place.

The following is a list of prisoners, with rank, taken on this expedition: Colonel Robert F. Looney, Thirty-eight Tennessee Infantry, commanding Partisan Rangers; R. A. Sanford, first lieutenant and adjutant Thirty-eight Tennessee Infantry; Captain David Bright, Company K, Eighteenth Mississippi Infantry. *

* * * * * * * * * * * *

Colonel Looney professes to have been sent here for the purpose of investigating the complaints of citizens against Richardson and his command. I have talked with several citizens, and they all say that he is here for the purpose of recruiting and organizing a cavalry brigade in Western Tennessee. I am not prepared to determine the truth of the statement.

Where all acted cheerfully and bravely, it would be invidious to discriminate.

Respectfully submitted.

M. R. M. WALLACE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Detachment 2nd Brigade, Cavalry DIVISION.

Lieutenant J . H. PARKER, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

* The names of 9 men omitted.

