
and do not despair of having Vicksburg before they arrive. This latter, however, I may be disappointed in. I may have to abandon protection to the leased plantations from here to Lake Providence, to resist a threat from Kirby Smith's troops. The location of these leased plantations was most unfortunate, and against my judgment. I wanted them put north of the White River.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NEAR Vicksburg, MISS., July 4, 1863-10. 30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy surrendered this morning. The only terms allowed is their parole as prisoners of war. This I regarded as of great advantage to us at this juncture. It saves probably several days in the captured town; leaves troops and transports ready for immediate service. General Sherman, with a large force, will face immediately on Johnston and drive him from the State. I will send troops to the relief of General Banks, and return the NINTH Corps to General Burnside.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, MISS., July 6, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Army of the Tennessee, and co-operating forces, from the date of my assuming the immediate command of the expedition against Vicksburg, MISS., to the reduction of that place:

From the moment of taking command in person, I became satisfied that Vicksburg could only be turned from the south side, and, in accordance with this conviction, I prosecuted the work on the canal, which had been located by Louisiana side of the river, with all vigor, hoping to make a channel which would pass transports for moving the army and carrying supplies to the new base of operations thus provided. The task was much more herculean than it at first appeared, and was made much more so by the almost continuous rains that fell during the whole of the time this work was prosecuted. The river, too, continued to rise and made a large expenditure of labor necessary to keep the water out of our camps and the canal.

Finally, on March 8, the rapid, rise of the river, and the consequent great pressure upon the dam across the canal, near the upper end, at the main Mississippi levee, caused it to give way and let through the low lands back of our camps a torrent of water that separated the north and south shores of the peninsula as effectually as if the Mississippi flowed between them. This occurred when the enterprise promised success within a short time. There was some delay in trying to repair damages. It was found, however, that with the then stage of water some other plan would have to be adopted for getting below Vicksburg with transports.

Captain F. E. Prime, chief engineer, and Colonel G. G. Pride, who was acting on my staff, prospected a route through the bayous which run from near Milliken's Bend, on the north, and New Carthage, on the

