
emy filing along the edge of the woods and taking position on the creek, about 1 mile ahead of our advance. Shortly after, they opened fire on the gunboats from batteries behind the cavalry and infantry. The boats not only replied to the battery, which they soon silenced, but poured a destructive fire into their lines. Heavy skirmishing was also heard in our front, supposed to be three companies from the Sixth and Eight Missouri, whose position, taken the previous night to guard the creek, was beyond the point reached by the enemy, and consequently liable to be cut off or captured.

Captain [Elias K.] Owen, of the Louisville, the leading boat, made every effort to go through the obstructions and aid in rescuing the men. I ordered Major Kirby, with four companies of the Sixth Missouri, forward, with two companies deployed. He soon met General Sherman, with the Thirteenth Infantry and One hundred and thirteenth Illinois, driving the enemy before them and opening communication along the creek with the gunboats. Instead of our three companies referred to engaging the enemy, General Sherman had arrived at a very opportune moment with the two regiments mentioned above and the SECOND Brigade. The enemy not expecting an attack from that quarter, after some hot skirmishing retreated. General Sherman immediately ordered the Thirteenth Infantry and the One hundred and thirteenth Illinois to pursue, but after following their trace for about 2 miles, when we bivouacked for the night.

Early on Monday morning, March 22 [23], we continued our march, but owing to the slow progress of the gunboats did not reach Hill's plantation until Tuesday, the 23rd [24th] instant, where we remained until the 25th [26th], then re-embarked and arrived at Young's Point on Friday, the 27th instant. Below you will find a list of casualties. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Colonel Eight Missouri Volunteers, Comdg. First Brigade.

Captain C. McDONALD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -I forgot to state above that the Thirteenth Infantry and One hundred and thirteenth Illinois, being under the immediate command of General Sherman, he can mention them as their conduct deserves.

G. A. S.

Numbers 4.

Report of Colonel George B. Hoge, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 113TH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Young's Point, La., March 28, 1863.

COLONEL: I would respectfully submit the following report of my command, the Thirteenth U. S. Infantry and the One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry, in the skirmish on Deer Creek, near Rolling Fork, March 22, 1863:

While marching, as per order of General Sherman, when within about 3 miles of Rolling Fork, my advance guard, under command of Captain

* Shows 1 man killed and 3 men wounded.

