
Washington, of the Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, were fired into by the enemy. I ordered Captain Washington to deploy his command as skirmishers, and advance in a southwesterly direction about 200 yards. I then marched my command forward to within a short distance of where the first skirmishing took place, and there formed the line of battle. Previous to forming the line of battle, I ordered Captain Williams, of the One hundred and thirteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, to deploy his company as skirmishers, his right resting on Captain Washington's left. After line of battle was formed, I ordered Captains Ewing and Irish, and Lieutenant Knox, of the Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, to deploy their commands as skirmishers on the line running north and south. I then advanced my command in line of battle about 200 yards, when I halted, awaiting a report from the skirmishers, which was brought to me by the adjutant of the Thirteenth U. S. Infantry. I then advanced till I came close on to the skirmishers, when I varied the direction somewhat of the skirmishers, inclining to the north, and ordered all the skirmishers to keep their commands as nearlossible. The skirmishers having driven the enemy very rapidly, and not being able to follow them in line of battle, I changed my command from line of battle into the march by column, and followed the skirmishers as closely as possible. When within about 1 1/2 miles of Rolling Fork, I halted the column and drew in the skirmishers. I then marched my command in a southeasterly direction until I came to the Deer Creek road, when I again halted, and the skirmishers all reported. I then countermarched and marched down Deer Creek road, when I had the honor to report to you.

Casualties, 1 man wounded in the ankle, in Captain Washington's company, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. HOGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel GILES A. SMITH,

Commanding First Brigade, SECOND DIVISION.

Numbers 5.

Report of Colonel Thomas Kilby Smith, FIFTY-fourth Ohio Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., Fifteenth A. C.,Camp. opposite Vicksburg, March 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by four regiments of the SECOND Brigade, under my command, in the late expedition in aid of admiral Porter. (The FIFTY-FIFTH Illinois was ordered on special service the 15th instant, under command of Brigadier-General Ransom, and did not report back to my command till the 26th instant.)

On the morning of the 17th instant, the brigade was embarked at Young's Point upon transports, and, proceeding up the Mississippi River, landed at Eagle Bend, from whence a bridge and road sufficient for the passage of infantry was constructed to Steele's Bayou by details from the DIVISION.

On the evening of the 19th, the brigade was debarked, and, marching to Steele's Bayou, bivouacked near its intersection with Muddy Bayou. At this time I placed the command with Lieutenant-Colonel Rice, of the

