
rear of the last boat, marched down the creek 2 1/2 or 3 miles, where, by order of General Sherman, I encamped the brigade for the night.

On the morning of the 23rd, we resumed the march, the SECOND Brigade in advance, the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois leading. Marched to Watson's plantation, some 5 miles, where we encamped till the next morning, waiting for the gunboats to come up.

On the morning of the 24th, by order of Major-General Sherman, I had the feeble of the command placed on the gunboat Carondelet. At 8 o'clock I again moved forward the brigade, the Eighty-THIRD Indiana in advance, and came to Hill's plantation at 11 a. m., when I returned over the brigade to you and returned to my regiment.

Part of the time the weather was very inclement, and thereby the roads rendered exceedingly bad, and the march quite fatiguing to the men. With promptness and alacrity were all commands obeyed by the different regiments, and I have to thank the officers and men of each for their worthy bearing, and for their consideration to me during the time that circumstances gave me command of the brigade.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. RICE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg, 2nd Brigade, 2nd DIVISION, 15th Army Corps.

Colonel T. KILBY SMITH,

Comdg. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SEVENTH Ohio VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Young's Point, La., March 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the FIFTY-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the late expedition to Rolling Fork, MISS.

By orders from T. Kilby Smith, commanding brigade, I marched the FIFTY-seventh Regiment, with two day's rations in haversacks, at daylight on Tuesday morning, March 17, some 4 miles to the upper landing, and embarked on board the steamer Minnehaha. At 10 o'clock the boat with the fleet moved up the river to Eagle Bend. We remained on board till the morning of the 19th, during which time a foot bridge was constructed over a part of Muddy Bayou and a portion of the country overflowed between Eagle Bend and Steele's Bayou, the FIFTY-seventh performing its part of the work.

Debarked from the Minnehaha on the morning of the 19th, and soon after dinner (having drawn three days' rations from Captain

[Frank J.] Crawford, acting commissary of subsistence), the same day, marched easterly from Eagle Bend along Muddy Bayou to Steele's Bayou. At this time, by order of Colonel T. Kilby Smith, I was assigned the command of the SECOND Brigade, and the command of the FIFTY-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry was turned over to Captain John McClure.

I resumed command of the FIFTY-seventh on the 24th, the brigade having returned to Hill's plantation, where we remained until the morning of the 26th. Embarked on board the steamer Eagle, at the landing on Black Bayou, and returned through Steele's and Cypress Bayous to the Yazoo, thence to Young's Point, La., where we arrive at 4 o'clock last evening. Immediately debarked, and put the regiment in its quarters on the levee.

The conduct of officers and men was all that I could desire; though their duties at times were arduous, yet they were performed cheerfully and with a will.

