
Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, and proceeded by way of Black and Muddy Bayous and the Yazoo and Mississippi Rivers to the lower landing at Young's Point, La., where we arrived on the 27th instant, at

5 p. m.

My regiment numbered about 20 officers and 300 enlisted men for duty in this expedition.

Very respectfully, yours,

H. N. ELDRIDGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 127th Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel T. KILBY SMITH,

Commanding SECOND Brigade.

Numbers 8.

Report of Captain Benjamin H. Myers, Eighty-THIRD Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Camp, Young's Point, La., March 28, 1863.

SIR: I beg leave to report that on the morning of the 17th instant, in obedience to orders, the Eighty-THIRD Regiment Indiana Volunteers embarked on board the David Tatum, upward bound from this point. The regiment disembarked at Gwin's farm.

On the following day, 19th instant, the regiment moved across the peninsula to Muddy Bayou, where they remained until the 20th instant, at which time we embarked on board the Silver Wave, and moved in the direction of Black Bayou, and then up the bayou to Hill's farm, where we disembarked. The regiment from that point marched on floor till we reached our advance (say 20 miles). Our arrival was certainly very timely, the enemy having our advance flanked and being immediately upon their rear.

Our demonstration was such that the enemy withdrew, and I received orders to retire, which I complied with, reaching the then headquarters of General Sherman, on Hill's farm, on the 24th instant.

On the 25th instant, were ordered to take position on Fore's plantation. At this point and time Colonel Benjamin J. Spooner joined the regiment and assumed command. I shall, however, at his request, conclude this report.

I immediately marched the regiment to the point indicated, where I met the enemy. I had taken the precaution before entering the woods dividing the Hill and Fore plantations to throw out Company A,

Captain Chipman commanding, as skirmishers, with orders to skirmish the entire woods, which order Captain Chipman obeyed to the letter.

When my line of skirmishers reached the cleared ground of Fore's plantation, they met the skirmishers of the enemy, and engaged them in a sharp skirmish of a half hour's duration. While the skirmishing would very brisk, and indulging the idea that a general engagement would follow, I ordered up to support my skirmishers Companies G, Lieutenant Hezen commanding, and K, Lieutenant Scott. The firing at this moment was rapid. I went in person to the front, and found the enemy in force in line of battle, preceded by at least one regiment as skirmishers. I lost, of Company G, 1 killed, to wit, William Lathrop.

I then recwithdraw my whole force, save a small picket force. I withdrew the regiment, and on the morning following embarked on board the steamer Silver Wave, and arrived at camp at this point on the 27th instant.

