
I am happy to say that no casualty or accident happened my command, save the one mentioned in this report.

I cannot close this report without favorably mentioning the services rendered by Acting Adjutant Roertz, who was placed in command of the force engaged on the 25th instant. His gallantry is worthy of commendation. Indeed, all brought in contact with the enemy behaved with that gallantry which should distinguish the citizen soldier.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BEN. H. MYERS,

Captain, Comdg. Eighty-THIRD Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Captain G. MOODIE WHITE, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Cyrus W. Fisher, FIFTY-fourth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH Ohio VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Opposite Vicksburg, March 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the FIFTY-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the expedition up Steele's Bayou by the SECOND DIVISION of the Fifteenth Army Corps:

On the morning of the 17th instant, with two days' rations in haversacks, I marched the regiment from their present camp to Young's Point, a distance of 4 1/2 miles, and embarked upon the steamer Minnehaha. We landed at Eagle Bend, in the Mississippi River, on the evening of the 17th instant, and assisted in the construction of a foot bridge and road from the Gwin plantation to Steele's Bayou, which was so far completed as to allow the transit of troops the afternoon of the 19th instant, at which time we disembarked and marched toward Steele's Bayou, about three-fourths of a mile, and bivouacked for the night.

We remained at this point until noon the 21st, when we were ordered by Colonel Smith, commanding SECOND Brigade, to embark on the steamer Eagle, then lying in Steele's Bayou, which order was complied with promptly by my command. We steamed up the bayou through the woods slowly, arriving at the mouth of Black Bayou about 5 p. m., and were transferred into a coal-barge, in which we were transported, with the aid of a steam tug, about 2 miles up Black Bayou to a landing in a canebrake, where we met General Sherman, who directed us to march to Hill's plantation, 2 miles farther up the bayou, and bivouac for the night.

On the morning of the 22nd, having filled haversacks with hard bread, I took the advance of the brigade, by order of Lieutenant-Colonel Rice, FIFTY-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, at that time commanding brigade, and kept within easy supporting distance of the rear of the First Brigade. At noon the regiment halted at the plantation known as Fore's place, and after a rest of an hour was ordered to proceed. We had marched about 4 miles when the advance guard of the First Brigade was fired upon by the enemy, and brisk skirmishing was soon heard in front. Colonel Rice ordered me to form in line of battle, and advance until my right should join the left of the First Brigade. Major-General Sherman came up at the moment, and ordered me to advance in line of battle, with my left resting upon the road which ran along the bank of Deer Creek. I ordered Lieutenant Enoch, with one half of Company A deployed as skirmishers, to advance rapidly to the front, until

