
he should be in line with of skirmishers of the First Brigade. We advanced in this order through the woods 2 miles, and when we emerged into an open field we could see our gunboats close at hand. By order of General Sherman, I called in the skirmishers, and advanced up the road by the right flank until we met the infantry force in company with the gunboats.

After resting the men an hour, by order of Colonel Rice, I advanced on the road 1 1/2 miles, and relieved six companies from the Sixth and Eight Missouri Regiments, which were bringing up the rear of the gunboat train. My dispositions for rear guard were scarcely completed when the enemy appeared to the eastward and falling back from the woods into the open field, being followed by our troops at very long musket range. They did not come near enough to draw a fire from us. The gunboat Carondelet threw a few shells, by way of impetus to their backward movement, with excellent effect.

At this point commenced the backward movement of the FIFTY-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. We moved along at a snail's pace, keeping in rear of the last gunboat, until sundown, when we were relieved, and ordered by General Sherman to rejoin the SECOND Brigade, which we did 2 miles back on the road, at the Mounds. During the night the rain fell heavily.

On the morning of the 23rd, we marched 5 miles, over very bad roads, and were halted near a steam mill (I did not learn the name of the planter), where we remained in bivouac until the morning of the 24th, when we were ordered to march on to Hill's plantation, where we arrived about noon, and were assigned our position by Colonel T. K. Smith, who again assumed command of the brigade at this point.

We remained at Hill's plantation until the morning of the 26th, and were then ordered to embark on the steamer Eagle; ran down the bayou in the Yazoo River and down to Young's Point, arriving in camp this evening.

The men and officers of the regiment who accompanied the expedition did all they were ordered to do cheerfully, and endured the exposure without a murmur.

I must here mention the fact that the major-general commanding the Fifteenth Army Corps was himself on foot, and marched part of the time at the head of the FIFTY-fourth, and this exhibition of carelessness of personal comfort on the part of one so high in command filled the men with enthusiasm, and it is saying but very little to say they all believed in General Sherman.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. FISHER,

Major, Commanding FIFTY-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain G. MOODIE WHITE,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 15th A. C., Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 10.

Report of Captain John McClure, FIFTY-seventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SEVENTH Ohio VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Young's Point, La., March 28, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your request to furnish you with an account of the part taken by the FIFTY-seventh Ohio in the late march upon

