
Rolling Fork, during the time the same was under my command, I have the honor to report as follows:

On the afternoon of March 19, 1863, I assumed command of the FIFTY-seventh Ohio. Nothing worthy of note on that afternoon.

On the 20th of March nothing of interest transpired.

On the afternoon of the 21st, I marched the regiment to the steamer Eagle, then lying at the mouth of Muddy Bayou, and placed it on board of that boat, on which we were carried through Steele's Bayou to the mouth of Black Bayou. At this point I transferred the regiment to a coal-boat, and we were taken some 2 miles up that bayou, at which point we disembarked and marched to the cotton-gin on the Hill plantation, where we remained that night.

On the morning of the 22nd, I received your order to march with two day's rations in haversacks. Owing to a scarcity of rations at Hill's plantation, I was compelled to move my command on less than half rations of hard break, without meat, coffee, sugar, rice, hominy, beans or potatoes. We took position in the rear of the brigade, and marched along the south bank of Deer Creek for 13 miles, at which place we came up with the gunboats, at 3 p. m. of that day. By your order, I marched the FIFTY-seventh Ohio back to the Montauk Mounds, and encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 23rd, we took up line of retreat, and halted for the evening at Watson's Mills, where we encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 24th, we again took up line of retreat, and marched to Hill's plantation, where we arrived about 11 a. m. of that day, at which time you assumed command of the regiment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN McCLURE,

Captain, Commanding FIFTY-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel A. V. RICE,

Comdg. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 11.

Report of Brigadier General Hugh Ewing, U. S. Army, commanding THIRD Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., Fifteenth ARMY CORPS,Young's Point, La., March 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade in the late expedition to Rolling Fork:

An order to move at 6 a. m. of the 17th instant was received at 11. 30 p. m. of the 16th, and, at the time specified, I marched along the levee to the upper landing, embarked upon transports, and arrived at Eagle Bend on the evening of the same day.

On the morning of the 18th, I ordered Colonel Parry, of the Forty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, to debark his regiment, and construct bridges over two impassable crevasses in the levee skirting Muddy Bayou. The bridges were completed at 12 m. on the 19th, and the troops of the First and SECOND Brigades passed over to Steele's Bayou.

On the 20th instant, I ordered Colonel Parry to construct a wagon and artillery road from the head of Muddy and Steele's Bayous, and

29 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. I

