
Colonel Lightburn, of the Fourth WEST Virginia, to clear a channel through Muddy Bayou sufficient to admit the passage of flat-boats.

On the morning of the 22nd, I embarked on transports, and move up Steele's Bayou, leaving Colonel Parry, with his regiment, and Colonel Lightburn, with one company of the Fourth, to complete the road and channel; debarking on Hill's plantation, at the mouth of Deer Creek, on the morning of the 23rd . On the same day, by order of General Stuart, I sent the Fourth WEST Virginia, under Lieutenant-Colonel Dayton, up the left-hand fork of Deer Creek, to meet the gunboats and infantry, which were then returning; and also ordered the Thirtieth Ohio up the WEST side of Little Deer on picket and patrol.

On the 24th, Colonels Parry and Lightburn, with their commands, were ordered to join the brigade, which they did the same evening.

On the evening of the 24th, Colonel Siber, of the Thirty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with his regiment, proceeded up the left fork of Deer Creek to reconnoiter, and, if possible, discover the force of the enemy reported approaching in that direction.

At noon on the 26th, I embarked on the gun and mortar boats; at 7 p. m. on the 27th, reached the mouth of Yazoo; at 11 p. m., changed to transports; and at 12 m., disembarked at my camp at Young's Point.

Colonels Lightburn and Parry labored earnestly and successfully at the work assigned them.

I will forward regimental reports to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH EWING,

Brigadier-General.

Captain C. McDONALD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Theodore Jones, Thirtieth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTIETH Ohio VOLUNTEER INFANTRY.

Young's Point, La., March 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of the Thirtieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry since March 16, 1863:

An order to move at 6 a. m. was received at 3 o'clock, and at the time specified for moving the regiment was formed upon its color line, and shortly after followed the Forty-seventh Ohio up the river, along the levee, to the upper landing, where it embarked upon transports.

About 9 a. m. on the 17th, the regiment disembarked on the Mississippi side, at Eagle Bend, and encamped along the levee.

On the 19th, two commissioned officers and 150 men were detailed to work upon a road under construction from the Mississippi River to Steele's Bayou.

On the 20th, two commissioned officers and 125 men were detailed for the same purpose. At 6 a. m. on the 21st, the regiment left its camp at Eagle Bend and marched down the river to the new road, and thence along it to the junction of Steele's and Muddy Bayous.

At 9 a. m. four companies embarked upon the Eagle, and at 12 m. the remainder embarked upon the Silver Wave. Those upon the Eagle dis-

