
embarked at 3 p. m. on Hill's lower plantation, known as Reality, and after marching a short mile quartered in the villa. Those upon the Silver Wave disembarked at the same place at 9 a. m. on the 22nd, and at 10 o'clock joined the detachment at Reality.

At 12 m. the regiment moved down New Deer Creek, leaving a picket post of three companies (C, A, and K), at a cotton-gin 1 mile from Reality. One mile farther on we found another villa, known as Good Intent. Here another picket post of three companies (I, E, and F) was established. Two miles farther down we entered another villa, known as Kelsaw.

At 7 p. m. a party of 9 men, under command of Captain Groce, and mounted on the horses and mules that had been collected for the purpose at the three villas, again started down the creek.

At 12 p. m. they returned with the report that they had visited another plantation and villa, 2 miles distant, known as Omega, without discovering anything of interest.

On the 23rd, the regiment was ordered to return to camp at Reality, excepting the first-established post at the cotton-gin, where it arrived at 3 p. m.

At 10 a. m. on the 25th, this detachment joined the regiment, and at 12 m. all went on board the gunboats Cincinnati and Mound City, the right wing upon the former and the left wing upon the latter.

At 7 p. m. on the 27th, the boats tied up near the mouth of the Yazoo; at 11 p. m. both wings were transferred to the transport Sunny South, and at 12 p. m. disembarked at our camp, at Young's Point, La.

Very respectfully,

THEODORE JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Thirtieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain G. LOFLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13.

Report of Colonel Edward Siber, Thirty-seventh Ohio Infantry.

CAMP OF THE 37TH REGIMENT Ohio VOL. INFANTRY,

Young's Point, La., March 29, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders just received, I hereby report the part taken by the Thirty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the expedition to Deer Creek:

The regiment moved with the brigade on the morning of March 17 from camp to the upper landing; was there embarked with the Thirtieth Ohio on board of the steamer Fanny Ogden, and disembarked on the morning of the 18th at Gwin's plantation, on the left bank of the Mississippi.

At this point the regiment bivouacked during the days of the 18th, 19th, 20th, and 21st, and marched on the morning of the 22nd to the confluence of Muddy Creek and Steele's Bayou, at which point it was again embarked on board the steamer Silver Wave, on which the regiment proceeded up this bayou as far as Deer Creek, where it was disembarked on the evening of the 23rd, and bivouacked at this place during the next night, being all this time occupied with fatigue and guard duty.

On the evening of the 24th, I received orders to proceed with a dis-

