
posable force of the regiment up Deer Creek, for the purpose of reconnoitering the force of the enemy reporter to approach from Yazoo River. Companies D, F, and E were taken up by guard and picket duty in and around camp. Company H, under command of Captain Schultz, was sent the same evening on the right bank of Deer Creek, to protect Fore's plantation, the cotton-gin houses of which had been set fire to.

The remaining six companies of the Thirty-seventh Regiment were deployed by me in the night from the 24th to the 25th in the following order: Company B, as reserve, about 2 miles from camp; Company G, in advance to the exterior skirt of the woods, about 4 miles from camp, observing the next plantation; Company I, on the right flank in the woods, and Companies A, C, and K, hidden in the woods in rear of Company G.

The next morning a detachment of mounted rebels, variously estimated from 40 to 75 men, approached the skirt of the woods occupied by Company G, and commenced skirmishing with the pickets of said company, soon withdrawing, however, and turning, for the greater part, to the woods on our right, where soon afterward they met the pickets of Company I. As they would not come nearer, I re-enforced the right flank, Company I, by Company C, under Major Hipp, ordering him to allow the enemy to come in the open field, where, in the mean while, I had hidden Companies A, K, and G, drawn up in line.

In this position I remained waiting during the whole forenoon and part of the afternoon of the 25th. As nothing more of the enemy was to be seen, I reported the facts to the general commanding brigade, and returned to camp by 5 o'clock in the afternoon. Company H, under command of Captain Schultz (30 men strong), which had been on detached service at Fore's plantation, returned somewhat later to camp, having waded through the inundations on the left, threatened, as they say, in front, and believing themselves turned by superior forces of the enemy. On the morning of the 26th, the Thirty-seventh Regiment was embarked on board the gunboat Carondelet and first mortar Grope, and returned to camp in the night of the 27th at 12 o'clock.

The regiment had no losses in this expedition.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SIBER,

Colonel Thirty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain G. LOFLAND,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigade, 2nd DIVISION, 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 14.

Report of Colonel Augustus C. Parry, Forty-seventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT Ohio VOL. INFANTRY,Camp in front of Vicksburg, MISS., March 29, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the late expedition through Muddy, Steele's, and Black Bayous:

At 2. 30 o'clock on the morning of March 17, I received orders to have the Forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in readiness to march at 7 a. m. the same day, with one day's cooked rations in haver-

