
Early on the morning of the 27th, the boat started on its way. On reaching Muddy Bayou, I sent to General Stuart to know if we should disembark from that point. I received orders to the contrary, but to continue down Steele's Bayou, which we did. On reaching Yazoo River, we continued down this stream until reaching the Mississippi River; thence to Young's Point, arriving here at 5 p. m. same day.

I would beg leave to mention the names of Captain George M. Ziegler, of Company C; Lieutenants Samuel F. Campbell, of Company G, and William H. Kimball, of Company I, for the faithful and untiring energy with which they worked on the artillery bridges and road, being most of the time up to their waists in mud and water assisting the men, who also deserve the highest praise.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. PARRY,

Colonel, Comdg. Forty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain G. LOFLAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15.

Report of Colonel Joseph A. J. Lightburn, Fourth WEST Virginia Infantry.
HDQRS FOURTH WEST VIRGINIA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Camp opposite Vicksburg, MISS., March 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit a report of the part performed by my regiment in the late expedition to Rolling Fork, pursuant to orders from brigade headquarters.

On the morning of the 17th instant, I marched to Young's Point, embarked on the transport Silver Moon, and proceeded to Eagle Bend. Disembarked on the morning of the 19th, and bivouacked on Senator Gwin's plantation.

On the 20th, received orders to clean out Muddy Bayou.

On the 22nd, was ordered to send forward nine companies of my regiment, under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Dayton, which I did, keeping one company to prosecute the work assigned, near Muddy Bayou. Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Dayton proceeded, with his command, to the head of Black Bayou; disembarked at Hill's plantation.

On the 23rd, proceeded up the left-hand fork of Deer Creek, meeting the infantry and gunboats some 5 miles above Hill's plantation.

On the 24th, in connection with Colonel Parry, of the Forty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, was ordered forward with the remainder of my command, and rejoined the expedition at Hill's plantation on the morning of the 25th.

On the 26th, at 12 m., embarked on the gunboats Louisville and Pittsburgh, and arrived at Young's Point on the evening of the 27th.

No casualties to report, excepting my assistant surgeon, who was severely injured by a limb falling on his head, wounding him severely and injuring him otherwise.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Colonel Comdg. Fourth Regiment WEST Virginia Volunteer Infantry.

Captain G. LOFLANDD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

