
MARCH 15-16, 1863. - Skirmishes near Hernando, MISS.

Report of Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army.

PANOLA, March 18, 1863.

A part of my command, under Major [G. L.] Blythe, skirmished with the enemy near Hernando on Sunday; killed 1 man. Again on Monday. Enemy's loss reported 8 killed, - wounded. Our loss, 1 killed.

Another skirmish on Coldwater, 8 miles north of Holly Springs. Captain Mathews', Maxwell's Johnson's, and Mitchell's companies engaged the enemy.

Our loss, 1 killed, 1 wounded, and several prisoners. Enemy's loss reported to be 10 killed and wounded.

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL PEMBERTON.

MARCH 16-18, 1863. - Expedition from Jackson to Trenton, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel H. Brush, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS

Jackson, Tenn., March 18, 1863.

SIR: I hereby report that, in pursuance of orders received from headquarters of District of Jackson, on the evening of 15th instant, I started at 6 o'clock the next morning with what men I could mount, and proceeded on the route indicated. In approaching Humboldt on the WEST side of the railroad, when within 3 or 4 miles, we came near to the middle fork of the Forked Deer River, and ascertained that it was impossible to cross that stream to the WEST, owing to the destruction of bridges and the highness of the water, and learning from a man direct from Humboldt that no armed rebels were there, I so far departed from the strict letter of the orders as to cross the railroad and proceed to Humboldt on the east side. We had to make a considerable circuit through a very swampy bottom to a ford, where we crossed. On arriving at Humboldt, I had the town surrounded, but found nobody there except citizens and a company of Sixty-SECOND Illinois Regiment. I learned there that the previous afternoon 10 or 12 men, armed, supposed to be rebel soldiers, passe through the town, making no stop and doing no damage to property or persons. It was reported that they had come across two artillerymen in that vicinity, whom they took prisoners and paroled.

From Humboldt I proceeded to Trenton, going up on WEST side of the railroad. When we reached to place, I caused it to be surrounded, and caused a search to be made, but no rebels were discovered, and I could not learn that any had been there since the Union troops left; everything seemed peaceable and quiet. I was told that a Colonel McMurray, formerly in the rebel service, had been discharged and returned to his home, some 8 miles WEST of Trenton, two or three weeks since, to stay; also that a young man named Bell had left the enemy and gone to his home in the neighborhood. I left Trenton about 6 p. m., taking the road toward Jackson, east side of railroad, and camped for the night 5 miles south of the town. Next day at sunrise we started,

