
and finding the bridges across the middle fork of the Forked Deer had been destroyed, made a detour to the east about 15 miles, to the Spring Creek road. The crossing of the creek there was quite difficult, the bridge being nearly destroyed and the ford deep and muddy. However, we got horses and men across safely. It was reported to me by a man of the vicinity that on last Saturday night a squad of mounted rebels passed the road going WEST, and passed again going east on Sunday night. The man who told me had not seen them, but said it was the neighborhood report; that some horses had been stolen in the neighborhood, and it was supposed that was the business the men were on. From Spring Creek we took the road to this place, where we arrived about dark.
During the trip two Government mules were found in a man's stable and brought in, to be turned over to the The man stated he had taken the mules up on road a short time since, intending to keep them for the Government until he could deliver them. We procured feed for our horses of three different men on the trip, to whom statements were given showing the facts.

Respectfully submitted.

D. H. BRUSH

Lieutenant-colonel, Commanding.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 19, 1863. -Passage of the Grand batteries by the Hartford and Monongahela.

Report of Brigadier General John S. Bowen, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,Grand Gulf, March 19, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the gunboats Hartford and Monongahela passed by this morning on their way up the river. Colonel [Wm.] Wade, commanding the Parrott battery, reserved his fire, as directed, until the vessels were nearly opposite his guns. The Hartford kept between the shore and the gunboat. As soon as he opened, the latter made the best possible time around the point, and all the fire was directed against the sloop of war. The firing was every accurate, and almost every shot struck the mark, but with what effect could not be perceived. * They answered with heavy guns, but harmed nothing except a battery flag-staff.

I have been anxiously looking for the Anna Perette all day, and still hope she will be here before night. The guns can be mounted in very short order, when once here, and I trust to be able to give them a better reception on their way down.

I allowed the Grand Era to go on down to Red River this afternoon, there being no danger below. The Fulton also exhibited orders to proceeded to the same destination, but I retained her to go to Hard Times, 3 or 4 miles on the other side of the river, to get a thousand or so sacks

* Rear-Admiral D. G. Farragut, U. S. Navy, reports his casualties as 2 men killed and 6 wounded. See Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

