
of corn, which await transportation there. Every precaution has been taken to prevent surprise, and the boat will return this afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO S. BOWEN

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. J. REEVE, Assistant Adjutant General.

MARCH 21, 1863- Guerrilla attack on railway train between Bolivar and Grand Junction, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Number 1. -Brigadier General Mason Brayman, U. S. Army, commanding at Bolivar.

Number 2. -Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army, commanding FIFTH Military District.

Number 1.

Report of Brigadier General Mason Brayman, U. S. Army, commanding at Bolivar.

BOLIVAR, TENN., March 22, 1863.

SIR: The transaction this side of Grand Junction appear substantially as follows:

Information appears to have been sent down the road on Friday that on yesterday morning the road paymaster would be down to pay the laborers. This information, diffused, of course, through the country, probably induced the effort to capture the pay train. On yesterday morning the wood train went down in advance, the pay train following. At 8. 30, the pay train came up with the wood train. A rail had been removed on the outside of a sharp curve, 3 1/2 miles this side of Grand Junction, in a cut. The engine, tender, and five cars had run off the rails. The train men had been captured and carried off. The enemy lined the banks, and approached through the thick woods. The engineer of the pay train reversed his engine. As it paused before receding, the guerrillas, who surrounded the car, cheered triumphantly, supposing the capture accomplished. The gallant fellow stood to his work, put on all steam, and shot backward. Discovering his purpose, they poured a hot fire upon the train, striking the engine, tender, and car, several balls striking near him [the engineer]. Sheltered by the side of the engine, he retained control of it, and brought his train to Bolivar in safety. Two persons-Mr. [Carlos] Dutton, quartermaster, and Mr. Cummings, from the machine-shop at Jackson-fearing a collision with the wood train ahead, jumped off and were captured. Through the negligence of the station agent, and those having charge of the escaped train, I was not advised of the accident until noon, some two hours after the return of the train, when the quartermaster, Lieutenant [William W.] McFarland notified me.

At 1, Colonel Engelmann, of the Forty-THIRD Illinois, with 200 men, proceeded by train to the scene of disaster. Some two cars had been burned, a fire built in the tender, without serious injury, the wires cut, and the track somewhat damaged. the damaged cars were thrown from the track; the engine and other cars replaced. When the Jackson train came down, I placed upon it two companies of the One hundred and sixth Illinois, under Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, to secure the

