
safety of that train, and, if necessary, aid the detachment which preceded it. Immediately on receiving intelligence, I sent detachments of the First WEST Tennessee Cavalry, who scoured the country along the railroad beyond Middleburg, toward Somerville, and as far as Whiteville where they captured G. W. Cashea, of Captain Colter's company, Forrest's cavalry, who says the attacking force consisted of three companies of Forrest's and a portion of Street's band, about 100 strong. I am informed that on the occurrence of the accident, information was sent to Grand Junction, and the forces at that point placed in line of battle standing in defensive attitude until 4 o'clock in the afternoon, about which time an imposing force moved out to where the trouble occurred, finding there the force from Bolivar, and the damages in course of repair. The scene of accident, and in this direction (including Hickory Valley Station) being outside my command, I am not advised what forces were on guard, or whether any further casualties occurred than I have mentioned.

The expedition from Bolivar returned safely, having performed gallantly and well the duty assigned them. The attacking force appears to be the same that has for some time infested the neighborhood south of here, and were probably attracted to the point by the expectation of capturing a train bearing public funds and feebly defended. I think they fled north to join Richardson, not even waiting to do serious mischief after the paymaster escaped them.

I think proper to advise you that, upon reliable information, I conclude that Richardson is now stronger than last week, when annihilated by the newspapers.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

M. . BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Acting Adjutant-General.

Number 2.

Report of Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army, commanding FIFTH Military District.

PANOLA, March 28, 1863.

Captains S. G. Street and Wilson, with 80 men, made a gallant dash behind the enemy at Grand Junction; threw a construction train off

the track within 5 miles of the Junction, and burned it; captured 16 white prisoners and 16 free Americans of African descent.

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

MARCH 21-22, 1863. -Scout from LA Grange, Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

LA GRANGE, TENN., March 22, 1863.

COLONEL: In pursuance of your orders of the 21st instant, I proceeded with the effective force of the regiment and four guns of the battery to Grand Junction, Tenn. There I was informed by the officer in

