
command of the post that the depredations which had been committed on the railroad a few miles from that point were supposed to have been done by [S. G.] Street and a certain Captain white, of guerrilla notoriety, and their command consisted of about 34 men. Thinking we could manage the aforesaid force without the battery, I ordered it back to LA Grange, to report to you. We then proceeded on the State Line road in the direction of Saulsbury. After marching about 2 miles, I divided my command, Captain Sloan taking command of Companies C, D, E, F, G, and H, and proceeded on the State Line road in the direction of Saulsbury, with instructions to scour the country on his rote generally, and to make connection with me or the rest of the command at Saulsbury.

I then proceeded to the railroad, and found the wreck that Street had made of the train. My object in going to this point was that I might possibly get the direction which the guerrillas had taken; but, after observation, we found, after the rebels had left the railroad, they divided in parties of some four or five, and had gone in all directions. I then took up the march in the direction of Saulsbury, but after leaving the railroad about one-half mile, I sent Captain Pierce, in command of Companies A and B, to the left, whilst I, with the remainder of the command, went to the right. We scoured the country throughout, and met at Saulsbury without any correct report or definite idea as to where Street was or had gone. We remained in Saulsbury some two hours, waiting for Captain Sloan to make connection, during which time we fed our horses, and sought information concerning Street, but gained but little. Finally Captain Sloan arrived. He had been somewhat more successful than I had been; he had heard of Street, but he was some six hours ahead, and making his route in three parties through the woods and fields. One of said parties consisted of 9 Union prisoners; another consisted of a gang of negroes to the number of 20 or 30; whilst the THIRD was mounted, and seemed to be a kind of an advance guard or generally lookers-out.

The enemy having so much the start of us, I considered it useless to make further pursuit, and as there was no forage in the immediate neighborhood, I returned to camp, where we arrived about 1 a. m.

Hoping this may prove satisfactory, I remain your most obedient servant,

R. LOOMIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel B. H. GRIERSON,

Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

MARCH 24, 1863. -Skirmish on Davis' Mill road, near LA Grange, Tenn.,

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Reuben Loomis, Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

LA GRANGE, TENN., March 24, 1863.

COLONEL: This evening I was informed that the SECOND Iowa pickets, standing on the road running southeast from this place, had been attacked by a party of guerrillas, and two of them were captured. I instantly took about 50 men and went in pursuit of them. We traveled about 15 miles double-quick, came upon them, killed 3, recaptured our men, and took 3 prisoners. We stopped at a house where there were

