
Numbers 4.

Reports of Major General Carter L. Stevenson, C. S. Army, commanding at Vicksburg.
HDQRS. SECOND DISTRICT, DEPT. OF MISS., AND E. La.,Vicksburg, March 25, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, about 5. 30 o'clock this morning, two boats attempted to pass our batteries. One of them was sunk about 2 miles below the town, with almost all on board; the other was seriously disabled. When she had floated out of range of our batteries, the gunboat Albatross (heretofore called, it is thought by mistake, the Monongahela), took her in tow. She is now helpless, and it will apparently take some time for them to repair her damages. During the engagement the Hartford moved up from below Warrenton, engaging the fort there.

She approached so near that our musketry drove the gunners from the guns, when she withdrew. The officer whom I sent to Mobile and Montgomery has succeeded in obtaining a good deal of powder and projectiles for my heavy guns. It cannot pass either Meridian or Jackson without your orders; please give such that will secure its speedy arrival. I send you on the train to-day two Federal deserters and a negro taken in the act of carrying dispatches for the enemy. One of the deserters is an intelligent man, and some information can perhaps be derived from him. I inclose herewith a list of the ordnance and ordnance stores sent General Loring. *

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant General.

Vicksburg, March 25, 1863.

The boat which passed this morning was towed ashore just above Brown &amp; Johnston's landing, where she now lies apparently a wreck. The Hartford, in passing up to her assistance, engaged our iron casemates at Warrenton for some twenty minutes, during which she was roughly handled, being struck some twenty-six times. We had mounted four Parrott guns in the casemate since she went down. General [S. D.] Lee is advancing slowly. Nothing from Featherston. A regiment, the 32-pounder ammunition, and one-cotton boat went to General Loring to-day.

C. L. STEVENSON

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

Numbers 5.

Report of Brigadier General Seth M. Barton, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS, SOUTH, March 25, 1863-6 p. m.

MAJOR: All remains quiet. The enemy is still hard at work at his repairs; mine are finished. I was mistaken in saying in my 8 o'clock

* Omitted.

