
dispatch that the parapet had been pierced; its top was merely raked. To-night all will be completely covered where the slightest danger exists, and be ready for the fleet. The Hartford must have suffered greatly; every shot struck her (twenty-six in all); some went entirely through. She was driven from every position she took. A part of the iron that was cut off slipped down and covered one embrasure, depriving us of the use of one gun from the beginning. Some steel puncheaded shot did all the damage.

Very respectfully,

S. M. BARTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH - APRIL 1, 1863. - Expedition to Booneville, MISS.

Report of Colonel Patrick E. Burke, Sixty-sixth Illinois Infantry.

CAMP DAVIES, MISS., April 1, 1863.

The expedition to Booneville has returned, bringing 6 prisoners, among whom is the notorious Sam. White, guerrilla, robber, and cotton-burner. They also captured a few horses. Billingsley is all right, and all said was found to be correct. I regret to have to state that the failure of the expedition is by the officers attributed to the timidity or gross carelessness of Lieutenant-Colonel [Charles W.] Smith, commanding the expedition. The enemy were completely surrounded, except where the infantry were expected to cover, when they were unfortunately halted within half a mile of the enemy and ordered to make coffee and take breakfast. I hope the official reports, when they come in, will brighten the gloomy aspect of the case. Will send full particulars to-morrow.

P. E. BURKE

Colonel, Commanding.

General GREENVILLE M. DODGE.

MARCH 28- APRIL 3, 1863. - Expeditions from LA Grange to Moscow and Macon, and action near Belmont, Tenn.

REPORTS.

o. 1. - Colonel Benjamin H. Grierson, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

o. 2. - Lieutenant Colonel Reuben Loomis, Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Colonel Benjamin H. Grierson, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, commanding First Cavalry Brigade, SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

LA GRANGE, TENN., April 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to verbal instructions received from Brigadier General W. Sooy Smith, on the 28th of

31 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. I

