
almost the same time, having succeeded in capturing a number of prisoners, among whom were the quartermaster of Richardson's regiment and his private secretary, with a number of papers.

While in Moscow a portion of the mail captured on the train was retaken, and the man upon whom it was found resisting when attempt

was made to capture him, was killed. He was a member of Porter's guerrilla band.

Having encamped for the night about 3 miles southeast of Macon, we returned to this place, via Moscow, on April 3, arriving about noon.

The expeditions under Lieutenant-Colonel Loomis and myself succeeded in killing about 20, wounding from 40 to 50, many of them mortally, and capturing about 50. Our loss was 15 killed, 37 wounded, and 2 captured.

When it is remembered that the engagement on the night of March 29 did not last over ten minutes, the desperation of the conflict can be imagined.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain H. ATKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Reuben Loomis, Sixth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,LA Grange, Tenn., April 1, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to your order of March 28, received at 11

a. m., I started at 12 m. with 250 men, with one day's rations, in pursuit of the guerrillas that had temporarily captured that morning a train on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, between LA Fayette and Moscow.

Understanding that the Seventh Illinois Cavalry was to proceed direct to the place of capture and follow the trail from there, I proceeded at once to Somerville, there killing 1 and capturing some 15 suspicious characters and soldiers, and proceeded toward Memphis about 5 miles, and encamped for the night.

On the morning of the 29th, I detailed Companies B and E, under command of Captain Lynch, to return to camp with the prisoners. A few soldiers from the different companies, who were too much exhausted to pursue the chase farther, accompanied them, amounting in all to 50 men. I here learned that the prisoners captured from the train had passed through Oakland, 7 miles distant, just a night the previous day, and proceeded immediately in pursuit, passing through Oakland and continuing our course to Hickory Wythe; thence north to Murray's Bridge, on the Loosahatchee, where we found some 15 of Colonel Richardson's command endeavoring to destroy the bridge; but as we had been in close pursuit for miles, and had ridden very fast, they had not time to do it any damage. Charging upon them at once, after a race of some 5 miles, we captured 7. We then proceeded about 2 miles farther in the direction of Colonel Richardson's camp, when we came upon Captain Burrow, in command of a large part of Colonel Richardson's force, drawn up in line of battle, awaiting our approach,

