
MARCH 29, 1863. - Affair at Moscow, Tenn.

Report of Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army.

MEMPHIS, March 30, 1863.

SIR: Yesterday a disgraceful incident occurred. The passenger train was seized about 2 miles this side of Moscow by 12 guerrillas, although it had on board 25 soldiers, armed, and 3 or 5 officers, who yet made no attempt to defend themselves and the public property. The engineer when he discovered the guerrillas started his engine with such suddenness as to break the coupling, ran up to Moscow, took down 100 soldiers, and saved the train.

The passengers were robbed, and the officers and soldiers carried off north. If they are returned under parole, I do not intend to receive them.

Pursuant to directions received in January from General Grant, I am now preparing a list of ten families of secessionists to be sent outside the lines, selecting the most wealthy and prominent in position.

A scout whom I sent out a few days since to Panola has just come in. Brigadier-General Chalmers commands the two tiers of northern counties in Mississippi. He has at Panola a battery of six guns; another at or below the Tallahatchee railroad bridge (Memphis and Charleston Railroad); no infantry. He is gathering in and organizing the irregulars.

Falkner's cavalry has come up there form Oxford, about 500 strong. He may be able to concentrate 1,200 or 1,500 men. Every person is being conscripted. They have ammunition, but few arms, except pistols.

It is unquestionably their intention to make a dash on some point of the railroad near Moscow or LA Fayette as soon as organized-say, in a week or more. Their movements, however, depend on the success or failure of the Yazoo Pass expedition, of which I regret that I receive no information.

I do not know if it will be possible to throw a force into his rear and cut off his battery from Helena. It is too long a move from here. They would be off before I had gone 15 miles.

From Corinth I am informed that Brigadier-General [S. a. m.] Wood, with about 4,000 men and two batteries, is at Tuscumbia; advance pickets on Bear Creek. I think it a corps of observation only.

The enemy appeared yesterday at Savannah, seized all carpenters and carpenter's tools, and threw a few shell across the river at our cavalry scouts.

Rumors are that they propose to cross. I think this doubtful, but they are closely watched.

General Dodge deserves great credit for his vigilance and activity.

I shall send a regiment of cavalry to stay with Richardson's men, who are banding again. I have their muster-rolls.

The city is quiet.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

