
tingdon, to intercept, if possible, McClanahan and his men on their return. I will also in the morning send one company in the vicinity of Decaturville and Mathenes's Ferry, to attend to the small parties roving around in the neighborhood.

I succeeded in arresting three of the men of the SECOND WEST Tennessee Cavalry, as per order by the man Elliott. I put them in charge of Captain Hays, with the assurance from him that he would be responsible for their appearance at Jackson.

I am under the impression that the rations for this detachment are far below the allowances, for, after the greatest economy, they fail to hold out for the time intended.

The Union meeting to-day was a success, and very numerously attended. In connection with this report, I would say that a private of Company F, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, who was wounded at the fight at this place some four month ago, has been left here since, and has suffered severely for the want of proper medical treatment. I think he ought to be removed to Jackson. His name is Thomas Dungan.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

THOMAS SAYLOR

Major, Commanding.

Captain T. B. WEIR, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2.

Report of Captain Frederick C. Adamson, THIRD Michigan Cavalry.

LEXINGTON, TENN., April 2, 1863.

SIR: Pursuant to your instructions, I left Lexington on the morning of the 31st ultimo, with Companies C and B, commanded, respectively, by Lieutenants Wirts and Bingham, to scout the country in the vicinity of the mouth of Duck River, and ascertain the truth of the report as to the crossing of any force of the enemy in that vicinity. Passing through Buck Snort, I reached a point on the Camden road some 8 miles from the river, where I learned with certainty that no force had crossed in that vicinity; but ascertaining that McClanahan had crossed near Rock Quarry with some 30 men, I proceeded in that direction, passing through Howesville, and thence east to the house of a noted secessionist named Conrad. I arrested him and his three brothers on the evidence of Dr. Ganess, who states that they have been aiding and abetting the parties of guerrillas in the vicinity.

In the morning I proceeded toward the river, upon reaching which I sent parties in different directions. One squad of 4, under Corporal [Samuel P.] Harvey, of Company C, met 7 of McClanahan's men, well armed with pistols and carbines (dismounted), going to the river with the intention of crossing. the corporal succeeded in capturing the entire party. We also discovered three large flat-boats, which we destroyed completely, as also a small skiff, and on searching some houses in the vicinity found three shot-guns, two rifles, some belts, several boxes of caps, &c., which had been secreted by the guerrillas. The men captured had been in the direction of Clarksburg, with McClanahan and some 20 more. The rest had gone to Trenton, with the intention of conscripting and seizing horses, &c., as McClanahan had received authority to raise a regiment from General Forrest. All those captured had left their horses some 5 miles east of the Tennessee, at the houses of citizens.

