
I learned from reliable sources that there were parts of two regiments of cavalry (some 600 of Van Dorn's command) at Linden, and scattered in small parties near the river, consequently I did not think it best to run the risk of crossing over to secure the horses. Returning to Conrad's, I found that Lieutenant [Melvin] Stillson, whom I had left there with 10 men to scout that vicinity, had met a couple of guerrillas, and after a long chase captured one, with complete equipments, and the horse of the other. I then move my command toward Lexington, on the Broady's Ferry road, scouting the country thoroughly for some miles on both sides of the road, arresting one man named George Moore, armed with rifle and pistol, and mounted. I also arrested his brother, James Moore. Both of the men bear bad characters, and are strongly suspected of being connected with the guerrillas. I staid for the night at the house of Los. Moore, and reached Lexington next day at noon, according to instructions. The result of the scout is the ascertaining with certainty that there is no force within 25 miles of the vicinity scouted, excepting some 30 of McClanahan's men, and a squad of 15 who had been robbing in the vicinity of Decaturville; the capture of 9 guerrillas and 5 citizens, 2 horses and saddles, 4 carbines, 4 revolvers, 2 single-barreled pistols, 5 shot-guns, and 4 rifles. I append a list of the prisoner's names. *

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. C. ADAMSON,

Captain THIRD Michigan Cavalry.

Major Thomas SAYLOR, THIRD Michigan Cavalry.

MARCH 31-APRIL 17, 1863. - Operations from Milliken's Bend to New Carthage, La.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

March 31, 1863. - Skirmish at Richmond, La.

April 4, 1863. - Skirmish at Richmond, La.

5, 1863. - Skirmish near New Carthage, La.

6, 1863. - Skirmish at James' plantation, near New Carthage, La.

7, 1863. - Skirmish near Dunbar's plantation, Bayou Vidal, La.

8, 1863. - Skirmish at James' plantation, near New Carthage, La.

15, 1863. - Skirmish near Dunbar's plantation, Bayou Vidal, La.

REPORTS. #

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General P. Joseph Osterhaus, U. S. Army, commanding NINTH DIVISION, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel Walter B. Scates, assistant adjutant-general Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 3. - Brigadier General S. Bowen, C. S. Army, commanding at Grand Gulf.

Numbers 1.

Reports of Brigadier General P. Joseph Osterhaus, U. S. Army, commanding NINTH DIVISION, Thirteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. ADVANCE OF THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Smith's plantation, April 6, 1863-10 a. m.

GENERAL: I just returned from the marine expedition to New Carthage. I left this morning after sunrise with 54 men and one mountain

*Omitted

#See also McClernand's general report, p. 139.

