
Osterhaus did not, however, move the enemy from the position occupied by him on our left until Logan's DIVISION, of McPherson's corps, arrived. McClernand, who was with the right in person, sent repeated messages to me before the arrival of Logan to send Logan's and Quinby's DIVISIONS, of McPherson's corps, to him.

I had been on that as well as all other parts of the field, and could not see how they could be used there to advantage. However, as soon as the advance of McPherson's corps (Logan's DIVISION) arrived, I sent one brigade to McClernand on the right, and sent one brigade, Brigadier General J. E. Smith commanding, to the left, to the assistance of Osterhaus.

By the judicious disposition made of this brigade, under the immediate supervision of McPherson and Logan, a position was soon obtained, giving us an advantage which soon drove the enemy from

that part of the field, to make no further stand south of Bayou Pierre.

The enemy was here repulsed with a heavy loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners. The repulsed of the enemy on our left took place late in the afternoon. He was pursued toward Port Gibson, but night closing in, and the enemy making the appearance of another stand, the troops slept upon their arms until daylight.

In the morning it was found that the enemy had retreated across Bayou Pierre on the Grand Gulf road, and a brigade of Logan's DIVISION was completed, 8 miles marched by McPherson's corps to the North Fork of Bayou Pierre, that stream bridged, and the advance of this corps commenced passing over it at 5 o'clock thing.

On the 3rd, the enemy was pursued to Hankinson's Ferry, with slight skirmishing all day, during which we took quite a number of prisoners, mostly stragglers, from the enemy.

Finding that Grand Gulf had been evacuated, and that the advance of my forces was already 15 miles out from there, and on the road, too, they would have to take to reach either Vicksburg, Jackson, or any intermediate point on the railroad between the two places, I determined not to march them back; but taking a small escort of cavalry, some 15 or 20 men, I went to the Gulf myself, and made the necessary arrangements for changing my base of supplies from Bruinsburg to Grand Gulf.

In moving from Milliken's Bend, the Fifteenth Army Corps, Major General W. T. Sherman commanding, was left to be the last to start. To prevent heavy re-enforcements going from Vicksburg to the assistance of the Grand Gulf forces, I directed Sherman to make a demonstration on Haynes' Bluff, and to make all the show possible. From information since received from prisoners captured, this ruse succeeded admirably.

It had been my intention, up to the time of crossing the Mississippi River, to collect all my forces at Grant Gulf, and get on had a good supply of provisions and ordnance stores before moving, and in the mean time to detach an army corps to co-operate with General Banks on Port Hudson, and effect a junction of our forces.

About this time I received a letter from General Banks, giving his position WEST of the Mississippi River, and stating that he could return to Baton Rouge by May 10; that by the reduction of Port Hudson he could join me with 12,000 men.

I learned about the same time that troops were expected at Jackson from the Southern cities, with General Beauregard in command. To

4 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. I

