
follow me; therefore my line was concentrated between. Holmes' and Smith's, preparatory to its final transfer to the Mississippi. This concentration was completed April 12.

The importance of the possession of New Carthage was certainly not underrated by the enemy, and, on April 15, after being re-enforced by three more infantry regiments from Grand Gulf, he attempted a simultaneous attack on our front at James, and on our cavalry force at and near Dunbar's.

At 4 a. m. a regiment had waded Mill Bayou, a few miles WEST of Dunbar's, and attacked my outpost. These had to fall back on their reserves, who immediately advanced to their support. Further re-enforcements were sent to them at once, and they very successfully repulsed the rebels beyond the above-named bayou.

In this engagement 2 men of the SECOND Illinois Cavalry were wounded; 1 fatally, since dead. The enemy's loss I could not ascertain. We took 2 of them prisoners.

On the Mississippi, in front of James', large numbers of the enemy had gathered, but, on learning the bad success of the movement on their left flank, they withdrew, and since then we have been altogether unmolested by the rebel force.

The arrival of the gunboats on April 17 placed the position of New Carthage beyond dispute.

Independent of the operations narrated above, an expedition was sent out by General Garrard toward Delhi, for the purpose of intercepting rebel subsistence stores collected at that point; but the object of the expedition was frustrated by the fact that the enemy's force was largely increased. The report of the commanding officer is inclosed herewith, marked C. *

I believe that these operations may be looked upon as, on the whole, very successful. Outside of the military importance of the positions gained, the enemy must feel their loss severely. It cuts him off from all supplies from this region, the resources of which are great-corn, molasses, bacon, and beef abounding along these bayous-and many captured letters give ample evidence of the importance of these supplies to the enemy's garrison at Vicksburg. From the last information I can collect, I gather that over 1,000,000 pounds of beef-cattle have been sent to Vicksburg from this vicinity. All these advantages were gained by the loss of only one single life.

During these operations the DIVISION not only subsisted itself, but at the same time secured large amounts of cotton for the United States Government. About 1,000 bales have been sent by the quartermaster to Milliken's Bend, and double the number of bales can be forwarded as soon as the necessary transportation can be had.

In conclusion, I have only to remark that the troops under my command deserve the highest encomiums for their alacrity, zeal, and good discipline during these trying and fatiguing operations. The military qualities they exhibited kept even pace with their sense of good order. Not a single case of wanton destruction has occurred within the lines of the NINTH DIVISION.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General U. S. Volunteers, Comdg. NINTH DIVISION.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Thirteenth Army Corps.

* Not found.

