
APRIL 1-16 1863. - Expedition from Jackson, Tenn., to the Hatchie River and skirmishes.

REPORTS.

Number 1. - Colonel Michael K. Lawler, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade, District of Jackson.

Number 2. - Lieutenant Colonel Daniel H. Brush, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Colonel Michael K. Lawler, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade, District of Jackson.

JACKSON, TENN., April 17, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of an expedition to the Hatchie River:

On the morning of the 1st instant, I proceeded, with the eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, consisting of 15 officers, and 285 men, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel D. H. Brush, to Bolivar, Tenn. At the latter place I received an additional force of a detachment of 11 officers and 175 men of the First WEST Tennessee Cavalry, commanded by Colonel Fielding Hurst, making my entire command 26 commissioned officers and 460 enlisted men.

At noon of the 2nd instant, I moved down the Hatchie by three roads, deploying my command in such a manner as to embrace the country lying between a line drawn through Bolivar and Covington, Tipton County, and the Hatchie, and all of that portion of country lying WEST of Covington and Beaver Creek, to the Mississippi River, and returned in about the same order, but by different routes, arriving at Bolivar on the 10th instant. This move resulted in a few light skirmishes with the enemy, who were broken into small bands of not more than 30 men, non did I encounter the enemy at any time in greater force than above mentioned.

My command, after much chasing, captured Lieutenant-Colonel [J. U.] Green, Captain [J. H.] Hazlewood, 2 lieutenants, 2 surgeons, and 28 men, of Colonel Richardson's command, and 110 horses and mules.

I regret to announce that Captain C. H. Reed, commanding Company E, Eighteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, was killed by guerrillas in ambush. He was gallant and noble officer, and brave to excess. We also lost 1 enlisted man, prisoner.

Not being satisfied with the result of the first expedition, I asked of you and obtained permission to scour the country between the Loosahatchee and the line from Bolivar to Covington and east of Beaver Creek, but with less favorable results, capturing, from roving bands of guerrillas, 1 lieutenant and 8 privates, and 75 horses and mules.

I am informed by reliable citizens of Tipton and Haywood Counties that Richardson, the guerrilla chief, crossed the Mississippi River in a canoe, with a fortune, robbed of citizens of Haywood, Tipton, and the adjoining counties. Learning that a great number of his men, mostly conscripts, disgusted with his mode of warfare, desired to return to their homes, I issued a circular that all citizens and all members of Richardson's, [J. J.] Neely's, and Wood's bands, and other commands styling themselves partisan rangers, who would deliver up their arms, subscribe to the oath of allegiance to the United States of America, and return to

