
try. I then moved down Beaver to its junction with the Loosahatchee, which I recrossed early yesterday morning.

On Cypress I captured a few prisoners, and found that many more of Richardson's men were in that neighborhood than north of the Loosahatchee. I was anxious to spend a couple of days on Cypress, believing I could capture a considerable number of prisoners, but our subsistence was exhausted, and I had no permission to subsist on the country. I therefore returned to camp, where I arrived last night.

I met with no loss except that about 20 of our poorest horses died or had to be abandoned on the march. I captured enough animals belonging to Richardson's men to make up the deficiency.

I made every effort to communicate with Colonel Lawler, but could neither find nor hear of him.

About 2 miles southeast of Portersville, in Beaver Swamp, I found 500 bushels of corn in gunny-sacks, which had been captured by Richardson near Randolph. He had pressed teams in the vicinity of Portersville about a month since, and hauled the corn to this hiding-place for further use. I burned it.

On Thursday night, after we had crossed Loosahatchee, going northward the bridge below Quinn's Mills was burned, either by citizens or guerrillas. On my return, I found a report circulating among the people that the bridge had been burned by my men. The story will doubtless find its way to headquarters, but it is so palpably absurd that I trust it will not need contradiction. General Hurlbut's orders were strictly observed in every respect.

The conduct of officers and men was praiseworthy, and I am confident that there was no single instance of improper conduct on the part of any man in the expedition. I send herewith triplicate descriptive rolls of 9 prisoners, who will be turned over to you. A lieutenant named R. F. Graham was killed.

Your obedient servant,

T. P. HERRICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Kansas Cavalry.

Lieutenant W. M. EMERY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 2-14, 1863. -Expedition to Greenville, Black Bayou, and Deer Creek, MISS., with skirmishes, April 7,8, and 10.

REPORTS.

Number 1. -Brigadier General Frederick Steele, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Number 2. -Major General Carter L. Stevenson, C. S. Army, commanding SECOND Military District.

Number 3. -Brigadier General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army.

Number 4. -Colonel Samuel W. Ferguson, C. S. Army.

Number 1. Report of Brigadier General Frederick Steele, U. S. Army, commanding expeditionHDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Greenville, April 10, 1863.

GENERAL: My command has just returned to this place, having pursued the rebels, under Colonel Ferguson, about 43 miles down Deer

