
the current until there is an absolute necessity for it, for the chances are it would break. This is the opinion of all who have examined into it.

Grant and Sherman came down on the flag-boat yesterday. Their object was evidently to induce the belief that their troops were here.

I saw a letter from Grant to Major Watts, in which he referred to Adjutant-General Thomas being on the Mississippi.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

A. A. G., Dept. of Mississippi and Eastern Louisiana, Jackson.

ADDENDA.

JACKSON, April 9, 1863.

Captain I. N. BROWN,

Yazoo City:

Move down river-say, to mouth of Sunflower-with your cotton-clad boats, to operate as circumstances may require.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, April 9, 1863.

Major-General LORING,

Fort Pemberton, via Grenada and Yazoo City (both ways):

Send [J. C.] Moore's brigade immediately, 1,500 of which to Rolling Fork, and the remainder to Haynes' Bluff or Snyder's Mill, to receive instructions from Major-General Stevenson.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

Number 3. Reports of Brigadier General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army. WILLIS' PLACE, UPPER DEER CREEK, Eighteen miles above Rolling Fork, April 9, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this point last night. Colonel Ferguson halted here to give the Yankees battle, but yesterday evening he discovered that they were falling back rapidly, destroying everything eatable before them, and they are now, or were last night, at midnight, 20 miles above this point, at Taylor's place (40 miles above Rolling Fork). They did not leave a particle of anything for the planters to subsist on, but said they intended to destroy everything this side of Greenville. I have ordered Colonel Ferguson to follow them with his force, and I will be ready to assist him. It now becomes a serious matter how troops are to be subsisted above this point, and the colonel, after discovering further of the movements of the enemy, will be directed to return at least to this point, leaving an observing squad near Greenville.

I will now turn my attention to the Hushpuckanaw, from which I have not heard, and have ordered Captain [B. M.] Harrod, with Weldon, to

