
boats. I do this, as I feel some uneasiness about them, though I think they are safe, and merely loading both boats with corn and other supplies above the Hushpuckanaw. I do not think the route practicable at present, as the water is falling, and the delay incident to transferring the load from the Dew Drop to the Arcadia will account for the non-return of the boats. The people up the Sunflower seem to anticipate no advance in that direction.

I directed Mr. Weldon to prepare for constructing the raft on the Sunflower, and a man is now getting out the lumber. I propose putting a raft in Rolling Fork also, and Weldon is to send a man to do it. These rafts are to be ready to swing across the river in case of alarm. The work (intrenchment) at this point is progressing well. It is being constructed of cotton bales, with a thickness of 10 to 15 feet of earth in front, with a banquette raised 18 inches above the general surface.

I have sent an officer to Black Bayou to look at the obstructions completed there. I do not anticipate any advance from that direction, nor do I anticipate any trouble here until the water falls, when the enemy will advance from Skipwith's and other points. I will not send any of my force back till I hear more reliably from the Hushpuckanaw, about which I am tolerably easy. I am holding the Golden Age here, loading with supplies, and will have her to move up the Sunflower, if necessary. Occupying a point above the Bogue Phaliah would necessitate at least a regiment in small boats between the mouth of the Bogue and Falls' Landing to hold that stream, and I recommend the construction of the boats at once. I make these recommendations now in anticipation of high water in June, when the enemy may attempt the water courses in this direction.

A rumor comes pretty straight from the Mississippi that a captain of one of the gunboats, quite intimate with a Mr. Duncan (a planter), stated that one hundred transports would be down in a few days. It was not stated whether they would be empty or not. It is very difficult to get reliable information from the river, owing to the demoralization and fear for property.

Respectfully submitted.

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. J. REEVE,

A. A. G., 2nd Dist., Dept of MISS. and E. La., Vicksburg, MISS.

HEADQUARTERS ROLLING FORK, April 14, 1863-4 p. m.

MAJOR: Since my last communication to you. I have received additional information of the movements of transports down the Mississippi, and also intelligence of the removal of the troops from Lake Providence. As these movements tend to indicate an attack by the enemy upon Vicksburg or vicinity. I have ordered three of the regiments stationed here to embark for Haynes' Bluff, and will myself leave for the same point this evening. I have directed Colonel Ferguson to leave a cavalry force in the vicinity of Greenville, and to bring his infantry force to this point. I will leave here the FIFTY-sixth Georgia Regiment and a section of howitzers, as an addition to the force which he now has with him. I have advised him to make his headquarters in this vicinity for convenience of communication. The line of fortifications which

