
APRIL 4, 1863. -Skirmish on Nonconnah Creek, near Memphis, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Number 1. -Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Number 2. -Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army, commanding district.

Number 1. Report of Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps. MEMPHIS, TENN., April 4, 1863.

SIR: Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General, is here on a tour of inspection. I am gratified that so far as he has seen or expressed an opinion it is favorable.

There has been a small picket affair on the line of the Nonconnah to-day, not yet over. Our cavalry pickets (SECOND Wisconsin) were struck about daylight, 2 men wounded and 2 captured. Colonel Stephens (SECOND Wisconsin), with about 100 men, pursued, crossed the Nonconnah, and drove their pickets 6 miles, when, finding the enemy in force, about from 600 to 800 cavalry and dismounted men, and hearing of a battery, he fell back. I immediately ordered Lauman's First Brigade (four regiments and a battery) forward, and pushed two battalions of the FIFTH Ohio Volunteer Cavalry over the Nonconnah. I have not yet heard from them, nor do I think the enemy will wait for an attack. I think it was a ruse to draw a portion of our cavalry out and surround them. If they come in before the boat leaves, I will report further, but I think this is all. I scarcely believe that Chalmers would venture infantry and artillery so near us, and think it is only a dash of mounted men.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 2. Report of Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army, commanding District. SENATOBIA, April 5, 1863.

I hope the orders will not take Major [W. M.] Inge from me. He is now east of my line, but about ready to bring his command here.

We drove the enemy's pickets within 5 miles of Memphis. Killed 1, wounded several; captured 2, with horses and equipments complete. They came out afterward, but, finding us ready, did not advance.

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

[Indorsement.]

Tell General Ruggles that on arrival of cavalry regiment from General Buckner, Major Inge will join General Chalmers. Tell Chalmers same.

J. C. P. [PEMBERTON.]

