
light; thence moved southward toward the Lamar and Mount Pleasant road, and on arriving near the plantation and residence of Mr. James Pool, 2 miles from Early Grove, my advance saw some men about Pool's house. Three men were sent to see who they were, when the men started to run, but were, after some firing on both sides, captured. Two men were found in the house of Pool. The women of the house refused to let the sergeant in command of the advance enter the house, denying that any one was in there. The sergeant, though, had seen them through the window, and insisted on searching the house, when the women placed themselves before the door and resisted all entrance, until the sergeant threatened to burn the house unless they allowed the search, when they stepped aside and allowed him to go in, where he found 2 of Mitchell's men, armed-one of them with a Colt's carbine. The party proved to be 2 of Waull's Legion-one sergeant and one private-and 3 of Mitchell's men, all armed and equipped as cavalry.

Fed, got breakfast, and at 9 a. m. started for Mount Pleasant, where we arrived at 12 m. At 12. 30 p. m. started for Moscow; arrived at 3 p. m., seeing or learning nothing more of the enemy. Rested one hour at Moscow, and returned to camp, arriving about retreat last night. The captures were as follows, viz: Five horses, which were turned over to the regimental quartermaster; two Colt's revolvers, navy size; one Colt's carbine, and two shot-guns. The guns were destroyed by the men, and the balance turned over to the regimental adjutant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM W. EATON,

Captain Company L, SECOND Iowa Cav., Comdg. THIRD Battalion.

Lieutenant S. L. WOODWARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 9, 1863. -Skirmish near the Obion River, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army.

COLUMBUS, KY., April 15, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders communicated in my report under Number 1178 to search the house and neighborhood of one Henderson Wright, south of the Obion River, in order to capture the rebel Captain Scales, with his band, Captain Hutchens, commanding Company E, Fifteenth Illinois Cavalry, started on the morning of the 9th instant, and, crossing the Obion, after a ride of 43 miles, reached the plantation of Wright, occupied by the rebel Captain Scales as his headquarters in his organization of a battalion. A body of cavalry received our men with a volley of musketry, but Captain Hutchens ordered a charge, resulting in the death of 4 of the rebels, and capture of 26 men with 13 horses, and the complete dispersion of the band. Among the prisoners, a list of whom is herewith inclosed,* are Captain Scales, the commander of a rebel battalion, and Lieutenant Voorhees, with their appointments as officers of the rebel army in their pockets; also Henderson Wright, a most dangerous rebel.

From positive information, I would state that there are yet several bodies of conscripts, under Captains Parks, Carter, and others, ap

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

