
pointed by Pillow and Forrest, south of the Obion, and I only await the return of my informant with guides to make a combined cavalry movement on them, as the Fourth Missouri Cavalry has arrived and will be in a few days ready for duty. Reviewing the presence of rebel parties on the Obion, at Paris and Mussey, Tenn., and another at Dresden, Tenn., in connection with the avowed and published intention of Pillow to conscript in the counties of my district, I must regard as most opportune the decision of the General-in-Chief in permitting the Fourth Missouri Cavalry to remain in this district.

Adjutant-General Thomas, on his late visit to this post, also admitted the necessity of more cavalry here. I therefore respectfully solicit the exercise of your influence to prevent the projected removal of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry to the Department of the Cumberland; and as it is urgently required to send more cavalry to Fort Heiman, and form a connecting chain of cavalry posts between the Mississippi and Tennessee, also to control properly the railroad and telegraph, I would request that an additional regiment of cavalry be ordered for duty to my district.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[ASBOTH.]

Major General STEPHEN A. HULBUT.

APRIL 10-11, 1863. -Scout from LA Grange, Tenn., to Hudsonville, Lockhart's Mills, Mount Pleasant, and Early Grove, MISS.

Reports of Captain John M. Graham, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

QUARTERS COMPANY E, SEVENTH ILLINOIS VOL. CAV.,

LA Grange, Tenn., April 11, 1863.

SIR: In pursuance of orders from the colonel commanding the brigade, I marched from this place at 2 p. m. on the 10th instant, with 195 men, consisting of three companies of the First and the whole of the SECOND Battalion; pursued the Holly Springs road until we arrived at Hudsonville; thence WEST on the road to Lockhart's Mills, and encamped for the night 1 1/2 miles WEST of Hudsonville. Resumed the march at 7 a. m. of this day; crossed Coldwater at Lockhart's Mills; thence to Mount Pleasant, and returned to camp by the way of Early Grove, and arrived here at 5 p. m.

I have to report one prisoner taken near Mount Pleasant, a private of Company E, SECOND Arkansas Cavalry, James Hoy by name; he had been a prisoner in our hands a short time ago, and had taken the oath of allegiance and was released; and one Nathan Baldwin, a private in Mitchell's company, Chalmers' regiment, was taken 3 miles WEST of Early Grove. I could not hear of any force this side of the Tallahatchee.

Chalmers' regiment is reported at Hernando, 600 strong. We also captured 3 cavalry horses and equipments and 1 mule. We had no casualties.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. GRAHAM,

Captain, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant GEORGE A. ROOT,

Adjutant Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

