
QUARTERS COMPANY E, SEVENTH ILLINOIS VOL. CAV.,

Camp at LA Grange, Tenn., April 12, 1863.

SIR: In pursuance of Special Orders, Number 84, from Major Nelson, commanding this regiment, I marched from this place at 2 p. m. on the 10th instant, with 195 men and 6 commissioned officers, consisting of three companies of the First and the SECOND Battalion of this regiment. Followed the Holly Springs road to Hudsonville; thence due WEST 1 1/2 miles, and encamped for the night on the road leading to Lockhart's Mills. Forty men of Companies G and D were placed on picket. Lieutenant Gaston, of Company G, officer of the picket, placed pickets on all the roads leading from camp, four in number, and kept patrols constantly going from one post to another during the night; the men slept on their arms and the horses were not unsaddled. The regiment marched this day right in front.

Resumed the line of march at 7 o'clock the next morning, taking the road to Lockhart's Mills. The regiment, marching left in front, crossed Coldwater at Lockhart's Mills; the stream at this place makes quite an elbow, causing us to make a SECOND crossing. At the first crossing there is a very passable bridge; bridge destroyed at the SECOND crossing; road barely practicable at this place for wagons lightly loaded. Still following the Mount Pleasant road, there is a plain wagon road taking to the right 4 miles from Mount Pleasant, leading in the direction of Early Grove. One mile south of Mount Pleasant we crossed a small creek (Little Coldwater) on a poor bridge; the stream runs southwest from Mount Pleasant. We took the Moscow road 4 miles from Mount Pleasant; road forks here. We took the right hand, leading to Early Grove; crossed a large creek (Clear Creek; this creek runs northwest) on a good bridge. One mile before arriving at Early Grove there is a very plain road leading from Moscow and intersecting the road we were on just before we crossed the creek. We fed our horses, however, before arriving at from Early Grove. From Early Grove we took a direct road to this place, where we arrived at 5 p. m. From here to Hudsonville, 18 miles; from here to Lockhart's Mills, 6; from there to Mount Pleasant, 8; to Early Grove, 11, and to this place, 12 miles; in all, 55 miles.

I have also to report 2 prisoners, 3 horses and equipments, and 1 mule captured; one James Hoy, a private of Company E, SECOND Arkansas Cavalry (this man was captured before by my company in January last, and released on the 24th day of that month, upon his taking the oath of allegiance, and his horse and equipments returned to him), and one Nathan Baldwin, a private of Mitchell's company, Chalmer's regiment of cavalry. He states that the number of the regiment or the letter of his company has not yet been designated.

I cannot hear of any force this side of the Tallahatchee River. Chalmers' regiment, 500 or 600 strong, is reported at Hernando and at Panola, or in that neighborhood.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. GRAHAM,

Captain, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant GEORGE A. ROOT,

Adjutant Seventh Illinois Volunteer Cavalry.

