
I desire especially to call the attention of the General-in-Chief to this gallant exploit of Colonel Grierson, one, I think, unequaled in the war, and to ask such testimonial of approbation from the Government as his services deserve. Streight's expedition has been attacked, but the attack was heavily repulsed, and they are now on their way, with good prospects of success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.

Number 2. Report of Brigadier General William Sooy Smith, U. S. Army, commanding at LA Grange. LA GRANGE, April 29, 1863.

A scout by the name of Bell, in General Veatch's employ, is just in from Jackson, MISS. He says Grierson has destroyed 20 miles of the Southern road, having burned thirteen trestles and destroyed one tunnel (or culvert, perhaps), and captured three trains of cars.

Chalmers left Oxford on Sunday evening with about 1,500 men, destination said to be Okolona, to close in on Grierson.

My expedition under Hatch left at 4 o'clock this morning, about 1,200 strong, with orders to push down toward Okolona and Columbus, and aid Grierson to the utmost. Cannot a force be sent from Corinth or Tuscumbia toward Okolona with all haste, to co-operate with Hatch and Grierson? If they can all get in at the death, they will use Chalmers up.

[W. S.] Featherston's brigade is at or near Panola. One brigade at Canton and one at Grenada.

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT.

Number 3. Reports of Colonel Benjamin H. Grierson, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, commanding expedition. HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE, Five Miles south of Pontotoc, April 14, 1863.

GENERAL: At 3 a. m. I send an expedition, composed of the less effective portion of the command, to return by the most direct route to LA Grange. Major Love, selected to take command, will hand you this. They pass through Pontotoc in the night, marching by fours, obliterating our tracks, and producing the impression that

we have all returned. I have ascertained that the bridges on the Mississippi Central Railroad, over the Yockeney, at Walter Valley, have never been repaired, and I thought the forces could be used to better advantage

