
four engagements with the enemy, and forded the Comite River, which was deep enough to swim many of the horses. During this time the men and horses were without food or rest.

Much of the country through which we passed was almost entirely destitute of forage and provisions, and it was but seldom that we obtained over one meal per day. Many of the inhabitants must undoubtedly suffer for want of the necessaries of life, which have reached most fabulous prices.

Two thousand cavalry and mounted infantry were sent from the vicinity of Greenwood and Grenada northeast to intercept us; 1,300 cavalry and several regiments of infantry with artillery were sent from Mobile to Macon, Meridian, and other points on the Mobile and Ohio road; a force was sent from Canton northeast to prevent our crossing Pearl River, and another force of infantry and cavalry was sent from Brookhaven to Monticello, thinking we would cross Pearl River at that point instead of Georgetown. Expeditions were also sent from Vicksburg, Port Gibson, and Port Hudson to intercept us. Many detachments were sent out from my command at various places to mislead the enemy, all of which rejoined us in safely. Colton's pocket map of Mississippi, which, though small, is very correct, was all I had to guide me; but by the capture of their couriers, dispatches, and mails, and the invaluable aid of my scouts, we were always able by rapid marched to evade the enemy when they were too strong and whip them when not too large.

Colonel Prince, commanding the Seventh Illinois, and Lieutenant-Colonel Loomis, commanding the Sixth Illinois, were untiring in their efforts to further the success of the expedition, and I cannot speak too highly of the coolness, bravery, and, above all, of the untiring perseverance of the officers and men of the command during the entire journey. Without their hearty co-operation, which was freely given under the most trying circumstances, we could not have accomplished so much with such signal success.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 4. Report of Colonel Edward Hatch, SECOND Iowa Cavalry. LA GRANGE, TENN., April 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, complying with orders from Colonel Grierson, commanding First Cavalry Brigade, I left camp with my regiment, at LA Grange, Tenn., April 17, and marched with brigade to the neighborhood of Ripley, MISS., and camped.

On the morning of the 18th of April, by order of Colonel Grierson, marched my regiment east of Ripley 3 miles, thence southeast through Molino, and camped 5 miles south, of that place, skirmishing during the day with Smith's regiment of Partisan Rangers, organized near there at a place known as Chesterville.

34 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. I

