
Number 6. Reports of Colonel Wirt Adams, Mississippi Cavalry. FAYETTE, April 29, 1863.

Three of my companies from Natchez, marching to join me, met and engaged the Federal cavalry force last evening 20 miles above this, making a forced march of 20 miles from Port Gibson, with two companies and two mountain pieces. I passed the enemy's flank last night, and formed junction with the three companies directly in enemy's front, intending to engage him. This morning, 8 o'clock, found he had marched rapidly in direction of Brookhaven. Thinking it was his intention to reach Rodney or Natchez, I marched my command to this point, where I have been joined by five companies. Shall now march to intercept his movement toward Baton Rouge.

WIRT ADAMS,

Colonel, commanding.

General PEMBERTON.

NEAR FAYETTE, May 5, 1863.

GENERAL: I pursued the cavalry to a point near Greensburg, in Louisiana, near which place they forded the Amite River, and made good their escape to Baton Rouge. Notwithstanding I marched over 50 miles per day, and moved during day and night, yet the distance I had to traverse from WEST to east to reach the line of their march, and owing to their use of the most skillful guides and unfrequented roads, I found it impossible, to my great mortification and regret, to overhaul them. During the last twenty-four hours of their march in this State, they traveled at a sweeping gallop, the numerous stolen horses previously collected furnishing them fresh relays. I have marched as rapidly as possible on my return to this point, and, in the absence of other orders, shall move to-day against the enemy's line of communication from the Mississippi River to Port Gibson. I shall annoy and harass him on his rear and flank, and then move toward his front, and communicate with the general commanding between Port Gibson and the railroad. I venture, general to address you direct, pending this difficulty of communication with Major-General Stevenson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Jackson.

P. S. - The wounded lieutenant-colonel and associates of the Federal cavalry stated that their object had been to take Natchez and connect above with Grant's army, and that it had been defeated by the check they received at Union Church and the reports they received of my strength in their front.

Number 7. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel C. R. Barteau, SECOND Tennessee Cavalry. DEAR PALO ALTO, ON WEST POINT ROAD, April 22, 1863-7 a. m.

GENERAL: By rapid marches, after concentrating our forces near and above Verona, I overtook the enemy at Palo Alto 2 p. m. yesterday.

