
his direction from Pontotoc to Verona. He encamped 4 miles WEST of Verona for two hours; moved on at 4 o'clock,urg, turned northward, and encamped for the night at Shaurer's. The bridge being destroyed at Garman's Mills, we determined to make the pursuit by crossing at Edwards Mills. But before marching from Bramlett's, Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham informed us that his command was exhausted and without rations; that he could not continue the pursuit. This materially reduced our strength, for many of our men had to be left on account of horses broken down by such continuous marching; but the pursuit was made with the SECOND Tennessee, Major Inge's battalion, Colonel Smith's regiment, and Captain Ham's four companies, with not exceeding 10 rounds of ammunition to the man. At 11. 30 a. m. we overtook the enemy, and drove in his rear guard 1 mile south of Birmingham, at which place he formed to receive us. We fought him there about two hours and twenty minutes, driving him in confusion across Camp Creek 1 1/2 miles from Birmingham. After crossing the creek, the enemy destroyed the bridge, and our ammunition being exhausted, the pursuit could not be continued.

In the fight, Major Inge's battalion, Captain Cole's company, and, in fact, all the troops engaged, acted very gallantly. As it was not expedient to continue the pursuit, the several commands returned to the camping places which they had occupied before until they were ordered to rendezvous at Okolona.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. BARTEAU,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Captain R. M. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 8. Reports of Captain A. B. Biffle, commanding picket. CAMP ON PLANK ROAD, May 2, 1863.

I saw Lieutenant [M. C.] Powers this evening. The Yankees surprised Captain [B. F.] Bryan, and captured him and nearly all of his men. This leaves my left and rear, also Olive Branch, exposed. I cannot learn where they came from, or where they are at this time.

Respectfully, your humble servant,

A. B. BIFFLE,

Captain.

Captain [A. G. CAGE.]

OUTPOST PICKET, On Plank Road, May 2, 1863.

I have reliable information from one that I am well acquainted with that 1,400 Yankee cavalry entered Baton Rouge late this evening from the direction of Camp Moore, having in charge 150 C. S. Army prisoners, including Captain Bryan's company, the captain being in company. Our left and rear is entirely exposed. I have 40 men with me.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. BIFFLE,

Captain, Commanding Picket on Plank Road.

C. M. JACKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

