
Number 9. Report of Colonel Alexander J. Brown, FIFTY-FIFTH Tennessee Infantry. ON THE ROAD, SIX MILES FROM WILLIAMS' BRIDGE, May 2, 1863-9. 30 a. m.

SIR: A courier from Williams' Bridge, belonging to Captain Tazwell's [Terrell's?] company of cavalry, is just in, and informs me the enemy, 1,500 strong, crossed the bridge last night between 12 and 1 o'clock. They had four pieces of artillery. The detachment at the bridge captured a few prisoners.

A refugee from Greenwell Springs, belonging to a detachment of Hughes' battalion of cavalry, had also just reported to me, and represents the enemy at Greenwell Springs this morning just before day. Our cavalry, about 75 in number, scattered in every direction.

While writing, a courier from Clinton hands me your dispatch to Captain J. B. Walker; unfortunately, however, about ten hours too late. Starting at the hour we did, it was impossible to have intercepted the enemy at Williams' Bridge. I go on to the bridge and await further orders.

With great respect, I remain, major,

ALEX. J. BROWN,

Colonel 55th Regiment Tenn. Vols., and Comdg. Forces Williams' Bridge.

Major T. F. WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 10. Report of Captain B. F. Bryan, Stuart's cavalry [Miles' Legion]. CLINTON, May 10, 1863.

COLONEL: On the morning of April 25, I received an order from Colonel [George] Gantt, in which he directed me to picket the Comite River, relieving Colonel [C. C.] Wilbourn's command. I immediately proceeded to carry out his instructions by placing a picket at what is called Haws' Ford, Roberts' Ford, Bogan's Ford, and Strickland's Ford, on the Comite River; also one at the Burlington Ferry, on the Amite River, fixing my camp near Roberts' Ford, on the Comite River, being the most central point between the different fords on the Comite River and 7 miles below Burlington Ferry, and on the morning of May 2, at about 9 a. m., I was surprised by a body of the enemy, under command of Colonel Grierson, numbering upward of 1,000 men. They made a dash and surrounded me on all sides before I was aware that they were other than our own troops, their advanced guard being dressed in citizens' garb. Indeed, I could not think it possible that an enemy could approach my camp without my being notified in ample time to be prepared to meet them, being confident that either Colonel Wilbourn's pickets or my own, at Burlington Ferry, would notify me of the enemy's approach in that direction. Most of my men being on picket, and having only about 30 of them immediately in camp, there was no possible chance of my making a stand; and, besides this, I had been on picket up to the eighth day, and my horses had had but one feed of corn within that time, and I necessarily had to graze them,

