
Besides these, 5 prisoners were captured. So deadly was our fire that the enemy, who had succeeded in crossing the bridge, were compelled to recross it. They, however, immediately opened upon us with artillery, and were crossing the creek on our right.

My command being small, not more than 90 men having been engaged, and fearing to be surrounded, I ordered a retreat in the direction of Osyka, which was executed in good order.

At 5 p. m. I reached Osyka, but found no re-enforcements. Not being in force (the enemy being at least 1,000 strong and four pieces of artillery), I was unable to pursue them.

During the night cavalry re-enforcements, under Colonel [R. V.] Richardson, numbering 400 men, reached Osyka, when, at 2 a. m. May 2, we started in pursuit of the enemy toward Greensburg. On arriving at that place, we received positive information that the enemy had traveled all night, crossed Williams' Bridge, and were beyond our reach, in Baton Rouge. My men and horses being almost exhausted for want of food and rest, I proceeded to Camp Moore, it being the nearest commissary depot, and I returned to camp on Tuesday, May 5, when I reported in person.

My loss is 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 6 privates. The lieutenant and men belonged to the rear guard; all captured.

Too much praise cannot be awarded the officers and men composing the detachment for the bravery and coolness displayed, the officers fighting with their revolvers, and all showing a disposition to punish the daring of our enemies.

J. DE BAUN,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

Captain T. F. WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 14. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George Gantt, NINTH Tennessee Cavalry Battalion. OLIVE BRANCH, La., May 4, 1863.

SIR: Upon the receipt of Lieutenant-General Pemberton's dispatch announcing the possibility that the raid of the enemy was designed to join Banks' army, and to send out all the available spare cavalry in the direction of Tangipahoa, I immediately sent off Colonel [C. C.] Wilbourn's battalion and Captains [T. R.] Stockdale's and [V. L.] Terrell's companies to Tangipahoa, with instructions to intercept the enemy and keep us advised of all information. Upon getting dispatch from you, stating that Hazlehurst Station had been captured by the enemy, I ordered a company at once to Clinton, La., with instructions to send out scouting parties on all the approaches to the northeast. Soon afterward I received your dispatch, directing me to send a company to Clinton and one to Woodville, and move with all the balance of the cavalry not needed on the front north of Clinton in the direction of Woodville. The company was sent at once to Woodville, and it and the company at Clinton were instructed to get the earliest and most accurate information by means of scouts, and keep the major-general and myself advised. With the balance of the spare cavalry (158 men of the NINTH Battalion Tennessee Cavalry) I moved up to Clinton, and from there to the northward on the Liberty road. At about 14 miles from Clinton I

