
Chaore starting, he traveled for some distance in the direction of Osyka, announcing that he was going to capture that place.

In his march to Baton Rouge, he encountered the cavalry of Colonel [J. H.] Wingfield and one of my companies that had been ordered from Woodville to Osyka at Walls Bridge.

Our men behaved with great spirit, twice repulsing the enemy, and forcing him to bring up his artillery to dislodge them.

In this affair he lost a major, killed, and Lieutenant-Colonel [William D.] Blackburn, severely, if not mortally, wounded, besides about 12 privates wounded.

The enemy's force started from LA Grange, Tenn., and consisted of three regiments-Sixth and Seventh Illinois and SECOND Iowa-the latter of which left them east of Jackson. It was their wish to return to the point from which they started. If not able to do that, then to go to the Mississippi above Port Hudson, and, if they could do no better, to pass out to Baton Rouge.

Colonels Adams and Wilbourn and myself came together early on Saturday, and, finding that the enemy had passed beyond our reach, gave up the pursuit.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GANTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

Major [T. F.] WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 15. Reports of Major General Franklin Gardner, C. S. Army. PORT HUDSON, April 26, 1863.

Telegram from Osyka that enemy have gone toward Enterprise. Farragut was at mouth of Red River last night. No news from Banks.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

PORT HUDSON, April 28, 1863.

I shall send a regiment of infantry to Clinton, La.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

PORT HUDSON, April 30, 1863. (Received May 1.)

Enemy's raid at next station this side of Brookhaven. To-day my cavalry and [M. R.] Clark's conscripts will meet them at Summit. Miles' Legion will arrive at Magnolia day after to-morrow or next day.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

General PEMBERTON.

