HEADQUARTERS, Port Hudson, La., May 5, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the enemy's cavalry raid (1,200 cavalry and one battery) passed successfully to Baton Rouge on the afternoon of the 2nd instant, having evaded my cavalry, which was all out after them, and by an extraordinary march from Summit to Baton Rouge, between the afternoon of the 30th [ultimo] and the afternoon of the 2nd [instant], they passed before the arrival of infantry and artillery that I sent out to intercept them. The enemy came suddenly on my outposts toward Baton Rouge, destroyed Wilbourn's camp, and captured a number of men from Captain [B. F.] Bryan's company.

I would respectfully urge the great necessity of increasing the cavalry force in this district and giving me a good cavalry commander. If it could be deemed expedient to abandon the post at Ponchatoula, that would enable me to concentrate a larger force of cavalry in my front. I also respectfully represent that the very limited wagon transportation at this post greatly interferes with any movement of troops and also the gathering in supplies.

I am, sir, very respectfully, you obedient servant,FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 16. Report of Major W. H. Garland, Mississippi Cavalry. ABOUT SIX MILES FROM GREENSBURG, May 1, 1863-8 p. m.

MAJOR: In accordance with orders from Colonel [George] Gantt, I moved my command toward Camp Moore. I traveled as rapidly as my jaded horses would allow, and, having taken a near road, I came on the Greensburg and Liberty road, and there met the Yankees in force. My advance and the enemy exchanged fire. They fired six shots from cannon-I think 6-pounders. They have marched on Greensburg this evening. They stopped at a house and took some horses, and said that they were on the way to Baton Rouge. If such be the fact, they will cross at Williams' Bridge, on the Amite River. If a force can be thrown there, they may yet be cut off. Williams' Bridge is about 16 miles from Greensburg and about 14 miles from Clinton. To stop them at Williams' Bridge is the last chance.

I have lost about 70 men, and the horses all broke down. I write in much haste.

Yours, respectfully,

W. H. GARLAND,

Major, commanding.

Major T. F. WILLSON,

Port Hudson.

Number 17. Report of Major General S. J. Gholson, Mississippi Militia. OKOLONA, MISS., April 26, 1863.

Enemy that were here have been drive back. Fought at Birmingham and defeated them, killing some 20, wounding many others; among

