
MERIDIAN, April 27, 1863-10 p. m.

Westville in direction of Montrose. Have thought they would go that way, striking for Baton Rouge, as we have blocked their return by the way they came. No enemy near Enterprise. It is probable there was a small party near there, but all gone now. Think ordnance stores safe here.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

MERIDIAN, April 28, 1863.

I mounted 150 men yesterday, and started them off in direction of enemy.

W. W. LORING,

Major-General.

General PEMBERTON, Jackson.

Number 19. Report of Colonel W. R. Miles, Louisiana Legion. HEADQUARTERS MILES' LEGION, May 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to Special Orders, Number -, of the 29th ultimo, I marched the Legion to Clinton. On the 30th, I received a telegram from Major-General Gardner, ordering me to Osyka. As soon as arrangements could be made for wagons and rations, I started, and made about 6 miles the same evening. Resuming the march at an early hour on the 1st instant, I proceeded with all possible haste. Arriving at the Amite River, I found it extremely high, the bayou in the opposite swamp being so full as to swim. Captain [J. V.] Gallimard, of the snappers and miners, at once commenced the construction of a temporary bridge, and in five hours we were across with the artillery and trains. Continuing the march rapidly, we arrived within 6 miles of the Tickfaw River about sunset. At this place we learned a skirmish had occurred about noon at Tickfaw Bridge, and that the enemy had encamped at a distance of 4 or 5 miles in front. Halting the command, I at once sent out scouts to learn the position and strength of the enemy. They returned after some hours, bringing intelligence that he had not halted after the skirmish, but had pressed on with great rapidity toward Greensburg.

I found on the roadside 5 of the enemy wounded, including 1 lieutenant-colonel, and learned that once had been killed, and buried. There were with the wounded a surgeon and nurse.

I met at this place the cavalry commands of Colonel Wirt Adams, Lieutenant-Colonel [G.] Gantt, and Lieutenant-Colonel [C. C.] Wilbourn, who had abandoned pursuit, learning that the enemy had crossed Williams' Bridge. At this time I received a telegram from Colonel [J. M.] Simonton, urging my presence on the railroad for a day or two, in consequence of which I marched out to Osyka, and remained until the reception of your note of the 2nd instant, ordering my return to Port Hudson. In obedience to this order, I left Osyka yesterday morning. While halting for dinner, I received Special Orders, Number 125, ordering me to take post at Olive Branch. I will reach there late to-night or early to-morrow morning.

35 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. I

