
If I could have started one day sooner, or if our cavalry had hung upon the enemy's rear, retarding his march, Colonel Grierson, with his command of Yankee marauders, could have been hemmed in and captured.

The Legion has endured its exhausting march with patience, and is ready for any service to which it may be called.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. MILES,

Colonel, Commanding Legion.

Captain T. F. WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 20. Report of Asst. Adjt. General Thomas J. Portis, C. S. Army. HDQRS. FOURTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF MISS. AND E. La., Jackson, April 24, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Brigadier-General Adams left the depot at this place this evening, a few minutes before 4 o'clock, with the Twenty-sixth Mississippi Regiment, numbering: Total, 420; aggregate, 456. Seven companies of the Fifteenth Mississippi Regiment; Total, 373; aggregate, 394.

The general was delayed on account of the troops not being supplied with rations, and because of the delay on the part of the artillery company and the want of transportation. The battery arrived at the depot, however, before the general left, but could not go for want of transportation.

Three companies of the Fifteenth Mississippi Regiment were left to go with the battery. Total, 111; aggregate, 123. They are now at the depot, awaiting the arrival of a locomotive to take them on.

The brigadier-general directed me to state that he would proceed to Morton Station; there await the arrival of the battery and the three companies left to go with it. He also directed me to inform you that communicate to you the condition of things, and also inform you as to what his movements will be from that point.

RECAPITULATION.

Command 	 Total	 Aggregate

26th Mississippi Regiment	 420	 456

15th Mississippi Regiment	 484	 517

Company A, Pointe Coupee Battery	 75	 78

Grand total and grand aggregate	 979	 1,051

Equipments of battery consist in: Two 3 and two 10 inch rifled guns one 12-pounder howitzer, one 6-pounder gun, 4 caissons, and 53 head horses.

I have the honor, major, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. PORTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

