
the position of the enemy. He returned about 9 o'clock, informing me that the enemy had marched from Summit the previous evening on the road to Liberty and camped about 6 miles from Summit. My men and horses had marched all night, and were wearied and hungry. I remained three hours to feed and rest, when I marched for Magnolia, hoping to be able by another night march to overtake and attack the enemy at or near Osyka.

About 10 o'clock, I received a courier from Colonel Adams, who informed me that colonel had camped the previous night about 10 miles distant, in the direction of Liberty. I sent the courier back to inform the colonel that I should follow down the railroad, and would unite with him at Magnolia or any other place lower down to attack the enemy. This courier also informed me that the enemy had turned from the road to Liberty on the road to Osyka. I resumed the march to Osyka via Magnolia. Here I lnel [J. H.] Wingfield, who had just returned from a scout near the enemy, that at Walls Bridge, on the Osyka and Liberty road, across the Tickfaw, Major De Baun, with a detachment of 100 men of Colonel [J. H.] Wingfield's battalion of cavalry, had met the enemy, disputed his passage, killing 2 and wounding 14, including Lieutenant-Colonel Blackburn, of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, but, when about to be flanked on both sides, had retired from the field, in the face of overwhelming numbers, with a loss of none killed or wounded, but probably with a loss of about 26 taken prisoners. Drs. Clark and Hernford and Colonel Wingfield gave all information desired with great zeal, the last tendering his services with a company of about 20 citizen scouts, suddenly raised to meet the advance of the foe. I resumed the march to Osyka, which I reached about 10 o'clock at night. The enemy had not approached Osyka nearer than Walls Bridge, but had gone on the road to Greensburg. Here Colonel Wingfielf reported a detachment of 100 of his battalion (the NINTH Louisiana), under Major [J.] De Baun, the same who had fought the enemy at 12 m. of that day at Walls Bridge; also Captain [G.] Herren, commanding a detachment of 50 men of the First Regiment Mississippi Cavalry; also Captain [T. C.] Rhodes, commandant of post at Osyka, reported 30 men. The captain had been doing all in his power to protect his post by a judicious disposition of the small force at his command, but was anxious to take a part in the pursuit of the enemy. The safety of Osyka is indebted to him for a ruse practiced upon the enemy. He sent his SECOND lieutenant, W. S. Wren, to Summit, while the enemy was there, to cause it to be reported that he had two regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and a battery of artillery at Osyka.

I fed my horses, and rested my men three hours, when, with a force of about 470 men, I resumed the march to Greensburg. I did not expect to get in the advance of the enemy, but a dispatch had been shown me which stated that Colonel Adams had sent Lieutenant W. S. Wren to burn Williams' Bridge, across the Amite River, where it was believed the enemy would attempt to cross; also stating that he would proceed to cut off the enemy about that place. My duty was evidently to follow the enemy and press him in the rear. I also receivedt Colonel Miles, with his Legion, was on my right, following the enemy with artillery. Colonel Adams had artillery likewise, as I was informed.

I reached Greensburg at 9 o'clock on the morning of the 2nd of May, where I learned that the enemy at great speed had passed the previous evening at about sunset, and had crossed the Amite River at Williams' Bridge, which had not been destroyed. I sent a scout on his track, from whom I learned that the enemy had crossed at Williams' Bridge about

