
APRIL 18-24, 1863. -Expedition from Memphis, Tenn., to the Coldwater, MISS., including action (18th) at Hernando, and skirmish (19th) at Perry's Ferry.

REPORTS.

Number 1. -Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

Number 2. -Brigadier General William Sooy Smith, U. S. Army.

Number 3. -Colonel George E. Bryant, Twelfth Wisconsin Infantry.

Number 4. -Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army, commanding First District.

Number 5. -Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, c. S. Army, commanding FIFTH District.

Number 1. Reports of Major General Stephen A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army, commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps. *HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., April 21, 1863.

SIR: I send you last dispatch from Corinth, also written reports from Colonel Bryant, Twelfth Wisconsin, as to movement on Coldwater.

The river at Coldwater Station proved impassable. Our troops fell back to Hernando. I have just had verbal report from Bryant. Major Hayes, FIFTH Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, has died of his wound. His conduct was most gallant. With 40 men he captured 65 prisoners. We have 80 in all. Fearing that Chalmers might be re-enforced from Greenwood, I have sent this morning the Fourteenth and Forty-sixth Illinois and one battery, with orders, if they hear Smith's guns, to force a passage, by bridging or otherwise, and join him.

I have just received a dispatch from LA Grange that a woman just in from Holly Springs reports heavy cannonading south of Holly Springs on yesterday. If this is so, Smith has run across some other band or force, for Chalmers has not moved yet, I think, from Coldwater.

Smith has 1,500 good infantry and a good battery, and although I am somewhat anxious about his not appearing in their rear at or about Senatobia before our men left Coldwater on Monday noon, I think he is strong enough to work his way back or forward against anything but a movement in force from below, of which I have no intelligence.

Dodge is, I am satisfied, careful as well as brave, and will hold the line of Bear Creek as long as necessary.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, near Memphis, April 21, 1863-1 a. m.

[General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT:]

GENERAL: Inclosed + I send you dispatches just received from Colonel Bryant. You will notice that he had quite an animated time of it, finding the rebels in force intrenched on the Coldwater, which he could not cross for reasons stated. Major Hayes severely, supposed mortally, wounded; two officers of the Thirty-THIRD Wisconsin dead. Our force

---------------

*See also Grierson's raid, &amp;c., p. 519.

+See p. 556.

---------------

