
fell back on the Horn Lake road, about 18 miles from Memphis, where they are now encamped. They are encumbered with 57 privates and 7 commissioned officers taken prisoners. If they remain or return, they will want assistance from here in the shape of ambulances and artillery horses, besides a sufficient force of cavalry to relieve Major Hayes' command, which is played out.

What has become of General Smith?

Awaiting your orders, I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. G. LAUMAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., April 25, 1863.

The expedition against Chalmers suffered the misfortune of most combined movements. General Smith did not get into the rear in time, and from high water in Coldwater River, and the slowness and extreme caution of Colonel Bryant, of the Twelfth Wisconsin, who led the force from here, that part of the expedition did not force the passage of the river. As Smith came up on Wednesday, Chalmers broke into small squads and ran off to Panola, burning all bridges.

I have had nothing form Dodge for three days, but his base is firm at Eastport, on the line of Bear Creek.

I sent you copy of letter from Grierson, near Pontotoc. I have not heard from his main column since.

The SECOND Iowa Cavalry has burned Okolona, destroyed the road and barracks; also large amounts of provisions, &amp;c., at Tupelo, either by themselves, or by the enemy, in fear of them. This is reported by two of that regiment, who were cut off and came into Corinth. The country cavalry is hanging around them, but I think they will work their way in.

There is nothing else here of news. As soon as I get news from any of these expeditions, I will forward it.

Your obedient servant,S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 2. Report of Brigadier General William Sooy Smith, U. S. Army. COLLIERVILLE, April 23. 1863.

I have just arrived here, having marched by way of Holly Springs, Wyatt's, Cole's Cross-Roads, Sardis, Senatobia, Coldwater, and Byhalia. Chalmers divided up his force and ran around me, and escaped by way of Buck Snort and Chulahoma. I have lost perhaps half a dozen stragglers, captured; have captured 13 Confederate soldiers, and have brought out about 255 horses and mules. Will report as soon as possible by letter.

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First DIVISION.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding SIXTEENTH Army Corps.

