
planks. She rounded to at Johnson's plantation, 3 1/2 miles below Vicksburg, grounded, and sank, breaking amidships. She is a total loss. Crew all safe. Colonel Lagow, on this steamer and in charge of all the boats, and the pilot then went on the Cheeseman. The Anglo-Saxon passed comparatively safe. The Moderator was badly cut up and had several wounded. She drifted by Warrenton batteries about 3 a. m. The Horizon passed Warrenton at daylight. The Empire City was totally disabled at Vicksburg, and was lashed, at Johnston's plantation, to the Cheeseman, both of which were seen to pass Warrenton, where the fire was heavy, shortly after daylight. The barges designed to carry troops are supposed to have all passed. One pilot was mortally wounded in the abdomen and another person in the thigh, both of whom must have died shortly after.

General Sherman took a position at Johnston's plantation, with medical officers and six large boats, to render assistance. He hailed and boarded the steamers, and the surgeons did what they could. One wounded man was landed, but it was thought best not to remove the others. Some five hundred shots were fired, and discharge of musketry was kept up along the bank of the river to pick off the men, especially the pilots, some of whom, to avoid being injured by splinters, had their pilot-houses taken down and stood exposed. The entire crews were taken from the troops, of whom about 500 volunteered, when the crews of the boats objected. Large fires were made in Vicksburg and on the point opposite, to light up the river.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Number 2. Report of Colonel William S. Oliver, Seventh Missouri Infantry, commanding steamer Tigress. NEW CARTHAGE, La., April 24, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report as commander of the steamer Tigress, flag-ship of the fleet, which started to pass the batteries of Vicksburg and Warrenton on the night of April 22:

We started, as ordered, from the mouth of Yazoo River at 11. 30 o'clock, the Tigress taking the lead, but had not run more than 2 or 3 miles when the steamer Empire City passed us. A few moments afterward the enemy fired their signal guns and made lights by setting fire to two houses on the Louisiana side, so that when opposite the city it was as light as day on the river, and we could see the men at their batteries and the streets in the city plainly. We arrived opposite the court-houses at 12. 20 o'clock. It was here we received their heaviest fire; it was most terrific, they throwing a shower of MISSILES of all shapes and kinds, from Minie balls to 200-pound shot and shell; and here the enemy burst one of their heaviest guns in one of the streets near the court-house while firing at us. As we passed, their fire cut the ropes and chimney guys over our heads, and shot away our extra tiller wheel, while shot after shot struck the cabin and Texas, throwing splinters all around. As we heard their shots come crashing through our timbers, we

