
when we received a shot through the starboard engine, entirely disabling it; at the same time one through the pilot-house, knocking the pilot (Charles Evans) out of the house, stunning him considerably, when pilots J. Kendall and H. C. Hess took the wheel, and found it uncontrollable. The boat then being entirely disabled, we let her float by the batteries, receiving about thirty shots at various places. The jack-staff and gallows frame was shot away; also one shot through the roof and chimney, one carrying away chalk-bitts line and chain, one through the office and cook house, and several through the cabin. We also received shell, canister, and musket shots. When opposite our pickets, were ordered to round to. We cast anchor, but the stocks being shot away, would not hold the boat. We hailed the boats lying to at that point for assistance, when the steamer Horizon was sent to our aid, but could not reach us until in range of the Warrenton battery, when she rounded to and left us. We floated by the battery (just before daylight), receiving but little damage, they only firing six shots at us.

After sunrise we were overhauled by the steamer Horizon, and taken in tow until in sight of New Carthage, when we were cut loose and floated until taken in tow by the Silver Wave and landed at this place, and reported to Major-General McClernand; the officers and men all standing firmly to their posts while passing the batteries, with bravery and coolness. The pilots and engineers handled the boat with great skill and bravery, none leaving their posts until she was entirely disabled, then putting out all the fire and light. Some of the men took the yawl for shore, fearing the boilers would burst and she would sink, all of whom have returned but two (J. H. Miller and A. B. Turner), who are supposed to be drowned.

Respectfully submitted.

L. B. FISK,

Captain Forty-FIFTH Illinois Infantry, Commanding the Boat.

Colonel CLARK B. LAGOW,

Commanding the Fleet.

Number 4. Report of Captain George W. Kennard, Twentieth Illinois Infantry, commanding steamer Horizon. STEAMER HORIZON, New Carthage, La., April 23, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with Special Orders, Number 111, Headquarters Department of the Tennessee, the steamer Horizon, leaving Milliken's Bend at 9 p. m., 22nd instant, steamed down the Mississippi to the mouth of the Yazoo River, where she remained in the channel until signaled to pass the Vicksburg batteries, then steamed slowly down to the bend, where she put on a full head of steam. In passing the first battery she received two shots, one through her derrick and one through her smoke-stack, larboard side. At the SECOND battery she received two shots through her bulkhead. At the next battery she received two shots on hurricane deck, and, in all, while under fire passing Vicksburg batteries, about FIFTEEN or sixteen shots, all forward and above boiler deck, except one through her cabin midships. When arriving below our pickets, she hailed the steamer Moderator and

