
found she was disabled, and attempted to go to her assistance, but, being unable to reach her, passed down to within 2 miles of the Warrenton battery, and landed where the flag-ship had gone down, at which time the Anglo-Saxon was seen floating by in a disabled condition. The Horizon being ordered to bring her in, followed her till within range of Warrenton battery, drawing their fire, while the Anglo-Saxon floated by almost unnoticed, when she returned to the Tigress, and was ordered to pass Warrenton battery and report at New Carthage.

At daylight the Horizon had passed the battery, it firing seventeen rounds, none doing any damage except the last, which struck the wheel rudder, larboard side, damaging it considerably. When out of range of Warrenton battery, the Horizon came up with the Anglo-Saxon, took her in tow, and floated down within signaling distance of New Carthage, and having given the proper signals, cut loose from the Anglo-Saxon, which was then taken in tow by steamer Silver Wave, sent out from New Carthage. The Horizon then steamed up and reported to General J. A. McClernand, at New Carthage.

The only casualty on board the Horizon was Private [George] McElvain, Company B, Twenty-THIRD Indiana, slightly wounded in the head.

I am pleased to say that while we were under fire every man was at his post doing his duty. Each is deserving credit for coolness and good conduct. I take great pleasure in recommending to you for favor the names of Lieutenant [James D.] Vernay, Eleventh Illinois Infantry, Lieutenant [Jesse] Roberts, Thirty-first Illinois Infantry, Nathan Collins, SECOND Indiana Cavalry, and James H. Curts, Twenty-THIRD Indiana Infantry, each of whom stood at his post and discharged his duties while under fire with a coolness and courage which deserves much praise. Pilots Collins and Curts, and P. Vancil, Thirty-first Illinois Infantry (mate), are each of them experienced river men, and are also trusty and reliable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. KENNARD,

Captain Twentieth Illinois, Commanding Steamer Horizon.

Colonel CLARK B. LAGOW,

Commanding Fleet.

Number 5. Report of Major General M. L. Smith, C. S. Army. HEADQUARTERS SMITH'S DIVISION, Vicksburg, MISS., April 25, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit the inclosed report of Colonel [A.] Jackson, [jr.,] with indorsement by Brigadier-General [S. D.] Lee, regarding the passage of our batteries by the enemy's boats on the night of the 22nd instant. The report and indorsement embody all the positive information obtained. The pickets, under Captain [C. J.] Foster, Twenty-seventh Louisiana Volunteers, and three men from the First Tennessee Artillery, sent across the river to fire the houses, performed their duty with great daring and success.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

