
and the enemy opened fire with his battery, but did us no damage, his shots passing over my command. After a few shots from our pieces he moved his cavalry out of range of our shells, and in about one hour from the time our artillery opened on him he limbered up and left the ground in a hurry. We followed as far as we could for the bayou and then halted.

Having no orders to bridge this bayou, and it being off of our line of march, and from all appearances the enemy had fled from our view, I returned to the road with my command, and there bivouacked for the night. I sent the cavalry on to Hard Times Landing, to report to you, having learned of your arrival during the day.

On the morning of the 29th instant we continued our march to the landing, arriving there at 8 a. m. There I received orders from the general to send the section of artillery to General Burbridge and the regiments to report to their former commanders, which they did in a short time, and were on board the transports, ready to assist in the attack on Grand Gulf.

I cannot speak in too high terms of all the officers and men in the detachment, they being ever ready to assist in all the labors of building bridges, and so forth, and were ever ready and, and all seemed, when we came in sight of the enemy, to be ready for any emergency. I cannot but feel indebted to Lieutenant Stillman and his men for their bravery and skill. I scarcely ever witnessed as fine artillery shopping.

To Captain Peckinpaugh and Lieutenant Fullyard, of the Forty-NINTH Indiana, I was indebted for the speedy construction of the bridges across the bayous and for aiding me in all the duties I had to perform on the trip.

I will say, in conclusion, that a good road was found all the way around to near the mouth of Bayou Pierre, and, as I have since learned, the most of the army that crossed the river after us marched on the road and bridges we had constructed.

I am, sir, you obedient servant,

JAMES KEIGWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, NINTH DIVISION.

APRIL 29, 1863. -Bombardment of Grand Gulf, MISS., and passage of the batteries.

REPORTS.

Number 1. -Major Ezra P. Jackson, FIFTY-eighth Ohio Infantry.

Number 2. -Lieutenant General John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army.

Number 3. -Major General Carter L. Stevenson, C. S. Army.

Number 4. -Brigadier General John S. Bowen, C. S. Army.

Number 1. Report of Major Ezra P. Jackson, FIFTY-eighth Ohio Infantry. U. S. ORDNANCE STEAMER GREAT WESTERN, near Vicksburg, May 22, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that the following companies of this command were in action in the bombardment of Grand Gulf,

