
MISS., April 29, 1863: Companies A, b, d, f, g, h, and K-being at present detached to service on the gunboat fleet, under command of Actg. Rear-Admiral D. D. Porter, as follows:

Companies A and B, on the U. S. gunboat Mound City; Company D, on the U. S. gunboat Carondelet; Companies F and G, on the U. S. gunboat Benton; Company H, on the U. S. gunboat Pittsburg, and Company K, on the U. S. gunboat Louisville.

The loss of the different companies of this regiment participating in action is as follows:*

I have the honor to report the above statement as correct. Being that this regiment is at present on detached service, reports from the different companies are not received without some delay, which is the reason for not sending in this report sooner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. JACKSON,

Major, Commanding.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.

Number 2. Report of Lieutenant General John C. Pemberton, C. S. Army. JACKSON, April 29,[1863.]

Six gunboats, averaging ten guns each, opened a terrific fire upon our batteries at Grand Gulf at 7 a. m., and continued without intermission six hours and a half, when they withdrew. Several boats apparently damaged; one, disabled, lying on Louisiana shore below. Our loss, 3 killed, including Colonel [William] Wade, General Bowen's chief of artillery; 12 or 15 wounded. Repairs are being made, expecting a renewal of attack to-morrow. Transports loaded with troops in sight, but inactive.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER.

Number 3. Reports of Major General Carter L. Stevenson, C. S. Army. Vicksburg, April 28, 1863.

The men will be ready to move promptly to cross the Mississippi, Both gunboats and transports must pass the batteries at Grand Gulf. Our army large enough to defend itself on this side; would consume much time in crossing.

As it is not known what force has been withdrawn from this front, it is not improbable that the force opposite Grand Gulf is there to lay waste the country on that side, and a feint to withdraw troops from a main attack here. I venture to express the hope that the troops will

---------------

*Nominal list, omitted, shows, 1 enlisted man killed; 1 officer and 17 enlisted men wounded.

---------------

