
back to our lines, except the THIRD Regiment Louisiana Infantry, which maintained its advanced position along a cross levee, where they remained until about 4 p. m., having left a lieutenant and 9 men on the immediate river bank until the leading gunboats had passed up. This small party opened musketry on the boat, and were finally driven back by a body of skirmishers landed from her.

In this skirmish Lieutenant [J. R.] Cottingham, commanding our small party, was severely wounded and captured. Two privates of the Twenty-first Infantry, managing the heavy batteries, were severely wounded by a shell, one losing his leg by after amputation, and the other having two ribs broken and the flesh torn from his side. Our batteries suffered no injury on April 30.

During the night of the 30th, a few additional guns were added to our batteries on the left, and one additional gunboat and four transports joined the enemy's fleet by 12 m., May 1. During the forenoon two reconnoitering parties, one on each bank of the river, approached our batteries; a few well directed shots drove them back. At 3 p. m. the enemy opened a rapid and terrific bombardment on our batteries on the left, which continued without abatement until 7. 30 p. m., when all firing ceased. The shelling of the enemy was at times general along our entire line. For some time our guns replied and with good effect, forcing all the boats to fall back and the transports to retire out of range.

The day's fight resulted in no casualties on the Confederate side. One of our guns was slightly injured by its own recoil, but was easily repaired in the night.

On the 1st, a deserter rode directly from the enemy's line through his pickets to our front, and delivered himself into our hands.

In the night of May 2, the enemy completely withdrew, and by daylight not a boat was left in the Yazoo River. From observation and information, the enemy's armed boats consisted of the gunboats Chickasaw, De Kalb, and Black Hawk, three of the mosquito fleet (Nos. 1,3, and 8), and three mortar-boats. The transports are known to have been over twelve in number.

During the bombardment the infantry and light artillery of our forces remained near their respective positions in the intrenchments, and awaited with eager spirit and coolness the attack of the foe. Our troops in the heavy batteries acted with all commendable gallantry. Indeed, it is my duty to report my complete satisfaction with the conduct of all the officers and soldiers of my command. The major-general commanding district, while present, can have seen that there existed no alarm or even trepidation among our troops.

Casualties. -Lieutenant Cottingham, THIRD Louisiana Infantry, severely wounded and captured; Corpl. F. Haggerty, Company D, Twenty-first Louisiana Infantry (heavy batteries), loss of leg by wound and amputation; Private D. Houston, Company C, of Twenty-first Louisiana Infantry (heavy batteries), severely and dangerously wounded in the side.

Herewith please find reports of the different officers. *

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS HEBERT,

Brigadier-General.

Major S. CROOM,

Asst. Adjt. General, SECOND Dist., DEPT. of MISS. and E. La.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

