
halted my command, threw them in battle line, and commenced firing, and soon drove the enemy across the SECOND ravine between me and their battery, which was not over 400 yards distant. I kept my men firing for one hour and ten minutes, when I was relieved by the Forty-SECOND Ohio. I then ordered my men about 50 yards to the rear, to a secure point, and rested for about an hour, when I was ordered to the extreme left. I remained here several hours, when I was ordered to support Captain Foster's battery, on the right. I remained at this point for some time, when I was ordered to the front, to charge the old house, where the enemy had been posted the whole day. I formed my line, and marched in good order until I came to the ravines in our front. The first one I passed by obliquing the three right companies, but I found from the depth and roughness of the SECOND that I would have to pass it without any order. I was then but a short distance from the house, when I gave the order to charge, double-quick, with a yell, and from the noise that was made I am sure that every officer and soldier obeyed the command. We got to the house, and passed to the rear of it, where there was a high fence. Over the fence about 30 yards we found the Sixth Missouri (rebel) Regiment coming up toward us, with bayonets fixed, but we were about one minute too fast for them. We had the advantage of the hill. As soon as they discovered us, they halted and fired a volley, which passed over us without doing us any damage. I then ordered my men to fire, when the rebel regiment broke and fled from us, and we poured the lead into their backs, much to our amusement and their sorrow. We killed and wounded a large number of them, and took about 50 prisoners. During the charge, I did not lose a man. I then formed a line again, and sent Companies A and E, Lieutenant Evans, Company E, commanding, to General Osterhaus, and they had a race after the retreating enemy, capturing several prisoners. Stephen Marshall, a private of Company E, shot a rebel officer, and captured his sword, horse, saddle, and bridle. The sword was taken by some staff officer, and I would recommend that it be given to the soldier as a trophy for his gallant conduct during the day.

I marched my regiment to within 1 mile of Port Gibson, and there bivouacked for the night. During the day's fighting my regiment was very fortunate, having lost but 1 man killed and 14 wounded. Their names and ranks are as follows. *

[JAMES KEIGWIN.]

W. A. JORDAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 4. Report of Major Hugh W. Adams, Seventh Kentucky Infantry. BLACK RIVER BRIDGE, MISS., June 27, 1863.

SIR: IN obedience to your request, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment Kentucky Volunteer Infantry in the action at Thompson's Hill, MISS., May 1, 1863:

On the morning of May 1, 1863, I was ordered to move forward with my regiment to discover and feel of the enemy, and to support a section

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

