
of Captain Lanphere's (First Wisconsin) [Seventh Michigan] battery. In obedience to said order, I advanced with my regiment and took position on the right and in advance of said battery, when the enemy opened fire upon the regiment and battery, and a brisk artillery fight ensued. I was then ordered to advance with my regiment, which I did, in line of battle, to a canebrake, about 200 yards in advance of my original position, where I halted and remained about one-half hour, and then, by order, moved to the rear and right.

Remaining here a short time, we again moved forward and to the right. Sending a company of skirmishers forward, we took position on the right of the brigade (First), where we remained during the day without being engaged with the enemy, except with skirmishers. The loss of my regiment in the engagement was 8 wounded, one of whom has since died.

H. W. ADAMS,

Major Seventh Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, Comdg. Regiment.

General T. T. GARRARD.

Number 5. Report of Colonel Marcus M. Spiegel, One hundred and twentieth Ohio Infantry. IN THE FIELD, May 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to herewith transmit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twentieth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the action of Thompson's Hill, on the 1st instant:

About 5 o'clock in the morning, we were ordered to advance and take a position on the right of Lanphere's battery, which was accordingly done, under a severe fire of the enemy's shell, in which position we remained about half an hour, when we advanced to the edge of the ravine, and from there were ordered to advance and form a line of battle in a ravine to the extreme left of the DIVISION. Soon after, in conjunction with the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry, we advanced briskly across the open field, taking a position behind a fence fronting the enemy, and in support of the Forty-NINTH Indiana, who were deployed as skirmishers on the edge of the woods. Soon thereafter Colonel Keigwin, of the Forty-NINTH Indiana, informed me that he had been ordered to the right on a line with his position, and at the same time I received orders to cover the front with my skirmishers, and relieve him. I then advanced Companies A, f, and K as skirmishers, and D, i, and B in support.

At 7. 30 I was ordered to recall but one of my companies. I moved, as ordered, to the right, in advance of our line, to relieve the Forty-SECOND Ohio. While passing between our batteries and the position of the Forty-SECOND Ohio, the enemy's shell, grape shot, and bullets flew thick and fast around us, but the brave and gallant boys moved briskly and bravely on, until we arrived in front of the Forty-SECOND Ohio, close to ravine running parallel with the enemy's strongest position. I then engaged the enemy about twenty minutes, without being able to do him much harm, he being completely under cover on the opposite bank of the ravine. I then advanced as skirmishers some of the best shots from all the companies down into the ravine, with orders to

