
advance, closely supporting them with the remainder of the regiment, and keeping up a constant fire toward the top of the opposite bank. When nearly down into the ravine, I discovered the exact position of the enemy's advance, toward the left, on the opposite bank. I then charged upon them with the regiment, and quickly drove then from the bank to the knoll, where they rallied and made a stand, which only increased the determination of my brave boys. Rushing up the bank, we drove them pell-mell from behind the knoll, taking 8 prisoners.

When I had obtained possession of the knoll, I did not deem it prudent to pursue them farther, being at least 300 yards in advance of any of our troops, and in danger of meeting the enemy's entire right wing massed behind a number of old buildings directly in front of me. I deployed my regiment on the knoll, in order to punish the retiring force and hold the position against a more formidable attack. As soon as the retiring enemy had rejoined the main body, the attack was renewed with redoubled fierceness and energy, but, meeting with such continued and well-directed volleys from us, he fell back under the cover of the behind logs, fences, and houses, and some perched upon the tops of trees, until my ammunition was beginning to give out and many of the guns were becoming unfit for use, when I was relieved by Colonel T. W. Bennett, of the Sixty-NINTH Indiana, and ordered to retire. I then fell back to the SECOND ravine in my rear, replenishing the empty cartridge-boxes with ammunition from the boxes of the comrades who were killed and wounded. I remained in that position until late in the afternoon, when, seeing the charge made on the left, I quickly formed my regiment, marching them toward the charging column, in order to support them, if necessary. When, however, the enemy fled in confusion, a glorious victory won, the One hundred and twentieth had nothing more to do than to exult, cheer, and be merry, and that I assure you was done.

I cannot close this report, general, without saying that the men of the One hundred and twentieth Ohio have not only justified their former reputation, but have even excelled it. They displayed a gallantry and bravery on that day which will never be forgotten by their country. To the line officers, all of whom stood bravely up to the work, I am indebted much for their aid and courage in carrying out every order given. Lieutenant-Colonel Beekman has shown himself an officer worthy of the position he holds. While promptly assisting in maneuvering the regiment, his encouraging and cheering words were always heard along the line.

Major Slocum, while with me in the morning, showed that coolness and courage for which he is well known in the army, and while detailed to take charge of the skirmishers of the left flank of the DIVISION, did his whole duty to the entire satisfaction of the general commanding the DIVISION.

Adjutant Sherman, though young in years, has truly shown himself a veteran in the field. He possesses all the elements necessary to qualify him for the position he holds; brave and cool, he becomes courageous and dashing when the occasion requires it.

Both officers and men have my sincerest thanks for their cheerful co-operation on the field of Thompson's Hill.

M. M. SPIEGEL,

Colonel, Commanding.

General T. T. GARRARD,

Commanding First Brigade.

