
consisting of railroads, locomotives, cars, steamboats, cotton, &amp;c., and much was destroyed to prevent our capturing it.

Our loss in the series of battles may be summed up as follows:*

 Killed. 	 Wounded. 	 Missing.

Port Gibson	 130 	 718	 5

Fourteen-Mile Creek

(skirmish)	 4	 24	 ----

Raymond	 69	 341	 32

Jackson	 40	 240	 6

Champion's Hill	 426	 1,842	 189

Big Black Railroad Bridge	 29	 242	 2

Vicksburg	 545	 3,688	 303

Of the wounded many were but slightly wounded, and continued on duty; many more required but a few days or weeks for their recovery. Not more than one-half of the wounded were permanently disabled.

My personal staff and chiefs of departments have in all cases rendered prompt and efficient service.

In all former reports I have failed to make mention of Company A Fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, Captain E. D. Osband commanding. This company has been on duty with me as an escort company since November, 1861, and in every engagement I have been in since that time rendered valuable service, attracting general attention for their exemplary conduct, soldiery bearing, and promptness. It would not be overstating the merits of this company to say that many of them would fill with credit any position in a cavalry regiment.

For the brilliant achievements recounted in this report, the Army of Tennessee, their comrades of the NINTH Army Corps, Herron's DIVISION of the Army of the Frontier, and the Navy co-operating with them, deserve the highest honors their country can award.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General U. S. Army, Commanding.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure Number 1.]
HEADQUARTERS, Vicksburg, MISS., July 3, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,Commanding United States Forces, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to propose to you an armistice for --- + hours with a view to arranging terms for the capitulation of Vicksburg. To this end, if agreeable to you, I will appoint three commissioners to meet a like number, to be named by yourself, at such place and hour to-day as you may find convenient.

I make this proposition to save the further effusion of blood, which must otherwise be shed to a frightful extent, feeling myself fully able to maintain my position for a yet indefinite period.

This communication will be handed you under flag of truce by Major General J. S. Bowen.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*But see general summary of casualties, Part II, p. 167.

+In Pemberton's report, "several. "

---------------

