
Number 6. Report of Colonel Lionel A. Sheldon, Forty-SECOND Ohio Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade. HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, May 3, 1863.

SIR: The following report will show the part taken by the SECOND Brigade in the battle of the 1st instant:

A few minutes after sunrise, the brigade moved from its place of bivouac to the top of the hill, the FIFTY-fourth Indiana remaining to come up with the First Wisconsin Battery. At about 7. 30 a. m. the Sixteenth, Forty-SECOND, and One hundred and fourteenth Ohio and Twenty-SECOND Kentucky were formed in line of battle, by battalion in mass, in rear of Lanphere's battery, and remained for half an hour under the artillery fire of the enemy, which did but slight damage, however. In the mean time the FIFTY-fourth Indiana came up, and was placed in support of one section of the First Wisconsin Battery, opposite the enemy's center.

At about 8 o'clock, the SIXTEENTH and Twenty-SECOND were ordered to the center, to meet any movement in that quarter. They advanced to the woods and formed line of battle, and two companies were deployed as skirmishers and advanced into the woods. No enemy appeared, and the regiments, pursuant to General Osterhaus' order, were moved to the left. The FIFTY-fourth Indiana was ordered to the right by General McClernand, and during the day co-operated with the troops of General Smith's DIVISION. No casualties happened to the regiment during the battle.

At 8 o'clock, the Forty-SECOND Ohio was ordered to the front, and made an attack on the enemy at the house, advancing over an open and exposed piece of ground in very gallant style, receiving a severe fire from the enemy.

At about 11 o'clock, the SIXTEENTH and Twenty-SECOND were formed in line on the left of the Forty-SECOND. Two companies of skirmishers were thrown forward to the brow of the hill, keeping up for one-half hour a well-directed fire upon the enemy. At the expiration of this time, an advance of the three regiments was ordered. The order was obeyed in very splendid order. The SIXTEENTH and Twenty-SECOND, obliquing to the left, entered the ravine on the front and left of the enemy's position, and advanced under cover very near the enemy, and maintained their position until near right, doing considerable damage to the enemy by the continuous and well-directed fire they kept up. The Forty-SECOND Ohio advanced directly to the front in beautiful line on the enemy a heavy fire. It was soon discovered that the Sixty-NINTH Indiana was posted in front in the ravine, a fact before not understood by me. Lieutenant-Colonel Pardee reporting the fact to me, I took the responsibility to order him to retire. The regiment was then retired and moved farther to the right, where it continued in the battle, relieving the Sixty-NINTH Indiana and occupying the front until the enemy retired. Three companies, under command of Major Williams, were among the first to enter the enemy's position on the right, and joined in the pursuit for some distance, capturing several prisoners.

The One hundred and fourteenth Ohio at about 9 o'clock was ordered to take a position in support of Foster's battery, and remained in that position until about 4 p. M, when it was ordered forward, and participated in the charge on the left center, and was the first in the enemy's

