
position, pursuing the enemy 3 miles and capturing many prisoners. The charge made by it was in a very gallant manner.

Captain E. W. Botsford, commanding SIXTEENTH Ohio; Major Worthington, commanding Twenty-SECOND Kentucky; Lieutenant-Colonel Pardee, commanding Forty-SECOND Ohio and Lieutenant-Colonel Kelly, commanding One hundred and fourteenth Ohio, all behaved ably and gallantly. It is but just to say that all of the officers and men, without distinction, bore themselves with remarkable coolness and courage.

The officers in the brigade injured were 10 in all, 9 from the Forty-SECOND Ohio and 1 from the Twenty-SECOND Kentucky-First Lieutenant Robb slightly, Captain M. L. Benham and First Lieutenant E. B. Campbell severely, First Lieutenants C. P. Goodwin, and J. R. Helman slightly, SECOND, C. E. Henry, and Peter Miller slightly. One only killed-Captain W. W. Olds, of the Forty-SECOND Ohio. He was an accomplished, patriotic, and brave young man. Complete lists of the killed and wounded are herewith transmitted. * None are MISSING. Total casualties, 15 killed and 66 wounded.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

L. A. SHELDON,

Colonel, Commanding SECOND Brigade.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

A. A. A. G., NINTH DIVISION.

Number 7. Report of Captain Charles H. Lanphere, Seventh Michigan Battery. HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH MICHIGAN BATTERY, Port Gibson, MISS., May 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Michigan Battery in the engagement of yesterday:

About 7. 30 a. m. I took a position immediately in front of and about 1 1/4 miles from the enemy's battery, and opened fire. For two and a half hours my battery was worked here under a most galling fire from the enemy's artillery, their guns being worked with great skill. At this point I had 2 men killed and 2 men wounded.

At 9. 30 o'clock I advanced the battery 100 yards, taking a position 50 yards to the right of first position. Here the battery was less exposed. At 11 a. m. advanced three pieces 100 yards, taking a position 50 yards to the left of first position, from which point the guns were worked with great effect. At 11. 30 a. m. advanced two of the pieces 100 yards to the right, but only put one piece in battery, where it was worked at intervals until about 3 p. m.

It affords me great pleasure to say that my officers and men behaved themselves with great gallantry.

There were 3 men killed and 3 wounded, and 7 horses killed and 4 disabled.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. LANPHERE,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Michigan Battery.

Captain J. W. THOMPSON,

A. A. A. G., NINTH DIVISION, Thirteenth Army Corps.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

