
since the same left Milliken's Bend, La., on Tuesday, April 14, as also of the part taken by this regiment in the battles on Magnolia Hills Midway, Black River, and in the siege of Vicksburg, MISS., to the present date:

The Sixty-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry, as part of your brigade, under my command, left Milliken's Bend, La., at 3 p. m. on Tuesday, April 14, numbering 360 men, rank and file, marching o distance of 4 miles, to Berklin's plantation.

Starting again at daylight on the 15th, we reached Holme's plantation, a distance of about 20 miles from the Bend, at 5 p. m., where we encamped until the 24th, drilling and preparing for active campaign. At 8 p. m. we left for Smith's plantation, a distance of about 6 miles, from where, on the 26th, we embarked on the transport Empire City, running down the bayou into the Mississippi River, arriving at Perkins' plantation, La., the same night at 9 o'clock, during a severe storm.

On the 28th, at 9 a. m., leaving all transportation behind, we went on board a hay barge, towed by the transport Silver Wave, to a point in Hard Times Bend, La., opposite Grand Gulf. remained on board the barge in about 7 inches of stinking water, and keeping the pumps steady at work to keep the barge from filling, until after the unsuccessful attempt of our gunboats to silence the rebel batteries at the Gulf on the 29th, when we disembarked about 4 p. m., marching 3 miles across the Bend to a point below the Gulf, encamping for the night.

On the 30th, after mustering the regiment, re-embarked at 2 p. m. on the gunboat Carondelet for Bruinsburg, MISS., and being supplied here with six days' (two-THIRDS) rations, we took up the line of march, with the SIXTEENTH Indiana, Eighty-THIRD Ohio, and Twenty-THIRD Wisconsin Regiments and SEVENTEENTH Ohio Battery, of your brigade, at about 11 p. m. for Port Gibson, MISS.

Marching steadily all night, the regiment arrived at the field of action by 8 a. m. May 1, and formed line of battle immediately in rear of and supporting part of the DIVISION of General A. P. Hovey, my right resting on the Eighty-THIRD Ohio, my left near the road leading to Port Gibson. Company A, of my regiment, was deployed forward as skirmishers. The SECOND Brigade, Colonel Landram commanding, arrived on the field shortly afterward. I changed position to the right, a rather uncomfortable place, the balls whizzing in unpleasant proximity to our ears, yet I am pleased to state no one was hurt while here.

At about 10 o'clock, the rebels having been dislodged from their first position, I was ordered to follow our advancing columns, and, marching my regiment by the left flank to the front for a mile or more, we passed across the battle-field of a few hours previous and re-established line of battle as before in rear of the advance column of General Hovey, the Sixty-seventh Indiana on the right of the corps. This order was executed in admirable style, though a number of officers and men had sunk by the road-side, perfectly exhausted and overcome by the excessive heat of the day. By far the largest number of men composing the regiment arrived promptly, and formed in line of battle long in advance of the other regiments of the brigade, the Sixty-seventh again forming on the right of the brigade, the left resting on the SIXTEENTH Indiana. Captain Blount's battery had opened fire on the woods and hills in our front. We remained inactive for a short time, when again orders were received to march my regiment to the left, and, together with the SIXTEENTH Indiana and Eighty-THIRD Ohio, relieve three regiments of Colonel

38 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. I

