
Landram's brigade, then holding the advance on the road leading to Port Gibson.

The Sixty-seventh Indiana, again taking the lead, countermarched by the right flank, and, marching about 2 miles to the left of our former position, relieved the Ninety-seventh Illinois Regiment, forming on the left of the brigade, the right resting on the Eighty-THIRD Ohio, fronting a hill densely covered with cane and briars. From here I advanced three companies of skirmishers to the brow of the hill in front and to the left, ordering the other companies to rest in place from their fatiguing marches. The companies deployed were F, D, and I, and I was instructed to be ready to charge up the hill at the signal of cheering on my left, when at once my skirmishers became hotly engaged with the enemy, and, under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery, Companies D and I, after maintaining their ground bravely, and contesting it inch by inch, commenced falling back, sending me word that they would need support. At the same time, without waiting orders, a portion of my regiment and the Eighty-THIRD Ohio Regiment had opened a fire on the brow of the hill, thus exposing my skirmishers in front of my right wing to a cross-fire, so I immediately asked and obtained your permission to charge up the hill for the relief of my skirmishers, with the promise to be supported. I immediately gave the order for the charge, and am proud to state that, though exposed to the fire of the rebels while forming the line, the Sixty-seventh fulfilled their duty nobly, and, charging up the hill in gallant style, we had the satisfaction of seeing the rebels running down the hill through the thickest underbrush in every direction, leaving 2 of their dead and a number of prisoners in our hands.

Finding my regiment very much exposed to the fire from a rebel battery on our left, which wounded 2 men of Company B at the first fire, I ordered my men to lie down, and deployed Company C as skirmishers to the front. Meanwhile the One hundred and thirtieth Regiment Illinois Volunteers had arrived for my support, but one of our batteries having opened a fire of shot and shell on the valley in front of us, I dispatches a messenger for further orders, when, soon afterward, I received instruction to withdraw the regiment down the hill and rest for the night. Calling in my skirmishers, I marched to the rear by the right flank, heavily annoyed by the rebel shells, yet fortunate enough to have no more wounded. We encamped for the night in rear of and supporting Captain Blount's (SEVENTEENTH Ohio) battery, which kept up firing at the rebel battery on the Port Gibson road until after sunset. There were 5 men wounded in this day's fight.

Before daylight on May 2, the regiment was ordered to fall in line again, in order to advance on the hill occupied by the rebel battery on the Port Gibson road the night previous. We were promptly in line, the right resting on the Eighty-THIRD Ohio, our left on the Twenty-THIRD Wisconsin Regiment; Companies B and G, of the Sixty-seventh Indiana, deployed in my front as skirmishers, and at 6 a. m. we took up line of march toward Port Gibson as the advance column of our forces. Meeting with no opposition, and finding arms and clothing scattered in every direction, it soon became evident that the rebels had left for a healthier clime.

We reached the town about 10 a. m., the Sixty-seventh Indiana being the THIRD regiment in the place, following the Eighty-THIRD Ohio. Company G, of the regiment, SECOND Lieutenant George T. Polson, commanding, had entered the town, though, as skirmishers long in advance of any other troops.

