
After a few moments' rest, the Sixty-seventh Indiana again pushed ahead to the brigade across Bayou Pierre, which had been set on fire by the rebels, and on reaching it were saluted by a few shots from rebel pickets on the other side, which passed harmlessly over our heads. We were ordered to save the bridge from entire destruction, and though my brave boys had worked harder, marched more, and rested less than any in the brigade, they went to work cheerfully, until, after a few hours of futile labor, they were ordered to desist, and enjoyed a few hours of undisturbed rest, conscious that they had done their whole duty, to a man.

Soon after daylight on the 3rd instant, I again received orders to form the regiment, march thence to the court-house, and wait for the rest of the brigade, as there was indication of the enemy moving to our rear. Here the Sixty-seventh was again ordered to take the lead, and, marching about 1 1/2 miles to the rear of town, we formed line of battle, my regiment on the left of the brigade and Companies A and H skirmishing.

After waiting here in vain for the rebels, we countermarched, the Sixty-seventh having the advance, and, passing through Port Gibson and across the bridge, we marched during the day, under excessive heat, 8 miles to Willow Springs, going into camp here at 6 p. m.

Here we left on the 7th instant, marching about 11 miles to a point beyond Rocky Springs, where we rested until the 9th, when, at 3 p. m., we marched 3 miles farther north, encamping on Big Sand Creek.

We started from here on the 10th about 1 p. m., marching to Cayuga, MISS., where, resting on the 11th, General Sherman's corps d'armee passed us.

At daylight on the 12th, we were ordered to countermarch, and arriving at Cayuga, taking a road leading in a westerly direction, we marched about 10 miles, encamping for the night in line of battle near Fourteen-Mile Creek, and within 6 miles of Edwards Station, on the Jackson and Vicksburg Railroad, where the rebels were reported in heavy force.

Next morning (13th), at 8 o'clock, we again received marching orders, and, following the Eighty-THIRD Ohio Regiment, we marched about 6 miles to the Jackson road, where, meeting the train of our DIVISION, we for the first time prided ourselves in the prospect of a change of linen since we left Smith's plantation, La., on April 24. Here we rested during the 14th.

On the 15th, we marched to Raymond, MISS., following General Blair's DIVISION a distance of about 15 miles, arriving at about 9 p. m.

At daylight of the 16th, we started for Edwards Station, on the Jackson and Vicksburg road; marched about 4 miles, when heavy firing on our right indicated the close proximity of rebel forces. We were ordered in line of battle on the left of the road, my right resting on the left of the Eighty-THIRD Ohio at right angles, Company A deployed as skirmishers on the left of the brigade.

From here the regiment advanced by the right flank with the Eighty-THIRD Ohio, and reformed forward into line as soon as the ground would admit of the formation, marching about 1 mile in line of battle, our skirmishers driving the rebels before them, when a battery opening on our right flank, and rebels being visible in strong force marching toward our left, we were ordered back a short distance, selecting a very advantageous position.

After some delay we again advanced in line of battle in the same order for about 2 miles, when all at once a battery opened fire on us with grape, canister, and shell while ascending a hill of some eminence. We were fortunately protected by a cut in a road in front of us at this

