
The rebels were still firing heavily, and, knowing my inability to hold the place without support, my guns in no fit condition for loading, some of my men having fired over 200 cartridges, I requested of Colonel Alexander the favor of remaining for a short time I could secure support or relief. I hastened back, and received your orders to with-draw my regiment, skirmishing. Finding it was the last to leave the field, I gathered all the stragglers in my reach, and having the wounded carried off in front of me, the Sixty-seventh, considerably weakened in numbers, reached their old camping ground of the 20th, once more to enjoy a night's rest after the hardest day's work any of us have ever witnessed or been subjected to.

The casualties in my regiment on this day, out of 230 men, rank and file, were 6 killed and 40 wounded; yet I am happy to state that of the wounded but one is pronounced beyond recovery.

Where all officers and men acted with most unquestionable bravery, I should abstain from singling out instances of particular merit; yet I cannot avoid to mention Captain G. R. Sims, of Company D, who, constantly leading his men where the most danger threatened, had 14 of his men wounded out of 20 he took into the fight. But officers and men of the regiment deserve praise for the bravery displayed, their indefatigable perseverance and endurance without a murmur, their coolness in the most trying hour of danger, and their strict attention to my orders. Quite a number, though wounded, continued on the field, rendering all the assistance in their power, and by their example cheered others to renewed action.

All my officers were at their proper posts, and rendered efficient service in encouraging their men when hard pressed; they could not have acted better. My adjutant, Lieutenant William T. Days, discharged his duties with bravery and dispatch, and is deserving of my especial thanks for his zeal.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEODORE E. BUEHLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Sixty-seventh Regiment Indiana VOL. Infty.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE.

Number 10. Report of Colonel Friend S. Rutherford, Ninety-seventh Illinois Infantry, SECOND Brigade. PORT GIBSON, MISS., May 2, 1863.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part this regiment took in the battle of Port Gibson and the march thereto:

In pursuance of orders, this regiment took up its line of march in rear of the SEVENTEENTH Ohio Battery from Bruinsburg Landing at midnight of April 30, on the road to Port Gibson. From the best information I am able to obtain, the distance marched was 18 miles. When we had made the distance of 15 miles, I received an order from your adjutant to move forward with a double-quick.

We arrived on the battle-ground at 8. 30 o'clock May 1, falling into line of battle on the right of the road and on the left of the First Brigade, on the top of a ridge running at right angles with the road. We had occupied this position some ten or FIFTEEN minutes, when I received an

