
[Inclosure Number 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,In the Field, near Vicksburg, MISS., July 3, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Confederate Forces, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: YOUR note of this date is just received, proposing an armistice for several hours, for the purpose of arranging terms of capitulation through commissioners to be appointed, &c.

The useless effusion of blood you propose stopping by this course can be ended at any time you may choose, by an unconditional surrender of the city and garrison. Men who have shown so much endurance and courage as those now in Vicksburg will always challenge the respect of an adversary, and I can assure you will be treated with all the respect due to prisoners of war.

I do not favor the proposition of appointing commissioners to arrange terms of capitulation, because I have no terms other than those indicated above.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Number 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, MISS., July 3, 1863.

Lieutenant General J. C. PEMBERTON,

Commanding Confederate Forces, Vicksburg, MISS.:

GENERAL: In conformity with agreement of this afternoon, I will submit the following proposition for the surrender of the city of Vicksburg, public stores, &c.:

On your accepting the terms proposed, I will march in one DIVISION as a guard, and take possession at 8 a. m. to-morrow. As soon as rolls can be made out, and paroles signed by officers and men, you will be allowed to march out of our lines, the officers taking with them their side-arms and clothing, and the field, staff, and cavalry officers one horse each. The rank and file will be allowed all their clothing, but no other property. If these conditions are accepted, any amount of rations you may deem necessary can be taken from the stores you now have, and also the necessary cooking utensils for preparing them. Thirty wagons also, counting two-horse or mule teams as one, will be allowed to transport such articles as cannot be carried along.

The same conditions will be allowed to all sick and wounded officers and soldiers as fast as they become able to travel.

The paroles for these latter must be signed, however, while officers are present authorized to sign the roll of prisoners.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Number 4.] HEADQUARTERS, Vicksburg, MISS., July 3, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding United States Forces, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date proposing terms of capitulation for this garrison and post.

