
the rebel lines. The fire became intense and concentrated, and both regiments, to shield themselves, fell to the ground, while the fire continued for two or three minutes longer on both sides. At this juncture I gave the command "forward" as loud as I could, and had

the gratification of seeing the Thirty-fourth and FIFTY-sixth spring to their feet, and, with two companies of the Eleventh Indiana, which I knew by their dress, and several other companies from my DIVISION, which I could not then distinguish, rush forward to the charge.

Again the bright bayonets of the Twelfth DIVISION were glittering in the sun; again a wild shout, a shout of triumph, reverberated through the hills. The enemy were beaten back, between 200 and 300 taken prisoners, and 1 stand of colors, 2 12-pounder howitzers,

3 caissons, and 3 six-mule teams, loaded with ammunition, was the reward of this chivalric action.

The particular men or companies who seized the colors, took the guns and turned them upon the enemy, surrounded and took the prisoners, I cannot tell, as in the hot contest of the moment nothing but momentary, the honor of the charge belongs to the Twelfth DIVISION. I gave the command, my men obeyed, and made the charge, manned the guns, discharged them at the enemy, took the prisoners, and have the battle flag of the battery now in possession of the gallant Colonel Raynor. That other gallant men were there, after the inception of the charge, and sustained it, may be so, as officers and men of this corps are not only ready but more than willing to do their duty; but that any organized body of troops from any other DIVISION participated in the capture is, I think, contrary to the position of the corps at the time and the truth of history.

Immediately after the charge was made, several regiments formed on the same ridge in line of battle, and the wildest enthusiasm prevailed as Major-Generals Grant and McClernand rode down our lines. Generals Grant and McClernand commanded me to press the whole line they could be re-enforced. I gave the command to the brigades of my own DIVISION and to the gallant Colonel William J. Landram, commanding the SECOND Brigade, tenth DIVISION, who with my DIVISION, immediately marched across a ravine in the direction the enemy had taken. On reaching the plateau or ridge beyond, our line again received the enemy's fire from a long woody ravine which lay at the base of the ridge. Skirmishers at different points opened a fire upon the enemy for several minutes. Passing through a slight opening in this ravine, Colonel Slack formed the Forty-seventh Ohio in line of battle and opened fire on the enemy. Being severely pressed, he was subsequently re-enforced by the Twenty-fourth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel W. T. Spicely commanding, and Twenty-NINTH Wisconsin, colonel Gill, and, after a hot and spirited contest of one hour and a half with about equal numbers, they forced the enemy to retire before them. Here these gallant regiments met with severe loss.

During this contest, and when passing down our lines to the right, I met General McGinnis, who informed me that the enemy were moving on our right, with the probable intention of flanking us. He had previously sent to the right three companies of skirmishers from the Eleventh and Twenty-fourth Indiana and Colonel Cameron with the Thirty-fourth. As we passed down the line, my aide, lieutenant J. P. Pope, discovered a rebel battery moving in the same direction, supported by a large force of infantry, marching partly hidden by the woody ravine. I plainly

