
been hotly engaged for some time. The Twenty-fourth moved up to its position in gallant style, and after a short but very sharp engagement the enemy retreated from that part of the field, upon which the Twenty-fourth rejoined the brigade. The balance of my brigade moved rapidly to the front, and were soon within range of a rebel battery, supported by a brigade of infantry. The Thirty-fourth Indiana, being in advance, was ordered by General Hovey to charge the battery. A gallant effort was made to execute the order, but such a fearfully destructive fire was poured upon them that Colonel Cameron, very properly and with much coolness and judgment, halted his command, and protected them from the enemy's fire behind the brow of the hill. At this juncture the Eleventh Indiana, which had been in reserve, moved to the font in double-quick, and as soon as a portion of its right was in line with the Thirty-fourth and left of the Forty-sixth Indiana, another gallant charge was made upon the battery, which was double-shotted and just upon the point of being fired. The gunners and horsed were shot down, and the brigade in support turned their backs upon us and fled in confusion from the field.

The result of this gallant dash, in which the Thirty-fourth,

Eleventh, and Forty-sixth Indiana participated, was the capture of 2 12-pounder howitzers, 3 caissons, 3 wagons loaded with ammunition, 3 stand of colors, several horses, and over 200 prisoners. Company K, of the Eleventh Indiana, was detailed to man the guns, who turned them upon the enemy and delivered a few effective shots.

After a short halt, to enable all to rest and procure water, I received an order from General Hovey for another advance. In this movement the Thirty-fourth and Forty-sixth Indiana were held in reserve within supporting distance of the first line. After advancing about 1 mile, we again met the enemy, who had been re-enforced, and were strongly posted on the opposite side of a deep ravine.

My command was immediately ordered forward to support the SECOND Brigade, colonel Slack, and took up a position in the ravine and on the brow of the hill, and opened their fire upon the enemy. At this point the conflict was terrific, and was kept up without any intermission whatever for an hour and thirty-seven minutes, when the enemy, finding that they could not drive us from our position, retreated in dismay, and made no further resistance on that part of the field.

During this last engagement I received information that the rebels showed signs of an intention to attack and turn our right. I immediately directed Colonel Cameron, of the Thirty-fourth Indiana, to occupy and hold the hill to the right, and sent to his assistance one section of the SIXTEENTH Ohio Battery, and informed General Hovey of what I had done. A concentrated fire from sixteen guns of the DIVISION continued for over an hour, dislodging the enemy from their position and driving them from the field.

After this engagement had been continued for an hour, I received a message from Colonel Gill, of the Twenty-NINTH Wisconsin, informing me that his regiment had suffered severely, man asking to be relieved for a short time. Having no regiment of my own command unemployed, I called upon General Benton for the required assistance, who generously tendered the services of the gallant Eighth Indiana, colonel Shunk, and, although they were short of ammunition, they went in with a will and rendered the necessary relief, and fought gloriously and victoriously during the remainder of the engagement.

The Twenty-fourth Indiana and Twenty-NINTH Wisconsin stood the

