
brunt of the engagement, occupying the front and most dangerous position. It was here that their heaviest loss occurred.

Owing to the nature of the ground over which we moved in the early part of the engagement, it was utterly impossible for the section of the SECOND Ohio Battery, commanded by Lieutenant Guthrie, to follow us. As soon, however, as he could get his guns in position, he opened upon the rebels and did gallant service during the day.

Two section of the SECOND Ohio Battery, first Lieutenant Beach commanding, and the whole of the SIXTEENTH Ohio Battery, captain Mitchell, which had been left at Perkin's plantation, for reasons before stated, arrived upon the battle-field about 10 a. m. They were immediately put to work, and did good service during the balance of the day.

The expressions of admiration of the manner in which the two

batteries were handled-the precision and rapidity with which they fired-were frequent and well deserved. Officers and men are entitled to much praise for their good conduct.

At about 4 p. m. my brigade was again ordered to advance, in support of a brigade of General Smith's DIVISION. After advancing a short distance, we were ordered to halt, and soon after were ordered into position for the night.

When all-officers and men, and the different commands of my brigade-performed their whole duty, it would appear unjust to discriminate. I cannot refrain, however, from special mention of the Twenty-NINTH Wisconsin, not that they fought longer and more gallantly than others-not that they are more brave or better disciplined-but that it gaged with an enemy or that any of their men had ever been under fire. They fought like veterans, and suffered severely, as their report of casualties will show.

Captains Caven and Ruckle, of the Eleventh Indiana, are deserving of special mention for gallant conduct in the charge upon and taking of a rebel battery. I regret that commandants of other regiments engaged in that affair have not seen proper to make special mention of the principal actors of their commands engaged in it.

To Colones Spicely, Cameron, Macauley, gill, and Bringhurst, all of whom were on foot, like myself, in consequence of an order prohibiting us from bringing our horses across the river, I am much indebted for valuable assistance, ant the prompt and energetic manner in which they executed all orders.

I would also make honorable mention of Capts. J. H. Livsey,

W. S. Marshall, and Lieutenant D. J. Wells, of my staff, all of whom were very efficient in transmitting orders, more especially as they were also on foot.

My command moved from the Mississippi River at 3 p. m. on

April 30, and marched until 5 a. m. 1st instant, carrying their knapsacks, four days' rations, and 100 rounds of ammunition per man.

I herewith transmit the reports of regimental and battery commanders, with a list of killed and wounded.

The loss of my command is as follows:*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE F. McGinnis,

Brigadier-General, commanding First Brigade.

Captain John E. PHILLIPS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, TWELFTH DIVISION.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 583.

---------------

