
enemy in force. This was about 11. 30 a. m. Having moved, we remained in defense of that ridge till about 5 p. m., resisting during that time several attacks.

I was then ordered by General McGinnis to move foreword and support an attack being made by General A. J. Smith's DIVISION. I at once moved down in the bottom, some 200 yards to the front, and awaited troops at a halt. Remaining here about half an hour, the regiments to the front were brought back, and I was ordered to my recent position on the ridge. The firing in front soon ceased, and we bivouacked for the night.

In conclusion, I would say that where every man did his duty so thoroughly and fought with so much energy, it is difficult to single out any for special mention, yet the gallant conduct of Captains Ruckle and Caven in the capture of the battery deserves more than a passing notice.

The regiments entered the fight with 491 enlisted men and 28 commissioned officers. It lost 1 killed, 1 MISSING, and 23 wounded.

Very respectfully,

DANIEL MACAULEY,

Colonel Eleventh Indiana Volunteers.

Captain JAMES H. LIVSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 14. Report of Colonel James R. Slack, forty-Seventh Indiana Infantry,commanding SECOND Brigade. HDQRS. 2nd BRIGADE, 12TH DIVISION, 13TH ARMY CORPS, Willow Springs, MISS., May 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit he following report of the part taken by the forces under my command in the severely contested battle of Port Gibson on the 1st instant:

My command consisted of the Forty-seventh Indiana Infantry, under command of Lieutenant Colonel John A. McLaughlin; FIFTY-sixth Ohio Infantry, under command by Colonel Eber C. Byam; Twenty-eighth Iowa Infantry, commanded by Colonel John Connell; First Missouri Battery, captain George W. Schofield commanding, and the Peoria Battery, commanded by Lieutenant Frank B. Fenton. I formed the infantry on the crest of Thompson's Hill, to the right of the Port Gibson road, at

6 o'clock in the morning, and Schofield's battery to the left of the same road, and in advance of the first line. The Peoria Battery, for want of transportation across the Mississippi, did not reach the field until about 10 a. m. During the formation of our lines, the battle opened a short distance to our left and front, and continued with great stubbornness for an hour, when General Benton, whose forces were being hard pressed by overwhelming numbers. The whole column was immediately formed, and moved most gallantly to the point indicated, with the Forty-seventh Indiana and Twenty-eighth Iowa on the right.

These positions were respectively taken under a severe fire of the enemy's infantry, and shell and canister from a whole battery at a dis-

