
of the infantry. At about 7. 30 a. m. we were ordered to the left and front, to support the First Missouri Battery, Captain Schofield, which position, upon the height to the left of the road leading to Port Gibson, and about 1 mile in advance of our first line of battle, we occupied for more than two and a half hours, where we delivered three effective volleys at the enemy maneuvering upon our right. In this position the enemy's bullets fell among us thick and fast, but as we were well sheltered under the brow of the hill, we only lost 1 man from Company B and 1 man belonging to the ambulance corps of the FIFTY-sixth Ohio Volunteers, both killed.

At about 11 o'clock we were ordered to the front. We then proceeded to the Port Gibson road, up which, toward Port Gibson, we advanced about 2 miles, and crossed to the right of said road, and formed in line of battle upon the crest of the hills. Here we ordered forward Company D, of the Forty-seventh, as skirmishers, and advanced to the extreme front over a ridge and across Willow Creek, and to the top of the hill beyond, where we formed in line of battle in the open field, our skirmishers being engaged in front with the THIRD and FIFTH Missouri (rebel) Regiments, a rebel battery playing upon us at the same time. We here engaged the enemy, who opposed us hotly for half an hour. We were holding our own to good purpose, when we discovered that the rebels were advancing in line at double-quick at our right, and in a position favorable to taking us upon the right flank and in our rear. As we were a long way in advance of our main body when we took this position, and supposing ourselves entirely unsupported at our rear, we changed position, retiring by the left flank along the ravine through which we had gained the summit of the hill, and formed in line of battle at right angles with our former position, our lift resting upon it, and immediately opened a brisk fire upon the enemy's lines. which were in full charge upon us. Here the battle raged furiously for over two hours, during, which time the pieces of our men became so heated from rapid, continuous firing as to make in impossible for them to continue firing longer with safety to themselves. We were relived at this position by the Nineteenth Kentucky, the Forty-seventh retiring a few paces to the gully formed by Willow Creek.

The firing having entirely ceased, and the enemy routed at this point, the Forty-Seventh stacked arms in the hollow a few paces to the rear of Willow Creek, and, being exhausted by the previous night's march and the heat and fatigues of the day, was resting, when suddenly a well directed volley from the enemy, who had skulked up under cover of the bushes upon the crest of the hill, informed us that the battle was not yet over. We immediately formed a few paces to the rear, under cover of the ravine. We were then ordered to advance to the same position (the bed of the stream), which position we held for the remainder of the day without hearing further from the enemy.

During the entire day the conduct of both officers and men under my command was most admirable; coolness and presence of mind was that of veterans.

Total killed, wounded, and MISSING, 27. *

All of which si respectfully submitted.

JOHN A. McLAUGHLIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, comdg. Forty-seventh Regiment Indiana Infantry.

Colonel JAMES R. SLACK,

Comdg. SECOND Brigadier, TWELFTH Div., Thirteenth Army Corps.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 583.

---------------

