
a few shots with the Peoria Battery and the 20-pounders, formed his brigade into column of attack and charged on the enemy; the Thirty-THIRD and Ninety-NINTH Illinois Regiments, of the First Brigade, also charging as soon as they saw the SECOND Brigade start.

The enemy were completely routed, and fled in confusion across Black River with a few pieces of artillery, leaving, however, 18 guns, 5 stand of colors, 1,421 small-arms, and 1,751 prisoners in our possession.

In this action I lost: Killed, 19; wounded 223; MISSING, 1. Total, 243. *

The next day we moved on 8 mile, to within 4 miles of Vicksburg. The next day we moved up near the enemy's works. My DIVISION was in reserve, but got near enough to suffer some casualties.

On the 20th, my DIVISION relieved that of General Smith, on the advance.

On the evening of the 21st, we were ordered to attack the enemy at 10 o'clock next morning, at which time there was to be a general charge along the whole line.

My DIVISION was to be supported by that of General Smith; Benton's brigade by Burbridge's, and Lawler's by Landram's. General Smith's DIVISION behaved admirably, and did all that men could do to achieve success. The One hundred and thirtieth Illinois was assigned to Lawler's brigade in place of the Twenty-THIRD Iowa, detached with prisoners. My two brigades moved forward promptly at the appointed time, and planted their colors on the outer slopes of the basins, which they attacked, but were unable to make a lodgment inside the enemy's works. They, however, with the two brigades of Smith's DIVISION, parts of which were also on the enemy's works, held their position under a wasting fire for nine hours, until after dark, when they were ordered to retire.

About 5 o'clock in the afternoon, two brigades of General Quinby's DIVISION were placed at my disposal. I sent one to support the right, under General Burbridge, who was sorely pressed, but it retreated in confusion as soon as it got under the enemy's fire. The other, under Colonel Boomer, was sent forward with the hope of driving the enemy from the curtain between the salients attacked by my two brigade, and thereby gaining a permanent lodgment, but it was too late; the enemy had been enabled to withdraw forces from other points, had seen Quinby's DIVISION moving in this direction, and was so strongly re-enforced that he had three lines behind his works. The gallant Boomer was killed, and his brigade found in impossible to go beyond the first ravine.

In this action I lost 109 killed, 559 wounded, and 57 MISSING;

total, 725.

I would respectfully state that it is impossible to give exactly the figures required in the letter above referred to. The distances marched on different days, together with the time of marching, are given as nearly as possible in the body of the report.

The numbers of killed and wounded follow the account of each battle. The total number of killed is 171; wounded, 1,006; MISSING, 58; the latter being mostly wounded and taken prisoners, or killed and not found during the last contest.

We captured a good many prisoners, who were immediately passed to the rear, not counted. We captured ammunition, which was 22 immedi-

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 584.

---------------

