
him on the left; the TWELFTH DIVISION was advanced to support, and with a rush the enemy was routed from his position.

The Eighteenth Indiana, colonel H. D. Washburn, has the distinguished honor of capturing a regimental flag, on which are inscribed the names of four battle-fields, and, with the Ninety-NINTH Illinois, colonel G. W. K. Bailey, and some of the Thirty-fourth and Forty-sixth Indiana, of capturing two of the enemy's guns. This success was the result of the splendid fighting of the whole DIVISION, which provided the opportunity.

After the enemy took up his new position, the SECOND Brigade was very severely engaged on the left our line for a long time, and behaved with distinguished gallantry. It subsequently took up a position across the valley in the timber, very near the enemy, where two regiments (the Twenty-first and Twenty-THIRD Iowa) remained until after dark.

The First Brigade went to the relief of General McGinnis' brigade, and the Eighth Indiana distinguished itself by driving the enemy from a strong position and taking in for themselves.

Coming from Missouri, where you had endured great hardships during the last winter, you were honored by being placed at the head of the grand Army of the Mississippi, and you have proved yourselves well worthy of that honor. You have encountered and defeated the same men against whom we have so long contended in Missouri and Arkansas, and

you have added another wreath to those you won at Blackwater, Blackwell's Station, Fredericton, Pea Ridge, Round Hill, Hurstville, Haynes' Bluff, and Post of Arkansas, and I am sure you will go on with your glorious achievements till the demon of rebellion shall be destroyed, and our land shall once more rejoice in the blessings of peace and prosperity.

While we mourn our fallen comrades, we cannot forget that they have offered up their lives for the noblest of purposes - that of preserving to their country a Government at once free and stable, which shall give, in conjunction with the largest liberty to the citizen, the greatest security for his life and property. To their friends and to our wounded comrades we tender our sympathies, and hope that time and the thought of what they suffer for will soothe their pain and sorrow.

The loss of the First Brigade was, killed, 26; wounded, 143; that of the SECOND Brigade, killed, 15; wounded, 79; total, 263. This comprises only men put hors du combat. Scratches not reported.

Where all have dome their duty it is invidious to make distinctions, but the conduct of some individuals seems to merit special mention, even at the risk of leaving out deserving men whose names have not been reported to me. These shall receive their due credit as soon as I am informed of their merits.

Brigadier General William P. Benton distinguished himself for daring gallantry and good management during the whole battle. Indiana continues to be glorified by her sons. Colonel C. L. Harris, eleventh Wisconsin, though he had been obliged to give up the command of his brigade on account of illness, was on the field and shared the dangers. Colonel William M. Stone, Twenty-SECOND Iowa, who succeeded to the command of the SECOND Brigade, took his place with the extreme advance guard at night, during the advance on the enemy; exposed himself freely, and exerted himself so much that he became completely exhausted in the afternoon, and was obliged to relinquish the command do Colonel Samuel Merrill, Twenty-first Iowa, for about an hour. By his bravery and admirable management of his brigade, he reflects more honor on his noble State. Captain George S. Marshall, assistant adjutant-general, first

