
Brigade, and Captain L. H. Whittlesey, acting assistant adjutant-general, SECOND Brigade, distinguished themselves through the whole battle, and exposed themselves freely.

The regiments and batteries all showed great gallantry, and their commanders good management.

The list is as follows: Eighth Indiana, Colonel David Shunk; Eighteenth Indiana, Colonel H. D. Washburn; Thirty-THIRD Illinois, Colonel C. E. Lippincott; Ninety-NINTH Illinois, Colonel G. W. K. Bailey; First Indiana Battery, Captain Klauss; Eleventh Wisconsin, Lieutenant Colonel C. A. Wood; Twenty-first Iowa, Colonel Samuel Merrill, first in battle and one of the last to leave the field (Colonel Merrill received a contusion from a shell); Twenty-SECOND Iowa, Major J. B. Atherton; Twenty-THIRD Iowa, Lieutenant Colonel S. L. Glasgow, with its gallant young commander, behaved admirably; First Iowa Battery, Captain H. H. Griffiths.

Major Thomas J. Brady commanded the skirmishers of the First Brigade.

Private Noah C. Haynes, Company K, Eighth Indiana, made a reconnaissance within the enemy's lines in the night.

Major L. H. Potter, with four companies of the Thirty-THIRD Illinois Infantry, engaged the enemy on the left in the morning, holding him in check till the arrival of General Osterhaus' DIVISION.

Captain W. S. Charles, Company H, Eighteenth Indiana, was the first man to jump on the enemy's guns.

Lieutenant D. E. Adams, adjutant Eighteenth Indiana, passed twice through the hottest of the enemy's fire to conduct re-enforcements.

Private Amos Naghle, Company K, Eighth Indiana, captured colorbearer with flag bearing inscription of four battles.

Captain J. C. Dinsmore, Ninety-NINTH Illinois Infantry, seized one of the enemy's 12-pounder howitzers, turned it, and fired at him his own charge.

Lieutenant-Colonel Dunlap. Twenty-first Iowa, commanded the skirmishers, and Major Van Anda, of the same regiment, commanded the support of the howitzer in advance of the SECOND Brigade.

Company B, Twenty-first Iowa, Captain Crooke, received the first fire of the rebel pickets, and returned in with great coolness.

Serg. B. Kirst, Company E, Twenty-first Iowa, captured a rebel orderly, carrying dispatches.

Serg. William R. Liebert, First Iowa Battery, who was mentioned for gallantry and good conduct at Pea Ridge, was (with his piece) on advance guard during the night's march, behaved with the greatest coolness and spirit, and was seriously wounded.

To the following named medical staff we are under the deepest obligation. Rarely have troops in battle the good fortune to be provided with such an abundance of professional skill, administrative ability, medial director; Surg. William H. White, Twenty-SECOND Iowa, chief of operation corps; Surg. W. L. Orr, Twenty-first Iowa, principal of field hospital; Surg. A. P. Daughters, Eighteenth Indiana, principal of primary hospital, First Brigade, and Assistant Surgeon Gordon, Eighteenth Indiana, principal of primary hospital, SECOND Brigade.

The following named officers were wounded: Captain Judson B. Tyler, Company A, Eighteenth Indiana, severely; First Lieutenant Joseph Hutchinson, Company D, Eighteenth Indiana, severely; First Lieutenant Daniel S. Place, Company G, Eighteenth Indiana, severely; First Lieutenant J. W. Way, Company G, Eighth Indiana, slightly; SECOND Lieutenant Allen O. Neff, Company G, Eighth Indiana, Slightly; Lieutenant-Colonel Dunlap, Twenty-first Iowa, in the foot; Lieutenant D. P. Ballard, Company A,

