
plished most handsomely, at a double-quick, over the most difficult ground. So promptly and splendidly was the movement executed, under a galling fire of shell and musketry, that I was at a loss which most to admire, their valor or the efficiency of their drill. In the mean time "Old Rough-and-Ready" Number 2, Colonel Bailey, commanding the Ninety-NINTH Illinois, was ordered forward, which was executed with cheer on cheer at a double-quick. Our new line was formed with the Eighth Indiana, colonel Washburn, whose left was resting near the Magnolia Church, and his whole regiment immediately in front of the enemy's battery. Now came the "tug of war" in good earnest. I soon found that the odds were largely against us, and that the enemy were making the most desperate efforts to turn our left flank, thus cutting us off from our support. I immediately dispatched Captain Marshall for re-enforcements, and did all in my power to stimulate the men to heroic action, and right nobly did they respond.

For at least two hours, single-handed, the First Brigade fought three brigades of the enemy, giving him volley for volley with interest. Three times did he form to charge us, and as often was he hurled back, discomfited by the well-directed aim of the brave lads of Illinois and Indiana. We had already driven the enemy over hill-top and through ravine for a full quarter of a mile, never yielding one inch ourselves. At length the anxiously looked for succor came. We were all, officers and men, glad to know that it was composed of a part of the veteran troops of the gallant General A. P. Hovey's DIVISION, and the sequel proved that we were not mistaken in our estimate of their courage. No sooner had they come upon the ground - before I had fully completed my arrangements - than some one, unknown to me, gave the order "charge," which was execute with the wildest enthusiasm, the men of my brigade vying with their friends of Hovey's DIVISION who should first reach the enemy.

The result of this splendid charge was the complete rout of the enemy, the capture of the two 12-pounder howitzers, and at least one flag. The is was not the work exclusively of Generals Carr's or Hovey's DIVISIONS. It was the joint work of both, and in, my humble judgment, herein is glory enough and to spare for both DIVISIONS. Our whole command are at a loss for words to express their admiration for the noble and gallant bearing of the officers and men of General Hovey's DIVISION. To borrow the expression of another when speaking of General Hovey,"There is no discount on his pluck," while the praises of General McGinnis and Colonel Slack, Colonel Cameron, of the Thirty-fourth Indiana, colonel Macauley, of the Eleventh Indiana, and, in da word, all of them, were upon the tongues of all.

At the same time it is due to the truth of history to state that the Eighteenth Indiana, whose mortality list is larger than any other regiment engaged, and the Ninety-NINTH Illinois, were in the charge; that Captain Charles, of Company H, of the former, was the first to jump upon one of the cannon and claim it as his trophy. Amos Nagle, private, of Company K, also captured the color-bearer and the colors of the Fifteenth Arkansas, inscribed with the battle-fields of Oak Hill, Elkhorn, Corinth, and Hatchie Bridge.

All this time, from first to last, the indefatigable First Indiana Battery, in charge of the brave Klauss, was pouring shot and shell into the enemy, firing, in all, 1,050 rounds at point-blank range. The entire line of my brigade was now advanced through the woods, and, moving

