
by the right flank, passed up the road in quick pursuit of the fleeing rebels Arriving in front of the SECOND position taken by the rebels, we were halted to rest.

During the afternoon, at the request of General McGinnis, I ordered the Eighth Indiana to the right of our new line, to support the Twenty-NINTH Wisconsin, which was being hotly pressed with great slaughter. Well did the old Eighth sustain its high reputation under the lead of the veteran Colonel Shunk. Forming under a heavy fire, within 75 yards of the enemy, they at once charged, and drove the enemy from the brow of the hill, completely turning the tables on him, and punishing him severely. Indeed, just as the Eighth had exhausted their ammunition, had been ordered to the rear. Thus we remained till late in the afternoon, when an order was received to go to the support of General Osterhaus, on the extreme left.

While in the prompt execution of this order, I encountered one form General Grant, to remain where I was for the present, General Osterhaus having driven the rebels. Accordingly, the men had just lighted their camp-fires to prepare some supper, when still another order came, sending us back on the field of battle, where we slept on our arms during the night.

When the facts are stated, that after two weeks dragging through the mud and crossing bayous in old scows and skiffs, on the morning of the 30th ultimo, at 3 o'clock, we arose from a sleep which had been disturbed by the bursting of shells from Grand Gulf, which vainly endeavored to sink our transports at they defiantly ran the blockade; and in the afternoon, landing below on the Mississippi shore, the First Brigade formed at once and pushed 4 miles back to gain and hold the hills, while the rest of the troops stopped to draw and distribute their rations. We had left a detail who carried ours upon their backs 4 miles to us. To see a stout-hearted fellow trudging along through the broiling sun with a box of crackers on his shoulders, weighing 100 pounds, claimed at once your admiration and sympathy.

Not waiting for all of our rations to come up, we again took up our line of march till about midnight, when the enemy opened on us. We fought him till 3 a. m.

At 6 o'clock the next morning we went at him again and fought him all day long, and finally whipped him most handsomely.

During all this time no one faltered, nor did I hear one word of complaint, under such circumstances, to obey the order literally. To mention all who distinguished themselves, I should be compelled to attach and make a part of this report, already too long, the muster-rolls of my entire brigade.

I have already mad honorable mention of Colonel Shunk, Eighth Indiana; Colonel Washburn, Eighteenth Indiana; Colonel Bailey, Ninety-NINTH Illinois, Colonel Lippincott, Thirty-THIRD Illinois, and Major Brady, who commanded the skirmishers, each and all of whom are brave and competent. I am deeply indebted to my staff officers for their intelligent bravery and promptness in bearing my orders to all parts of the field; To Captain George S. Marshall, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Joseph P. Wiggins, adjutant Eighth Indiana and acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Jesse E. Scott, Company C, eighth Indiana, acting quartermaster, and Lieutenant William R. Irwin, Company A, Eight Indiana, acting commissary, all of whom were under fire from the beginning to

