
Captain J. M. Harrison, of Company C, being the only commissioned officer of his company, although advanced in years and in feeble health, at once volunteered to take the advance, and, with his company and Company K, commanded by Captain Voorhees, performed this dangerous duty faithfully.

During the severe and continued firing of May 1, so generally and heartily were my orders obeyed by officers and men that I am at a loss to give particulars. Captains Boardman and Watson have my warmest thanks. They are cool and brave officers. I can say the same of all the other officers whose names have been mentioned. Many incidents of courage and bravery could be spoken of, but it would render this report entirely too long.

It is but just to say that the T-first remained for two hours in the rear of the Eighty-first Ohio, to support that regiment in making a charge on the enemy's batteries, but, for some reason, I regret to say, abandoned.

My regiment remained on the field after all had retired, and it was nearly 8 o'clock before we camped for the night, thus showing that we were first in battle and last to leave the field.

I am under many obligations to my field officers and staff for their faithfulness and aid.

Lieutenant-Colonel Dunlap received a wound in the foot. My own horse was shot in several places, and a portion of my saddle shot off.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

SAMUEL MERRILL,

Colonel Twenty-first Regiment Iowa Infantry.

Colonel W. M. STONE,

Twenty-SECOND Iowa, Commanding Brigade.

Number 21. Report of Major Joseph B. Atherton, Twenty-SECOND Iowa Infantry. CAMP near ROCKY SPRINGS, MISS., May 7, 1863.

SIR: I herewith report to you the action of the Twenty-SECOND Iowa in the battle before Port Gibson on the 1st instant.

You having been called upon to command the SECOND Brigade, to which we are attached, the command of the regiment devolved upon me.

On the evening of the 30th ultimo, on our march toward Port Gibson, after our advance guard became engaged with the enemy, I received an order from you to hurry my regiment forward and form it in line on the left, our artillery then hotly engaged with the rebel batteries. This order was promptly obeyed, and the men came up quickly and in good order, forming at the point designated. We were then under the enemy's fire, yet my men manifested great coolness and self possession. We remained in line for two hours, in support of the batteries, until the battle ceased for the night, and we laid down upon our arms, but not to sleep, as we were in momentary expectation of a renewal of the combat.

Soon after sunrise we were again in line, and under the enemy's fire in support of our batteries until near 10 o'clock, when we were led forward to charge on the rebel lines. This movement was executed with

