
forward and take the place of General McClernand's troops as fast as they advanced. In pursuance of this object, the SECOND Brigade, Seventh DIVISION, was moved to Richmond on April 18, and the First on the 23rd .

On April 24, orders were received from department headquarters to march my command to New Carthage.

Colonel Boomer's brigade, Seventh DIVISION, was ordered to march at 5 a. m. on the 25th, to be followed by the THIRD DIVISION,

Major-General Logan commanding, at 6 a. m. the day following.

Orders were at the same time sent to the First and SECOND Brigades at Richmond to move toward Smith's plantation, 3 miles from New Carthage, on the morning of the 25th.

These orders were promptly executed by officers and men, and the whole command was in motion at the appointed times.

The THIRD DIVISION bivouacked on the road near Smith's plantation, and the Seventh DIVISION at a plantation a short distance in the rear, on the evening of the 26th.

At Smith's plantation (headquarters of the department), orders were received for the THIRD and Seventh DIVISIONS to march to Perkins' plantation, on the Mississippi River, some 8 miles below New Carthage, and distant from Smith's plantation, by the route we were compelled to take, some 15 miles. The Sixth DIVISION was left to guard the lines of communication from Milliken's Bend to Perkins' plantation, 43 miles.

Heavy rains had rendered the roads across the rich alluvial bottoms on the Louisiana side almost impassable, and it was only by the most strenuous exertions on the part of the men, and by doubling teams, that the artillery and trains could be got along. This was, however, success fully accomplished, and the THIRD DIVISION reached Perkins' plantation at 9 a. m. on the 28th instant.

At this point orders were received to march to Hard Times Landing, nearly opposite and a short distance above Grand Gulf. At 12 o'clock the same night the DIVISION started on the march, via Lake Saint Joseph, and reached Hard Times Landing at 4 p. m. of the 29th, bivouacked for the night, and at 5 a. m. of the 30th started for the point of embarkation below Grand Gulf, and crossed over to Bruinsburg, just below the mouth of Bayou Pierre, the First and THIRD Brigades, THIRD DIVISION, Brigadier General John E. Smith and John D. Stevenson commanding, and the Eighth Michigan Battery, Captain De Golyer commanding, immediately after General McClernand's command, followed as rapidly as river transportation would admit, by the SECOND Brigade, Brigadier-General Dennis commanding, the remainder of the artillery, ammunition train, and the Seventh DIVISION.

A most unfortunate collision between the steamboats Horizon and Moderator, about 3 a. m. May 1, between the place of embarkation and Bruinsburg, by which the former boat was lost, together with Captain Sparrestrom's battery, a few horses, and 3 men, delayed very materially the embarkation of the SECOND Brigade and the remainder of the artillery of the THIRD DIVISION.

Immediately after disembarking, the First and THIRD Brigades, with De Golyer's battery, were pushed out toward Port Gibson to the support of Major-General McClernand, who had already engaged the enemy near Port Gibson, under command of Major-General Bowen. Heavy and rapid firing had been heard for several hours, indicating clearly that a battle was in progress, and the men moved forward with promptness and alacrity, notwithstanding the intense heat, anxious to take part in the contest. On reaching tho ground,

Major-General Grant directed me

