
the send one brigade to the support of General McClernand's left and one to the support of his right. As I had but two brigades of my command on the field - the First and THIRD - the First Brigade, General John E. Smith, was sent to the left, and the THIRD Brigade, General John D. Stevenson, to the right. Major-General Logan, commanding DIVISION, was directed to go with the brigade to the right and I went with the brigade to the left.

As soon as the position of the enemy could be definitely ascertained, and the ground reconnoitered, the brigade was thrown in on the left of Brigadier-General Osterhaus' DIVISION, with directions to advance the left, and, if possible, outflank the enemy. This movement was perfectly successful, though the impracticable nature of the country (full of deep ravines and canebrakes) retarded the movement more than I could have wished, and prevented us from reaping the full fruits of the victory. As it was, however, a gallant charge by the First Brigade on the flank and Brigadier-General Osterhaus' DIVISION in front soon drove the enemy from their strong position on the left, and sent them back in a precipitate retreat toward Port Gibson.

The THIRD Brigade, under Brigadier-General Stevenson, on the right, was equally fortunate, and shortly before sunset the rebels were routed on all parts of the field. A pursuit was immediately ordered on the left-hand road, and kept up by Brigadier General John E. Smith's brigade and one regiment of Osterhaus' DIVISION until after dark, when the command was halted within 2 miles of Port Gibson.

At an early hour the next morning the command was put in motion, the First and SECOND Brigades, THIRD DIVISION, entering Port Gibson about 9 o'clock, preceded by the DIVISIONS of Generals Carr and A. J. Smith, of McClernand's corps. The town had been evacuated by the enemy during the night, and the fine suspension bridge across the south fork of Bayou Pierre, on the Grand Gulf road, destroyed.

Measures were immediately taken by Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson, of Major-General Grant's staff, and Captain Tresilian, engineer of the THIRD DIVISION, assisted by the pioneer corps of the DIVISION and troops from General McClernand's corps, to construct a bridge across the south fork of Bayou Pierre.

While waiting the construction of a bridge, General Stevenson's brigade was moved down near the crossing of Bayou Pierre, on the Grand Gulf road, to engage the attention of the enemy, who were strongly posted on the hills on the northern side. In the mean time, Brigadier General John E. Smith's brigade and that of

Brigadier-General Dennis were marched up on the WEST side of the south fork of Bayou Pierre about 4 miles to a ford, and crossed over, moving down on the east side in a northeast direction until they reached the main Jackson road.

At 4 p. m. the bridge was completed, and the Seventh DIVISION, under the command of Brigadier General M. M. Crocker, took the advance, followed by the THIRD Brigade of Logan's DIVISION, and, after coming up with them, by the First and SECOND Brigades. Marched 8 miles to north fork of Bayou Pierre, and found the suspension bridge, a fine structure, partially destroyed, the fire still burning. The fire was put out and the bridge repaired during the night.

At daylight the next morning Logan's DIVISION, in the advance, crossed the bridge, followed by Crocker's. Shortly after crossing the bridge, and near Willow Springs Post-Office, the enemy was met advantageously posted on a commanding ridge, and opened on our advancing column with artillery. The column was immediately deployed, a heavy line of skirmishers thrown forward, and Crocker's DIVISION hastened across the

