
the bayonet, and charged gallantly up the hill. The enemy did not wait to receive the full force of the charge, but broke and fled precipitately, followed by our troops for 1 1/2 miles, until we were within range of the artillery from the defenses at Jackson. MacMurray's and Dillon's batteries, following close after our infantry, were wheeled into the first advantageous position, and opened a well-directed and affective fire upon the retreating enemy. Having reached this point, the troops were halted and lines reformed, as they had become somewhat broken marching over the rough ground.

Skirmishers were immediately thrown out to the front, and officers sent to reconnoiter the enemy's position and defenses, who in a short time returned, reporting the works evacuated. The troops were immediately moved forward into the defenses, and orders sent to General Stevenson to push his brigade across to the Canton road, if possible, and cut off the enemy's retreat. This was about 3 p. m. Colonel Sanborn was directed to send the flag of one of his regiments which had borne itself most gallantly in the battle and place it on the capitol of the State of Mississippi, and shortly before 4 o'clock the flag of the FIFTY-NINTH Indiana was proudly waving from the dome. Sherman's command entered about the same time from the WEST and south WEST.

The results of this victory were the capture of Jackson with seventeen pieces of artillery, the destruction of the railroads, manufacturing establishments, army stores, &amp;c., and a loss to the enemy, in killed, wounded, and prisoners, of 845 men. Our loss in killed was 37; in wounded and MISSING, 228.

Crocker's DIVISION encamped within the enemy's intrenchments on the night of the 14th, and Logan's DIVISION between the battle-field and the city.

On the 15th, at 5 a. m., Logan's DIVISION started for Bolton, followed by Crocker's at 7 a. m., with instructions to march as far as he could by 4 p. m., when he would select a good place and go into camp.

Shortly before 4 o'clock, the advance came up with Hovey's DIVISION, of McClernand's corps, and went into camp on Baker's Creek, two brigades on the WEST side and one on the east.

Holmes' brigade, of Crocker's DIVISION, was left at Clinton for the night, and the remaining two brigades marched on and went into camp 2 miles east of Logan's DIVISION, on the main road.

At 6 a. m. on the 16th, Major-General McClernand notified me that the enemy, under Lieutenant-General Pemberton, had moved out in strong force from Vicksburg to attack us, and that his (McClernand's) columns were already in motion to meet him.

Orders were immediately given to General Logan to follow Hovey, and Crocker was directed to come forward as rapidly as possible with his whole DIVISION. After proceeding about 5 miles, and when near Champion's Hill, General Hovey sent back word that he had met the enemy in force, strongly posted on the Edwards Depot road.

The road at this point bears to the south, passing over a high commanding hill, and then makes a short turn to the WEST. This hill was bald, giving the enemy a commanding point for his artillery, and was really the key of the position.

The enemy's right was on and in the vicinity of this hill, his center and left bearing off in the direction of Edwards Depot through a piece of woods and behind a rail-fence on the crest of a ridge, with woods in his rear and open fields in front. General Hovey's DIVISION was immediately deployed in line of battle to move against the hill, supported on the right by Leggett's (late Dennis') and Smith's brigades.

