
and east the railroad bridge. Ransom's brigade, of McArthur's DIVISION, now came up, and was ordered to construct a bridge across the Big Black for the passage of his brigade and Logan's DIVISION. Ransom's was a solid raft bridge of timber, and Quinby's was built of timber and cotton bales. Both were completed at an early hour on the 18th, and the command crossed over, with the exception of Sanborn's brigade, which was direct to remain and guard the bridges and prisoners until Holmes came up.

After crossing the river, the command moved in a northwest direction on a plantation road until the Bridgeport and Vicksburg road was reached, when that became our line of march, following Sherman's corps. Ransom's brigade arrived before Vicksburg just after dark, and took a position on Sherman's left, Logan's and Quinby's bivouacking on the road, where there was water.

The next morning (the 19th) they came up. Logan was placed on the left of Ransom, Leggett's brigade in reserve, and Quinby on the left of Logan, Holmes' brigade in reserve, and the siege of Vicksburg commenced.

In bringing this report to a close, I cannot express in words my admiration of the officers and men of my command who were engaged in this short but active and brilliant campaign. Their unswerving patriotism, patient endurance, and heroic determination have carried them through without a murmur, and won for them imperishable renown. Marching for a distance of over 200 miles through an enemy's country in the short space of eighteen days, without tents, and barely transportation enough to carry ammunition, the major part of the time without rations except such as could be procured from the country, fighting of taking part in five distinct battles, besides almost daily skirmishing, they have shown what soldiers can do when firmly resolved never to see their country's flag dishonored.so well, it is impossible for me to discriminate.

To Major General John A. Logan and Brigadier General M. M. Crocker, commanding DIVISIONS; Brigadier General John E. Smith, John D. Stevenson, m. D. Leggett,

Elias S. Dennis, and Colonels John B. Sanborn, George B. Boomer, and Samuel A. Holmes, commanding brigades, I am especially indebted for the able and spirited manner in which they performed their duties.

The members of my personal staff - Lieutenant Colonel William T. Clark, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel William E. Strong, assistant inspector-general; Major L. S. Willard, Captains G. R. Steele and D. H. Gile, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel James Wilson, THIRTEENTH Iowa Infantry, provost-marshal; Lieutenant Colonel a. m. Powell, chief of artillery; Major Daniel Chase, THIRTEENTH U. S. Infantry; Surg. J. H. Boucher, medical director; Surg. F. Lloyd, SIXTEENTH Iowa Infantry; Captain A. Hickenlooper, chief of engineers; Lieutenant J. W. Mong, THIRD Ohio Battery, ordnance officer; Lieutenant K. Know, THIRTEENTH U. S. Infantry, commissary of musters; Lieutenant J. D. Vernay, Eleventh Illinois Infantry, acting aide-de-camp--all distinguished themselves, and deserve the thanks of a grateful people. Zealous and earnest, they were ever in the work when duty required, and ready to share the post of danger.

Signal officers - Captain L. M. Rose (chief signal officer), Eleventh Illinois Infantry; Captain [H. W. B.] Hoyt, One hundred and THIRTEENTH Illinois Infantry; First Lieutenant G. H. McNary, Tenth Pennsylvania Reserve Corps; First Lieutenant T. C. Morris, Company H, Forty-FIFTH Regiment Illinois Infantry; SECOND Lieutenant T. C. Withers, Company H,

41 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. I

