
Twenty-fourth Regiment Indiana Infantry - rendered most important services on the various battle-fields, watching and reporting the movements of the enemy, and freely exposed themselves to danger when necessity required.

Captain A. Hickenlooper, FIFTH Ohio Battery, and chief engineer of the corps, deserves special mention for his ability, untiring energy, and skill in making reconnaissances, maps of the routes passed over, superintending the rapids and construction of bridges,&amp;c., exposing himself constantly night and day, and merits some substantial recognition of his services.

Appended please find tabular statement of losses in the various engagements. * For details, reference will be had to the accompanying DIVISION and brigade reports.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Chief of Staff, DEPT. of the Tennessee.

Number 23. Report of Major General John A. Logan, U. S. Army, commanding THIRD DIVISION, including operations April 25 - May 19.

HDQRS. THIRD DIV., SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, In Field, near Vicksburg, MISS., May 26, 1863

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my command in the several marches against and the engagements with the enemy since leaving our camp at Milliken's Bend, La., on April 25:

In compliance with special orders, I left Milliken's Bend with my command on the morning of April 25, marching a distance of 9 1/2 miles to Richmond, on Roundaway Bayou, encamping near the town.

On the night of April 26, my command encamped at Good Hope plantation, 10 miles from my last encampment, in a heavy rain, which continued all day.

Early on the morning of the 28th, I again moved forward, and en camped near Hard Times Landing, on the Mississippi River, below Vicksburg, and 13 miles from the camp of the night of the 27th.

At 1 o'clock on the morning of the 29th, in pursuance of orders, I moved forward on the road to Hard Scrabble Landing, and encamped near that place, having marched on that day 19 miles.

On the 30th, I moved to a point on the WEST side of the river below Grand Gulf, MISS., when, on the afternoon and night of that day, the First and THIRD Brigades of my DIVISION, commanded by Brigadier Generals John E. Smith and John D. Stevenson, respectively, were taken on transports, and landed across the river at a landing 10 miles below Grand Gulf, known as Bruinsburg. The SECOND Brigade, brigadier General Elias S. Dennis commanding, crossed the river on the morning of May 1.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statements, pp. 584,705,750, and Part II, p. 9.

---------------

