
and canister upon the enemy, compelling him to retire under cover of brush and timber. The admirable manner in which this battery was handled reflects the highest credit upon Major Stolbrand, my chief of artillery, and Captain De Golyer, commanding the battery.

At this time General Burbridges' informed General Stevenson that there was a gap in his lines, which was immediately occupied by the Eighty-first Illinois. The Eighth Illinois, with their front well protected by skirmishers, was ordered to advance upon the enemy and dislodge him from the strong position which he held in front of our lines. The order was executed with great skill and bravery, and the enemy was driven back with great loss. It was at this time Colonel Post, of the Eighth Illinois, m on the plea of fatigue, asked permission to retire from the field, although unhurt. The Seventh Missouri Infantry was ordered to form on the right of the Eighth Illinois Infantry (their right resting on the left of General Burbridge's line, which was unsupported), under a heavy fire, in order to dislodge the enemy in our front. This was done after a short though severe contest.

In obedience to orders from superior headquarters, the THIRD Ohio Battery, Captain Williams commanding, and Battery L, SECOND Illinois Light Artillery, Captain Bolton commanding, were left at Hard Times Landing. The scarcity of transportation detained Battery D, First Illinois Light Artillery, Captain Rogers commanding, on the Louisiana side of the river until a late hour in the afternoon of the day of the engagement. The troops, during the whole time engaged, acted with the utmost bravery, driving the enemy at all points.

Near nightfall the enemy were in full retreat, and I might say in total rout. The SECOND Brigade, under General Dennis, having arrived near the close of the fight, was formed in rear of General Smith as a support, but did not become engaged. As soon as the enemy commenced retreating, I ordered the First Brigade in pursuit, which was followed by the SECOND Brigade. About 4 miles from the field of action, the enemy fired upon our advance, without, however, doing any injury whatever, although they were posted upon the crest of a hill in a splendid position. My line was instantly formed, and the fire returned, which caused the enemy to again retreat precipitately.

It being at this time after nightfall, and quite dark, my command was forhe crest of the hill where we had received the fire, which position we occupied during the night.

On the morning of the 2nd, the THIRD Brigade joined the remainder of the command, and we moved forward to Port Gibson, and entered the town while the bridges over Bayou Pierre were burning.

At about 8 o'clock, the First and SECOND Brigades were ordered forward on the Vicksburg road. They forded the bayou a few mile above the town, and moved around to within 3 miles of the place, on the opposite side of the bayou, finding no enemy, but securing a large amount of bacon, which was used by my command.

On the night of the 2nd, we bivouacked on the north fork of Bayou Pierre, within 2 miles of Willow Springs, where the enemy were reported to be in strong force behind fortifications.

After repairing the suspension bridge which the enemy had set on fire, we crossed at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd, expecting to meet with formidable resistance. The enemy, however, profiting by the lessen we had given him on May 1, fired only a few shots from a gun of small caliber and pursued his hasty retreat.

My escort company, with that of General McPherson, was sent forward to pick up stragglers from the retreating foe, and pursued him so

