
on the right of General Smith, and soon became hotly engaged with the enemy's left.

At the commencement of the engagement, De Golyer's (Eighth Michigan) battery was placed in position on each side of the main road and near a bridge across a ravine in which the infantry of the enemy was posted, and immediately engaged the enemy's artillery, which was posted on rising ground about 800 yards distant. After remaining in this position about an hour, this battery was remove, and placed in a new position on the left of the SECOND Brigade or extreme left of the DIVISION.

The ength great fury for at least two hours, during the first hour of which the enemy seemed to be concentrated upon the left of the First and right of the SECOND Brigades. During the engagement, the Eighth Illinois Infantry was detached from the THIRD Brigade and moved to the support of the Twentieth Illinois Infantry, which had penetrated to the ravine, where they charged the enemy with bayonets and materially aided the First Brigade in dislodging him, Rogers' battery of 24-pounder howitzers was placed in position during the most severe part of the engagement, and did some most splendid execution, until the enemy was forced to retreat before the superior courage and gallantry of my command. Captain Williams' (THIRD Ohio) battery was ordered to a position on the left flank, but was only slightly engaged. He was placed in that position to prevent any flank movement which the enemy might contemplate in that direction.

In this engagement Colonel McCook, of the Thirty-first Illinois Infantry, was wounded in the foot, which compelled him to retire from the field. Lieutenant-Colonel Richards, Twentieth Illinois Infantry, while gallantly leading his regiment forward, was killed by a musketshot thorough the left breast.

It is impossible for me to give too much credit to the men engaged in the terrible conflict. Every officer and soldier did his duty most nobly. My command pressed the enemy back under a most galling fire, and crossed the creek over which we had been fighting by wading it. The enemy were soon in total rout. I pushed my command forward as rapidly as possible into Raymond, but the enemy had, by taking two roads, escaped only about twenty minutes before my advance reached the town. We then, in pursuance of orders, went into camp on the night of May 12.

On the morning of May 13, in obedience to orders, I moved forward in rear of General Crocker's DIVISION, on the Jackson road, and on that night bivouacked at Clinton, on the Vicksburg and Jackson Railroad.

My command moved forward on the next morning on the Jackson road, and in rear of General Crocker's DIVISION, which, when near that place, became engaged with the enemy. My command was immediately formed to support his column, which was advancing in line of battle. His first advance repulsed the enemy, and gave us possession of the city of Jackson. My command was not engaged that day. We encamped that night on the WEST side of the city.

On the morning of the 15th, pursuant to special orders, I left my encampment on the main road, 2 miles WEST of Jackson, and marched in the direction of Clinton. Leaving the Jackson road at this point, I proceeded on what is known as the Edwards Depot road a distance of 7 miles, and encamped on Turkey Creek, with my right and left resting on the road. Here my advance came up with General Hovey's DIVISION. The THIRD Brigade, General John D. Stevenson commanding, was brought up and formed upon General Hovey's left at a point crossing

