
the railroad leading from Raymond to Edwards Depot, where strong lines of pickets were thrown out connecting with General Hovey, to avoid any flank movement of the enemy. The First Brigade, General John E. Smith, was assigned a position on the right of the road, to support the Eighth Michigan Battery, Captain De Golyer, and Company D, First Illinois Light Artillery, both of which were placed on positions commanding the road. The SECOND Brigade, General E. S. Dennis commanding, was held as a reserve in the rear of General Stevenson.

On the following morning (the 16th instant), at 5 a. m., General M. D. Leggett, by the expiration of his leave of absence, having resumed command, vice General Dennis, relieved by special orders and required to report to General Quinby, commanding the Seventh DIVISION, followed up with his command directly in the rear of General Hovey's DIVISION. Proceeding a distance of 2 miles, I found General Hovey's command drawn up in line of battle, his right resting on the left main road, the enemy, as I learned, having been discovered in force strongly posted on a high ridge known as Champion's Hill, and apparently well supported by artillery. I caused the SECOND Brigade, General Leggett, with the Twentieth Ohio, Colonel Force commanding, and the Thirtieth Illinois Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Sheld commanding, constituting the advance line, to move forward and form on the right of General Hovey. The Eighth Michigan Battery, Captain De Golyer commanding, having been previously placed in position 200 yards in rear of General Leggett, Company A, of the Twentieth Ohio, and Company B, Thirtieth Illinois Infantry, were deployed as skirmishers. This order, under a sharp fire from the enemy, was promptly executed, General Leggett advancing, as directed, across a small ravine, and forming on General Hovey's right. The First Brigade, General Smith commanding, was ordered up in line, with the left resting on the right of General Leggett; Company D, First Illinois Light Artillery, Captain Rogers, occupied the right of General Smith. The THIRD Brigade, General John D. Stevenson commanding, was brought up and held as a reserve in the rear of the center of the two brigades, remaining in that position about one hour, during which time the First and SECOND Brigades engaged the enemy.

The THIRD Ohio Battery, Captain Williams, formed on a commanding ridge in rear of my lines, acting as a reserve. The SECOND Brigade, General Leggett, advanced to the attack in two lines, two battalions in the first and two battalions in the SECOND line, the SECOND line 200 yards in the rear of the first line.

The First Brigade, General Smith, also advanced in two lines, three battalions in the first line and two battalions in the SECOND line. The enemy were strongly posted in the outskirts of the timber, directly in my front, and were discovered in force behind the fence, from which, after a spirited resistance, they were compelled to retire into the woods. The enemy in front of General Smith's brigade occupied a ridge overlooking a deep ravine, covered with thick underbrush, rendering an advance exceedingly difficult. The engagement became general along the entire line, the enemy advancing and contesting the forward movement with great obstinacy. The First and SECOND Brigades were directed to charge which order, after a spirited engagement, was successfully carried out, causing the enemy to abandon his chosen position and retire under cover of a SECOND ridge. During this engagement General Stevenson's brigade moved up on General Smith's right, advancing across a deep ravine to prevent any flank movement of the enemy. By this time a battery had been planted by the enemy

