
on a high piece of ground in General Stevenson's front, for the purpose, as I suppose, of subjecting the First and SECOND Brigades to an enfilading fire. To counteract this movement, General Stevenson was ordered to swing around his right and charge upon the enemy. Crossing an almost impassable hollow, the THIRD Brigade, with the Eighty-first Illinois Infantry, Colonel J. J. Dollins commanding, and the Thirty-SECOND Ohio Infantry, Colonel B. F. Potts commanding, forming the advance line, moved up in good order, made a bayonet charge as instructed, drove the enemy from their guns, capturing the entire battery, consisting of five guns.

This brilliant movement, and the glorious results which followed it, speak volumes for the commanding general and his men. Too much credit cannot be awarded for such an exhibition of gallantry. General Stevenson having turned the left flank of the enemy, drove them into a position in front of General Smith's and Leggett's brigades, which in the mean time had engaged the enemy with a determination and courage displayed only by veteran troops.

The result of this engagement was the capture, by the Twentieth and One hundred and Twenty-fourth Illinois and Twenty-THIRD Indiana Infantry, of a battery consisting of six pieces of artillery and a large number of prisoners. The action of the First and SECOND Brigades, exposed to a raking fire of the enemy, protected by natural defenses, merits my warmest commendation. During the action, which lasted from 10 a. m. until late in the afternoon, the SECOND Brigade, General Leggett, held its position on General Hovey's right, although repeated efforts were made by the enemy to break through the left. The point occupied by General Leggett was selected by the enemy for a grand attack. The coolness and unflinching bravery evinced by this brigade, and the successful manner in which it repulsed a superior number of the enemy, cannot be too highly applauded. The contest was fiercely waged upon both sides, resulting in the retreat of the enemy. The respective batteries commanded by Captain De Golyer, Rogers and Williams, under the personal supervision of Major Stolbrand, rendered incalculable aid in effectually shelling the enemy wherever directed. The THIRD Brigade, General Stevenson commanding, in addition to the guns before enumerated, captured many prisoners, numbering 1,300 in all, who, in connection with those taken by the First and SECOND Brigades, were turned over to the provost-marshal of my DIVISION.

At 4 o'clock I received information of the enemy's retreat. General Stevenson's brigade, with De Golyer's battery, was pushed forward in pursuit. The brigade advanced upon the double-quick on the main road leading to Big Black River to a point 2 miles beyond the battle-field, shelling the enemy and spreading great consternation in his ranks. Night coming on, my command halted on the main road, distant 3 miles, from Big Black River Bridge.

To Captain De Golyer much credit is due for the energy displayed in performing the part assigned him by General Stevenson.

On the morning of the 17th, I moved forward a distance of 2 miles, and encamped on the right of the main road, 1 mile from Big Black River Bridge. Here I was detained until the morning of the 18th. A bridge having been constructed the night previous across Big Black River, I proceeded with my command on a cross-road intersecting the main Vicksburg and Bridgeport road at a point distant 3 miles from Big Black River. Was detained here some time to enable the rear of General Sherman's corps to pass, it having been assigned the advance

