
Illinois, to be occupied by De Golyer's battery, they being effectually protected by the infantry on their flanks and rear. As soon as the guns were in battery, they were run up by hand to the crest of the hill, and a most unexpected and terrible fire opened upon the enemy, dispersing their infantry from the ground in rapid flight, and drawing upon the battery the fire of the battery of the enemy. Then there commenced one of the fiercest artillery fights of the day, lasting more than an hour, and resulting in the complete silencing of the enemy's guns, their whole force retiring from the field, leaving whilst my attention was directed to this part of the field, which terminated the battle in our front. The brigades on my right had been retired to a line some Iowa regiment (the number not now recollected) entirely unsupported. Not being advised that this move was in contemplation, or knowing where the force was retired, I immediately ordered the Eighty-first and the other regiment to retire to a line which would place the entire command in the same position as to be readily and advantageously used. Finding the enemy had entirely retired from the field, and it now being nightfall, the entire command bivouacked on the ground.

During the entire day the men behaved with splendid spirit, and evinced those qualities that constitute a truly brave and reliable soldiery. To Colonels Dollins and Potts, Lieutenant-Colonel Sturgess, and Major Wakefield, commanding the several infantry regiments, the utmost praise is due for the promptness, coolness, and courage displayed by each. To Major Stolbrand, chief of artillery, and Captain De Golyer, Eighth Michigan Battery, and every man in the battery, the highest meed of praise is due. No officer in the field, under my observation, evinced more skill, caution, and courage than Captain De Golyer, and he and his men are worthy of special notice.

To my personal staff - Adjutant Whitehead, Lieutenant Callsen, SEVENTEENTH Illinois Infantry, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Williams, Eighth Illinois Volunteers, aide-de-camp - I am indebted for the promptness and accuracy with which they delivered all orders during the day, passing to all points of the field wherever required.

I herewith transmit the reports of the several subordinate commanders, containing accurate statements of the casualties of the day. Regretting the necessity of reporting any loss, I must attribute our small loss to the coolness and courage of the officers and men whilst under fire.

At daylight on the 2nd instant, the enemy being no longer in our immediate front, I moved my command on the main road in the direction of Port Gibson, about 1 mile from the town, under direction of Major General John A. Logan. I changed my line of march to a point on Bayou Pierre, where the enemy were in force, engaged in the destruction of road and railroad bridges, and being prepared to resist our farther advance. Upon careful examination of the ground, the Seventh Missouri Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Oliver, who, during the preceding night, had come up with the command, was deployed as skirmishers, and ordered to advance to the edge of the bayou and develop the force of the enemy. This order was executed in the finest style, and resulted in ascertaining the presence of a large force of the enemy, protected by rifle-pits and with twelve pieces of artillery in position. A most lively fire was kept up by our whole line of skirmishers, under the immediate direction of Lieutenant-Colonel, who was at all points of his line during the day. Finding the enemy thus strongly posted, Major-General Logan, being present, caused De Golyer's battery to be posted on the right of our line and a battery of 20-pounder

