
this officer and his regiment, I refer to his report, herewith inclosed, and fully substantiated by the reports of General Green and Colonel Garrott. The remaining regiments of this brigade, viz, the First (Colonel [A. C.] Riley) and SECOND (Lieutenant-Colonel [Pembroke S.] Senteny commanding), were conspicuous during the defense made at the Bayou Pierre Bridge, and as a portion of the rear guard which was so ably handled by Colonel Cockrell on our retreat from Grand Gulf to Hankinson's Ferry.

That portion of the artillery engaged, viz, [J. W.] Anderson's (Virginia) battery, one section of the Hudson, and section of Landis' battery, commanded, respectively, by Captain [J. W.] Johnston, Lieutenant [John R.] Sweaney, and Captain Landis, conducted themselves in the most commendable manner. The officers and men of the Anderson and Hudson Batteries stood to their pieces under the most withering fire, and fought until ammunition was exhausted and so many horses killed that one [officer] (Lieutenant Sweaney) had to leave his caissons, and the other (Captain Johnston) four of his pieces, which the men strove hard to drag off the field by hand.

Thanks are due to the officers of my staff, who displayed their usual zeal and courage on such occasions.

Our loss it will be seen by the returns heretofore forwarded, is: Killed, 68; wounded, 380; MISSING, 384. That of the enemy is estimated in their published accounts at about 2,000 in killed and wounded, some placing it as high as 2,500.

Among our gallant dead is numbered Brigadier-General Tracy, who fell early in the fight, but after giving signal proof of his ability as an officer and bravery as a man.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumber S. BOWEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding DIVISION.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, DEPT. of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

[Indorsement.]

RICHMOND, march 6, 1865.

These papers, to wit: Reports of Major-General Bowen, Brigadier General M. E. Green, Brigadier General W. E. Baldwin, Colonel F. M. Cockrell, Colonel E. Erwin, and Colonel I. W. Garrott, have only been found by me within the last three days among some old court-martial papers. I had never seen them before, but was informed at Demopolis, Ala., in August, 1863, that they had been sent in to my headquarters during the siege of Vicksburg. Captain [R. R.] Hutchinson, then (formerly assistant adjutant-general to Bowen) on duty with me, had a search made for them, but ineffectually. They are now respectfully forwarded to Adjutant and Inspector General's Office for file, with my official report of operations in Department of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General,&amp;c.

