
THIRD moving to the left to unmask the FIFTH, these regiments dashed upon and engaged the enemy at very close range for some forty minutes and drove back in confusion the line first engaging us. As often as one line was drive back, another of fresh troops was thrown in our front. When in became manifest that a continuance of the engagement could result in no advantage to us, these two regiments fell back and took their original position on the extreme left, having inflicted on the enemy a heavy blow which deterred him from attempting to pursue.

Captain [John C.] Landis, with a section of 24-pounder howitzers, and Guibor's battery engaged the enemy, and gallantly maintained their position until all their ammunition was expended.

Colonel Erwin, with his regiment, was hotly engaged and acted most praiseworthily, and I respectfully refer to his report, accompanying this, for the part taken by his regiment.

Retiring from the field about sundown, and arriving at the bridge across Bayou Pierre, Colonel Riley rejoined the brigade, and the First, THIRD, and FIFTH Infantry, Guibor's battery, and a section of Captain [J. W.] Johnston's battery rook position to prevent a crossing by the enemy, and during the night destroyed the bridge.

On the morning of the 2nd instant, the enemy advanced and deployed a regiment of skirmishers on the opposite side of the bayou, and immediately began and kept up a brisk fire during the entire day, and in the afternoon opened on us with two batteries, and kept up a heavy fire for one hour, all without damage to us. Our skirmishers replied with good effect. At 12 m. Colonel Erwin rejoined the brigade.

Our loss in the battle of Port Gibson in the THIRD, FIFTH, and Sixth Infantry, and Landis' and Guibor's batteries was: Killed, 13, wounded, 97, and MISSING, 96. For lists of killed, wounded, and MISSING in the different regiments and batteries, attention is respectfully called to the accompanying reports.

Among the dead we mourn the irreparable loss of Colonel William Wade, of artillery, in the battle of Grand Gulf, and Captain R. G. Stokely, Company A, FIFTH Missouri Infantry, at Port Gibson, both efficient, reliable, and chivalrous officers, who fell at the post of honor and danger, in the full discharge of their whole duty, regardless of personal safety, gallantly cheering their men. For the dead we shed tears - the true test of friendship; in our hearts we cherish their memories, and by our acts we will avenge their deaths.

In the evacuation of Grand Gulf this brigade, with a section of

12-pounder guns, under Lieutenant [John M.] Langan, marched in the rear, and on arriving at the cross-roads the First, SECOND, and THIRD Infantry and the section of artillery relieved Brigadier-General Tilghman's brigade, then engaging the enemy on the road rom Grindstone Ford to Hankinson's Ferry, and became engaged immediately, and successfully checked as long as desired every attempt of the enemy to advance, and then withdrew across Big Black River. Colonel Erwin and Lieutenant Walsh, with three Parrott guns, guarded the ferry during the night of the 3rd instant and a part of the 4th instant, and then marched in rear of our forces to Bovina.

Too much praise cannot be bestowed on the private soldiers of this brigade for their coolness, discretion, patient endurance, and chivalrous bearing during all these memorable events - under the fire of the enemy's iron-clads at close range, in the rapid march to the field of strife and duty; the THIRD and FIFTH Regiments in fearlessly charging a DIVISION of the Federal Army, and engaging such fearful odds so long; the Sixth Regiment in charging and driving back an immensely superior

