
MEMPHIS, TENN., March 28, 1863-4 p. m.

VIA CAIRO, March 31.

On Tuesday evening last, the rams Lancaster and Switzerland started to run the batteries at Vicksburg. The Lancaster had her bow carried away by a shot; was also hit amidships, and sank in twenty minutes. Whether any on board were saved is unknown. The Switzerland was also hit, but got through without serious damage, being taken in tow by the Albatross, which came under fire to her assistance. No news from Sherman's command nor from Yazoo Pass. A passenger train from Memphis to Jackson was captured by guerrillas near Moscow this morning at 10 o'clock. Forty persons were taken. The engineer cut loose, and got safely to Moscow with the locomotive.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 30, 1863.

C. A. DANA, Esq.,

Memphis, Tenn., via Cairo:

Your telegrams have been received, and although the information has been meager and unsatisfactory, I am conscious that arises from no fault of yours. You will proceed to General Grant's headquarters, or wherever you may be best able to accomplish the purposes designated by this Department. You will consider your movements to be governed by your own discretion without any restriction.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MEMPHIS, TENN., March 30, 1863-5 p. m.,

VIA CAIRO, ILL., April 1.

General Grant has sent for all steamboats that can be had, as if he intended to move the bulk of his army from its present position, and has ordered J. G. Lauman's DIVISION here to be held ready for instant movement. There boat-loads of Carr's men passed down to Helena on Saturday. No official news from below. An officer arrived here reports the crew of ram Lancaster escaped from that vessel in yawls as she sank, only two being lost by drowning. A report that ram Monarch had run batteries safely he pronounces untrue. No gunboats have entered Yazoo River from Porter's fleet. They can't force the passage from Deer Creek into the Sunflower. Porter himself, while reconnoitering a bayou in a small steamer, was caught by felling trees in his rear. Two regiments of infantry were sent out and extricated him.

The newspapers here say Sherman has taken Haynes' Bluff, but I can find no foundation for the report. General Dodge telegraphs from Corinth that Midshipman Henry Travis, of sloop-of-war Mississippi, arrived there yesterday, paroled. He left, prisoners at Jackson, the captain of marines and 46 men, who escaped with him from that vessel. He reports the ship lost by becoming uncontrollable in the current and getting aground, not a shot having struck her previously. After she grounded they fought her an hour, and then set her on fire. All hands made for the shore. She then floated a distance down stream and blew up. She was not harmed by the rebels' fire, as the guns on the bluff could not be depressed to damage her much. It is ascertained by a spy of Hurlbut's

