
force, and holding them at bay until almost surrounded, and then safely withdrawing, and all in the rapid and long marches to Bovina.

All the officers did their whole duty so far as I could ascertain, and all the field officers were particularly distinguished for their coolness, discretion, efficiency, and fearless bearing amid dangers.

To my acting adjutant (J. M. Flanagan), and to Rev. J. S. Howard, chaplain SECOND Missouri Infantry, and Capts. U. M. Young and Robert L. Maupin, who accompanied me during these engagements and marches, I am under special obligations for the fearless manner in which they so fully discharged every required duty.

I have the honor, captain, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. COCKRELL,

Colonel, comdg. First Brigadier Mo. Vols., Bowen's DIVISION.

Captain R. R. HUTCHINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-Genera.

Number 30. Report of Colonel Eugene Erwin, Sixth Missouri Infantry (Confederate). CAMP near BOVINA, MISS., may 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment (the Sixth Missouri Infantry) in the battle near Port Gibson on May 1:

About 10 o'clock on the morning of that day, my regiment, at the time being in the ditches at Grand Gulf, was relieved by the SECOND Missouri Infantry, and I received an order from Colonel [F. M.] Cockrell to move as rapidly as possible with my regiment to the scene of action, 8 miles distant. This march was accomplished in two and a half hours. I immediately reported to General Bowen, and was ordered by him to report to General Green, who ordered me to take position immediately upon the left of General Tracy's brigade, which formed the right wing of our army. In order to reach this position it was necessary to advance across an open corn-field, under a heavy fire from the enemy's skirmishers. This movement was executed at double-quick time, in good order, and with but little loss. The position thus gained was about 100 yards in advance of the enemy, and we remained in this position about an hour, when

it became evident that an attempt was being rapidly driven in, and t was apparent that unless some assistance was afforded them they would be driven from their position. I therefore felt that as prompt action was necessary, I would be justified in making an advance without orders, and immediately ordered a charge at

double-quick time, and rapidly drove the enemy before me, recapturing a section of artillery that had been taken by the enemy before my arrival. I succeeded in driving them for a quarter of a mile, when, finding that there had been no advance by Tracy's brigade on my right, I ordered my men to halt and take a very strong position under the brow of a narrow ridge, which separated me from a line of the enemy's reserves. I here fought them for one hour and a half, occasionally sending messengers to Tracy's brigade, requesting them to come

