
win, in his advance, recaptured two pieces of artillery that had been captured by the enemy, but the horses having been nearly all killed, and he having to fall back at double-quick, was compelled to leave them on the field.

This regiment fought bravely, and Colonel Erwin showed great coolness of judgment and quick perception in getting out of this difficulty. This was the last regiment to leave the field.

My force when attacked by the enemy did not exceed 800, and, after being re-enforced by the Twenty-THIRD Alabama, did not exceed 1,100, and with this force I maintained my position against a force of the enemy (as subsequent [events] have proven) of at least 7,000 from 12. 30 o'clock until about 10. 30. My men becoming exhausted, and being outflanked at both flanks, were compelled to fall back, In this engagement my command was made up of troops from Arkansas, Mississippi, and Alabama, and each seemed to vie with the other as to who should carry off the palm. Without any distinction, I have simply to say, all fought well, and did their duty. All stood at their posts until ordered do leave.

Having received no reports from the Sixth Mississippi, Twenty-THIRD Alabama, or either of the batteries, I am unable to state their losses, but from the length of time they were under a heavy fire they must be very great. The most of these troops were new to me, yet they fought most gallantly and did honor to the States they represent, and will do to rely upon in any regiment.

The Alabama regiment and Sixth Mississippi made a gallant charge in front of the enemy's battery under a heavy fire, General Bowen leading the Alabama regiment.

Colonel [Robert] Lowry, of the Sixth Mississippi, deserves the highest commendation for his coolness and promptness in executing every order.

The Hudson and Anderson batteries did all that the most sanguine could expect.

The Arkansas troops were exposed to the heaviest charges made by the enemy, yet they stood like heroes at their posts, repulsing at least a dozen heavy charges, each charge having been made (as I learn) by fresh troops.

Our loss, without including that of the batteries, Sixth Mississippi, or Twenty-THIRD Alabama, is 222, as follows:

Command. 	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

6th Missouri	 4	 32	 46

21st Arkansas	 4	 11	 22

12th Battalion Sharpshooters	 1	 3	 17

15th Arkansas Infantry	 8	 37	 37

Total	 17	 83	 122

Doubtless many or nearly all of those reported MISSING are killed, yet we have no means of ascertaining what has been their fate.

Although all the troops under my command stood to their posts and fought with a desperation unequaled, and particular mention of any might be thought an invidious discrimination, yet I fell it my duty to mention Captain Griff. Bayne, commander of the TWELFTH Battalion Sharpshooters, as having acted pre-eminently gallant, and after skirmishing with the enemy and holding him in check from 12. 30 o'clock until about

