
8 p. m., fell, severely, if not mortally, wounded. I recommend him to the favorable consideration of the DEPARTMENT.

I cannot refrain from mentioning the conduct of the Sixth Missouri Infantry. It has been my fortune to be with this regiment in every engagement in which it has participated since we crossed the Mississippi River, and on each occasion have I been struck by their gallant conduct, and in this engagement, though I expected much of them, they more than came up to my expectations. Colonel Erwin notified to march at 10 a. m., and was on the field (8 miles distant) by 1 p. m. They went into the fight with about 400 men; were so nearly surrounded as to have to cut their way out, and lost only 82 men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. E. GREEN,

Brigadier-General, SECOND Brigade, SECOND DIVISION.

Captain R. R. HUTCHINSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Bowen's DIVISIONS, Army of the Mississippi.

Number 32. Report of Brigadier General William E. Baldwin, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Smith's DIVISION. HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SMITH'S DIVISION, Dr. Naylor's, Nine Miles Southeast of Vicksburg, May 9, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor respectfully to report the movements of my command during the five days succeeding the night of the 29th ultimo, and also the part taken by this brigade in the action near Port Gibson on the 1st instant.

In compliance with orders from DIVISION headquarters, my command, consisting of the SEVENTEENTH Louisiana, Colonel [Robert] Richardson; Thirty-first Louisiana, Lieutenant-Colonel [S. H.] Griffin; Fourth Mississippi Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel [T. N.] Adaire; Forty-sixth Mississippi Infantry, Colonel [C. W.] Sears, marched through Vicksburg, en route for Hankinson's Ferry, on the Big Black, on Wednesday, the 29th ultimo, at 9 p. m. We crossed the Big Black next day between the hours of 12 m. and 2 p. m., and there awaited orders. These were received soon after sunset from Brigadier-General Bowen, commanding at Grand Gulf, who directed me to proceed immediately to Port Gibson, and there take position on the Rodney road. I marched until midnight, and then halted the command until morning at the suspension bridge over the north fork of Bayou Pierre.

Starting soon after daylight next morning (Friday, the 1st instant), we had marched but 4 or 5 miles when the sound of firing was heard in advance. The pace was accelerated, and soon couriers arrived in quick succession, announcing that our troops beyond Port Gibson were engaged with the enemy, and urging our speedy arrival. The brigade passed through the town at a rapid pace, and thence marched in double-quick about 2 miles southwest, on the Rodney road, when we found our troops falling back from all points, pressed by greatly superior numbers. The regiments were at once assigned positions to check the advance of the enemy. The SEVENTEENTH Louisiana was directed to occupy a wood on the left of the main road, which much broken by ravines. and formed a salient angle with our general line. The Thirty-first Loui-

