
for his gallantry, coolness, and excellent judgment in the management of his command in the most critical position during the entire day. Lieutenant-Colonel Adaire, commanding Fourth Mississippi, is also entitled to high commendation.
The members of my staff also merit my thanks for their promptness and gallantry; but I must especially mention Captain S. D. Harris, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant P. Hamilton, aide-de-camp, and Captain A. B. Watts, volunteer aide, who were frequently exposed to the hottest fire, and discharged their duties with the coolness which belongs to veterans of a hundred battles. The latter (Captain Watts) had 3 horses shot under him, and was himself severely wounded in the arm. He merits more than my own praise.

The losses in the brigade were as follows: Killed, 12; wounded, 48; MISSING, 27. Total loss, 87 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. BALDWIN,

Brigadier-General, commanding.

Major R. R. HUTCHINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, General Bowen's DIVISION.

Number 33. Report of Colonel Isham W. Garrott, Twentieth Alabama Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade, Stevenson's DIVISION. CAMP near WARRENTON, may -, 1863.

SIR: By order of Brigadier-General Barton, commanding Stevenson's DIVISION, nine companies each of the Twentieth, Twenty-THIRD, Thirtieth, and Thirty-first Regiments Alabama Volunteers left camp, near Warrenton, about 7 p. m. on the evening of April 29; crossed the Big Black at Hankinson's Ferry that night, and continued the march next day in the direction of Grand Gulf. When we arrived within 4 miles of the latter place, we were directed to move toward Port Gibson; crossed Bayou Pierre on the suspension bridge between Port Gibson and Grand Gulf, and halted a little beyond, where the men, who had been without food all day, obtained raw actions and immediately proceeded to cook them. Before the cooking was done, however, the order to march was given, and the troops proceeded down the bayou to a point 5 or 6 miles in front of Port Gibson, where we were formed in line of battle on the night of the 30th, the brigade having marched 40 miles in twenty-seven hours.

The troops slept on their arms until aroused by the fire of artillery on our left about 2 o'clock next morning, when they promptly fell into line. An officer sent by General Green stated to General treaty that General Green had sent him to ask at least one regiment and one section of Captain [J. W.] Johnston's battery to re-enforce him on the left, strenuously urging that if the left was not sustained the right would be cut off from all chance of retreat, and stating to General treaty that it was General Green's opinion that he could not sustain his position on the left FIFTEEN minutes unless re-enforced. General treaty reluctantly or dared the nine companies of the Twenty-THIRD Alabama (then on the field) and two of the four guns of Captain Johnston's battery to his relief. This was about sunrise, and before the infantry had become en-

