
that up to Wednesday last no force had been withdrawn from Vicksburg, expect one brigade sent to Yazoo City. A great part of the rebel army was, however, previously east of the Big Black. He also reports but few troops, and those militia, at Grenada, but heavy force at ---. Since they came into the --- they carried off all the carpenters and carpenter's tools at Panola; they are also gathering troops. They are evidently preparing a movement either against Hurlbut or Yazoo City. Rebel sympathizers here are informed the Indianola is not sunk or destroyed, but is being repaired behind Grand Gulf, in Big Black. They also declare Vicksburg fully provisioned for nine months. The rebels have assembled a force of 4,000 at Tuscumbia, and a few days --- left or against the right of General Rosecrans. I wrote from Columbus respecting Fort Heiman. Hurlbut has notified General Rosecrans, to whose department it now belongs, that he (Hurlbut) cannot continue to garrison it. I respectfully suggest it ought by no means to be abandoned.

The mutinous One hundred and NINTH Illinois, decimated by desertion, has gone down to report to General Grant under guard, but yet without being disarmed. The One hundred and twenty-eighth, which had nearly all deserted at Cairo, have been mostly recaptured, and are under guard there.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MEMPHIS, TENN., March 31, 1863-1. 30 p. m.

Sherman, with his troops, returned to Young's Point on Friday, March 27, the attempt to reach the Yazoo by way of Steele's Bayou and the Sunflower having proved futile.

Porter's entrapment on Rolling Fork, mentioned in my dispatch of yesterday, occurred on Sunday, March 22. The Confederate force was about 4,000, with artillery, and the skirmish for his extrication lasted nearly all day. We had 10 or 12 privates killed and wounded, and an engineer on a tug killed by a shell.

The ram Switzerland was os much damaged in passing Vicksburg that she must be repaired before she can be of service.

No news from the Yazoo Pass expedition, which, as I now learn, returned down the Coldwater to the Tallahatchee by General Grant's express order. Quinby's DIVISION is with it.

Ten of the most prominent and wealthy secession families of Memphis yesterday received orders from Hurlbut to leave the city instantly. This is in consequence of orders issued in January notifying all such persons that their remaining here depended upon their friends beyond our lines leaving the railroad undisturbed. The attack of 28th near Moscow is punished by Lieutenant-Colonel [Reuben] Loomis, of Grierson's cavalry, from LA Grange, who was sent by General W. S. Smith with 200 men to pursue the guerrillas. He overtook them Sunday afternoon, 100 strong, 6 miles southeast of Belmont, Tenn., and after a brisk skirmish they gave way, leaving in Loomis' hands Captain [Reuben] Burrow, 1 orderly sergeant, and 9 privates prisoners. Proceeding 5 or 6 miles father, Loomis bivouacked, and precisely at midnight duty, was attacked by Colonel R. V. Richardson with 500 or 600 men. After fighting about FIFTEEN minutes the rebels fell back, leaving on the

