
per man, and kept my command supplied with rations, and have now three day's on hand.

I have this day, by your instruction, ordered Colonel H. Putnam, with five companies of the Ninety-THIRD Illinois Infantry, and Major C. F. Brown, with the Twenty-sixth Missouri Regiment, to reconnoiter the river 4 miles above and below this point, and herewith submit their reports. *

I am, very respectfully,

GEORGE B. BOOMER,

Colonel Twenty-sixth Missouri Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General M. M. CROCKER,

Commanding Seventh DIVISION.

MAY 4, 1863. - Engagement at Fort De Russy, red River, Louisiana. +

Reports of Captain John Kelso, commanding Confederate gunboats.

FLAG-SHIP GRAND DUKE, may 4, 1863.

MAJOR: A ship of war mounting four guns on a side came up and opened fire on us this morning. We have some wounded, and I think on the Cotton some killed. The fire lasted about sixty minutes. We had to temporarily abandon the Cotton. We will return for her, as the enemy dropped down, as I thought, to secure a flank fire on us; but it is likely he (the enemy) is badly damaged.

I have the honor to remain, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KELSO,

Captain, commanding Gunboat Fleet.

Major E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - The enemy, three in number - the picket guard reported before we left - had all gone down the river at the highest rate of speed. A boat answering the description of the Calhoun laid behind the woods and assisted in the attack. She put two or three shells through us. We could not direct our attention to her, as it could not be exactly discovered where she was stationed.

The enemy set us on fire repeatedly, but it was extinguished by the energy of the steamboat men. I will shortly, major, make a full report.

FLAG-SHIP GRAND DUKE, May 13, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this fleet since the 1st instant. Continuous fever, confining me to bed during a portion of the time and incapacitating me for work of any sort, had delayed the submission of this report till now.

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 106, and emanating from head-

---------------

*Not found.

+For reports of Rear-Admiral D. G. Farragut and Lieutenant Commander John E. Hart, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 7, 1863.

---------------

