
and energy of Captain J. M. White, his officers and men, the fire was each time subdued.

I cannot conclude the report, major, without bearing testimony to the signal good conduct of the officers and men of the Crescent Artillery. First Lieutenant W. Hervey and First Junior Lieutenant T. H. Handy behaved in a manner to excite the admiration and rivet the confidence of every one who witnessed their intrepid conduct. Sergt. A. Mordis and Sergeant [J. J.] Dalton also deserve special notice for their admirable DEPARTMENT during the action. When the alarm of fire was repeatedly give, I did not observe a man relax his energies at the pieces. To Lieutenant E. T. King too much credit cannot be awarded. He discharged his duties with a fearlessness and composure which inspired confidence in those around him, and elicited the applause of all whose position enabled them to observe him.

The conduct of Lieutenant M. Fogarty is reported to me by his commanding officer as deserving of high praise.

I beg leave to refer to the inclosed list of wounded and MISSING on both boats.

I have the honor to remain, major, your obedient servant,

J. KELSO,

Commanding Gunboat Fleet, off Grand Ecore.

Major E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosures.]

STATION, GRAND ECORE, GUNBOAT COTTON, May 12, 1863.

List* of wounded and MISSING of Captain [E. W.] Fuller's company Saint Martin Rangers, May 4, 1863, on board of C. S. Gunboat Cotton, as follows: Wounded-officers, 1; enlisted men, 6; crew, 3, MISSING - enlisted men, 1; crew, 3.

E. T. KING,

Lieutenant, Commanding Gunboat Cotton.

J. GAUTREAUX,

Acting Orderly Sergeant.

List* of wounded of the Crescent Artillery on board flag-ship Grand Duke, May 4, 1863, as follows: Enlisted men wounded, 7.

W. HERVEY,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Crescent Artillery.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA, Natchitoches 14, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. Captain [J.] Kelso, in command of the gunboats Grand Duke and Cotton, was sent down to Fort De Russy to remove the guns, ordnance stores, and other public property left at that point, which was successfully accomplished, and the enemy delayed in his advance up the river for forty-eight hours.

R. TAYLOR,Major-General, commanding.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

