
men who were in the water, and the other skiff approached the barges. I supposed they were taking off the men that remained there, but cannot state whether they got any of them off the barges. I reached the Louisiana shore on a plank just above the mouth of the canal. When I reached the shore, which, I thin, was about two hours after the explosion, the barges had drifted down the river some distance toward the Louisiana shore. When I arrived near the Louisiana shore, I found some of our troops there (think about three regiments), some of whom assisted me on shore out of the water. I think that the barges and tug were entirely consumed by fire. The last I saw of them they were all enveloped in flames.

JAMES MARQUESS,

First Lieutenant Company G, Twenty-seventh Missouri Volunteers.

MAY 5, 1863. - Action at King's Creek, near Tupelo, MISS.

REPORTS. *

Number 1. -Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army.

Number 2. -Lieutenant Colonel J. Cunningham, SECOND Alabama Cavalry.

Number 3. -Major W. A. Hewlett, THIRTEENTH Alabama Battalion, Partisan Rangers.

Number 4. -Lieutenant Colonel C. R. Barteau, SECOND Tennessee Cavalry.

Number 1. Report of Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army. OKOLONA, May 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following report for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding the DEPARTMENT:

On the morning of the 5th instant, reports reached me at this place, where I had necessarily been detained, of another advance of the enemy from the direction of Burnsville with a force of about 5,000 mounted men and six pieces of artillery. Toward evening I received information from Colonel Barteau, then at Vernon, that Major [W. M.] Inge's battalion was skirmishing with the advance of the enemy near Tupelo, and that his main body was believed to be moving down east of Town Creek, in the direction of Camargo. For the purpose of impeding his march in that direction of Camargo. For the purpose of impeding his march in that direction and to prevent his crossing Town Creek, I ordered the ferry-boats sunk and the bridges destroyed. I had received as a re-enforcement Major [W.] Boyle's battalion of Alabama cavalry, some 350 strong, and immediately on the reception of the report of enemy's advance prepared for movement in the field. Dispatched to WEST Point for the return to this station of four companies of the THIRD Kentucky Regiment (mounted men), they having been ordered to Jackson by the morning train. These troops arrived in the evening disembarked, and were ready for the field the ensuing morning at 2 o'clock. Taking the two battalions already named and a section of Owens' guns, under Lieutenant [J. F. Thompson, proceeded a distance of 10 miles to Sanders'

---------------

*For Union reports, see Series I, VOL. XXIII, part I, pp. 241-261.

---------------

44 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. I

