
Number 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. Cunningham, SECOND Alabama Cavalry:NEAR VERONA, may 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations on Tuesday, the 5th instant:

Soon after my arrival at this place on Tuesday morning, I received information through my scouts and Colonel [C. R.] Barteau that the enemy was 6 miles east of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, marching in the direction of Verona, to which place I hastened with all possible dispatch. While there, I received orders from Major General S. J. Gholson to proceed immediately to Tupelo. On my way to the latter place, my advanced guard came upon the enemy. As my scouts had on that morning reported the enemy to be near Miller's Mills, and as I had been ordered to Tupelo without any warning that there was any probability of being intercepted on my was thither, I must state that my coming upon the enemy was quite unexpected. Lieutenant [C. C.] Dodd, of the advanced guard was during this time skirmishing with the enemy, and had succeeded in capturing 10 prisoners, who were sent back to the rear and there retaken by the enemy. As soon as my command were formed into line, the enemy opened upon me a cross-fire of artillery musketry. I then discovered that I was ambuscaded on the right and left, and I determined to extricate my command as soon as practicable. I ordered a countermarch from the left, but as Companies B and I had faced to the rear and left to check the enemy who were left on the field. I passed on with the rest of my command out through the WEST edge of Tupelo, and took the road to Chesterville, where I learned General Gholson was at the time. The companies who were left behind attempted to rejoin the regiment, but Captain [W. H.] Daniel, who was in comforted to fall back toward the direction of Verona. In doing so he kept up a brisk skirmish with the enemy's cavalry, who were endeavoring to surround him.

In this engagement my loss was: Killed, 2 men and 3 horses; wounded, 2 horses; MISSING, 3 men and 3 horses.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. SECOND Alabama Cavalry Regiment

Captain ROY MASON HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District Number 1.

Number 3. Report of Major W. A. Hewlett, THIRTEENTH Alabama Battalion, Partisan Rangers. OKOLONA, MISS., May 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state, for the information of the brigadier-general commanding First District, DEPARTMENT of Mississippi and East Louisiana, that on Thursday, May 5, at about 11 a. m., while

