
caped from his hands and citizens of Tupelo to have been 20 or more, and the wounded many times as great.

The loss, as nearly as can be ascertained, in the SECOND Tennessee and Inge's battalion was 6 wounded and 8 captured. Several horses were killed and wounded.

I then withdrew the men from the engagement and moved to Harrisburg, the enemy still remaining at Tupelo in line of battle, awaiting another attack. I withdrew to Verona.

The next morning moved, under orders from General Gholson, to Harrisburg, and, finding that during the night previous the enemy had retreated toward Guntown, pursued 2 miles and returned.

It may be well to state that, after running the gauntlet of the enemy's fire and getting in his rear, Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham continued his march to Chesterville or vicinity, where, finding General Gholson, he returned by a circuitous route to Verona at 9 p. m. Had he fought the enemy vigorously in his rear, or rejoined the troops which were left in the ambuscade, the result might have been more favorable for us. The force of the enemy was not less than 1,500, with six pieces of artillery (6-pounder guns). The various commands of the enemy were NINTH Illinois Regiment, Seventh Kansas, Tenth Missouri, and two companies of mounted infantry, commanded by Colonel Quinine [F. M. Cornyn]. The force which I had engaged did not exceed 500.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

C. R. BARTEARY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

[Captain] ROY MASON HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 10, 1863. - Skirmishes at Caledonia and Pin Hook, La.

REPORTS

Number 1-Brigadier General Hugh T. Reid, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Sixth DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps.

Number 2. -Major William Y. Roberts, First Kansas Infantry.

Number 3. -Colonel Frank A. Bartlett, Beauregard Regiment, Louisiana Militia.

Number 1. Report of Brigadier General Hugh T. Reid, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Sixth DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps. PROVIDENCE, La., May 12, 1863.

I have the honor to report that on the 2nd instant some 80 of the enemy crossed over Bayou Macon in the vicinity of Bissell's cut, at Ashton, and carried away 15 or 20 negroes. Learning this fact, I made a reconnaissance on the 3rd instant to that point with a company of mounted infantry, in command of Major Roberts, of the First Kansas, and became satisfied, from information received from reliable sources, that the enemy on the WEST side of the bayou had concentrated his forced in the vicinity of Caledonia for the purpose of making raids to this side. It was practicable to cross the bayou in that vicinity, and there were great difficulties in the way of crossing it at any other point. I there-

