
a brave and skillful officer, and also to bespeak your thanks to Captain Wheeler, the senior officer of the detachment from the SIXTEENTH Wisconsin, for the very excellent manner in which he handled his tried and brave men. I am also compelled to name Lieutenant Ford, who led the advance guard into Pin Hook, as an officer whose bravery has been tested and found to have the ring of the true metal. I would further beg leave to call your attention to the superiority of the First Kansas as mounted troops, and to say that my experience in this expedition has strengthened my convictions of the great benefits that would result from arming this regiment with revolvers and attaching to it a section of Light artillery. With these arms the regiment would be invaluable as scouts; could pass with celerity and ferret out and break up the rendezvous of guerrilla parties and give quiet and protection to the country.

I have the honor to be, yours to command,

W. Y. ROBERTS,

Major 1st Kans. Vols., Comdg. Expedition WEST of Bayou Macon.

Brigk. General H. T. REID,

Commanding Post at Lake Providence, La.

Number 3. Report of Colonel Frank A. Bartlett, Beauregard Regiment, Louisiana Militia. HEADQUARTERS FORCES OF BAYOU MACON, Floyd, La., May 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that late on the evening of Saturday, the 9th instant, I received information at Delhi, La., that the enemy in force had established themselves at Caledonia, on Williams' plantation, occupying the back yard, negro quarters, and other defensive positions. I proceeded at once to the scene of action, arriving at noon on Sunday. I learned through the outposts that the enemy had divided at Caledonia, and were marching on Pin Hook from two directions in columns of 300 men each. Captain [W. H.] Corbin, commanding a small force of some 130 men, consisting of detachments from several companies, learning that an attempt was being made to attack him simultaneously in front and rear, fell back, made a circuit, and with a part of his command ambushed that column of the Hill road, running along the bank of Bayou Macon. He attacked them at a suitable point, killing 12 or 13 and wounding as many more, losing but 1 man, and driving the enemy back in disorder. Captain [John] McKoin, commanding the remainder of Captain Corbin's command - consisting of Captain McKoin's company and a detachment of a company in course of organization under Captain [John] McNeil - aware, from the nature of the country, that his rear was exposed, judged it expedient to fall back toward Floyd. I directed him to take position at Pin Hook, protecting his rear with a strong guard.

Shortly afterward the enemy appeared in force approaching Pin Hook by the road leading from Chamliss', or Lane's Ferry. They were allowed to approach within 60 yards, when we opened fire upon them. They retreated in disorder about half a mile, but rallied, deploying skirmishers on each side of the road, firing briskly for about three-quarters

