
of an hour. I kept our men concealed and well protected by trees and houses, returning their fire only when it could be done effectually, and suffering no injury. At dark the enemy drew off, retiring in some confusion across the Macon. They have since made no demonstrations of any kind. The force of the enemy was estimated at between 800 and 1,000. Ours did not exceed 250 men.

Our loss was 2 killed and 2 captured. That of the enemy, as near as I can ascertain, was near, if not quite, 50 in killed, wounded, and MISSING, among whom were 1 lieutenant killed and 1 wounded. Three prisoners were captured, with six Belgium rifles with equipments.

It gives me pleasure to be able to speak in terms of praise of the skill and courage displayed, respectively, by Captain Corbin, McKoin, McNeil, and Johnson; and to Captain John B. Williams, whose familiar acquaintance with the country and prompt action was of great advantage to me, I men largely indebted for the success of the day. The men behaved admirably, obeying orders implicitly and exhibiting an eagerness for the work before them and a charge in it highly to their credit.

Since the above was written, scouts have come in informing me that the enemy had retired across the Macon, destroying the bridge. But there is good reason to apprehend an attack lower down the bayou, and I am preparing to meet it. Should they attack in force, it will be difficult to repel them, as my forces is very small and there are several points to guard, making it necessary to divide almost into companies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK A. BARTLETT,

Colonel, Commanding Forces on Bayou Macon.

Captain SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 10, 1863. - Attack on Fort Beauregard, La.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Logan, Chalmette Regiment, Louisiana Militia.

FORT BEAUREGARD, Harrisonburg, May 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Four Federal gunboats came up this morning at 2 o'clock. They anchored at the mouth of the Bushely, and immediately sent a flag of truce. I dispatched Captain Benton and Lieutenant Blanchard to meet the flag and state that I wound hold the fort forever. Lieutenant [William W.] Fowler represented the Federal Government. He informed us that Commodore [Selim E.] Wood worth commanded the fleet, and demanded the unconditional surrender of the fort and its surroundings. If we did not accede to the demand, they would give us one hour to move the women and children out of the town.

Captain Benton responded that the only answer he could give was that the fort would be defended at all hazards, and that the women and children were already moved.

The flag of truce returned, and an hour afterward three of the gunboats began shelling. They have fired some 150 shots, but have done no damage, only knocking up some of the parapet. They have destroyed one house in the town.

