
We have fired but a few shots, as they are a little out of range, and are waiting for them to approach us to give them their deserts. Our firing is accurate, but falls short, and therefore I shall fire no more until they come nearer. Lieutenant Carter has this instant been seriously wounded.

We should have more troops between here and Alexandria.

I shall hold the fort, with God's blessing.

Your obedient servant, in haste,

GEO. WM. LOGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain SAMUEL BOYER DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Monroe, La.

P. S. -6. 15 p. m. The enemy has shelled us steadily until this time, but has this instant retired; I suppose for a little rest.

MAY 11, 1863. -Raid on the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad, near Crystal Springs, MISS.

Report of Colonel Clark Wright, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH Missouri CAVALRY VOLUNTEERS,Roach's Plantation, May 11, 1863.

COLONEL: I left this place at 6. a. m. this morning, and by a circuitous route reached the Jackson and New Orleans Railroad, with some 200, 1 1/2 miles north of Crystal Springs, distant 25 miles. I at once placed one-half of the command in the best position for defense that the circumstances would admit, and with the order half proceeded to destroy the telegraph line and railroad. I took out 1 1/2 miles of wire, and burned it on top of three bridges I destroyed. I cut the road by tearing up the rails at three points. I burned out one culvert, and warped the rails materially at two points by building large fires on them. In the aggregate, 1 1/2 miles of road is destroyed, and will require at least five or six days to repair it. I burned some one hundred and twenty-five bales of cotton, marked C. S. A., paroled 18 citizens, and captured 15 prisoners and a number of mules and horses brought to camp. I learned that some 4,500 troops had passed up to Jackson from Port Hudson within the last four days, on the railroad, and about the same number by land, or marching.

Within the last ten days they have called in all the forces to Jackson from the surrounding country.

I am now in the same camp I left this morning. Have marched 50 miles to day, in addition to the labor performed and above specified. My command is worn down by incessant labor for the last twenty days and nights, and would respectfully ask permission to rest men and horses for one day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, DEPARTMENT of the Tennessee.

