
MAY 11-15, 1863. -Expedition from LA Grange, Tenn., to Panola, MISS., and skirmishes (11th) at Coldwater and (14th) at Walnut Hill, MISS.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Colonel Edward Hatch, SECOND Iowa Cavalry, commanding Cavalry

Brigade.

Numbers 2. -Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, C. S. Army, commanding military district, of skirmish (14th).

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Edward Hatch, SECOND Iowa Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade. LA GRANGE, TENN., May 16, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Complying with Brigadier-General SMITH's order to proceed with my command to the neighborhood of Panola, MISS., attack General Chalmers' (Confederate) forces if found, and procure all the mules and horses in my way, and not to be absent, if possible, more than four days, moved from camp at LA Grange, May 11, with 500 of the SECOND Iowa Cavalry, 350 of the Sixth Iowa Infantry, and three 2-pounders of the First Illinois Artillery, southwest toward Tallaloosa, at the same time sending 150 men of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry south of Ripley, to cover any flank movement from Okolona. near the crossing of Coldwater came upon Major [A. H.] Chalmers' (Confederate) battalion, which my advance routed, capturing 3 prisoners. Camped that night 5 miles WEST of Holly Springs.

Marched the following day south, and camped near Chulahoma. Learning that night that General Chalmers was expected at Senatobia, marched rapidly on the morning of the 13th to that place. Found there only a company of the enemy, of whom we captured 6 prisoners and the telegraph operator at that point. Pushing my advance to the neighborhood of Sardis, and not finding the enemy in force, dispatched parties in all directions to accumulate animals. By 3 o'clock in the afternoon, having brought in about 600 animals, resumed my march toward LA Grange, camping about 7 miles from Senatobia, on Jim Wolf Creek.

About 2 o'clock of the morning of the 14th, the enemy made an attack upon my pickets, evidently intending to surprise the camp, and were handsomely repulsed by the pickets. At daylight they again made a more spirited attack, but our pickets having been strongly reenforced, drove the enemy back; and supposing this was the last attack, took up my line of march north, drawing in the pickets, which the enemy followed up quickly with his artillery, shelling the swamp my command was passing through, giving me considerable annoyance. Moving the SECOND Iowa to the rear to fight, I learned the enemy was moving north on a parallel road to the one I was on, with the evident intention of getting upon my left flank; I moved steadily forward. The enemy again attacked me at Walnut Hill, striking the left flank of my rear guard, charging spiritedly upon two companies of rifles of the SECOND Iowa Cavalry, who repulsed the enemy, driving them out of the town. When near the crossing of the Hecula, 5 miles north of Walnut Hilln attacked, having pushed up three pieces of artillery on the hills commanding the swamp, at about a mile distance, and began shelling the command, creating a stampede among the led animals and negroes. Leaving one-half of the command to take care of the led animals, I moved rapidly to the rear to fight, deploying on the

