
ance of orders, I formed my brigade in column by regiments, ready to support it. They having repulsed the enemy, I was ordered forward on the Canton road, and I had proceeded about 2 miles when the order was countermanded, and I went into a camp designated on the WEST side of the city.

On the 15th, moved with DIVISION toward Clinton.

On the 16th, moved with DIVISION, and, after marching about 3 miles, was ordered to form on the right of the road, to the right and rear of DeGolyer's battery, in two lines, the Twenty-THIRD Indiana, Twentieth Illinois, and Thirty-first Illinois in front, and the Forty-FIFTH and One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois in SECOND line.

In pursuance of orders, moved forward to the right of the SECOND Brigade, and halted near a ravine about 300 yards from the crest of the hill. Two companies of skirmishers were deployed to the right, and ordered to take possession of the woods. The Forty-FIFTH and Twenty-THIRD Indiana were ordered forward to support Rogers' battery, posted near the edge of the woods on the ridge. They advanced to the brow of the hill, and gained cover in a ravine in front of the enemy and on the right of the SECOND Brigade, where they did good service, and assisted materially in repulsing the attack of the enemy on the SECOND Brigade.

I then moved the Twentieth, Thirty-first, and One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois to the right, and, discovering the enemy in the ravine, I ordered a charge, which was promptly made by the last-named regiment, completely routing the enemy's left, who fled in the greatest disorder, leaving about 1,100 prisoners and a battery of six guns in our possession. The Forty-THIRD Alabama and Thirty-first Georgia were captured nearly entire.

The center being hotly pressed, I moved my command up by the flank in double lines, and remained in position until the enemy were entirely routed on the right and center, when I was ordered to take a position on the road to Edwards Station.

Where all did so well it would be hard to discriminate; all was done that bravery could accomplish. My staff above named were efficient and cool in the hottest of the fight. Bivouacked near Baker's Creek.

On the 17th, moved with DIVISION, and bivouacked about 1 mile from Black River Bridge, and assisted in building a bridge across the Big Black River. Crossed the river at 1 p. m. on the Bridgeport and Vicksburg road. Was detained by General Sherman's command, which was in advance. Marched about 10 miles and bivouacked on the roadside.

On the 19th, moved with DIVISION in the direction of Vicksburg, and arrived within 2 miles about 11 a. m., where we were halted and ordered to form in two lines on the left of the road, in a deep ravine. We remained here a short time, then advanced and took possession of the road in our front, keeping skirmishers thrown well in our front. Our next position was across the road to the right of our first position, moving by the flank, to avoid a deep ravine, that was impassable. Our skirmishers still advancing, gained the white house in front of Fort Hill. I was, however, ordered to close the line on General Ransom's left, and follow his command to the next ridge above the white house, our skirmishers still driving the enemy, who finally retired behind their intrenchments. Here I remained until the morning of the 20th, when I received orders to move to the left and occupy the grounds around the white house in front of Fort Hill. The skirmishers did excellent service by keeping the rebel guns silenced, and keeping down their sharpshooters. Our guns were brought forward within 300 yards of the rebel works,

