
The casualties of this brigade on the 22nd were 8 killed and 82 wounded, which has already been reported. Since and up to the 14th instant, the Twenty-THIRD Indiana has lost 1 killed and 7 wounded; the Twentieth Illinois,----; the Thirty-first Illinois, 1 killed and 4 wounded; the Forty-FIFTH Illinois, 1 killed and 1 wounded; and the One hundred and twenty-fourth Illinois, 1 killed and 2 wounded.

The patient endurance of the men while on the march, their undaunted courage in battle, the unflinching steadiness and unwavering determination exhibited by them when under the fire of the enemy, cannot be too highly commended. The patriotic spirit evinced by them in all their actions clearly demonstrates their faith in the justice of their cause, and renders them fearless and invincible.

The Federal Union should congratulate herself that she has in the field men who, in many hard-fought battles, have proved themselves as soldiers unsurpassed in intelligence and heroic bravery, men who hold their lives as nothing in comparison to the preservation of the Union and the maintenance of the supremacy of the American Constitution over the entire land. An army composed of such material, imbued with the spirit of justice and liberty, must and will be victorious.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brigadier General, Comdg. 1st Brigade, 3rd DIVISION, 17th Army Corps.

Major R. R. TOWNES, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William P. Davis, Twenty-THIRD Indiana Infantry, including operations to June 4. IN REAR OF Vicksburg, MISS., June 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-THIRD Regiment Indiana Volunteers in the battles of Raymond, Champion's Hill, Jackson, and Vicksburg, up to the present date:

BATTLE OF RAYMOND.

At 11 o'clock a. m. of May 12, the Twenty-THIRD Regiment Indiana Volunteers was ordered to take position upon the right of the main road, on the right of the brigade. Having taken this position, we moved forward in line of battle, across open fields, to the edge of some timber, distant about half a mile. The regiment was here halted for a few moments, and was then ordered to move by the right flank into the timber, my left resting on the edge of the field. This position being taken, it was then moved forward in line of battle, Company G being thrown out as skirmishers in front and upon the right flank, with instructions to keep constantly in sight of the regiment. I reached a creek, which was almost impassable, the banks being nearly perpendicular, and covered with dense undergrowth. With much difficulty the regiment crossed it and moved forward a short distance. I halted about 50 yards from the base of a hill in my front, when, not seeing the balance of the line upon my left, I immediately sent to ascertain its position.

At this time I received your order for the skirmishers to be thrown father to the right. While this was being executed, we were attacked upon our right and front by the enemy in column, consisting of four

