
staid till the 27th, when we moved a short distance back upon the right of the road to a position which we still occupy.

During these engagements both officers and men have behaved with their usual bravery and coolness. To Major H. C. Ferguson, Captain George S. Babbitt, and Lieutenant Jesse T. Gleason, acting adjutant, I am especially indebted for their promptness in the execution of all orders. Sergt. Major David G. McCann has shown himself worthy the position he now holds. I cannot let the opportunity pass without speaking of the admirable manner in which Sergt. George H. Goad, Company H, commanding; Sergt. Francis M. Tubbs, Company G. commanding, and Corpl. William Mix, Company E, commanding, handled their respective companies at Champion's Hill. They proved themselves equal to the emergencies. Company I, Captain B. F. Walter commanding, and Company E. Lieutenant Henry C. Foster (Company B) commanding, were deployed as skirmishers the day (19th) of our arrival here (Vicksburg), and are now (this being the SIXTEENTH day) occupying a position about 75 yards from the enemy's principal fort near the white house. These companies deserve special praise and mention for their daring bravery and iices in driving the enemy from this point and silencing the guns within the fort.

I respectfully refer you to reports already submitted of casualties to May 23, inclusive. Inclosed find list from that date to June 4, inclusive.

[WILLIAM P. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.]

Lieutenant S. M. BUDLONG, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Manning F. Force, Twentieth Ohio Infantry, SECOND Brigade. - --, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of the 12th of May, the Twentieth Ohio marched as advance guard of the DIVISION, on the right side of the road to Raymond, with four companies (first, SECOND, THIRD and FIFTH) deployed in front as skirmishers till the deployed line reached the edge of the timber bordering the Fourteen-Mile Creek; there the column was halted, the rebel battery on a hill beyond the creek throwing shell over the timber into the open field. I brought up the reserves upon the deployed line for shelter. The First Brigade, afterward marched over the field to the shelter. The First Brigade afterward marched over the field to the shelter of the woods, and rested upon and mingled with my skirmishers.

While in this situation, I received orders to forward, and immediately a hot fire, with hurrahs, was heard in front. All the companies but the first and SECOND quickly formed in line, advanced to a deep gully, and took position there. The SECOND company (F, Captain Harrison Wilson) assembled the skirmishers, formed, and marched by the flank under a very severe fire to its position in line, as quickly as if on parade. Company A, Lieutenant Weatherby commanding, was so separated by the intervening brigade that it was impossible for it form with the regiment. Lieutenant Weatherby reported to Colonel Dollins, commanding Eighty-first Illinois, and fought under him. Colonel Dollins gives emphatic report of the good conduct of this company.

The fire was very hot and close. Private [Levi] Donaldson, of F, had his leg shattered by a rifle held within a foot of it. The enemy's fire being silenced in about an hour, I advanced out of the gully across an

