
almost impenetrable tangle of logs and brush, a run waist-deep in some places, and a plowed field, up the hill where the enemy's guns had been placed, and there halted and reported. I advanced with the brigade to Raymond in the evening, and marched the regiment out on picket.

The Seventh Texas, which boasts that it never before gave way, was lying in ambush when the Twentieth Ohio first marched into the woods. With all its advantage of position, this regiment was slaughtered and driven. Twenty-three dead were found in half and acre in front of the line of the Twentieth; 7 dead were found behind a log, which was pierced by seventy-two balls. One tree in front of my line was stripped and hacked near the root by balls, though not a mark was found more than 2 feet above the ground.

I cannot speak too highly of the behavior of officers and men. Notwithstanding the suddenness of the attack, the severity of the fire, and the necessity of maneuvering to form line, I did not see a mistake or any hesitation, nor enough excitement to interfere with immediate obedience to every command. If admirable performance of duty under trying circumstances entitles on to honorable mention, every officer and man should be honorably mentioned. I can name Captain Abraham Kaga, acting as field officer (two field officers being detached on staff duty), and First Lieutenant J. B. Walker, acting adjutant, for their very efficient assistance; Captain Harrison Wilson, for the excellent manner in which he assembled his skirmishers without confusion under fire and in the midst of a retreating regiment and marched them to position in line; Private John Canavan, of Company E, who in part led the company, when, by the wounding of SECOND Lieutenant John Stevenson and death of First Sergeant [Byron] Selby, the company was left in command of the FIFTH sergeant ([Osborn H.] Oldroyd), lately appointed; Corporal [William H.] Borum (B), who insisted upon remaining in the ranks with a ball lodged in his throat, and Private

-----

, of D, who returned from the hospital after his wounds were dressed, to carry water for the men.

I think it proper also to mention hospital attendant Lawrence Greenman, of Company D, for persistent zeal in performance of his duties under fire. Private [Jacob] Cauter, of Company A, seeing a good opportunity for a shot after the regiment with which that company was serving was ordered to cease firing, asked permission; Lieutenant Weatherby, walking the length of the regiment, obtained permission, and Cauter fired his shot, the only one fired by the company until order was given to resume.

A list of casualties is appended.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. FORCE,

Colonel, Commanding Twentieth Ohio.

Lieutenant J. C. DOUGLASS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Brigadier General John D. Stevenson, U. S. Army, commanding THIRD Brigade, including operations May 4-July 4. Vicksburg, MISS., July 7, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the THIRD Brigade in the series of engagements with the enemy from the 4th of May until the final termination of the siege of Vicksburg

