
On May 19, we marched in front of the enemy's works at Vicksburg, and were ordered to support the THIRD Ohio Battery, which, we did under a galling fire of grape, shell, and canister from the enemy.

On the morning of the 20th, we took position near the enemy's works and in support of Bolton's battery.

On May 22, we were ordered to support the Seventh Missouri in an assault upon the enemy's works, which order was partly executed by deploying into line of battle in shot-range of the enemy's guns, and within full view of the enemy behind his intrenchments. At the order to charge, our regiment did support the gallant old Seventh Missouri until the fire became too galling to bear. Colonel Dollins, then in command, gave the order to about-face and march around a point under the protection of the hill. My command came off the field in good order, and was marched into camp, where it reformed and marched back to the field of battle, and there remained until night as a reserve force.

Since May 22, my command has been continually occupied in the various and arduous duties connected with the siege, participating in all the danger and labors, being the whole time under the fire of the enemy's batteries and sharpshooters. The alacrity and zeal with which both officers and men of my command have ever been ready and willing to perform their duties cannot be too highly commended, and it would be almost invidious to discriminate between the actions of either men or officers in the zealous performance of duty during the late campaign, with the exception of the case previously mentioned.

F. CAMPBELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General John D. STEVENSON,

Comdg. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD Div., SEVENTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General Marcellus M. Crocker, U. S. Army, commanding Seventh DIVISION, including operations May 2-17. HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor the report the part taken by the Seventh DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, on the march and in the battles occurring from the time I assumed temporary command of it at Port Gibson on May 2, until relieved by Brigadier-General Quinby on the 17th instant.

I assumed the command of the DIVISION at Port Gibson at noon of May 2, and that afternoon had the advance of the army corps, and marched to the north branch of Bayou Pierre, on the road to Vicksburg. On arriving at the bayou, we found that the bridge had been burned by the retreating enemy. During the night the bridge was repaired so that the corps could cross, and the next morning the DIVISION crossed, following the DIVISION of Major-General Logan to Willow Springs, at which point the DIVISION of General Logan was directed to take a road to the left of the main road, the Seventh DIVISION proceeding on the main road toward Hankinson's Ferry, on the Big Black River. After proceeding a short distance, we encountered the enemy's pickets, and soon discovered the enemy, with a battery posted in the woods and hills across a small creek. A regiment, the FIFTY-NINTH Indiana, commanded by Colonel Alexander, was deployed as skirmishers, and the

