
two other regiments belonging to the same brigade, Colonel Sanborn's were formed in line of battle. A 10 pounder Parrott gun, under direction of Captain [Frank C.] Sands, chief of artillery for the DIVISION, was placed in position, and soon succeeded in forcing the enemy's battery to retire to a less exposed position. The skirmishers and line were then advanced across the creek, and the whole DIVISION deployed and ordered to advance, when I received notice that the enemy had broken up his formation and was in full retreat in the direction of Hankinson's Ferry. Their retreat from our front was doubtless greatly hurried by the advance of the DIVISION of General Logan on their right flank.

The two DIVISION, General Logan's and the Seventh, were united at the junction of the roads running from Grand Gulf and Willow Springs to Vicksburg, one brigade of General Logan's DIVISION preceding the Seventh DIVISION on the march from there to Hankinson's Ferry.

At Hankinson's Ferry the DIVISION remained three days, bringing up its supplies of ammunition and provisions, and on the morning of May 7 resumed the march, following General Logan's DIVISION in the direction of Utica. The march was continued, with slight interruption and without incident, until May 12, on which day General Logan, having the advance, encountered the enemy in the vicinity of Raymond. The Seventh DIVISION was hurried into position to support the DIVISION of General Logan. Two regiments of the SECOND Brigade, under Colonel Holmes, were sent to the right to support the brigade of General Stevenson, and the First Brigade, under Colonel Sanborn, formed to the left and rear of General SMITH's brigade, supporting the Eighth Michigan battery, commanded by Captain De Golyer; the THIRD Brigade, Colonel Boomer, held in reserve. Soon after making this disposition of the troops, the enemy's wand fled in confusion, and, resuming our march, we proceeded without interruption to Raymond, where we encamped. From Raymond we marched to Jackson, via Clinton, following the DIVISION of General Logan to Clinton, where we again encamped.

On the 14th, we proceeded in the direction of Jackson, the Seventh DIVISION having the advance, and marched without interruption until within about 3 miles of Jackson, when we encountered the enemy in strong position, his batteries posted so as to command the road and his infantry covered by woods and ravines. The DIVISION was at once deployed, the SECOND Brigade, commanded by Colonel Holmes, occupying the right and left of the road; the First Brigade, commanded by Colonel Sanborn, on the right and rear of the SECOND Brigade; and the THIRD Brigade, under Colonel Boomer, to the left and rear of the SECOND Brigade, this brigade in the woods. The line being thus formed, was ordered to advance, which it did, followed by the Sixth Wisconsin Battery, Captain Dillon commanding.

The advance was made in the most gallant and satisfactory manner. Not a man wavered or faltered, but proceeded, under the most galling fire, to drive the enemy at the point of the bayonet from his strong position. The battery advancing with the line of infantry, took position, and, when the enemy broke and retreated, poured into the fugitives an effective and destructive fire.

The enemy having abandoned his position, it was supposed that he would make a stand in his works before Jackson, but our skirmishers and line steadily advanced into their works and into the town without further resistance, taking possession of the works and seven guns, which the enemy in his haste had neither injured nor attempted to carry away.

Captain [Cornelius] Cadle, of my staff, and Captain Martin, acting

