
Of the conduct of the officers and men of the DIVISION I cannot speak too highly; their charge at Jackson, seldom if ever excelled in any campaign, has been the theme of universal praise; the stubbornness and courage with which they fought at Jackson and Champion's Hill have won for them the admiration of the army.

To the staff of General Quinby I return my especial thanks for the zeal, industry, and fidelity with which they discharged their difficult duties during the march and on the battle-field. I am also under obligations to Captain Cadle for the fidelity with which he discharged his duties.

Several brave, reliable, and valuable officers of the command were killed in the different engagements, whose names and services are mentioned in the reports accompanying. For full details of achievements of the respective brigades and regiments reference is respectfully made to the reports of brigade and regimental commanders forwarded herewith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. CROCKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Seventh DIVISION.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel John B. Sanborn, Fourth Minnesota Infantry, commanding First Brigade, including operations April 21-May 23. HDQRS. 1ST BRIGADE, 7TH DIVISION, 17TH ARMY CORPS, Camp in Field before Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the marches made by my command and the part taken by it in the battles fought during the campaign from Milliken's Bend, La., to this camp.

On April 21, I received your order to send forward one brigade to Richmond, La., immediately, and relieve the command stationed there. At this time the general commanding this DIVISION was absent, and my command consisted of the Seventh DIVISION, comprising: First Brigade--FIFTY-NINTH and Forty-eighth Indiana, Seventy-SECOND Illinois, and Fourth Minnesota Regiments; SECOND Brigade--Tenth Missouri, SEVENTEENTH Iowa, Eightieth Ohio, and FIFTY-sixth Illinois Regiments; THIRD Brigade--FIFTH Iowa, Twenty-sixth Missouri, Ninety-THIRD Illinois, and Tenth Iowa Regiments; and Battery M, First Missouri Light Artillery, Sixth and TWELFTH Wisconsin Batteries, Eleventh Ohio Battery, two companies of cavalry, and pioneer corps of 137 effective men. The pioneer corps was already detached to work on Walnut and Roundaway Bayous, and did not come up during the time I remained in command of the DIVISION. This order was immediately complied with, and the FIFTY-sixth Illinois and SEVENTEENTH Iowa Regiments moved forward to Richmond the same day, distance 12 miles, and the remaining portion of the SECOND Brigade moved forward to Richmond the following day.

On April 23, I marched with the First Brigade and First Missouri and Eleventh Ohio Batteries to Richmond, and moved the THIRD Brigade and remaining batteries forward to that point on the 25th instant, and on the same day moved the SECOND Brigade on to Holmes' plantation,

