
distance 9 miles; and during that night marched the First Brigade, with the exception of the Seventy-SECOND Illinois, which, pursuant to your order, I left in command of Richmond, and two batteries, up to the same point.

On the 26th, the First and SECOND Brigades and two batteries marched forward to SMITH's plantation, distance 9 miles, and bivouacked, and the THIRD Brigade and remaining batteries moved forward to within about 4 miles of that point. All camp and garrison equipage had been left behind, and the teams sent back to Milliken's Bend to bring forward rations to keep the supply up to ten days on hand, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers --, from DEPARTMENT headquarters; but this train was seized and turned over to an ordnance officer to bring forward ammunition, and some of the regiments of the DIVISION were out of rations when we arrived at this point, and were supplied with bread by the post commissary.

On the 27th, the DIVISION did not move, for the reason that General Logan's DIVISION did not get past during the day, the roads being next to impassable.

On the 28th, the whole DIVISION moved together at 6 o'clock, and marched only about 4 miles during the day. I marched in the rear of General Logan's DIVISION, and the teams and batteries nearly all had to double the teams and go over the road twice.

On the 29th, the DIVISION was marched to Perkin's plantation, distance 11 miles, and bivouacked, and a few rations were obtained.

On the 30th, the march was continued to Hard Times Landing, opposite Grand Gulf, distance about 16 miles. At this point officers and men were a little disheartened upon learning that the Navy had found it impossible to reduce the Grand Gulf batteries, and that we must still continue our march down the river past this point before we could cross over.

Early on the morning of the 1st instant, I marched my command down the river to the point of embarkation for the east side. About the time of reaching this point, the rapid reports of artillery from the east side of the river announced that the advance of the army had come upon the enemy, and the soldiers were eager for the fray, and the infantry of the whole DIVISION (with the exception of the FIFTY-sixth Illinois, which was detailed to remain in command of Hard Times temporarily), consisting of about 5,000 men, embarked on board transports, sailed 10 miles down the river to Bruinsburg, and disembarked in about one hour and a half, and moved forward toward the front line of the army before the brigade and DIVISION commanders could get their horses across the river.

After marching about 10 miles from the river toward the field of battle, and to a point within about 3 miles of the field, and before the DIVISION commander and staff had got up, an order was received from the major-general commanding the corps, by Colonel Holmes, commanding the leading brigade, to fall back to the junction of the Grand Gulf road with the Bruinsburg and Port Gibson road, and form, so as to resist any advance of the enemy from Grand Gulf by that road.

Colonel Holmes had disposed of the SECOND and THIRD Brigades and one battery of artillery in order of battle when I arrived upon the ground. The First Brigade and remaining batteries, with the exception of one held in reserve, were disposed in order of battle as fast as they came up, and in such manner as to resist any attack from the direction of Grand Gulf.

These batteries did not arrive so that the disposition could be completed till 11 o'clock at night.

