
During this day the DIVISION marched 11 miles, and embarked on transports and sailed 10 miles and disembarked, and was carefully drawn out in order of battle at night at 1 o'clock.

On the morning of the 2nd instant, I received the order of the major-general commanding the corps to move forward my whole command at 3 a. m. to the field of battle. I marched accordingly, and at sunrise reported with my whole command on the field, having marched 6 miles.

At about 8 o'clock I was informed that the enemy had retired from the field, and I was ordered forward to Port Gibson, at which place I arrived with my command about 11 a. m., distance form the battle-field about 4 miles.

At this place the DIVISION remained about fire hours, during which time the pontoon bridge was constructed across the south branch of Bayou Pierre, and during this time Brigadier-General Crocker reported to take command of the DIVISION, which marched about 8 miles to the north branch of Bayou Pierre before halting for night, making 19 miles that the DIVISION marched on this day.

Upon Brigadier-General Crocker assuming command of the DIVISION, I assumed command of the First Brigade. One regiment (the Fourth Minnesota) was detailed on fatigue duty during the night, to repair the suspension bridge crossing the north branch of Bayou Pierre that the rebel army had fired and partially burned.

During the time that I commanded the DIVISION, I received great assistance from Captain Rochester, assistant adjutant-general; Captain L. B. Martin, temporary aide-de-camp; Lieutenant [Thomas S.] Campbell, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant [Ogden] Lovell, ordnance officer; Captain [Albert] Stoddard, judge-advocate and acting aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant [Charles L.] White, provost-marshal, all most gallant, efficient, and capable officers, and to all of whom I shall feel under lasting obligations.

On the morning of May 3, I crossed the north branch of Bayou Pierre with my brigade, following General Logan's DIVISION and leading the Seventh DIVISION. The enemy opened with artillery in our front early in the morning, but retired rapidly until General Logan's DIVISION led off the left, toward the Grand Gulf road, and the Seventh DIVISION was marching in advance on the road leading from the Port Gibson and Jackson road to Hankinson's Ferry. When about 5 miles south of the ferry, the enemy deployed a long line of skirmishers, and formed a few regiments of infantry and put in position a battery of artillery.

Immediately, in obedience to your orders, I deployed one regiment, FIFTY-NINTH Indiana, as skirmishers, with the center resting on the road leading to the Big Black River, and crossing said road at right angles. The Fourth Minnesota was ordered forward as a support on the right, and the Forty-eighth Indiana as a support on the left of the road, with instructions to keep within supporting distance of the skirmishers.

When the skirmishers had advanced about 1 mile from the head of the main column, they came to the enemy's line, with two pieces of artillery in such position as to command all the open ground in front, through which my command was obliged to pass. This open ground was passed in the order above mentioned, under a heavy fire from the enemy's guns. The FIFTY-NINTH Indiana was the most exposed, but did their duty most manfully, obeying every order with alacrity. The Fourth Minnesota and Forty-eighth Indiana, as supports, moved up promptly and without hesitation. The conduct of all the officers and men was commendable and satisfactory. The enemy was driven from his first, SECOND, and THIRD positions, when, in obedience to your orders,

