
bivouacked about 1 mile north of the town. The Eighteenth Wisconsin Volunteers joined my brigade at this place.

On the morning of the 13th, I marched in rear of the THIRD Brigade on the road leading to Clinton, and passed through the town and bivouacked 1 mile east of it, on the Jackson road, my line of battle this night running across the railroad and the common road; distance marched this day, 9 miles.

My command marched from Clinton at 4 a. m. on the 14th, along the Jackson road toward Jackson, the SECOND Brigade leading the DIVISION and my brigade following the SECOND.

The enemy was found drawn up in line of battle in a strong position about 2 miles WEST of Jackson, his line of battle crossing the road at nearly right angles.

I received orders to form my brigade on the right of the road, the two left regiments, the Fourth Minnesota and Eighteenth Wisconsin, in reserve for the SECOND Brigade, already formed across the road, the other regiments, the Forty-eighth and FIFTY-NINTH Indiana, to the right of the SECOND Brigade, all to be covered from the fire of the enemy's artillery as much as possible. This disposition was immediately made. The troops were more exposed to the enemy's artillery fire than was at first apprehended, and the Fourth Minnesota was immediately ordered to form on the left of the road, and as a reserve to the SEVENTEENTH Iowa, of the SECOND Brigade. The other three regiments were moved close up under cover of the ridge occupied by the First Missouri Battery. This ridge was swept by the enemy's fire, but as soon as the skirmishers deployed from the FIFTY-NINTH Indiana had advanced far enough to ascertain that there was no enemy on the right flank, I ordered the brigade forward across the first ridge, with instructions to halt when the line should reach the ravine beyond, which was about 400 yards distant. This order was executed in the most satisfactory manner. The regiments crossed the ridge in perfect line at a run, and reached the SECOND ravine with the loss of not more than 10 men. Shortly after reaching this position, the enemy's main line of infantry was ascertained by the skirmishers in front of my brigade to be in the next ravine, in front of his batteries, and soon commenced driving back our line of skirmishers. I received the order from General Crocker to fix bayonets and charge through the ravine and all the way to the enemy's batteries, if possible. This order was immediately communicated, and the whole line commenced advancing, and moved forward irresistibly, until the whole line of the enemy's infantry was in full retreat and his batteries taken to the rear. This charge was one of the most splendid battle scenes that could ever be witnessed.

The whole line, with banners unfurled, went forward at double-quick and with more regularity than at an ordinary battalion drill. The fleeing lines of the rebels in front; the sharpshooters, who had been concealed behind cotton bales and in an old cotton-gin in front of the FIFTY-NINTH Indiana, throwing out white handkerchiefs at every window and over every cotton bale, taken in connection with the novel spectacle presented by Captain Dillon's battery charging forward close upon the line of infantry, made up a scene that can never be effaced from the mind of any who witnessed it, and can never be properly represented on paper.

No language an do justice to the conduct of the officers and men of my command during this engagement. All seemed to seek positions of peril instead of safety, and where the enemy was strongest and most secure from danger, there did they charge the fiercest and with the

