
greatest determination. After this charge the enemy immediately retreated through Jackson, and my command moved into the city, over the enemy's works and artillery, unmolested by a shot.

Captain L. B. Martin, acting assistant adjutant-general on my staff, seized the flag of the FIFTY-NINTH Indiana, my leading regiment, and, going far in advance of the skirmishers to the capitol, raised it over the dome, where it remained until the regiment moved from the town; and, Lieutenant Donaldson, aide-de-camp on my staff, riding also far in advance of the skirmishers to the vicinity of the prison, seized there a Confederate flag, made of double silk, that a cavalry company had apparently abandoned in its flight. On one side is the inscription, "Claiborne Rangers; " on the other, "Our rights. "

The prisoners, eight in number, taken by the FIFTY-NINTH Indiana at the cotton-gin, who were sharpshooters just arrived from South Carolina, were immediately sent to the rear.

My loss in the engagement was as follows:

Wounded.

Command. 	 Enlisted	 Officers.	 Enlisted

 men killed.	 	 men.

48th Indiana	 2

-----

9

59th Indiana

-----

1	 3

4th Minnesota

-----

-----

2

18th Wisconsin	 2

-----

18

Total	 4	 1	 32

During the night of the 14th, I supplied my command with three days' rations of sugar, bacon, and meal, and some other articles, most of which my quartermaster obtained from the penitentiary, and on the morning of the 15th my command marched back on the road toward Clinton, and passed through that place and bivouacked 4 miles WEST of it that night, having marched about 14 miles.

On the morning of the 16th, I moved my command at an early hour along the road toward Bolton and Edwards Depot, following the THIRD Brigade and Logan's DIVISION. I had marched but an hour and a half when rapid firing of artillery in front again announced the presence of the enemy.

My command moved forward rapidly, and arrived upon the field about the time the engagement became general.

I formed, as ordered, under cover of the woods, at the right of De Golyer's battery, and about 400 yards distant. During this formation I was under a Light fire of artillery and musketry, from which I lost a few officers and men.

As soon as my command was reformed, I received an order from General McPherson, commanding the corps, to send two regiments immediately to the support of De Golyer's battery. I ordered forward the FIFTY-NINTH Indiana, with instructions to form on the left of the battery, and the Fourth Minnesota, with instructions to form on its right.

This order was complied with in double-quick time, and about the same time the regiments were so formed the enemy commenced falling back at this point (the enemy's left), and the regiments advanced, the

