
The living are rewarded by the consciousness of having done all that human nature is capable of to suppress a most wicked rebellion and to preserve order and good government for themselves and posterity. But alas, for the patriotic and gallant dead; no language of mine can do justice to their virtues. May some Macauley or Bancroft recite in interesting narration their hardships, endurance, patriotism, valor, and achievements, and some modern Homer or Virgil live to sing them in heroic verse.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 10. Report of Captain John S. Foster, Fourth Independent Company Ohio Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Battalion, including operations April 25-May 23. HDQRS. MAJOR-GENERAL McPHERSON'S ESCORT, Before Vicksburg, MISS., May 24, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 92, section 3, I submit the following report:

On the morning of April 25, 1863, I left camp at Milliken's Bend, La., with 20 men of the company, as an escort for General McPherson. The remainder of the company, being left behind to move with the headquarters of the corps, marched to Richmond, La., distance, 12 miles, and encamped for the night.

On the 26th, marched to SMITH's plantation, on Bayou Vidal, and at that time the headquarters of the Department of the Tennessee; distance, 15 miles.

On the 27th, marched 6 miles farther and encamped.

On the 28th, marched to Perkins' Landing, on the Mississippi River; distance, 10 miles.

At 1 o'clock on the morning of the 29th, the march was continued to Hard Times Landing, about 20 miles below Perkins' Landing, opposite Grand Gulf, MISS., where we arrived that evening.

On the morning of the 30th, we moved to the place of embarkation Disembarked 12 miles below Grand Gulf.

After crossing on the morning of May 1 with a part of the company and moving rapidly forward on the Port Gibson road to Thompson's Hill, where a severe fight was in progress, arrived on the battle-field about 10 a. m. Here all my men were detailed as orderlies for the corps and DEPARTMENT headquarters; distance, about 20 miles.

On the morning of May 2, entered Port Gibson, and during the day was joined by that portion of the company which had been left behind to bring forward the headquarters train. On the evening of the same day, moved from Port Gibson to the north fork of Bayou Pierre, distance about 13 miles, arriving about 10 p. m., and was occupied until near daylight the next morning with an officer and 25 men in bringing in the stragglers belonging to the THIRD and Seventh DIVISIONS of the corps.

At 6 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd, crossed the bayou, and was sent, with my company and General Logan's escort, to reconnoiter the

