
front of the line of march, as the enemy were believed to be in force. I sent part of the command on the Willow Springs road, and, with the remainder, proceeded on the Grand Gulf road. Found the enemy in considerable force, with artillery, infantry, and cavalry, on both roads, but evidently retreating in the direction of Hankinson's Ferry, on the Big Black River. I sent part of the cavalry with General Grant to Grand Gulf, and, with the remainder, accompanied the corps, reconnoitering the front and flanks, and at night encamped on the Big Black at the above-named ferry; distance, 8 miles.

The next day was occupied by me in reconnoitering the country in the direction of and beyond Rocky Springs, capturing a number of horses, mules, wagons, and commissary stores, which were turned over to their respective departments, receiving receipts therefor.

Remaining in camp on the Big Black until the afternoon of May 7, moved to Rocky Springs; remained till the morning of the 9th, and took the advance of the army, reconnoitering the front of the line of march until the army arrived within 8 miles of Raymond, Hinds County, Mississippi, having considerable skirmishing with the enemy about 5 miles north of Utica on the afternoon of the 10th, encamping for the night on Weeks' plantation, and 23 miles distant form Hankinson's Ferry. Here a battalion of cavalry, composed of my company and Companies A and E, SECOND Illinois Cavalry, and Company C, FIFTH Missouri Cavalry, was formed, in obedience to orders from headquarters SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, to the command of which I was assigned, the battalion numbering 162 men for duty.

The 11th was occupied by me in reconnoitering the roads in front, to the right and left of Weeks' plantation, for a distance of 5 or 6 miles, encamping that night 2 miles in advance of said plantation.

On the morning of the 12th, I proceeded with my command at 3,30 a. m. on the Raymond road, soon meeting the enemy's cavalry, and commenced skirmishing with them, driving them within 2 miles of Raymond, losing Private Philip Wagner, Company C, FIFTH Missouri killed, and Herman Fensky, same company, wounded, and found the enemy in force, who being engaged by General Logan's DIVISION, I used my command in watching the movements of the enemy on the right and left of our line of battle, with occasional skirmishing. After the enemy was routed, I started in pursuit, following them until after dark and about 3 miles beyond Raymond, capturing a number of prisoners; returned, and encamped in the latter place for the night; distance, 9 miles.

vance of the column on the morning of the 13th on the Clinton road, scouting the country in every direction, and skirmishing all day with the enemy's cavalry, encamping for the night in Clinton, 10 miles distant from Raymond.

On the 14th, reconnoitered the country in the advance and flanks of the column, on the Jackson road, meeting the enemy's pickets about 5 miles from Jackson. The enemy being engaged by General Crocker's DIVISION, I used my cavalry in ascertaining, if possible, any movement on the part of the enemy to flank our position; also to communicate with General Sherman, who was on the right of our position. At the close of the fight moved into Jackson and encamped for the night; distance, 10 miles.

On the 15th, marched back on the Clinton road, passed through the town of Clinton, in the direction of Bolton Station, on the Vicksburg and Jackson Railroad, reconnoitering the country, encamping for the night on James' plantation, 15 miles from Jackson.

On the 16th, made a reconnaissance 3 or 4 miles to the right of Bol-

