
ton Station, visiting the plantation of Jefferson Davis, capturing his overseer, a lieutenant of the Twentieth Georgia Mounted Rifles [?], and a number of other prisoners, together with a number of mules and negroes of Davis'. The negroes were turned over to the pioneer corps of the THIRD DIVISION, and the mules into the corral of the same DIVISION. Returning, joined the army during the severe engagement at Champion's Hill, where my command was used for divers purposes-a part of them for orderlies, some for driving up stragglers, and the remainder to watch the movements of the enemy on the right of our line. After the close of the engagement, moved forward about 2 miles and encamped.

On the 17th, moved to Big Black, 6 miles distant, crossing the river on the morning of the 18th, and, reconnoitering to the right, came up with the column of General Sherman, moved on, and, after a march of 17 miles, encamped before Vicksburg.

From the 17th up to the 23rd my command has been detailed for different purposes, such as escorting wagon trains, &amp;c.

On the 23rd instant, I was ordered to direct my command, except those already detailed, and 13 more, to remain at headquarters SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, to report to Colonel Johnson at Haynes' Bluff, where they yet remain on duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. FOSTER,

Captain Fourth Independent Company Ohio Cav., Comdg. Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps.

Numbers 11. Report of Brigadier General John Gregg, C. S. Army, commanding Confederate forces. AT CAMP IN MADISON COUNTY, MISS., May 20, 1863.

MAJOR: While in camp 2 miles east of Jackson, MISS., at 3 a. m. on the 11th instant, I received a dispatch from the lieutenant-general commanding, directing me to move my brigade promptly to Raymond, and I was directed to use Wirt Adams' cavalry, at Raymond, for advanced pickets.

By 5 o'clock the entire brigade was on the march, and at 4 p. m. we were at camp near Raymond. Upon my arrival I found the people in great consternation, being under the impression that the enemy were advancing from Port Gibson. I found none of Colonel Adams' cavalry except a single sergeant and 4 men. There was a small State company, under the command of Captain Hall, who were, as I was informed, scouting in the direction of Port Gibson. I immediately sent forward Sergeant Miles and 4 men to put themselves in communication with Captain Hall, and bring me what information of the enemy's movements could be obtained. I also placed strong infantry pickets on the road leading out southwardly and to the WEST.

In the mean time I had dispatched Colonel Adams to move his command to Raymond, unless otherwise ordered by Lieutenant-General Pemberton, his command being at Edwards Depot. During the night Captain [W. R.] Luckett, with a squadron of 50 men, reported to me,

