
timber. The enemy was drawn up in two lines, but both lines were scattered immediately and fell back in a few minutes, but the enemy continued to re-enforce with fresh troops. The firing of musketry was rapid and continuous for men than two hours, and in that time I learned from Colonel Beaumont that no attack was made by the FIFTIETH because of the immense force which extended back in the woods as far as he could see, and because the enemy were advancing a large force on his left flank.

Owing to the failure of the FIFTIETH, Tenth, and Thirtieth Tennessee to attack, the enemy were enabled to place a force upon the left flank of the THIRD Tennessee. I immediately ordered up the Forty-first to relieve the left of the THIRD Tennessee. Colonel Farquharson moved up in good order and took position promptly. By this time the superior force of the enemy had driven back the Seventh Texas and THIRD Tennessee, after great loss from both these regiments. Their retreat was protected by the Forty-first Tennessee, and the enemy having moved up on the left of our line, and having engaged the Tenth, Thirtieth, and FIFTIETH Tennessee, the Forty-first also acted as a support to them.

In this part of the engagement Colonel R. W. MacGavock, of the Tenth Tennessee (commanding the consolidated Tenth and Thirtieth), was killed, and Lieutenant-Colonel [J. J.] Turner, of the Thirtieth, took command.

Receiving a dispatch at this time from Colonel Adams stating that the enemy had a large supporting force advancing, I ordered all the regiments to withdraw, which was effected in admirable order. Captain Bledsoe, with his artillery (one of the pieces of which burst during the engagement), continued during the whole day to keep back the enemy from advancing either through the open field or by the road, and I have reason to think did great execution among his lines.

During the engagement I ordered up Major [S. H.] Colms with his battalion (First Tennessee) upon the right of our line, to prevent the enemy from throwing forward any part of his force between my own and the town, and he here engaged the enemy also.

After the retrograde movement was commenced, Colonel [A. P.] Thompson, of the THIRD Kentucky, with six companies of mounted troops, reported to me, having just arrived from Jackson. I immediately placed this force in position, together with Captain Bledsoe and his two remaining pieces, and this position they held until the infantry had moved some distance in the direction of Jackson, when they withdrew by my direction.

I cannot speak in terms of commendation too high of the coolness and judgment manifested by the commanders of the different regiments.

Colonel R. W. MacGavock, of the Tenth Tennessee (commanding Tenth and Thirtieth Tennessee consolidated), was killed while gallantly urging his command to the conflict. Lieutenant-Colonel Beaumont was stricken on the head by a rifle-ball, and for a time disabled while in the midst of the action.

To all the commanding officers of regiments and battalions my thanks are due for the courage and skill displayed by them in the management of their commands, and I cannot too much applaud the judgment and coolness with which their efforts were SECONDED by the other field and company officers.

The losses will be seen by reference to the reports hereto annexed. It will be seen that they were severe, especially in the Seventh Texas and THIRD Tennessee. The aggregate of killed in the brigade was 73; wounded, 229; MISSING, 204. Of this number there were killed in the

