
first across the road, about 1 mile from town, during the first artillery fight. While thus posted we were ordered to move forward between the Gallatin and Utica roads, through the woods, for about half a mile, and were then formed in line of battle in the woods in front of an open field, with instructions to attack the enemy when the FIFTIETH Tennessee became engaged, but as they made no attack we waited for further orders. While thus posted, the artillery was still engaged, and I could distinctly hear the commands of the Federal officers, some 400 yards in our front, forming in line of battle and also moving to our left in the direction of the Gallatin road. After remaining there for some FIFTEEN minutes, we were ordered to move to the left about 600 yards, which we did at a double quick, and we then formed in line in the edge of a dense woods, a large field being in our rear. I ordered forward a company of skirmishers in our front, and immediately I heard the engagement open between the enemy and the THIRD Tennessee and Seventh Texas. At this juncture we received an order leaving it discretionary whether to attack the enemy or not. After waiting a few minutes the skirmishers were withdrawn, and we moved rapidly by the right flank for about 500 yards, and reached a position near that of the THIRD Tennessee, and after seven of the consolidated companies had filed into the field, the whole command changed direction by the left flank and moved forward rapidly in line. As soon as those in the field reached the crest of the hill, the enemy opened upon us from the front and right, and Colonel MacGavock ordered a charge, which was responded to with alacrity by all the command. The command charged forward gallantly, cheering and firing as they went. The enemy, being on our right flank and strongly posted in the woods in our front, poured into our ranks a most destructive fire. We, however, drove them from the field on our rigched the woods, but were forced to fall back to the top of the hill, and I formed them immediately in rear of the crest of the hill, and ordered them to lie down and load and fire, so as to be protected from the enemy's fire, which continued very heavy. The three consolidated companies on the left wing being in a dense pine woods, could not move as fast as the balance of the command, and, seeing the right fall back, I ordered the left to half on the crest of the hill, and lie down under cover and load and fire to the right and front. Colonel MacGavock, in a few seconds after ordering the charge, while gallantly leading his men, fell, mortally wounded, and some 5 commissioned officers of the Tenth Tennessee were wounded about the same time. The firing thus continued for about half an hour without intermission on either side.

We had left the FIFTIETH Tennessee on our left, and I understood that they were to remain there to protect that flank, but, hearing nothing from them, I became apprehensive, and sent out Captain [C. S.] Douglas with a company of skirmishers to our left, who came back in a few minutes and reported that the enemy had advanced a heavy force in the open field on our left for some 250 yards in rear of my left flank, but separated from it by a dense pine undergrowth, some 200 yards wide, which had concealed their movement from my view. The enemy being in full force in my front, and sweeping around on my left with superior numbers, with the evident intention of gaining the Gallatin road and attacking us in the rear, so as to cut off our retreat, I at once saw that the only alternative was to quietly withdraw from the front and attack those on our left. I about-faced the command, and moved it back to the hollow some 100 yards, and then moved them by the right flank into the woods near the field where the enemy were, and ordered the whole command to cheer and halloo and charge the enemy at a double-

