
quick, being forced to do so. Faced by the rear rank, the order was enthusiastically responded to by officers and men, and at them they went, yelling like savages. The enemy stood till we came near the field, and delivered one volley at us, and then broke in utter confusion, and attempted but once to rally on their colors, but we came up within 30 steps of them and killed their color bearer, and the rout was complete. We drove them in all some 600 yards and until they reached the thick woods, and where they had a regiment drawn up in reserve, and fearing to advance longer, I ordered back the command to the crest of the hill, and formed them to lie flat down. I then posted Captain [John] O'Neill's company on the highest point of the hill, behind some houses and trees, to watch the enemy, and to fire on any of his advance or skirmishers that came in range, the fire being kept up all the time by the sharpshooters on each side. In about twenty minutes the enemy formed in line in the edge of the woods about 250 yards in our front, and threw forward their skirmishers at a run to a ravine about 50 yards from as, but Captain O'Neill's company, and some others below in some stables, poured into them a heavy fire, and they were forced to lie flat down in the ravine and conceal themselves, never again annoying us. While posted at this position I had from the cover of the hill a fine view in front and on either flank, and I saw two regiments of the enemy in our front and two on our left, moving in the direction of the Gallatin road, and who were fired into by the skirmishers of the Forty-first Tennessee, besides some cavalry moving in the same direction; their number, however, I could not estimate.

We fought in the different engagements four regiments of the enemy without any assistance from artillery, and at the time we were ordered to retire a large number were without ammunition, and had we remained much longer we must have been captured. We secured and sent to the rear some 15 or 20 prisoners in the last engagement. In the first engagement I have no accurate means of knowing the loss of the enemy, but it was fully equal to our own, however; in the SECOND fight, as we passed over and occupied the ground fought on, I can judge of their loss with considerable occupancy, and I estimate their killed and wounded there at 150; 20 were counted near one stable. When we fell back to town we lost 3 wounded.

The men and line officers of both regiments, with but few exceptions, did their whole duty, and it would be invidious to mention the names of any without giving all.

Lieutenant-Colonel [William] Grace and Major [B. G.] Bidwell were present all the time, and did their whole duty as brave and gallant officers.

Adjutants [T. R.] Kelsey and [E. T.] Bush were prompt in carrying all orders, and contributed much to our success by their bravery and gallantry.

In the fall of Colonel MacGavock the service has lost a brave and meritorious officer, and society and educated and talented gentleman.

The following is a list* of the casualties of the Tenth and Thirtieth, so far as I can learn them.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES J. TURNER,

Lieutenant Colonel Thirtieth Tenn., Comdg. Tenth and Thirtieth Tenn.

[Captain] Thomas W. HALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 739.

---------------

