
Major Robertson was consulted in almost all the important movements, and is entitled to a full share of whatever credit is due the regiment.

I must be permitted also to express my acknowledgment of the services of Captain Porter, of General Johnston's staff, who volunteered in my regiment, and commanded a company during the engagement.

Two of my largest companies (D and G) were on picket duty during the engagement, and another (Company E) was escorting a foraging train, and did not reach the field until the battle had been going on several hours. I felt their absence very keenly.

In the attack on the enemy in the old field, the last attack we made, I received a slight wound in the head, which bled profusely, but did not disable me.

The following is a list of casualties. *

All of which is respectfully submitted as my official report of the part sustained by the FIFTIETH Tennessee Regiment in the battle of Raymond.

T. W. BEAUMONT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain Thomas W. HALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Report of Major S. H. Colms, First Tennessee Battalion. MAY 16, 1863.

SIR: On Tuesday last, at Raymond, I was ordered to move my command out on the Port Gibson road, which was done. After we took our position, I was ordered to support Bledsoe's battery. About 2 p. m. I was ordered to occupy a position in a skirt of woods immediately in front of the enemy and on the north side of the Port Gibson road. This position was scarcely taken until I was ordered to double-quick and take position in the rear of Bledsoe's battery. The movement was nearly completed when I was ordered to check a flank movement of the enemy on their extreme left. I immediately moved my command forward, and took position in the field on the south side of the Port Gibson road, under the fire of the enemy's batteries, and on his extreme left, where I found [formed] my line of battle as last designated. The enemy had drawn up in line two regiments, and was in the act of making a flank movement. As soon as they saw us in line on their left flank, they fled behind a skirt of woods on the south side of the field and disappeared. During this time the enemy's sharpshooters and their batteries were keeping up a most terrific fire upon us. When the enemy disappeared from our front, I changed my position to the road on the left of Bledsoe's battery, and then again by order still farther to the left, under the brow of a hill in the field to the left of the road.

In this action we suffered severely in killed, wounded, and MISSING, a list of which is as follows:*

S. H. COLMS,

Major First Tennessee Battalion.

Captain Thomas W. HALL,

Assistant Adjutant General.

---------------

*See p. 739.

---------------

