
Numbers 17. Report of Colonel H. B. Granbury, Seventh Texas Infantry. IN CAMP near CALHOUN STATION, MISS., May 15, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On Tuesday, the 12th instant, about 9 a. m., I received orders from Brigadier-General [John] Gregg to move my regiment from its position in camp near Raymond, MISS., to a point about 1 mile south of the town, near the fork of the Port Gibson and Utica roads. In half an hour I was in position in a small wood on the left of the road, and about 100 paces from the fork, the enemy's cavalry being then in view in the field southward. I sent Captain [T. B.] Camp, of Company B, with a small detachment of picked men from his company, and Company A (armed with Enfield rifles), to a bridge on the Utica road, some 300 or 400 paces in advance of the position the occupied by the regiment. In a few moments he was engaged with the enemy's cavalry, and he reports 3 unhorsed.

In the mean time, the enemy had a battery in position about 600 yards in advance of our position, and opened fire on Captain [H. M.] Bledsoe's battery, then being planted in the field, on the right of the road and a little to the rear of my position. Private [D.] Kennedy, of Company H, was wounded in the leg by a shrapnel from the enemy's battery. In the course of three-quarters of an hour I moved my regiment, by the general's order, diagonally through the wood to an open field to the left, forming for attack at a position opposite the bridge, at which Captain Camp's skirmishers were engaged. The THIRD Tennessee were already in line of battle on my left. I advanced skirmishers (leaving Captain Camp's detachment to protect my right flank), under Captains [W. H.] SMITH and [J. H.] Collett, the line following at a distance of 100 paces. The ground was open to the top of the hill in front, and from there across a creek bottom to the enemy's SECOND line on the next hill was wooded.

I should have remarked that, before advancing, Private J. L. Galloway, of Company A, was severely wounded in the shoulder by a grape or canister shot, the enemy's battery having discovered and opened fire on us while forming.

As my skirmishers neared the wood on the brow of the hill, the enemy commenced firing form their first line of infantry, posted near the base of the hill. I ordered my regiment to advance in double-quick time. The men obeyed with alacrity, and, when in view of the enemy, rushed forward with a shout. So near were the enemy and so impetuous the charge, that my regiment could have blooded a hundred bayonets had the men been supplied with that weapon. As it was, the enemy fled after firing one volley, leaving a number of prisoners, among them Captain Tubbs, Twenty-THIRD Indiana Infantry, who struck at Major [K. M.] Vanzandt with his sword, and was disarmed by Sergeant [J. M. C.] Duncan, of Company K.

The enemy made a stand of some ten minutes at the creek, when we took position just beyond the run of the creek, using the bluff as a breastwork. After holding this position an hour and a half (during which time the firing was uninterrupted and terrific), I received word from Lieutenant-Colonel [C. J.] Clack, THIRD Tennessee, that the enemy were outflanking his regiment on the left. I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel [W. L.] Moody to withdraw the right of the regiment, and I went

