
to see Major Vanzandt, to attend to the left and center. Reaching the left, I thought we could still hold the position, and reflecting that General Gregg had told me that the Tenth, Thirtieth, and FIFTIETH Tennessee Regiments were to attack the enemy's right, I dispatched a runner to Lieutenant-Colonel Moody, with an order to hold his position. The messenger was killed before reaching Colonel Moody, and he, following the original order, withdrew about three companies from the right. Upon reaching the open field to the rear, he rallied these, with some stragglers from other regiments, and seeing the Tenth Tennessee going into action on the left, joined them with the remainder of the regiment. I held the position on the bluff of the creek until the men had exhausted their own ammunition and emptied the cartridge-boxes of the dead of the enemy and of our own killed and wounded; besides, the THIRD Tennessee having previously withdrawn, the enemy had doubled round my left flank, and were pouring a murderous enfilading fire along my already shattered ranks. I then ordered a retreat.

Captain [W. H.] SMITH (Company F), after acting with marked gallantry, fell, pierced with three balls. Captain [J. W.] Brown was wounded in the head and abdomen, but borne form the field and saved. Captain [J. H.] Collett (Company G) was wounded by a grape-shot. Captain [O. P.] Forrest (Company H) fell in the retreat. I do not know the nature of his injury. Lieutenants [J. C.] Kidd (Company A), [J. W.] Taylor (Company D), and [A. H.] White (Company I), were all wounded. Lieutenants [J. D.] Miles (Company G) and [T. S.] Townsend (Company E) were slightly wounded. Lieutenants [W. A.] Collier and [J. N.] Monin (Company K) were at the creek when the retreat was ordered. They are among the MISSING. All these officers were in the front of the fight, and behaved with the soldier's best courage.

The cool bravery of Lieutenant-Colonel Moody, on the right, and Major Vanzandt, on the left, sustained the regiment for so long a time in this unequal combat.

The above statement of facts will show that all the officers of the line and the men did their whole duty.

My loss in killed is known to be so many as 22; in wounded, 66, and MISSING, 70.

The woods were very thick, and it is probable that many of the MISSING are either killed or wounded. My judgment is that there were as many as 30 or 40 of the enemy's killed from the edge of the wood to the creek and in the run of the creek. What their loss was beyond the creek, where we did the greatest execution and fought the longest, is a matter of conjecture.

My regiment went into action with an aggregate of 306. Total loss in killed, wounded, and MISSING, 158.

I omitted to state that Captain [E. T.] Broughton, Company C, was among the last to leave the creek, having animated his men throughout the affair with his presence and bearing. He is among the MISSING.

I send herewith a memorandum in detail of the casualties* as far as known.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. GRANBURY,

Colonel Seventh Regiment Texas Infantry.

Captain Thomas W. HALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 739.

---------------

