
force can be embarked and the working of the canal insures supplies, the movement against Port Hudson will proceed. Though the danger of going against Grand Gulf before the canal is done is understood, still, General Grant thinks it necessary to take the risk, for fear the enemy may get before him. It is, however, now settled that McClernand will not go farther than Grand Gulf, but will remain there to command the post, while General Grant himself will go on to Port Hudson, taking McPherson and 30,000 troops with him. Enemy still, apparently, have no idea of this movement, but look constantly for an assault on Haynes' Bluff or Vicksburg direct.

Health and spirits of troops excellent. Weather cool and somewhat rainy, but not enough so to spoil the roads.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 16, 1863.

C. A. DANA,

Milliken's Bend, via Memphis:

Your several dispatches have been duly received, and are very welcome. Allow me to suggest that you carefully avoid giving any advice in respect to commands that may be assigned, as it may lead to misunderstanding and troublesome complications.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

MILLIKEN'S BEND, La., April 16, 1863-6 p. m.

VIA MEMPHIS, April 24. (Received April 25-4. 40 p. M.)

Vicksburg batteries will be run to-night about 9 o'clock. Fleet will consist of six iron-clad turtles, viz: Benton, Mound City, Carondelet, Louisville, Pittsburg, and DeKalb, besides Lafayette, iron-clad, and General Price, heavy armed ram. Admiral Porter had intended to take the Tuscumbia, iron-clad, also, but had concluded to leave her in Yazoo. Transports consist of Henry Clay and Forest Queen, side-wheel steamers, and Silver Wave, stern-wheel, having twelve barges in tow, or following separately in the current. The barges carry the camp equipage of General McClernand's corps, some forage, and some coal. There is also transports are protected in vulnerable parts by bulwarks of hay, cotton, and sand-bags. No doubt is felt that design is known in Vicksburg, and Admiral Porter will fire all his guns in passing. Our new batteries on the levee will also participate.

General Grant goes to New Carthage to-morrow morning to direct the subsequent operations from that point, though, as I have previously reported, General McClernand will command the attack upon Grand Gulf. All of McClernand's troops that remain here, including A. J. Smith's and Carr's DIVISIONS, have marched for New Carthage.

Quinby's DIVISION, of General McPherson's corps, arrived here yesterday. Quinby remains at Helena, dangerously sick, and the command devolves upon Colonel J. B. Sanborn. McPherson, with one of his other DIVISIONS, probably McArthur's, is expected to-day or to-morrow, and his whole corps should be here within five days. The weather is perfect

