
wounded exceeds the usual ratio. The loss in my corps for the attack of May 22 will not fall much short of 600 killed and wounded.

Our skirmishers still remain close up to the enemy's works, while the troops are retired a short distance in the ravines, which afford good cover. Strong working parties are kept employed in opening roads to the rear and preparing covered roads to the front. By taking advantage of the shape of the ground, I think we can advance our workyards of the redoubt which commands the road, after which the regular sap must be resorted to. Captain Jenney, engineer of my staff, has organized the parties, and will set to work immediately at two distinct points, one in Blair's and the other in Steele's front.

Our position is now high, healthy, and good. We are in direct and easy communication with our supplies, and the troops continue to manifest the same cheerful spirit which has characterized them throughout this whole movement.

I have as yet received no detailed reports of my DIVISION commanders. Indeed, our means of transportation have been so limited and our time so constantly employed that but little writing has been done; but as soon as possible I will supply you with accurate reports of all the details of events herein sketched, with names of killed and wounded, and the names of such officers and men as deserve mention for special acts of zeal and gallantry.

I have sent in about 500 prisoners, with lists of their names, rank, regiments, &amp;c., and now inclose the papers relating to those paroled at Jackson, MISS. *

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel John A. RAWLINS, A. A. G., DEPT. of the Tennessee.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General James M. Tuttle, U. S. Army, commanding THIRD DIVISION, including operations May 2-22. HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, Fifteenth ARMY CORPS, Walnut Hills, MISS., May 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the movement that has resulted in the investment of Vicksburg up to the present time.

We left our camp at Duckport, La., on the Mississippi River, on the morning of May 2, with three days' rations, and proceeded to Richmond, La., by way of the new road down Willow and Walnut Bayous. Owing to the bad state of the roads, we made but 8 miles the first day, and bivouacked on the margin of Willow Bayou.

May 3, we marched 15 miles to Richmond.

May 4, we marched to SMITH's plantation, 18 miles.

May 5, we reached Perkins' plantation, 12 miles, at noon. There we drew two days' rations and bivouacked for the night.

On the 6th, we marched 13 miles, and bivouacked, after crossing the pontoon bridges, at the outlet of Lake Saint Joseph.

---------------

*Omitted

---------------

