
until 4 p. m. the next day. A plenty of fresh meat was procured, but very little meal, not enough for one-tenth part of the command. Having no cooking utensils, the soldiers cooked their meat on sticks and as best they could. We reached Rocky Springs some time after dark on the evening of the 9th, where we remained until the morning of the 11th. Here the commissary brought up some rations of hard bread and meat, and issued three-FIFTH rations for three days. This scanty supply of hard bread was a great relief and a great luxury for the soldiers, who renewed their march on the morning of the 11th, refreshed and in fine spirits.
At Cayuga the Ninety-FIFTH Ohio, Colonel McMillen, was ordered to Hall's Ferry, on the Black River, to guard that crossing, but the road the colonel was directed to take took him to Baldwin's Ferry, where he found a few of the enemy's pickets, which he drove across the river. Colonel McMillen returned to the brigade with his regiment on the evening of the 13th, having made about 12 miles extra marching, which was very severe on his men.

May 14. -To day, according to the regular programme of the march, my brigade was entitled to lead, but, by order of General Sherman, General Mower took the advance and my brigade the rear, General Tuttle's DIVISION being in advance of General Steele's. On the march, Waterhouse's battery, which had been assigned to my brigade, was ordered forward, and, when the advance encountered the enemy's skirmishers near Jackson, was ordered into position. My brigade was ordered int line of battle in the rear of the THIRD Brigade, and advanced in line across an open field, crossing a ravine, which proved to be deeper than was supposed. After crossing the ravine, General Sherman ordered the brigade to follow the batteries by the right flank. The batteries being again ordered into position, the Seventy-SECOND Ohio was ordered to take position on the right, and the other regiments to support the batteries on the center and left. This point was in range of the enemy's batteries, which were served with admirable precision.

Here the Ninety-THIRD Indiana had 2 men killed and 8 wounded, 1 mortally-since dead; the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois, 1 killed and 2 wounded; Waterhouse's battery, 2 wounded. This was the first time these two regiments had been under fire, but officers and men behaved with the coolness of veterans. Not a man left his post. Colonel McMillen, with the Ninety-FIFTH Ohio, was ordered to reconnoiter the enemy's position on the right, where he found the enemy's rifle-pits unoccupied, and thereupon marched into the city and to the rear of the enemy's batteries, taking them by surprise. Colonel McMillen captured 6 guns, 1 captain, 3 first lieutenants, 2 SECOND lieutenants, and 46 enlisted men. The Ninety-FIFTH Ohio had the honor of being the first to enter the capital of Mississippi. Having marched my brigade within the enemy's works, I was ordered to encamp in a grove near the road leading out of the city westward. We went into camp, and the men had got pretty comfortably fixed for drying their clothes, having marched most of the day in a drenching rain, when I received an order to post my brigade along the rifle-pits, in position to man them in case of an attack. This was pretty hard for men who had marched all day in the rain, with very little to eat, the rain still continuing at intervals. The order was obeyed, and submitted to with less complaint than might have been expected under the circumstances. The next morning my brigade was ordered to proceed at once to destroy the railroad leading from Jackson to Vicksburg. We had not a tool of any description, and could procure none from the provost-marshal. I borrowed four axes of Waterhouse's bat-

