
the THIRD day after leaving Grand Gulf, I received three-fifths rations of crackers for my men (having been four days without bread). From that time until I arrived at Clinton, on our return from Jackson, I did nor receive any rations from the Government, but had to rely upon the country for provisions, which you, gentlemen, have a good idea as to the amount we received.

We arrived at Jackson on the 14th day of May, my men being very much fatigued (it having rained all day incessantly). Our brigade (the First, General Buckland commanding), being in the reserve, formed line of battle in the rear of the SECOND (General Mower's). When we received the fire of the enemy, the SECOND Brigade was deployed to the right and left of the road, the First Brigade coming up in the center to the support of Waterhouse's battery. My regiment being in column, and in direct range of the enemy's battery, suffered considerably from the shells. Although they were exploding incessantly for over an hour, my men and officers stood like old veterans, the shell doing execution at every explosion. (I make this remark on account of this being the first fire my regiment was under.)

My loss in killed and wounded in this engagement was 3 killed and 7 wounded. One of my men had his leg taken off by a shell, and was left at Jackson, and is now at Richmond, Va.

We arrived at Vicksburg on the evening of the 18th. My regiment took position on the main Vicksburg road, and held the position until I was relieved by General Ransom (of General McPherson's corps) at midnight.

On the 19th, our DIVISION acted as a reserve to General Blair's DIVISION. At 2 o'clock we moved forward on the road leading to the large bastion in front of the Fifteenth Army Corps, under a very heavy fire of musketry, grape, &amp;c. I took position on the crest of the hill next in front of the bastion on the left of the road, and on the left of the One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Regiment, its right resting on the road, my left extending to the right of General McPherson's corps. While getting into this poman killed and 2 wounded.

About 11 or 12 o'clock the night of the 19th, I was notified by an officer from the brigade in my front, belonging to General Blair's DIVISION, that they were moving out, and ordered me to place out pickets in my front next the intrenchments, which I did, and continued so to do until the morning of the 22nd, when I was ordered to report to the brigade in the rear, it having withdrawn the evening previous from my right.

On the morning of the 22nd, I again moved forward immediately in a hollow in the rear of my position on the 19th. Laid there one night and day, when our brigade was moved to the rear of Waterhouse's and SECOND Iowa Batteries, when I furnished from one to two companies a day as sharpshooters and 150 men as diggers.

My loss in killed and wounded at Vicksburg was 3 killed and 13 wounded.

On the morning of the 22nd of June, I took up line of march for Little Bear Creek, and on the 4th of July I was again on the move for Jackson, via Messinger's Ford. Crossed the river in the evening of the 6th. My regiment was sent forward as skirmishers, accompanied by two companies from the brigade. After firing a few shots, the enemy disappeared.

Arrived at Jackson on the 10th. Formed a line of battle in an open field in the rear of Waterhouse's battery. While in this position the batteries in the large bastion on the Jackson road, and especially the big gun, troubled us a great deal, and also the unexploded shell fired at

