
Waterhouse's battery, by striking in and around my regiment, but the men, as before, at Jackson, stood firm and unflinching.

I held this position until the evening of the 15th, when the First Brigade was ordered to relieve a brigade of General Osterhaus' DIVISION on the right, which was done at 9 p. m. same evening. The next morning General Sherman ordered our pickets to advance on the enemy's works, he having information that the enemy were evacuating. We soon fou not he case. Company E, Captain McGrayel, of my regiment, participated in the advance and acquitted himself with great credit. The position my regiment occupied was very much exposed, but the men and officers sustained themselves as heretofore with great credit.

My loss at this fight at Jackson was 1 killed and 3 wounded; making a total since crossing the Mississippi of 30 wounded and 7 killed.

D. C. THOMAS,

Colonel, Commanding Ninety-THIRD Indiana.

General EWING,

Colonels WILLIAMS and BLOOD.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel William L. McMillen, Ninety-FIFTH Ohio Infantry. JACKSON, MISS., May 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-FIFTH Ohio Volunteers in the engagement at this place yesterday:

We reached the field of action with the balance of the brigade, and deployed, by order of Colonel Buckland, on the left of the road leading into Jackson. We advanced in line for some distance, and then by the flank to within a mile of the city, at which point my regiment was ordered to make a reconnaissance, under the direction of one of General Sherman's staff. Deploying one company as skirmishers, we advanced to the right of our line until we struck the New Orleans Railroad, and then along that road toward the city, taking possession of a rebel camp and a long line of rifle-pits, both of which we found deserted. Here I formed in line, and planted my colors in full view of the city. Learning from a negro who came to me that the place had been evacuated, with the exception of a small number left to work a battery which was playing at the time on our main column, and ascertaining from him also its position, I moved my regiment rapidly through a street in the suburbs and gained its rear. Deploying once wing as skirmishers, and forming the other in line, I advanced, capturing the battery (nine pieces), 52 prisoners, consisting of 1 captain, 3 first lieutenants, 2 SECOND lieutenants, and 46 non-commissioned officers and privates, and about 40 stand of arms.

A list of the prisoners is herewith forwarded. I am happy to state that I met with no casualties, and cannot speak in too high terms of the bravery, gallantry, and endurance displayed by every officer and man of my regiment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. McMILLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. A. RAWSON,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigade, 3rd DIVISION, 15th Army Corps.

