
ment as it marched up to the assault. None faltered or seemed weak with fear, but each man's countenance bespoke a determination to do or die, and had it not been ordered otherwise I believe every man would have passed the fearful place or lain his body on the way.

Great credit is due to Lieutenant-Colonel Gere and to the officers of the regiment generally, both at Jackson and Vicksburg, for their efforts in preserving order among the men and for their examples of personal daring and gallantry in action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. HUBBARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel MALMROS,

Adjutant-General, Minnesota.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General Charles L. Matthies, U. S. Army, commanding THIRD Brigade, including operations May 2-22. HDQRS. 3rd BRIGADE, 3rd DIVISION, ARMY CORPS, Walnut Hills, MISS., June 1, 1863.

SIR: I have to honor to submit the following reports:

1. From the day the brigade left Duckport, La., until the day of the commencement of the siege of Vicksburg.

In obedience to orders of DIVISION headquarters, this brigade, formed by the Eighth, TWELFTH, and Thirty-FIFTH Regiments Iowa Infantry, left camp, Duckport, La., May 2, at 9 a. m. Owing to the bad state of the road, our movement was much delayed that day. We bivouacked 10 miles from Richmond.

Reached Richmond May 3, at 4 p. m., leaving camp on the 4th, at 6 a. m. Nothing impeded our march, the roads being good. We reached Hard Times Landing May 7, at 10 a. m.

After a short delay at that place, the Eighth Iowa Infantry was transported on a gunboat, and the TWELFTH and Thirty-FIFTH Iowa on a small transport boat, across the Mississippi River to Grand Gulf, MISS. remained in camp until May 8, at 11 a. m., and, after drawing three days' rations, we marched without interruption. We made camp 10 miles from Grand Gulf.

Advanced to Rocky Springs on May 9; rested over on Sunday, the 10th; bivouacked on the 11th, 9 miles from Edwards Depot; bivouacked on the 12th in line of battle; passed Raymond at 4 p. m. ; formed line of battle 3 miles east of Raymond, the brigade on the left of the SECOND Iowa Battery; advanced in the whole line in good order, and bivouacked for the night 3 miles WEST of Mississippi Springs.

May 14, at 5 a. m., the brigade advanced toward Jackson, following the SECOND Brigade.

The most drenching rain, which poured down on our men and flooded the roads, made this last march very fatiguing. Sharp firing was heard during this march toward our left. The men felt cheerful, and soon reached an elevation 3 miles WEST of Jackson, where, by order of Major-General Sherman, the brigade was placed on the left of Captain Waterhouse's battery. Changed this position again, by order of General

49 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. I

