
Tuttle, and was formed on the left of the SECOND Brigade, which was advancing into line of battle on one of the main roads toward Jackson. Here the brigade was halted, and was ordered by Major-General Sherman into line on the right of the SECOND Iowa Battery, which was placed on the left of the main road, near the enemy's works. Skirmishers thrown out to the front soon entered the rebel rifle-pits, and two companies from the Eighth Iowa Infantry established a connection with the Ninety-FIFTH Ohio Infantry, which occupied the rebel rifle-pits on my left. Several shells, which were thrown from the rebel works over my line, endangered the lives of Major-Generals Grant and Sherman, whose headquarters were established in front of a small cottage in the immediate rear of my brigade.

The order of advance was given by General Tuttle to "move on the works. " We only proceeded 50 paces, when the brigade was ordered to march by the right flank on the right of the road toward town, the enemy having evacuated. The brigade was then ordered by General Tuttle to occupy the rifle-pits on the southwest side of the town. During the afternoon we captured 12 rebel prisoners.

On Monday (15th), in obedience to orders from DIVISION and army corps headquarters, I moved with my brigade 5 miles on the railroad leading north out of Jackson, and destroyed 3 miles of that road so thoroughly that every tie was burned and every rail bent, so it will require new material to put that part of the road in operation again. At 8 o'clock we returned to the rifle-pits southwest of the town with 15 prisoners, whom I turned over to the provost-marshal of the post.

On the 16th, at 11 a. m., we left Jackson, and reached Bolton on the 17th, at 2 a. m. Left camp at daylight; bivouacked at Bridgeport; crossed the Big Black on the 18th, at 6 a. m., and arrived on the rebel lines, in rear of Vicksburg, at 4 p. m.

In obedience to orders from Major-General Sherman, the brigade moved (May 19) on the plantation road leading north from the white house to the Chickasaw Bayou to join Major-General Steele's forces in that neighborhood, who were to establish a communication between the Yazoo River Landing and our army.

On my arrival at the old battle-ground at the bayou, I was ordered back to my place of starting, the above object having been accomplished by Major-General Steele before I reached him.

The brigade captured 10 rebel prisoners, who secreted themselves in a deserted camp below the bluffs. In all, 37 prisoners were taken.

Casualties at battle of Jackson. -Stephen Keenan, Company E, Thirty-FIFTH Iowa, killed; James H. Byers, Company G, Thirty-FIFTH Iowa, wounded; Peter Johnson, Company F, Thirty-FIFTH Iowa, removed from ambulance on road near Jackson, supposed to be killed, and reported MISSING.

Casualties May 19, rear of Vicksburg. -James N. SMITH, Company C, TWELFTH Iowa, killed; F. C. Cromwell, Company A, TWELFTH Iowa, wounded; Daniel E. McCall, Company C, TWELFTH Iowa, wounded slightly on chin while on picket May 27; [Major John H.] Stibbs, TWELFTH Iowa, severely wounded by accidental discharge of pistol May 13.

2. From the first day of investment of Vicksburg (May 22 to June 1) this brigade remained in reserve.

During the 22nd was ordered in the evening of that day to occupy the present position, in the rear of Waterhouse's, Spoor's, and Wood's batteries; the position being a natural fortification, which was improved with much labor by the good and willing men of the THIRD Brigade.

The time from the 23rd of May to June 1 was usefully employed to

