
strengthen these works and to dig approaches toward those of the enemy.

Sir, I take pleasure in mentioning Lieutenant-Colonel Edgington, of the TWELFTH Iowa Infantry, Major Palmer, of the Eighth Infantry, and Major O'Connor, of the Thirty-FIFTH Iowa Infantry, for the prompt and energetic manner with which they placed their skirmishers into the rifle-pits before Jackson, and were the first officers from our army corps which entered that city. The cheerfulness with which officers and men of this noble brigade endured fatigue, and marched under so many privations, and the eagerness with which they faced the enemy, cannot but command the highest praise from all of us.

Casualties May 22. -First Lieutenant James C. Maxwell, Company C, Eighth Iowa, slightly wounded in arm; Corpl. Thomas Harris, Company B, Eighth Iowa, severely wounded on left hip; Corpl. Amos L. Graves, Company K, Eighth Iowa, severely wounded in left arm; William Eddy, Company G, Eighth Iowa, severely wounded in left side by the premature explosion of one of our own shells, and John A. Rowan, Company B, severely wounded in the left leg by premature bursting of one of our own shells.

Captain, I remain your most obedient servant,

C. L. MATTHIES,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. B. SAMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Jesse I. Alexander, FIFTY-NINTH Indiana Infantry, First Brigade, Seventh DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, including operations May 3-24. CAMP near Vicksburg, MISS., May 24, 1863.

I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my command from the 3rd instant up to the present date:

I was relieved from the command of the brigade and returned to my regiment at 10 o'clock of said day near Bayou Pierre, MISS., when, in obedience to your orders, I moved forward with my regiment, the FIFTY-NINTH Indiana Volunteer Infantry, at 12 m. on the main road leading to the Big Black River. After advancing about 1 mile from the head of our main column, with Companies A and K thrown forward as skirmishers, found the enemy in strong position, with two pieces of artillery so posted as to command the road and all the open ground in his front, his line of skirmishers thrown forward 200 yards, and his reserves and artillery support formed immediately in rear of his guns. I immediately deployed the remaining eight companies of my regiment as skirmishers, my line crossing the road at right angles and covering a front of 1,500 yards. The line advanced steadily under a heavy fire, and the enemy was driven from his first, SECOND, and THIRD positions.

Of the behavior of the officers and men under my command, I will not speak, as you were personally on the ground and saw for yourself.

I have to report the following casualties: Private Eli FAUCETTE, Company E, killed; Private James W. Van Slyke, Company E, mortally

