
wounded (since died). A number of enlisted men sustained slight injuries-hardly to be called wounds.

In the evening moved up and encamped near the Big Black River, where we remained from the 4th to the 8th.

On the 9th, marched 4 miles east of Rocky Springs, and encamped.

On the 10th, marched to a point 3 miles east of Utica.

On the 11th, moved 2 miles.

On the 12th, moved in the direction of Raymond, when, about 12 m., heard heavy firing, and was ordered forward at a double-quick to the support of Logan's DIVISION. Moved up, and formed in rear of his left under fire from the enemy. The enemy were soon repulsed. There were no casualties in my command.

On the 13th, encamped 1 mile east of Clinton.

On the 14th, marched to within 1 mile of Jackson, when, in obedience to your order, my regiment was formed on the extreme right, throwing forward Companies K, A, and H as skirmishers, covering my front and right flank, when we joined with the DIVISION in the general assault on the enemy's works. The enemy was driven from his position, leaving his dead, wounded, and guns in our possession.

At this point Captain L. B. Martin rode up and asked for the colors of the FIFTY-NINTH. I ordered them given to him, when he placed our colors on the dome of the capitol, where they remained in charge of my color guard, whom I had ordered to guard them till next morning. They were the first and only colors planted on the capitol of Jackson. We encamped in the city. Casualties, 4 wounded.

On the 15th, left Jackson and marched 4 miles WEST of Clinton.

On the 16th, marched early in the direction of Vicksburg. At 11 a. m. heard heavy firing in front. Moved forward rapidly, and by your order was formed on the right of General Logan and in the rear of the Fourth Minnesota; was ordered to the left, and relieved, under the personal direction of General Leggett, the Thirtieth Illinois, which retired to replenish its cartridge-boxes. The enemy, mistaking the retiring Thirtieth Illinois for a general falling back of our lines, made a violent assault on my command. They were promptly met and driven back with great slaughter, First Sergeant Ford, of Company C, capturing the colors of the Forty-sixth Alabama.

In the mean time I had advanced my command and sheltered the men in a ravine, which position we held to the end of the battle. Casualties: Killed 2; wounded, 8.

On the 17th, marched to the Big Black and built a bridge.

On the 18th and 19th, remained in camp.

On the 20th, marched 20 miles, and rejoined the DIVISION near Vicksburg.

On the 21st, moved 1 mile, and took position on the left of the THIRD Brigade.

On the 22nd, in compliance with general orders from DEPARTMENT headquarters for the general assault, I was attached to the THIRD Brigade, Colonel Boomer commanding, till 2 p. m., when we were ordered to the support of General Burbridge's brigade.

The list of casualties will sufficiently attest the dangers we encountered.

JESSE I. ALEXANDER,

Colonel FIFTY-NINTH Indiana Volunteers.

Captain L. B. MARTIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

