
Numbers 10. Report of Colonel Gabriel Bouck, Eighteenth Wisconsin Infantry including operations May 13-July 6. HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS, Vicksburg, MISS., August 7, 1863.

SIR: Received marching orders at Milliken's Bend, La., to report to Major-General McPherson, May 13, 1863.

Reported, and was assigned to First Brigade, Seventh DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps. Bivouacked that night near Clinton.

On the morning of May 14, we marched and met the enemy near Jackson, MISS. Gave them battle and whipped them. Loss, 23 killed and wounded. Bivouacked in Jackson that night.

May 15, marched toward Vicksburg, MISS. Bivouacked, and on the morning of the 16th took up our line of march, and got into the fight at Champion's Hill. Loss, 1 killed and 4 wounded.

About 9. 30 a. m. on the 17th, marched on toward Black River. That night assisted in constructing a bridge across Black River.

May 18, marching orders. Went 3 1/2 miles toward Vicksburg. Our brigade ordered back. Got back, and regiment went on picket.

May 19, relieved from picket, went to camp, and in the afternoon at 4 o'clock formed line of battle. remained in line until 10. 30 p. m., when we crossed the bridge in rear of all our transportation. Bivouacked for the night, and on the morning of the 20th took up line of march for Vicksburg. Arrived at our works or lines and took position that evening (21st) in camp.

May 22, ordered out skirmishing. Ordered in again at 10 a. m. Advanced with the brigade on to the enemy's works. The Eighteenth Regiment ordered out skirmishing, and was not relieved until the night of May 23. In both days our loss was 13 killed and wounded.

On the night of May 26, ordered into line, and went on an expedition to Yazoo River.

Went into camp at Haynes' Bluff on the afternoon of May 31, and got back to old position June 4.

Went out into rifle-pits June 6. remained in old position in rear of Vicksburg.

June 19, one man severely wounded.

Doing picket or skirmish duty until the surrender of July 4, when we changed position.

July 6, went into camp inside the fortifications, having been doing any amount of duty ever since.

GAB. BOUCK,

Colonel, Commanding Eighteenth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Numbers 11. Report of Colonel Samuel A. Holmes, Tenth Missouri Infantry, commanding SECOND Brigade, including operations April 18-May 23. HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SEVENTH DIV., SEVENTEENTH A. C., Before Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I herewith submit a detailed report of the operations of my brigade, consisting of the Tenth Missouri, SEVENTEENTH Iowa, Eightieth

