
took up the line of march, with the rest of the DIVISION, for Vicksburg. Marched 8 miles to Clinton, where I encamped, with orders to report to Major-General Grant at that place, which I did, the remainder of the DIVISION moving on.

Early on the morning of the 16th, I received orders from Major-General Grant to move immediately to join the DIVISION. Heavy firing being heard in the direction of Champion's Hill, I hurried forward with dispatch toward that place, distant 13 miles. Arriving within about 3 miles of the field of battle, I was met by orders to leave my train parked in guard of a regiment. The Eightieth Ohio, Colonel Bartilson, was assigned to this duty. The two remaining regiments, the Tenth Missouri, Lieutenant-Colonel Horney, and the SEVENTEENTH Iowa, Colonel Hills, continued to advance by the main road, the SEVENTEENTH Iowa leading, until engaged with the enemy. The enemy occupied a strong position upon a steep, wooded hill, over which the road ran, flanked by deep ravines. This point had been sharply contested through the day, and at the time of the regiments of the brigade, was in the act of being retaken by the enemy. Colonel Hillis, SEVENTEENTH Iowa, encountering the enemy's fire, immediately formed forward into line and gallantly pressed on. I ordered the Tenth Missouri into line in the same manner and to advance. These two regiments drove the enemy from the position.

The gallant Lieutenant-Colonel Horney, commanding the Tenth Missouri, while moving his regiment across the road to the right to uncover the SEVENTEENTH, fell, pierced by several balls, and the command devolved upon Major Francis C. Deimling, who led the regiment with great bravery through the rest of the fight. In this brief but fierce contest four pieces of artillery, which had been captured by our forces and again retaken by the enemy, were recaptured by the SEVENTEENTH Iowa, together with the colors of the Thirty-first Alabama (rebel) Regiment. The position being taken was not again disputed. I estimate the number of prisoners taken by my brigade at not less than 300.

My loss in this action, in the two regiments engaged, was 103 killed, wounded and MISSING, detailed reports of which are annexed. *

After the battle my brigade was ordered to remain to bury the dead, subject to the orders of Brigadier-General McGinnis, detailed with his brigade on the same duty.

On the 19th, I marched to Black River, joining Colonel Sanborn, with the First Brigade, and crossed the river during the night at the upper crossing. Before leaving Champion's Hill I was joined by the FIFTY-sixth Illinois, absent no detached service since the crossing of the Mississippi. At the same point the Eightieth Ohio was detailed to guard prisoners, and is now absent on that duty.

On the 20th, I moved from my camp near Black River, with the Tenth Missouri, SEVENTEENTH Iowa, and FIFTY-sixth Illinois, to a position in the rear and near Vicksburg, and on the 21st to the position in front of the enemy's works now occupied by me.

On the 22nd, the brigade was moved to the front as support to the First and THIRD Brigades, of this DIVISION, in the general assault ordered on that day.

Although partially under fire on that occasion, I sustained but small loss, a report of which is herewith forwarded. + Later in the evening I was moved to the left of the line, to report as support to Brigadier-General Osterhaus. Upon my arrival I received orders to move to the

---------------

*See Part II, p. 10

+See Part II, p. 165.

---------------

