
attack of the enemy's works in his front, which order was almost immediately countermanded, owing to the lateness of the hour.

Early on the morning of the 23rd, I took up a position on the extreme left of our line, deploying skirmishers in front of the enemy's works and to my left, and at 3 p. m. same day returned to the position I now occupy.

In concluding this brief summary of the operations of this brigade throughout so long and active a period, I cannot withhold a just tribute to the lamented Lieutenant Colonel Leonidas Horney, commanding the Tenth Missouri Infantry, who fell, as stated, at Champion's Hill. He was truly a capable and valiant soldier, and his loss is very deeply regretted. Colonel Hillis, SEVENTEENTH Iowa; Colonel Bartilson, Eightieth Ohio, and Major Deimling, Tenth Missouri, as will be seen, have rendered distinguished service in the operations of the brigade.

I am also much indebted to the services of my personal staff, Captain W. W. McCammon, acting assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant H. H. Meredith, aide-de-camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. A. HOLMES,

Colonel Tenth Missouri Infantry, Commanding.

[Captain MONTGOMERY ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 12. Reports of Colonel Davis B. Hillis, SEVENTEENTH Iowa Infantry, including operations April 20-May 24. HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH Regiment IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Camp on Champion's Hill, MISS., May 17, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor of submitting the following report touching the part borne by my regiment (SEVENTEENTH Iowa Volunteer Infantry) in the engagement before Jackson, MISS., on the 14th instant:

In compliance with your order, I first formed my line on the left of the railroad, 3 miles WEST of Jackson, my right resting on said road, on a parallel with the Eightieth Ohio, which was formed on the right of the road. The regiment occupied this position at a halt for perhaps twenty minutes, when your ordered me to move by the right flank across to the right of the road, which movement I was executing when I was ordered by General Crocker to move by the left flank to the front, maintaining my right on the left of the dirt road, on a line with the Eightieth Ohio and Tenth Missouri, they being on the right of said road, which I did. Upon this line I advanced about 1 1/2 miles before encountering the enemy.

At this point I met his skirmishers, who reluctantly and slowly fell back as I pressed them upon their first line, which was composed of the Twenty-seventh [Twenty-fourth] South Carolina Sharpshooters, immediately in front, and another regiment on their right (my left), the name of which I have forgotten, formed in a ravine, with heavy underbrush between my line and theirs, at about 150 yards from my front. At this point the line, of which my regiment was the extreme left, was halted. You then ordered me to take the ravine, which I did by a bayonet charge at a double-quick, breaking the enemy's line and pressing him up and over the crest of the next hill. Having reached this crest, I ordered the regiment to cease firing and commanded a halt. After having rested

