
here some twenty minutes or more, I was ordered by you to throw forward one company in front of my line of skirmishers at a double-quick, to investigate the brush and woods in advance. This duty I intrusted to Company H, Captain Craig, which they did skillfully, discovering no enemy, as he had field in great confusion, abandoning his position and camp, fort, containing four pieces of artillery, which the captain entered and took possession of and held until ordered forward into Jackson by General McPherson. The captain, therefore, claims the honor of having first entered the works and taken possession of the guns. Soon after this it was announced that the enemy had gone and that Jackson was occupied by our troops. This, then, ended the fight of Jackson, after which we moved forward and bivouacked for the night upon the premises of a Mrs. Clifton, in the suburbs of the city.

I went into action with 350 men, and lost during the engagement 16 killed, 60 wounded, 3 MISSING, and 1 disabled by a shell, making an aggregate of 80 men, or 23 percent, of my command. The principal loss sustained was while charging the enemy down the ravine, where my left wing, being unsupported, was exposed to a severe cross-fire from the right of the enemy's lines.

I cannot speak in too high terms of praise of the gallantry and zeal displayed by the entire command. So well did all do their part that none are deserving of special mention, unless it be Captain L. W. Huston, who, while suffering from a very painful and severe wound through his left fore-arm, away from all assistance, seized a gun from one of three rebels and brought the three into the hospital, and Lieutenant-Colonel Wever, and Captain Walden, who commanded the left wing, and had his horse killed under him, and Adjutant Woolsey, to all of whom I am indebted for their coolness and assistance, and take pleasure in commending.

Respectfully,

D. B. HILLIS,

Colonel, Commanding SEVENTEENTH Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel SAMUEL A. HOLMES,

Comdg. SECOND Brigadier, Seventh Div., SEVENTEENTH Army Corps.

HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Before Vicksburg, MISS., May 26, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 27, from your headquarters, of date May 24, 1863, I herewith submit a report of marches, battles, and other operations of the SEVENTEENTH Iowa since leaving Milliken's Bend (April 20) to May 24.

April 20, the regiment left Milliken's Bend at 9 a. m., and marched 12 miles, to Richmond, La. Went into camp at 3 p. m., and remained until April 25.

At 9 o'clock a. m., marched 10 miles, to Holmes' plantation, and bivouacked.

April 26, at 6 a. m., marched 8 miles, to SMITH's plantation, and bivouacked at 12 m., and remained until April 28.

At 9 a. m. marched 4 miles through mud from 4 to 6 inches deep, and bivouacked near Colonel Fisk's (rebel) plantation.

April 29, marched 12 miles, and bivouacked at 12 m. at Perkins' plantation.

April 30, at 6 a. m., marched 12 miles, and bivouacked 6 miles from the place of crossing the river.

