
May 1, marched 6 miles to crossing; the regiment crossed in a gunboat by 2 o'clock, and immediately marched (9 miles) out of re-enforce McClernand, who was engaging the enemy near Port Gibson.

May 2, at 6 a. m., marched 10 miles to Port Gibson, and halted in the town to await the reconstruction of the bridge across Big Bayou Pierre, which the rebels had burned in their retreat. At 4 p. m. crossed the bayou and marched 8 miles by 8 o'clock, and bivouacked in a field.

May 3, marched 1 mile to bridge across Little Bayou Pierre and awaited the repairing of it. The rebels were but a short distance on the other side. We crossed, and shortly afterward our brigade was ordered into position on the left of the road to Big Black River, the SEVENTEENTH and Eightieth in line and the Tenth Missouri in advance, skirmishing; but not finding the enemy, we were shortly ordered forward, and marched 4 miles, and went into camp near Big Black River, where we remained (occasionally capturing a few rebels while on picket) until May 9.

At 5. 30 a. m. same day marched 12 miles on Jackson road, and bivouacked on the crest of a pine ridge.

May 10, marched 10 miles, and bivouacked in a thick underbrush 3 1/2 miles WEST of Utica.

May 11, marched 2 miles to a more comfortable position.

May 12, marched 9 miles to within 2 1/2 miles of Raymond, expecting to join in the engagement which was progressing. On our arrival my regiment (together with the Tenth Missouri and Eightieth Ohio, of our brigade) was formed in line of battle on the crest of a hill commanding the valley in which the battle was raging. While here, the Tenth and Eightieth were ordered forward, while my regiment was left on the hill for perhaps FIFTEEN minutes, when it was ordered forward by General Crocker (commanding Seventh DIVISION), and marched 3 miles to a point one-half mile northwest of Raymond, and bivouacked at 9 p. m.

May 13, marched 10 miles, and bivouacked 2 miles east of Clinton; stormy weather.

May 14, marched 4 miles, and were formed in line of battle, my regiment on the left of the Jackson road, the right resting against said road, and were ordered forward (through a pelting rain) in line of battle, and advanced without resistance for perhaps 1 1/2 miles, when I encountered the enemy's skirmishers, and was shortly after hotly engaged, losing 16 killed, 60 wounded, 1 disabled by a shell, and 3 MISSING; making an aggregate of 80, or 23 percent, of the number engaged (350), as per official report.

My skirmishers entered the fortifications (containing four pieces of artillery) and occupied them until ordered forward into the city. We encamped in the suburbs of the city for the night, and procured a supply of meal and bacon for my boys, who had been for some days on short rations.

May 15, marched 8 miles to Clinton, and were retained (together with the Tenth and Eightieth) while the rest of the corps moved forward toward Big Black River.

May 16, marched 12 miles to Champion's Hill, where as desperate battle was being fought; were double-quicked through dust and a burning sun, and immediately formed in line of battle on the left of the Vicksburg (dirt) road, from which point I charged the enemy, who were severely pressing the center of our lines, driving him in confusion before me, completely routing and scattering his center, and capturing a stand of colors, 175 prisoners, and recapturing four pieces of artillery which had been previously captured, but retaken by the enemy.

