
difficulty of moving down Bayou Vidal. General Grant now seems inclined to direct this attack himself, and to leave McClernand to hold this place, while, with the bulk of McClernand's and McPherson's corps, he himself goes down to Port Hudson for which, he thinks, 20,000 troops will suffice. J. McArthur's DIVISION has not yet arrived here. The last of Logan's came yesterday. Quinby being sick, General Grant tells me J. C. Sullivan will take his DIVISION. From our batteries of 30-pounder Parrots on levee opposite Vicksburg 250 rounds have been fired, mainly at railroad depot, without apparent effect. They are firing to-day at the court-house used by the enemy as a signal station. It is a mile farther than the depot. General Grant talks of building a team road hence to New Carthage, for use in case the canal is left dry by falling of the Mississippi. He propose to use the iron on the Vicksburg and Shreveport Railroad.

A very trustworthy spy of General Grant tells him that there are in Mississippi agents to secret organizations in Southern Indiana and Illinois, who report that they are armed and ready for insurrection. Officers in this army, who, three months ago, told me they would never serve along with negro regiments, now say that Adjutant-General Thomas makes bad speeches to troops, but that they shall obey orders, nevertheless.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

MILLIKEN'S BEND, April 22, 1863,

VIA MEMPHIS, April 25.

Yours of the 16th was received yesterday. Its direction shall be scrupulously observed even in extreme cases. The fleet of six transports could not be gotten ready to run the Vicksburg batteries, but are now prepared and go to-night. They are manned throughout-officers, engineers, pilots, and deck hands-by volunteers from the army, mainly from Logan's DIVISION. This service was sought with great eagerness, and experienced men have been found for every post. If 10,000 men had been wanted instead of 150, they would have been zealously supplied. In addition to bulwarks of hay, cotton, and beef barrels, each transport is protected by a barge on each side of it. Orders are to drop noiselessly down with the current from mouth of Yazoo, and not show steam till batteries begin firing, when they are to use all their legs. The sky is now cloudy, and a very favorable night is promised.

No dispatches from McClernand. Admiral Porter reports to General Grant that McClernand has succeeded in getting a transport up Bayou Vidal to Smith's plantation, so that he can move his troops down to New Carthage with some rapidity. Admiral Porter has found a mouth to Bayou Vidal which has 15 feet of water, and with but few trees to be removed, and even those do not prevent, though they hinder, navigation. Admiral Porter does not report any important reconnaissance down the river, or say that he has done anything to prevent Bowen's return to Grand Gulf. G. G. Pride has got two small transports and some barges through his canal into the bayou, and thinks they must have reached Richmond by last evening. At the mouth of the canal the depth of water is now 15 feet, and at its entrance into the bayou 6 feet. Four dredges work day and night deepening the channel, but some alarm is felt at the report of a sudden and unexpected fall of the Mississippi at Memphis and above. A fall of 15 feet, which is rumored

