
After the battle I rested my wearied boys on the roadsides until 5 o'clock, when we were ordered into camp.

In the engagement I lost 5 killed, 49 wounded, 1 MISSING, and 2 disabled; making an aggregate of 57, or 25 per cent. of the number engaged (which was between 200 and 230), as per official report.

May 17 and 18, engaged in burying the dead and attending to the wounded.

May 19, marched 7 miles to Big Black River, and were formed in line of battle while the trains were crossing the pontoons, after which I crossed the Big Black and bivouacked 1 mile beyond.

May 20, marched 19 miles to within 1 mile of our lines around Vicksburg, and bivouacked at 11 p. m. in a deep ravine with the First Brigade of our DIVISION.

May 21, moved out and took position in front of, and about half a mile distant from, the rebel forts.

May 22, at 9. 30 a. m., moved forward to within 300 yards of the forts. While in position in a ravine, 1 captain and 2 men of my regiment were wounded and carried from the field. At about 3 p. m. we moved (3 miles) to the right of the enemy's lines, and bivouacked in a ravine on the left of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois. Here we received a two days' supply of rations.

May 23, moved out and took position at 8 a. m. in a ravine in front of the center of the enemy's right, which we occupied until 3 p. m., when we were moved back (3 miles) to the position occupied on the 21st, where we now are.

Total distance marched, 191 1/2 miles. During the marches from Milliken's Bend the regiment received less than an average of one-THIRD rations, but, notwithstanding this, it is worthy of note that during the whole of this trying but brilliant campaign not a murmur was heard in the ranks.

Respectfully,

D. B. HILLIS,

Colonel, Commanding SEVENTEENTH Iowa Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM W. McCAMMON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 7th Div., 17th Army Corps.

Numbers 13. Report of Major Francis C. Deimling, Tenth Missouri Infantry, including operations April 20-May 23. HEADQUARTERS TENTH REGIMENT Missouri INFANTRY, In the Field, in rear of Vicksburg, MISS., May 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 85, Headquarters Seventh DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment from the time of leaving Milliken's Bend, La., up to and including the 24th instant:

It is necessary to state that up to the 16th instant the regiment was under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Leonidas Horney. On that day this officer was instantly killed on the battle-field at Champion's Hill, and consequently the duty of making a report of the movements and actions of the regiment while under his command has devolved upon myself.

At 7 o'clock on the morning of Monday, April 20, the regiment, as

