
part of the SECOND Brigade, Seventh DIVISION, in pursuance of orders from Major-General McPherson, marched from Milliken's Bend, La., to Richmond, La., about 12 miles distant, at which place it remained encamped until the morning of April 25, when it marched 10 miles to Holmes' plantation.

Sunday, April 26, marched 8 miles to SMITH's plantation. Weather very hot, causing much suffering among the men. Encamped on Roundaway Bayou near its junction with Bayou Vidal, at which place we remained until 8 a. m., April 28, when, leaving all camp and garrison equipage, marched over very had roads from recent rains 7 miles to Fisk's plantation.

April 29, marched from last-named place, crossing two bayous by means of pontoon bridges, 9 miles to a plantation, name unknown.

April 30, drew six days' rations, three of which were issued to the command, and marched 22 miles to Perkins' plantation, on Lake Saint Joseph, and 2 miles from Hard Times Landing, on the Mississippi River.

May 1, marched 2 miles to Hard Times Landing, and 3 miles down the levee to Bruinsburg Landing, on the Mississippi River; leaving all public and personal baggage, embarked on board the gunboat Carondelet, dropped down the river about 4 miles, and landed on the Mississippi shore.

From the time of starting on this day, the action then in progress at Baldwin's Hill being in full hearing, the regiment was as soon as possible hurried forward in support. Marched 10 miles, and at 8 p. m. bivouacked for the night.

At 2 a. m. of the 2nd we marched for Port Gibson. At 9 a. m. passed over the battle-ground of the previous day, and at 2 p. m. entered Port Gibson. remained there two hours, and, passing over a newly made pontoon bridge across the bayou at town, marched 8 miles to Bayou Pierre, and bivouacked about 11 p. m.

May 3, started at daybreak, and after marching 1 mile found the advance, under General Logan, checked by a force of the enemy posted on the hills commanding the road across Bayou Pierre. After some skirmishing the enemy withdrew his forces, and the regiment, as part of the DIVISION, marched about 3 miles, when, leaving the main road to the right, it turned off to the left toward Black River, and after advancing about 1 mile the head of column was checked by a force of the enemy, consisting of the First Missouri (Confederate) Battery, with infantry supports. The regiment was formed on the road in support of the First Missouri Battery, U. S. Volunteers, and a brisk artillery skirmish ensued.

About 2. 30 p. m., by order of Colonel S. A. Holmes, commanding brigade, the regiment was deployed as skirmishers to the left of the road across --- Creek, and through a heavy timber ravine, the Eightieth Ohio and SEVENTEENTH Iowa Regiments being formed in line of battle about 150 yards to the rear as support. The skirmishers were cautiously advanced until the right rested on the left of the skirmishers of the First Brigade of this DIVISION, and within 300 yards of the position of the rebel battery. remained in this position for about one-half hour, when, the enemy retiring, the regiment was reformed and marched with the brigade and DIVISION in pursuit about 6 miles to Black River and bivouacked.

Remained until the 9th instant, when, General Steele's DIVISION arriving, we marched 10 miles on the Utica road and encamped.

May 10, marched at 10 a. m. 8 miles to a point 2 miles beyond Utica.

