
May 11, marched 1 mile and bivouacked.

May 12, at 7 a. m., marched about 7 miles toward Raymond. When within 2 miles of the town went into position on the left side of the road, in support of the Eleventh Ohio Battery, which was posted on a ridge about 50 yards to the front. remained in this position about thirty minutes, the enemy, under General Gregg, being actively engaged by General Logan's DIVISION, when, by order of General Crocker, commanding the DIVISION, the regiment was marched about half a mile to the front and right, across a small creek, and moved to the right of General Stevenson's brigade, of General Logan's DIVISION, thus occupying the extreme right of the whole first line of battle. Company A was deployed as skirmishers to the right and front, and the regiment advanced with the first line about 1 1/2 miles to the southern edge of the town, from which the enemy retired, leaving his dead and wounded, the skirmishers capturing 1 lieutenant and 5 men of the Tenth Regiment Tennessee Infantry, C. S. Army. Marched through town and bivouacked about 7 p. m. on the northwestern side of the same.

May 13, marched 9 miles to Clinton, on the Vicksburg and Jackson Railroad, and bivouacked 1 mile east of town, near the railroad.

May 14, the DIVISION marched at 6 a. m. on the Jackson road, the Tenth Missouri occupying the right. At the crossing of the Jackson road by the railroad, Company A, under Captain C. A. Gilchrist, was deployed as skirmishers on the right and left of the road, at 5 paces' interval, with Company D as first reserve on the road, anCOND reserve on the same. The skirmishers and column advanced about 2 1/2 miles, when, at 9 a. m., the enemy was discovered in force, with infantry and four pieces of artillery, posted on a commanding ridge on the farm of O. P. Wright, with a line of skirmishers deployed to his front. The regiments of the brigade were here deployed into line, the SEVENTEENTH Iowa Regiment on the left of the road, their right resting on the road, the Eightieth Ohio on the right of the road, and the Tenth Missouri Regiment on the same line and to the right of the Eightieth Ohio. The rain-storm which had been falling during the morning now increased in violence, during which the pieces of the First Missouri Artillery were placed in position, three to the right of the house of Mr. Mann, on a ridge and to the left of a cotton-gin. One piece of the same battery was placed on the road to the left of the house and garden fence, the Tenth Missouri Regiment being moved to the support of the above-named three pieces on the right and about 40 paces to the rear, the First Brigade being formed in a SECOND line and about 50 yards to our rear. During all this time the enemy kept up a brisk fire with his artillery with shell and solid shot.

At about 11 a. m. the whole line was ordered to advance, and the skirmishers soon engaged those of the enemy, gradually driving them on their supporting line. The regiments moved forward, under a heavy fire of artillery, about 400 yards over two ridges, and formed under the crest of a THIRD ridge, the other regiments of the brigade occupying their same relative positions. We remained here about FIFTEEN minutes, the enemy continuing his fire. Colonel Samuel A. Holmes, commanding the SECOND Brigade, now commanded that bayonets be fixed and a charge be made upon the enemy. The order was obeyed. The troops moved forward at double-quick, cheering wildly, driving in first the enemy's skirmishers and then their main line, passing over about 500 yards, under a terrific fire or shell, canister, and musketry, to the house of O. P. Wright, in and behind which, and the hedges, fences, and trees surrounding it, the rebels were hidden and protected. Here ensued an

