
almost hand-to-hand conflict with the Twenty-fourth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, the Tenth Missouri suffering severely from the streams of fire which issued from behind every object which could furnish a protection to the enemy. We succeeded finally in dislodging and driving them some 200 yards to the left and toward the main road to Jackson, when, while reforming our line, a section of the Sixth Wisconsin Battery was rapidly brought upon the ground (the regiment forming the support to the same on the right) and completed the rout of the enemy.

The line of the brigade being again formed, advanced to near the brow of a hill in front of the earthworks on the outskirts of Jackson, from which works a brisk fire of artillery was kept up. Company F, Tenth Missouri, under command of Captain Joseph Walker, was now deployed as skirmishers to the front of the regiment. The enemy soon after deserted their works, leaving four pieces of artillery unspiked, and retreating through the town, destroying stores, &amp;c. The regiment advanced in line of battle to the outskirts of the town, and then by the flank to a deserted camp on the right side of the road, where it bivouacked for the night.

The regiment lost in this action 10 killed on the field and 74 wounded, several of whom have since died, a list of which is hereto appended, marked A.

During the evening such rations as could be procured were issued to the men, and at 10 a. m. of May 15 [the regiment] marched back to Clinton, bivouacking on the north side of the town.

On May 16, at 7 a. m., received orders to march, and proceeded westward on the Vicksburg road, heavy firing being heard to the front. At 11 o'clock, halted at the house of Mr. Edwards, where we passed the DIVISION train, the Eightieth Ohio Regiment being detached from the brigade for the purpose of rear guard. Resumed the march, the fire becoming heavier, when, about 2 p. m., crossing the railroad and approaching Champion's Hill, we were hurried forward to participate in the action, the men throwing off haversacks ande road. Arriving at the foot of the hill, we rapidly formed line of battle to the left, and charged up the hill over ground of the roughest and most broken character, meeting and checking the enemy, who was driving back in disorder and confusion the troops in our advance. We proceeded forward steadily over the hills and ravines, fighting the enemy, who contested the ground closely, until we arrived at a fence and open field, across which they fled into the woods beyond, endeavoring to form there, but by well-directed volleys we dislodged them, and they made no further appearance in this direction. The SEVENTEENTH Iowa Regiment having all this time engaged the enemy in the woods on our right and across the Vicksburg road, the regiment was moved by the right flank to their support, and in executing this movement Lieutenant Colonel Leonidas Horney, who, up to this period, had been in command of the regiment, was instantly killed, falling from his horse pierced with three shots in the breast and head. The command now devolved upon myself, as the only remaining field officer. The enemy at this time were advancing up the ravine on our now left, and I directed the fire of the left wing upon them, checking and driving them back. The right wing of the regiment, under the direction of Captain Charles A. Gilchrist, of Company A, had advanced down the slope in support of the SEVENTEENTH Iowa, and assisted in defeating the enemy's intention of recapturing and removing a battery from which they had

