
In fall the actions and skirmishes in which the regiment has been engaged during the past two weeks, the officers and men seemed to do everything which their duties as soldiers demanded. It might seem invidious, perhaps, for me to particularize individuals, but justice demands that some mention be made of several officers and enlisted men whose services deserve special notice.

In the action at Jackson, May 14, Color Sergt. Calvin R. Lingle, although weakened by disease, displayed undaunted courage and determination to keep the flag to the front, and only resigned it on the entrance into camp at Jackson. At the action at Champion's Hill, the colors were borne by Acting Corpl. Martin C. Carmody, who, although badly wounded in the face, refused to resign his charge, but steadfastly maintained it and his position in the ranks until the fire ceased. The dauntless courage of both of these men deserves honorable mention.

At the action at Champion's Hill, upon the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Horney, Captain C. A. Gilchrist assumed command of the right wing, and while I was engaged on the left, and unaware of the death of the lieutenant-colonel, rendered such services as deserve my hearty thanks and approbation.

In the actions at Raymond, Jackson, and Champion's Hill, and during the operations in rear of Vicksburg, the services rendered and coolness displayed while under fire by Adjt. John W. Boyd, Jr., are deserving of much commendation.

Surg. O. B. Payne, as heretofore, was indefatigable in his care and attention to the wounded of the regiment.

Number engaged at Jackson, 430; number engaged at Champion's Hill, as near as can be ascertained, say, 325.

Respectfully submitted.

F. C. DEIMLING,

Major, Commanding Tenth Regiment Missouri Infantry.

Captain WILLIAM W. McCAMMON,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 7th Div., 17th Army Corps.

Numbers 14. Report of Brigadier General John Gregg, C. S. Army, commanding at Jackson. IN CAMP near VERONA, MISS., June 22, 1863.

COLONEL: I make of the action had by the forces under my command with the Federal army at Jackson, MISS., on May 14, ultimo the following report:

It being evident that the Federal forces advancing upon Jackson were very large, General [Joseph E.] Johnston instructed me that the city would be evacuated, and that I should the command of the troops and hold the enemy in check until Brigadier General John Adams should have prepared his train and set out upon our line of retreat-the Canton road.

Pursuant to this, at 3 a. m. I ordered Colonel P. H. Colquitt, commanding brigade, to move his troops 3 miles toward Clinton, and myself proceeded toward Clinton and instructed him at what point on the road

50 R R-VOL XXIV, PT. I

