
he was to post his command. I also ordered Brigadier-General Walker to move his brigade to within easy supporting distance of Colonel Colquitt, and remain until it became necessary to render his assistance in order to prevent Colonel Colquitt's being forced back.

As a large force of the enemy (since learned to have been Sherman's corps) was approaching by the road from Mississippi Springs, I ordered Colonel [A. P.] Thompson, of the THIRD Kentucky Mounted Infantry, to take position on this road 2 miles from Jackson, and also ordered out to his support the battalion of sharpshooters (Major [A.] Shaaff commanding) belonging to Brigadier-General Walker's brigade, and Captain [R.] Martin's battery, belonging to the same brigade. Colonel [R.] Farquharson, commanding the brigade formerly commanded by myself, was ordered to march out on the Clinton road 2 1/2 miles, and thence move by the right flank across the open field toward the Livingston road, and whenever within sight of the enemy make such demonstrations as might impress him with the idea that it was our intention to fall upon his left flank.

At 9 a. m., the enemy came up by the Clinton road and commenced the attack. In a few minutes after, the attack was made by the force on the road from Mississippi Springs. Owing to the well-directed fire from Captain [J. A.] Hoskins' battery, and the fire of Colonel Colquitt's skirmishers, as well, I think, as the fact that Colonel Farquharson showed his command in line of battle on the hills to Colonel Colquitt's right, the advance of the enemy was very cautious and slow. His movement by the road from Mississippi Springs was retarded in the same spirited manner.

The fighting continued on both roads between the batteries (Captain Martin's being well served on the road from Mississippi Springs) and the skirmishers until near 2 o'clock, when I received notice that the trains were already on their way. I immediately ordered the entire force to withdraw, which was done in excellent order, our troops not having permitted the enemy to press them back at any point until the order was given.

The utmost good order prevailed, and during the fight the troops engaged (Hoskins' battery and Colquitt's brigade on the Clinton road, and Thompson's THIRD Kentucky and Martin's battery on the road from Mississippi Springs) behaved with the most determined coolness and courage.

Brigadier-General Walker's and Colonel Colquitt's commands moved through the streets of Jackson and came into their proper places from the different roads without interference with the movements of each other. Colonel Thompson, with his mounted infantry and Captain [T. M.] Nelson's company of cavalry, brought up the rear. Colonel Farquharson, by my order, proceeded obliquely across from the Clinton to the Canton road and fell into the column at his proper place.

The lists of casualties in Colonel Colquitt's different regiments are forwarded, but I have been unable to obtain a report from General [W. H. T.] Walker, though I think a few casualties occurred in his brigade. He has declined to make a report.

I have from reliable sources that the enemy's loss was 400 in killed and wounded. Our loss in killed, wounded, and MISSING was 200.

JOHN GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

