
Stevenson's brigade lost some 300, including Colonel J. J. Dollins killed. Sherman told me he had lost about 500, including Major [D. T.] Kirby, Eighth Missouri, who led a forlorn hope of 150 men, none of whom came back. The loss of the day in killed and wounded will probably not fall short of 1,500, through but for McClernand's mistake it would have been inconsiderable.

Our position was somewhat though not much improved by the day's operations. Sherman had at night two brigades sheltered by the front of the enemy's parapets. McPherson had gained the opportunity of mining a salient of the principal rebel fort.

Notwithstanding this repulse, involving the necessity of a more protracted investment, there is no doubt of the final result. Nothing can save the town except the arrival of heavy re-enforcement. To bring these up will be difficult unless force is withdrawn from before General Rosecrans.

The Warrenton road, which alone had been left open, was closed yesterday by McArthur with one brigade. He will be strengthened to-day and enabled to advance, so as to touch McClernand on his right; then the town will be absolutely inclosed. Our army is in the best of spirits, though impatient at the delays. Twenty-five thousand troops of General Banks' forces are on the way hither from Red River, and should arrive to-morrow at furthest. Of Joe Johnston we have no further intelligence, except that it is certain he is not in the town, and has probably gone east. Pemberton is sick, and his command is exercised by S. D. Lee. The garrison is apparently short of ammunition. Of this we took from them six railroad-car loads at Edwards Depot, and they destroyed four loads to prevent their falling into our hands.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BEHIND Vicksburg, May 24, 1863-7 p. m.,

VIA MEMPHIS, May 29-6 p. m. (Received June 1-3 a. M.)

Your dispatch of the 5th instant was received at Jackson and communicated to General Grant according to your direction. Yesterday morning he had determined to relieve General McClernand, on account of his false dispatch of the day before stating that he held two of the enemy's forts, but he changed his mind, concluding that it would be better on the whole to leave McClernand in his present command till the siege of Vicksburg is concluded, after which he will induce McClernand to ask for leave of absence. Meanwhile he (General Grant) will especially supervise all of McClernand has not the qualities necessary for a good commander, even of a regiment. The siege operations were energetically pushed yesterday and last night. McPherson holds, by nature of the ground in his front and the great advance of his line of sharpshooters, the position nearest the rebel works; in fact, he yesterday had a battery planted within 50 yards of one of their most important forts, and the rebels' guns were entirely prevented by his sharpshooters from returning the fire of this battery. Last evening he opened a mine under one of the salients of the work, and Captain S. R. Tresilian, engineer in charge, reported that he would be ready to blow it up at 8 o'clock this morning. It is uncertain whether the rebels have not another height within that

