
special necessity of mentioning this matter; but I want you to know that others besides myself agree in the necessity of the course I had already determined upon pursuing. Admiral Porter told me that he had written freely to the Secretary of the Navy, with the request that what he said might be shown to the Secretary of War.

General Gorman had gone up the White River with most of his forces, taking a great deal of the river transportation with him. I find great difficulty in getting boats to transport the troops. With the orders I gave, however, to release boats as fast as they can be dispensed with, I hope to remedy all difficulties of this kind.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.

MEMPHIS, TENN.,

January 20, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I found the Mississippi expedition at the mouth of the Arkansas, and started it from there immediately to Young's Point. A canal will at once be surveyed and cut. The weather is highly unfavorable for operations, and streams all very high and rising. The work of reducing Vicksburg will take time and men, but can be accomplished. Gorman has gone up the White River with a great part of his force. So many transports being kept there, makes it almost impossible to get transportation for troops. Both banks of the Mississippi should be under one commander, at least during present operations.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General. HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,

Washington,

January 21, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Memphis:

GENERAL: The President has directed that so much of Arkansas as you may desire to control be temporarily attached to your department. This will give you control of both banks of the river. *

In your operations down the Mississippi you must not rely too confidently upon any direct co-operation of General Banks and the lower flotilla, as it is possible that they may not be able to pass or reduce Port Hudson. They, however, will do everything in their power to form a junction with you at Vicksburg. If they should not be able to effect this, they will at least occupy a portion of the enemy's forces and prevent them from re-enforcing Vicksburg. I hope, however, that they will do still better and be able to join you.

It may be proper to give you some explanation of the revocation of your order expelling all Jews from your department. The President has no objection to your expelling traitors and Jew peddlers, which, I suppose, was the object of your order; but, as it in terms proscribed an entire religious class, some of whom are fighting in our ranks, the President deemed it necessary to revoke it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

*See telegram from Halleck to Grant, same date, quoted in Grant to Gorman, January 22, Part III, p. 5.

---------------

