
is posted with a brigade), are being obstructed by felling trees and destroying bridges.

The siege is being pressed with all possible vigor. Sherman has a breaching battery of four 30-pounder Parrotts at work within 80 yards of the chief fort in his front. McPherson has his approaches within 50 yards, with a battery all ready for three similar guns, which will be in position to-day or to-morrow. A messenger from Pemberton to Johnston has come into our lines. His message was that the place could not hold out longer than the end of next week. The garrison is worn out, and the majority of it anxious to surrender.

General Grant having twice sent to General Banks for re-enforcements, and [they] not having yet made their appearance, I have consented, at his urgent desire, to go down and urge General Banks to furnish them at once.

I have thought it to be my duty to do everything that may obviate the possible necessity of raising the siege of Vicksburg. I expect to be back here by June 4.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Chickasaw BAYOU, May 31, 1863-12 m.,

VIA MEMPHIS, June 5-10. 30 a. m. (Received June 7-8 p. M.)

I have returned here on my way to General Grant's headquarters, having met his previous messenger to General Banks last night, on the Mississippi, above Grand Gulf. General Banks is investing Port Hudson, and declines to send any forces here. He opened his lines May 21, with 12,000 men, and on the 27th assaulted the place ineffectually, losing 1,000 killed and wounded. He had ordered up 4,000 more troops from his forces below, which will make his force 15,000 and desires that General Grant should also send him re-enforcements. Grierson's cavalry, which General Grant pressingly needs, General Banks retains on the plea of necessity. He says that if he were to raise the siege, in order to help General Grant, he would still be unable to send him any more than 5,000 troops, as he must retain the bulk of his army there as long as Port Hudson is unsubdued. The number of the garrison he estimates at 6,000. Of their supplies of food and ammunition he knows nothing positively, and does not say how long he thinks it will require to reduce the place. I learn that Blair, with his two brigades, has arrived at Haynes' Bluff, in compliance with General Grant's order of day before yesterday. Of the news at General Grant's headquarters, nothing is known here.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

REAR OF Vicksburg, May 31, 1863-4 p. m.,

VIA MEMPHIS, June 3-3. 30 p. m.

Blair reports that there is no rebel force between the Yazoo and the Big Black, and that Johnston has now at Canton only 18,000 men, and does not intend to move until he has 40,000. Blair confirms his own previous report that three DIVISIONS have been withdrawn by Johnston from the army opposed to General Rosencrans, but these three DIVISIONS

