
a decisive point. General Banks thinks if he and 10,000 troops more he could reduce the place in a few days, but we have not facts enough to understand the grounds of this opinion. So far as it is possible to judge at this distance, a regular siege is as indispensable there as it is here. The reason General Banks gives for not co-operating with General Grant is that he could not spare more troops from his own army and still hold New Orleans safe against any possible attack; then he would, by giving up the siege, liberate the enemy to join Johnston.

Milliken's Bend and Young's Point were both attacked day before yesterday by a body of rebels reported at about 1,500. At Milliken's Bend the negro troops at first gave way, but hearing that those of their number who were captured were killed, they rallied with great fury and routed the enemy. The white troops at Young's Point also repulsed him decisively.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

REAR OF Vicksburg, June 10, 1863-7 a. m.,

VIA MEMPHIS, June 16-10. 30 a. m. (Received June 23-1. 30 a. M.)

General Grant has finally sent Washburn to Haynes' Bluff, and he will direct operations there for the present. Joe Johnston, with his main force, still remains at Canton, and Breckinridge at Jackson. The fortifications at Haynes' Bluff are now completely laid out. No great work will be required to render it easy to defend the place effectually. Our intrenchments there are calculated for 30,000 to 50,000 troops. The siege here has not yet reached fortifications of the enemy. Sherman's approach, though conducted through the most difficult ground, is nearest of all. His sap was within 50 feet of the rebels' front at 9 p. m. yesterday. McPherson is at about 80 yards or more. Both Sherman and McPherson have abandoned the idea of mining, and intend to crown the enemy's parapet with their artillery. It is now certain that the enemy have constructed a new interior line of defense within the main works, which Sherman is attacking. A violent fire of musketry was heard within Vicksburg yesterday afternoon. No doubt it was mutiny, as we know that disaffection has long existed among their troops, and that on the day of our attack (May 22) both Tennessee and Georgia regiments refused to fight.

A portion of W. S. Smith's DIVISION has arrived at Haynes' Bluff. I have from Dennis the particulars of the fight of the 7th instant at Milliken's Bend. There was no fighting at Young's Point, Captain Townsend, commander of convalescents, having drawn up his men so cunningly that the rebels, who were within sight in line of battle, thought themselves greatly outnumbered and withdrew. At the Bend, the battle began soon after daybreak and lasted about three hours. The rebel force was a DIVISION of Texans, about 2,000 strong, who marched from Pine Bluff April 30, and arrived at Alexandria after General Banks had left there, and were then ordered this way. They were commanded by General J. G. Walker, with Generals H. E. McCulloch, J. M. Hawes, and Randal under him. They had no arties, who also had no artillery, consisted of NINTH [Eleventh] Louisiana (colored), Colonel E. W. Chamberlain, and Twenty-THIRD Iowa, Colonel S. L. Glasgow, in all about 1,000 men. General Dennis describes the battle as the hardest he has ever seen. It was fought mainly hand to hand. After it was

