
over, many men were found dead with bayonet stabs, and others with their skulls broken open by butts of muskets.

The NINTH Louisiana lost 62 killed and 130 wounded; the Eleventh, 30 killed and 120 wounded; the Twenty-THIRD Iowa, 26 killed and 60 wounded; the NINTH has also a great number MISSING. Of the rebels, we buried 130. General McCulloch died on the field from the effects of a wound.

"It is impossible," says General Dennis, "for men to show greater gallantry than the negro troops in this fight. " He does not know whether it is true that the rebels murdered their negro prisoners.

Colonel H. Liev, who was wounded, behaved admirably; Colonel Chamberlain badly.

General Grant has ordered Mower, with his brigade, to Milliken's Bend, and the enemy there will be cleared out beyond Tensas and in the neighborhood of Monroe.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BEHIND Vicksburg, June 11, 1863-1 p. m.,

VIA MEMPHIS, June 14- 8 p. m. (Received June 16-2 p. m.)

General Herron has just reported. His eight regiments are ordered to take position south of Vicksburg, between Lauman's troops and Mississippi River, completely closing the lines, and rendering egress and ingress absolutely impossible. General Burnside's re-enforcements and the rest of the detachments from the SIXTEENTH Army Corps are still wanting. Of the former, one regiment was at Cairo when Herron left. From Haynes' Bluff, Washburn reports one DIVISION cavalry, under W. H. Jackson, 2 miles beyond Mechanicsburg. It left Bragg three weeks ago. A body of infantry under W. H. T. Walker is at Yazoo City, as before reported. Deserters from Vicksburg last evening report corn-meal getting short, so that the ration of bread is one-half of pea flour. Hovey's artillery have destroyed one of fresh beef, and have begun to issue bacon, of which some deserters were told by their mills and injured the remaining one. They are also out of fresh beef, and have begun to issue bacon, of which some deserters were told by their officers that they have thirty days' supply. The re-enforcements yet to arrive will be concentrated at Haynes'. C. C. Washburn reports that place of such strength on the land side that 10,000 can hold it against 30,000. The engineers report the artificial defenses there will require little labor.

General Grant thinks the demonstration of the enemy WEST of Mississippi River more serious than we have supposed. Of course, every means in their power on that side will be directed to hindering his operations here.

Our forces now at Milliken's Bend, including Mower's brigade, will not be sufficient for aggressive purposes toward Natchez, but will be ample for defense. The gunboats are judiciously placed-one at Haynes' Bluff, one at Chickasaw Bayou, one at Young's Point, one at Milliken's Bend, one at Lake Providence, one at Greenville, one at Island 65, two at White River, besides others in motion. The seven gunboats below Vicksburg are also stationed where most needed; but the line is long, and the rebels WEST of Mississippi River may manage to cross some-where.

It is my duty to report that the Marine Brigade, with its seven large

