
above its mouth. Paymaster Judd arrived here yesterday with 19 subordinate paymasters and funds to pay this army to April 30. As the operation of paying men engaged as these are must prove very inconvenient and injurious to the public interest, General Grant has ordered him back to Memphis for the present.

C. A. DANA.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BEHIND Vicksburg, June 14, 1863-8 a. m.,

VIA MEMPHIS, June 17-Noon. (Received 7 p. M.)

All the indications point to the speedy surrender of this place. Deserters who came out yesterday day that the Tennessee and Georgia regiments have determined to stack their arms within three days and refuse to continue the defense on the ground that it is useless, and that it is impossible to fight on the rations they receive. All the deserters are worn out and hungry, and say the whole garrison are in the same condition; besides, the defense has for several days been conducted with extraordinary feebleness, which must be due either to the deficiency of ammunition, or exhaustion and depression in the garrison, or to their retirement to an inner line of defense. The first and THIRD of these causes no doubt operate to some extent, but the SECOND we suppose to be the garrison are in hospital, and that officers, as well as men, have begun to despair of relief from Johnston. The troops of General Herron got into position yesterday. The advance of the NINTH Army Corps is also believed by General Grant to have arrived at Young's Point, though he has no positive report, and does not expect one till it has its place as a part of the besieging force on the south of the city, whither he has sent orders for it to proceed. After the arrival there of this corps, General Herron is to move to the right of General Lauman, and occupy that portion of the lines which is now held by Hovey's DIVISION, which McClernand will then station as a reserve to support the other DIVISIONS of his corps. All of W. S. Smith's DIVISION are now at Haynes' Bluff, where I saw them yesterday working upon the intrenchments with admirable zeal. The fortifications there for an army of 25,000 troops will be in a condition for practical use by the 16th instant. It is a stronger defensive position even than Vicksburg. The distance hence to Drumgould's Bluff is 11 miles, to Haynes' Bluff 14. Drumgould's, on which the rebels placed their most elaborate works, is an isolated mamelon. Snyder's and Haynonnected by a ridge, though flanks on the river side are separated by two ravines and a bayou slope. Snyder's commands the lower, Haynes' the upper bend of the Yazoo. Snyder's Bluff is now being fortified. When the works there are completed, they will be extended around Haynes' also. From Joe Johnston there is no news since my last dispatch, except that which merely confirms its principal contents. He has made no new movements in this quarter.

Sebastian, Senator from Arkansas, has determined to claim his seat in the next Congress. With the fall of Vicksburg, he says that all WEST of the Mississippi is emancipated from the Confederacy, and that Arkansas can be brought back into the Union. He has taken no part in the war.

