1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
Carolina. Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida
shall bo omitted and admitted to representation in
Congress as n iitato of the Union when the Legisla-
ture ofsuch State shall haveduly ratified the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States pro-
po?t:d by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and known
as article fourteen, upon the following fundamental
conditions."
Then the conditions are set forth. It will
be observed that this law is applicable' to
several other States besides Georgia. All of
those States proceeded to comply with the act
of June 25, 1868, and were admitted to repre-
sentation in the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. Georgia also proceeded to com-
ply with the act of June 25, 1868, and on her
part complied in prima facie accordance, as
we have stated in the report, with the act of
June 25, 1808. Under that act the Legisla-
ture of Georgia convened on the 4th of July,
18U8. It consisted, according to the constitu-
tion of the State of Georgia, of one hundred
and seventy-five members in the house of repre-
sentatives and forty-four senators. Of these,
according to the proclamation of General
Meade, who was in command of that military
district, one hundred and seventy-three rep-
resentatives were elected and forty-four sen-
ators.
No election took place in two counties in
Georgia, and there never were but one hun-
dred and seventy-three representatives elected,
although the constitution authorized the elec-
tion of one hundred and seventy-five. This
Legislature met, and proceeded to ratify the
fourteenth amendment and to comply with the
other conditions of the act of June 25, 1868,
just as Alabama (lid, just as Louisiana did,
just as Florida and all the other States did.
Members of the House of Representatives had
been elected in Georgia, as they had been
in other States; and ou complying with this
act of June 25, 1868, the members from Geor-
gia appeared in the House of Representatives,
just as they appeared from Alabama, North
and South Carolina: and Florida, and they
were all admitted in the House of Representa-
tives. That was in 1868. The organization
of the Legislature was consummated, as ap-
pears by the report of General Meade, which
will be found on page 3 of the committee's
report, on the 21st of July. The order reads
in these words:
Headquarters Third Military District,
Atlanta, Georgia, July 21,1868.
Both houses of the Legislature of Georgia hav-
ing examined into and decided upon the qualifica-
tions of their respective members, under fourteenth
article constitutional amendment, X yesterday in-
structed the provisional governor'to communicate
to each house that I considered their organization
legal, and withdrew any opposition to their proceed-
ing to the business which had called them together.
To-day both houses, by decided majorities, have
passed the constitutional amendment known as
article fourteen, and will, without doubt, at once
otherwise comply with the requisition of the act of
June 25, 1S63.
GEORGE G. MEADE.
Major (rvneraL
General U. S. Grant, Washington, D. O.
On the next day he issued the following
order:
Headquarters Third Military District,
Atlanta, Georgia. July 22,1863.
Yesterday the Governor-elect of Georgia notified
me officially that both houses of the General Assem-
bly of Georgia had, by solemn act, complied with
the requisitions of the act of Congress which became
a law June 25,1868, and to-day I have witnessed the
inauguration of the Governor-elect. The State of
Georgia is therefore, under the act of Congress, en-
titled to representation. The official doeumentwill
be carried to-day by Brevet Brigadier General R. C.
Drum, sent to Washington for this purpose,
GEORGE G. MEADE.
Major General U. S. A.
This completed the reconstruction in Geor-
gia precisely as it had been completed in Ala-
bama, Florida, and South Carolina. Sepators
will observe that both houses of the Legisla-
ture consisted, if they had all been present,
of two hundred and seventeen members. Two
hundred and ten had been sworn in. Each
house took action in regard to the qualification
of its members, and each house decided that
all the members eleeted were entitled to seats,
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—'No. 52.
and two hundred and ten appeared in the two
houses of the Georgia Legislature out of
two hundred and seventeen. Why the other
seven were not there I do not know; per-
haps from sickness or some other cause. The
election of Senators took place on the 28th
and 20th of July. • In that election Joshua
Hill received 110 votes, and I think there were
96 votes Cast against him in the joint meeting
of the two houses. Miller, the other Senator
elected at that time, received 117-votes, being
a decided majority in both cases of all the
votes cast at that time. There were two hun-
dred and ten present when Miller was elected,
of whom he received 117 votes; and there
were two hundred and eight present when Hill
was elected, of whom he received 110 votes.
Subsequently to this time, in September, the
Legislature of Georgia took action in regard
to the right of colored members to seats in
that body, and they decided that colored per-
sons had no right to seats. The colored men
were present, you will observe, when the
election of Senators took place on the 29th of
July, 1868; but in September following both
houses of the Georgia ■Legislature decided that
colored men were not entitled to seats in their
respective bodies, and thereupon they pro-
ceeded to put in their places men who had not
been elected at all, the minority candidates, in
lieu of the colored men whom they declared
to be ineligible. The Legislature adjourned
after passing a number of laws. At this same
session in July, 1868, under the constitution
of Georgia, the Governor appointed all the
judges of the State. That Legislature elected
State officers, a treasurer, a comptroller, and
I think one or two other officers, all of whom
have been performing duty ever since and are
now performing duty; and all the courts in
the State of Georgia ever since 1868 have been
held by the judges who were nominated to the
Senate as it was then organized and confirmed
in July, 1868. The Legislature again assem-
bled in January, 1869, and passed a great many
laws. There is quite a volume of statutes
passed by the Legislature commencing its ses-
sion in January, 1869.
In December, 1869, the Congress of the
United States took up the subject of Georgia
again and passed an act to promote the
reconstruction of the State of Georgia. The
reason for the passage of that act is to be found
in the expulsion of the colored members in
September, 1868, in the seating of minority
candidates in their places, and in the refusal
to turn out members who, it was insisted, were
not entitled to seats under the third clause of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States. It was insisted in July,
1868, that certain members were disqualified
by the fourteenth amendment. That was a
disputed question; but each house investi-
gated the subject and decided for itself that
all its members were eligible. But in 1869
Congress passed this act to promote the recon-
struction of the State of. Georgia. Without
stopping to read the act entire, it directed, in
the first place, by its first section that the Gov-
ernor of the State of Georgia should summon
all persons elected to the General Assembly of
the State, as appeared by the proclamation of
General Meade dated June 25, 1868, to appear
at the capital on the day named.
The Senate will observe that the same sen-
ators and representatives were to be sum-
moned who had been pronounced elected by
General Meade, in 1868; the same persons #ho
composed the Legislature of 1868. There had
been no new election and no election to fill any
vacancies. The act further directed—
"And thereupon the said General Assembly of said
State shall proceed to perfect its organisation in con-
formity with the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States, according to the provisions of this act."
The persons named in this act and in the
proclamation were those only who had- re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast at the elec-
tion; and they were in the aggregate the same
body of men who had composed the Legisla-
ture at its organization, and thenceforth until
the exclusion of the colored members and the
introduction of "minority candidates in their
places. The law, thus ascertaining the per-
sons who were to be assembled, then proceeds
to direct that the said General Assembly "shall
proceed to perfect its organization." No au-
thority was conferred upon the Governor to
do it, nor upon the military commander. The
power and duty to perfect its organization were
conferred upon the General Assembly exclu-
sively by the very words of the act.
That act, as you will observe, did not declare
the organization of the Legislature in the first
instance invalid ; it did not declare its acts ille-
gal, but simply that it should reorganize and
elect over again its own officers. So far it did
go. That Legislature convened in January,
1870, in pursuance of the proclamation of the
Governor, as directed by the act. When
the Legislature got together, General Terry,
the military commander, organized a military
commission to ascertain whether there were
not persons whose names were embraced in
the proclamation of General Meade who came
within the exclusion of the third clause of
the fourteenth amendment. The Judiciary
Committee made a report upon that action to
this body a year ago. It was drawn up by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edhcnds,] and
was unanimously concurred in by the commit-
tee. The substance of that report is embodied
in the present report that is now upon your
tables. In that report the committee came to
the conclusion that General Terry had no au-
thority to organize any military commission at
all; that the law was specific. It provided that
the Governor should summon those persons
declared elected by General Meade's procla-
mation: and it provided that they should take
a certain oath; and it provided that if they took
that oath falsely, they should be punished for
false swearing; but it did not authorize either
the Governor or the general commanding to
institute any inquiry as to who were entitled to
seats and who were not. That was the opinion
of the committee ; but the Senate never took
action upon that report.
General Terry did, however, organize a mili-
tary commission, and there were sent before
that military commission, which he organized
for the purpose of ascertaining who were quali-
fied to seats and who were 'not, fourteen per-
sons. Of those fourteen the military commis-
sion found that three were ineligible ; that is,
that they came within the constitutional pro-
vision embraced in the fourteenth amendment.
They decided that eleven of the fourteen were
eligible. General Terry thereupon issued an
order excluding three of these persons from
taking part in the reorganized Legislature; and
he also issued an order excluding sixteen others.
That would make nineteen in all. He excluded
sixteen others upon the ground, as stated in
his report, that they had not appeared before
his commission to show whether they were
entitled to seats or not. This was in 1870.
Yon will find General Terry's report on page
5 of the present report. '
On the 25th of January, 1870, this military
commission made its report, excluding three,
declaring eleven entitled to seats, and the order
goes on also to declare that sixteen others—
"Persons eleeted to said house, having refused,
declined, neglected, or been unable to take oae of
the oaths prescribed by the act of December 22,1869,
although ample opportunity so to do has been given
them, and have thus by the terms of said act become
ineligible to seats in said bouse, and have also filed
with Hon. 11. £. Balloek, Governor, their applica-
tions to the Congress of the United States for relief
from their disabilities, thus admitting their ineligi-
bility to hold the offices to which they were elected:
it is therefore ordered that the Said persons be, and
they hereby are, prohibited from taking seats in said
house or participating in the organization or pro-
ceedings thereof.''
So you will see that this military board
excluded three absolutely as disqualified, tad
excluded sixteen others who did not appeal
before the board. Subsequently General
