818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Terry issued an order revoking this order as
to two of the sixteen. That left fourteen. So
that by the order of the military commander
fourteen persons were excluded from taking
part in the Legislature who were not examined
by the board and three who were examined,
making seventeen in all. That is the summing
up of the action of the military board.
Mr. HOWARD. Were they the same men
who had been in the Legislature before ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same men, man for
man, every one of them. There had not then
been any election of members of the Legis-
lature in Georgia, except in April, 1868. I
am very glad that the Senator from Michigan
asked the question; and I will state that it
will be no interruption to me, as I go along,
if any Senator will ask me any question con-
nected with the facts that he may desire to
bring out.
Mr. HOWARD. I merely asked for inform-
ation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware it was for
information, and I am very happy to have the
Senator make the inquiry, because it is de-
sirable that the Senate should possess itself
of the precise facts about which there is no
dispute.
Besides these seventeen members who were
excluded by military order, it appears that the
Legislature of Georgia itself admitted, in the
place of seven others, minority candidates;
that is, in the reorganized Legislature that met
in January, 1870, a year ago, in addition to
the seventeen who were kept out by military
order, seven did not appear, and the Assembly
admitted seven others in their places; and
those seven others were never examined in the
Legislature at all. No inquiry was made as
to their ineligibility or non-eligibility, but the
Legislature organized in 1870 swore in the
minority candidates in place of seven elected
members. Now, if you will take the seven-
teen excluded by military order and the seven
others, that makes twenty-four persons, as you
will see, out of two hundred and seventeen,
who took part in the Legislature of 1868, and
did not take part in the Legislature of 1870.
That is the whole difference. Every man in
the Legislature of 1870 was in the Legislature
of 1868 except twenty-four, seventeen of whom
were kept out by military order, and seven, for
some reason or other, did not appear and
qualify, and the Legislature in 1870 admitted
others in their places.
The Legislature of 1870 admitted twenty-
one minority candidates. You will observe
that in 1868, when the Legislature as then
organized turned out the colored men, it ad-
mitted minority members in their places ; and
again the Legislature in 1870, when the colored
men were readmitted under the act of Con-
gress, and when certain other persons were
excluded, admitted minority men in their
places. Summing this matter up, you find in
the Legislature of 1868 twenty-four persons
who were kept out of the Legislature of 1870,
and you find in the Legislature of 1870 twenty-
one persons who were never elected, minority
candidates, and who, in the opinion of the
Judiciary Committee, as it was expressed a
year ago, were occupying seats without author-
ity of law.
I believe I have now stated all the facts that
seemed to the committee in any way material
connected with the election of Hill and Miller.
I do not think it important, in the view which
I take of the case, and which a majority of the
committee take of the case, to state the pre-
cise facts in regard to the election of Farrow
and Whiteley. It may be proper, however, to
say that in the Legislature as it was reorgan-
ized, one hundred and fifty-seven persons were
sworn as members of the house of represent-
atives. That number includes the minority
men who were sworn in. One hundred and
forty-four of those one hundred and fifty-seven
were in the Legislators of 1868, bjit they swore
in thirteen minority eandidates, making one
hundred and fifty-seven. When the election
took place in the separate houses only eighty-
one persons voted in the house of represent-
atives, and eleven of these were minority can-
didates. Mr. Farrow received in the bouse of
representatives eighty votes, eleven of which
were given by minority candidates ; and there
were present on that occasion only eighty-two
persons. No others took partin that election.
Mr. Whiteley, I think, had eighty;one votes.
In the opinion of the committee it is not at all
material that we should look into the individ-
uality of the Legislature,.and you will see that
that was admitted before the committee. All
the claimants were represented before the com-
mittee and they maintained this position. I
read from the report, on page 20:
"All the contestants maintained the position be-
fore the committee that the ineligibility or disquali-
fication of individual members of either house, not
sufficiently numerous to affect its constitutional
quorum, was an immaterial issue."
We have stated the material of which the
Legislature was made up at both periods, in
1868 and in 1870, in order that all the facts
might be before the Senate; but in the opinion
of the contestants it was wholly immaterial, so
that a constitutional quorum of each House
was present; and that is my opinion. I do not
think the Senate of the United States, in pass-
ing upon the right of a person to a seat here,
can go into the States of the Union and ascer-
tain whether A, B, or C is properly sitting as
a member of the Legislature by which a Sen-
ator is elected, when it is conceded, as it is in
this case, that a constitutional quorum, a large
majority of both houses of the Georgia Legis-
lature as it was composed in 1868, was con-
fessedly made up of persons who had a right
to sit there. Nobody disputes that. Out of
two hundred and seventeen members there are
only twenty-four that anybody ever questioned,
and only three of those were ever decided
ineligible on investigation.
So that there is a Legislature composed in
each of its branches of a constitutional quorum
of qualified and proper members, it is for
the Legislature, for each house, to determine
for itself who are entitled to seats there, and
who not. When it is ascertained and admitted
that there is a lawful Legislature the Senate
of the United States cannot (and it would be
impracticable to undertake it) investigate the
right to seats of particular members in that
Legislature. We could not send to the distant
State of California and ascertain in the case
of a disputed election whether the house of
representatives of th  Legislature of California
had decided rightly or not in admitting a cer-
tain person to a seat. We could not do it in
any of the States of the Union. If we could,
we should be revising the action of the differ-
ent Legislatures. The thing would be imprac-
ticable.
All that the Senate of the United States ean
do is to ascertain whether there was a Legis-
lature duly organized with a constitutional
quorum in each of its branches which has sent
the member here; and if they admitted one,
two, or a dozen members improperly, so that
it does not affect the constitutional quorum,
it is a matter, in my judgment, which is not
for the examination of this body; and such
was the report made to this body by one of
my colleagues upon the committee, the Sen-
ator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] in 1868
or 1869, when a report was made upon this
subject. That principle wasenunciated by him,
and it is the position taken by Mr. Farrow
before the committee.
What, then, is the objectionto the seating of
Mr. Hill? There is another question in regard
to Mr. Miller; but what is the objection to
seating Mr. Hill? It is that the body organ-
ized as a Legislature in 1868 was not a Legis-
lature at all.
Mr. WARNER. Before the Senator goes
into that, as he is leaving the other branch of
the question, I should like to ask him this: in
case it was clearly proved that there were
members of the Legislature who were ineli-
gible to seats, and if the claim of a Senator to
a seat depended on their votes, do I under-
stand him to hold that in that case the Senate
could not take into consideration that fact?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it could not
I think it would be just like a law that is
passed by Congress or by any Legislature
where there is a person in the legislative body
clearly ineligible and the law depended upon
that man's vote. Such cases are occurring
constantly. There have been in the national
House of Representatives during this very
Congress a number of persons who, after sit-
ting there for some time and voting upon laws,
have been denied the right to seats. That
occurs in all the legislative bodies of the
country. Oftentimes the enactment of laws
depends upon the single vote of such a man
or the votes of those whose seats are contested
and who are ultimately decided not to be enti-
tled to seats.
So that the constitutional quorum is there
and the body is properly organized, I do not
think its action is to be affected by the fact
that persons may have been there who had no
right to be there. That is for each house to
determine for itself. We all know that prac-
tically this course has a convenience in it,
though it seems like an impropriety. In a
representative Government, where each house
decides for itself upon the election, qualifica-
tions, and returns of its members, you must
take the prima facie case, and the person hav-
ing that sits until the merits of the case can
come up and be decided. That, is so in Con-
gress and it is so in all our State Legislatures;
and, in my judgment, the validity of a law, or
the election of a Senator, or of any other act
the Legislature does, is not to be affected by
the fact that a person may have voted upon the
passage of the law or the election of the officer,
who had in fact no right to yote, when the
body itself that wa3 to be the judge of that
allowed him to vote, provided, always, you
have a constitutional quorum of legally quali-
fied members there.
Mr. WARNER. The Senator's answer is
very satisfactory: but I should like to put one
other case. Suppose it should be proven to
the satisfaction of the Senate that the majority
of a Legislature arbitrarily and in palpable
violation of law had excluded members enti-
tled to seats, so as to give one party or another
a majority of one or a dozen, evidently with
the purpose of controlling the action of the
Legislature in regard to the election of a Sen-
i ator, would the Senator deny to the Senate any
i power to review that action or to remedy it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In my judgment, it is
not subject to supervision. If a Legislature
j so decide in the extreme case the Senator from
| Alabama puts, he must remember that it is a
constitutional Legislature that does it. I do
not think you can appeal from the action of a
Legislature, where a constitutional quorum is
present and acting, to the Houses of Congress
to correct a decision of theirs upon the ground
that they had decided palpably wrong. But
I will say to the Senator from Alabama that
I do not think it at all material here any way.
It will appear if you will look into the facts—
we have set them all forth in the report—that
Joshua Hill and H. V. M. Miller had a ma-
jority of the votes of those that everybody
admits were entitled to seats. But I do not
think it necessary to go into that, although we
have set forth the facts in the report; and any
Senator by taking up the report and making
his own calculation can test it. The name
of every person who voted for Hill and for
Miller is given in the report; the name of
every man elected to the Legislature is here;
the name of every one excluded by the mili-
tary commission is here, so that all can see
exactly how every one voted. But that is not
material, in my own view, although we have
not said that in the report. I think the elec-
tion being made by a body admitted to be the
