1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
provide a punishment for violating the oath ; j
and in the fourth section we have the following: ;
"That the persons elected as aforesaid, and en- ,
titled to compose such Legislature, and who shall
comply with the provisions of this act by taking :
one of the oaths or affirmations above prescribed,
shall thereupon proceed, in said senate and house
of representatives to which they have been elected,
respectively, to reorganize said senate and house of
representatives, respectively, by the election and
qualification of the proper officers of each house."
Here we have the anomalous case, never be-
fore heard of in the history of reconstruction i
or the organization of States, of a Legislature •
not qualified to elect a clerk or a sergeant-at- ,
arms electing Senators of the United States. *
A Legislature that Congress would not recog-
nize in its election of a clerk or sergeant-at- i
arms elect3 and sends here Senators of the ,
United States! A Legislature that so far i
refuses to obey your law, so far refuses to !
comply with the reconstruction acts, and de- i
fies your authority to such an extent that you j
make it reelect its own petty officers to enforce •
compliance ; and will you Bay that that State, .
in that condition, is entitled to exercise the ;
highest function of a State Legislature, to elect ;
a Senator ? Will you say that Congress ever i
meant to declare that a Legislature not enti- !
tied to elect a sergeant-at-arms was neverthe- <
less entitled to elect Senators of the United ;
States ? I do not care whether you call it a j
provisional Legislature; I do not care whether
you say there was no Legislature; I do not ;
care whether you say it wa3 a Legislature j
illegally organized. -The fact is that it was a ;
rebellious Legislature, a Legislature that re- j
fused to comply with your Taw, and was not i
entitled to elect a sergeant-at-arms. That is |
the fact, according to the decision -of Con- j
gress; and in deciding on this question you i
must not question the decisions of Congress, j
We have laid down the rule, and it is well j
established that in this matter of reconstruc- i
tion each House will follow Congress.
There is more in this act. So violent was •
the condition of affairs in Georgia that it was j
necessary, in order that this might be done, j
to call out the military. That was one of the j
elements of reconstruction, I believe; and I
accordingly the seventh section of this act j
provided—
" That upon the application of the Governor of
Georgia the President of the United States shall
employ such military or naval force of the United
States as may bo necessary to enforce and execute
the preceding provisions of this oct."
Is it not absurd to suppose that Congress
meant to say that the State had a legal organ-
ization, that it was completely reconstructed,
that its practical relations w ere so far restored
that it might elect a Senator, and at the same
time required the reorganisation of the Legis-
lature, and protected the persons engaged in
that reorganization by the military forces of
the United States?
But this is not all. The eighth section of
this act declared—
"That the Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth
amendment proposed to the Constitution of _the
United States before Senators and Representatives
from Georgia are admitted to seats in Congress."
Did they mean to declare that those Sen-
ators and Representatives who were already
elected were entitled to seats; that Georgia
was in a condition at the time of that election
to be represented? Did it intend to go back
and cure all that had occurred?
Mr. SUMNER. What were those words?
Will the Senator read them again?
Mr. STEWART. It is section eight of the
act of December 22, 1SC9: j
"That the Legislature shall ratify the fifteenth
amendment proposed to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States before Senators and KepreseutatWes from |
Oeorgia are admitted to seats in Congress."
This was evidently a reconstruction act, as
much so as any other reconstruction act upon
your'statute-'book. It was prompted by the
same jurisdiction: the fact that the Congress
of the United States had assumed to control
the action of these States from the beginning.
It is no answer to say that Congress did not
expressly repudiate all that the Legislature
had done. It is no answer to say that tjiis
Legislature elected judges and enacted laws
for regulating their finances, &c. It is no
answer to say that these things were allowed
to be done either by the direct sanction or by
the tacit consent of the Government of the
United States; for that very same thing was
done with regard to all these governments,
w;ith regard to the governments set up by
President Johnson. During the whole period
of reconstruction the local governments there
had been recognized to a great extent for all
local and municipal purposes, but they were
not recognized for the one great purpose of
electing Senators. The States were not recog-
nized for1 the purpose of electing Senators and
Representatives to the two Houses of Con-
gress ; but, on the contrary, it was declared by
all the reconstruction acts that they had no
right of representation until Congress should
affirmatively so declare.
Then the act of June 25, 1868, was not com-
plied with by Georgia, or else Congress stulti-
fied itself by going on with further legislation.
It was complied with by the other States, and
they came in; but Georgia did not comply
with it so as to be entitled to representation
under that act.
Mr. FOWLER. Which act is that?
Mr. STEWART. The act of June 2-5.1868.
Mr. FOWLER. What section?
Mr. STEWART. They did not comply with
the provisions of the act; they did not comply
with the last section, nor did they comply with
the provision that required them to exclude
disloyal persons. I say that has been decided
by Congress in proceeding to further recon-
struct Georgia. That was decided in Decem-
ber, 1860. What occurred with this new act
of reconstruction of 1869? The Legislature
of Georgia was convened 
Sir. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, I shquld like to know, as briefly as pos-
sible, upon what ground it is that he rests his
argument with reference to the disability of
one of these two sets of Senators. If I under-
stand him rightly, he objects to the admission
of the two Senators elected in 1868 upon the
ground that at the time of the election of those
Senators it was not competent for the Legis-
lature to elect Senators ; that there was no act
of Congress authorizing the Legislature of that
State at that time to go int# an election of
Senators; and that such an election could sot
legally take place until after the State had
been formally readmitted to the Union, or, in
other words, until after Congress, by the act
of 1870, had declared that Georgia had com-
plied with all the reconstruction acts. Am I
right about that ?
Mr. STEWART. Let me state exactly my
position. My position is this: that no State
has a right to elect Senators, the right of elec-
tion does not exist unless there be a legislative
declaration to that effect in the first place;
that that declaration may be either before the
election or after the election; that in the case
of Georgia it was not before the election,
because the act of June, 1868, required cer-
tain things to be done, which Georgia failed
to do, and she was not entitled to the benefit
of that act, as Congress practically decided.
Not being entitled to the benefit of that act,
not having complied with its provisions, that
act did not entitle her to elect Senators. That
very point was held by the majority of the
Committee on the Judiciary when Mr. Hill's
credentials were before that committee on a
previous occasion; that Georgia was not
entitled to representation in Congress beeause
she had not complied with the provisions of
that act.
Mr. HOWARD. She could not, then, as a
State go into a senatorial election until she
had been recognized as a perfect State of the
Union by act of Congress?
Mr. STEWART. No; the recognition
might come afterward. Now I say that Con-
gress did not make that recognition.
Mr. HOWARD. That is, Congress might
ratify an act which would, otherwise be void?
Mr. STEWART. That is done in the case
of a new State; but Congress did not intend
to approve what had been done in the case of
Georgia. So far from approving it, in Decem-
ber, 1869, they disapproved it, and went on
further to reconstruct Georgia. Therefore, by
no act of Congress either before or after, by
any fair construction of any act of Congress,
was Georgia entitled to elect Senators or be
represented at the time she elected Senators
in 1868. That is my point. I Was going on
to state what was done under the act of 1869,
giving a history of it. *
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator's point, in
brief, is that the first election of Senators in
Georgia in 1868 was void for want of Iggal
authority.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir, that is my point.
Now, after the passage of the act of 1869, the
Legislature was called together by the Gov-
ernor. It is true there were some proceedings
of the military that the Judiciary Committee
did not approve of when the matter was sub-
mitted to them. After the Legislature of
Georgia had organized, in January, 1870, that
organization was submitted to Congress. The
Governor transmitted to Congress the pro-
ceedings of the Legislature in ratifying the
fourteenth and fifteenth amendments. I do
not think it material whether there was a quo-
rum present when the fourteenth amendment
was adopted or not, so far as this argument is
concerned. Congress acted on the theory that
there was a quorum present. That question
was not called to the attention of Congress.
Those proceeding were transmitted to Con-
gress, and further legislation occurred; but
previous to this further legislation Georgia
elected Senators.
There is no particular dispute about the reg-
ularity of the-election of these Senators, pro-
vided that was the proper time for the election.
If yon exclude all the minority men, as they
are termed, and take only those who are ac-
knowledged on all hands to have been qualified
at the time of the election of Messrs. Farrow
and Whiteley, there was a quorum of all per-
sons entitled to their seats who had come for-
ward and been sworn in. There was a majority
of those. In any way that you have a mind to
put it, there was a legal quorum at the time of
their election.
The chairman of the committee says he does
not propose to go into an investigation of the
particular qualifications of the members of the
Legislature; but this question of whether there
was a Legislature organized at the time of the
ratification of the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments was considered in this body.
That action was transmitted to us in January
last. The question whether there was a Legis- '
lature at that time was under particular in-
vestigation, and the. Committee on the Judi-
ciary, although they disapproved of some of
the matters connected with the organization,
recommended that no further legislation be
had. That report was made by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmonds,] and was con-
curred in by alt the committee. We'all con-
curred that that organization should be ac-
cepted. We recommended to the Senate that
the organization of the Legislature of January
last should be accepted.
Then, what did Congress do on that report?
Has it been accepted? We find that on the
15th of July, 1870, an act was passed entitled
"An act relating to tie State of Georgia,"
which, in my apprehension, has a good deal
of significance as to what the two Bouses of
Congress meant. Now, mark, this act was
passed in pursuance of the recommendation
of the Judiciary Committee that no further
legislation was necessary to perfect reconstruc-
