822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
tion in the State of Georgia. The act goes on
to say—
"That the Stato of Georgia haying complied with
the reconstruction acts
And I undertake to say that that is the first
declaration that she ever had complied with
them; and if she had complied with them two
years previous it was on the part of Congress
a gross outrage to keep Mr, Hill out of his
seat for two years afterward~
" That the State of Georgia having complied with
the reconstruction acts, and the fourteenth and fif-
teenth articles of amendments to the Constitution
of the United States having been ratified in good
faith by a legal Legislature of said State, it is hereby
declared that the State of Georgia is entitled to rep-
resentation in the Congress of the United States."
Now, a point is made that the fourteenth
amendment was not properly ratified by the
Legislature that was organized in January,
1870, and therefore it is said this declaration
must refer to another Legislature before it. I
do not suppose that a misrecital of facts, if it
does not turn out that it was not legally ratified
on either occasion, would invalidate the act.
It is merely a recital. The fact was here; the
ratification had been sent here, and nobody
examined whether it was regular or not. But
Congress had undertaken to say that Georgia
had not complied before, and had been con-
tinuing reconstruction. It is no answer to say
that this is a misrecital. It was predicated, as
every one knows, on the action of the reorgan-
ized Legislature, and the whole thing must
stand together. Will it be contended that this
act meant to say that the State of Georgia had
complied with the reconstruction acts in 1868
when Hill and Miller were elected? If so,
why have we been legislating for two years and
keeping Mr. Hill out of his seat? No, sir; it
had reference to this subsequent organization;
it had reference to the reorganization which
had just been had ; it had reference to the
reorganization under the act of 1869, and no
other.
Congress not intending to say that the Legis- ij
lature of-1868 was a legal Legislature that they !i
had been disciplining here for two years, I ||
do not suppose that any Senator who voted for j;
this act would have done so if he had supposed , I
that the practical relations of Georgia to the li
Union were restored, and that Georgia was !'
entitled to representation as much as any of :
the loyal States. If we had thought that, we !
would not have gone on with this military rule j
and reconstruction for two years. But here is ;
something more significant, to my mind, in the j
act of July last: • j
"But nothing in this act contained shall be con- ;
■trued to deprive the people of Georgia of the right !
to an election for members of the General Assembly !
of said Scate. as provided for in the constitution I
taereot; and nothing-in this or any other act of Con- i
grcss klidli be construed to affect the term to which !
any omcer lias been appointed or any member of i'
Me General Assembly elected as prescribed by the !i
constitution ot the St<tte of Georgia." U
^ov.-, I appeal to Senators)! this act of itself !:
was intended as a declaration that Georgia was
entitled to representation in 1868. If it was
intesded as a ratification of all those proceed-
ings and a recognition of them, why was it
necessary to say that it should not be con-
strued to rip them up? If it was not neces-
sary to have some legislative declaration to
save these proceedings, why declare it? And
when Congress were declaring what should
not be construed as having been repudiated,
why did they not declare that it should not be
construed as repudiating the election of Sen-
ators and Representatives, that it should not
affect the election of Senators? Why did they
confine it to the State officers, declaring that
their terms should go on regularly under the
constitution of the State, and that this act
should not be so construed as to invalidate
not t0 exclude the argument
that admitting the State in July last would be
regarded as commencing de novo then and
extending the terms of their offices—a plain
declaration which some of us contended for?
Why did Senators fight here for weeks and
weeks to obtain a declaration recognizing the
officers who were in office, and limiting.their
terms, if this act itself- was a declaration to
relate back and cover all that period? Why
say anything about the terms of office, that
they should not be disturbed by this act, if the
Legislature had had authority to elect in 1868,
and practical relations were all restored, and
it was a legal Legislature? Does anybody sup-
pose that ratifying what a legal Legislature
does will disturb what it has done ? Does any-
body suppose that if this act had related back
to 1868 it would have disturbed anything that
had been done in that time without this clause ?
Take the case of the admission of Territories
as States: you do not put in any such clause
there. When you admit a Territory yon do not
say, " This act shall not be construed to disturb
the election of their officers or their proceed-
ings." Those acts relate back, cover the
period of the election, and are construed to
be a recognition of them.
This act was an act admitting the State, and
it was passed in view of the fact that that
Legislature of 1868 had been repudiated; that
since the Legislature of 1868 had assembled
the State had been farther reconstructed. But
Congress said, " Notwithstanding we have fur-
ther reconstructed the State, notwithstanding
we would not let the Legislature elect a ser-
geant-at-arms or a clerk, still we do not want
to disturb the regular administration of justice;
we do not want to disturb the terms of office
of those persons who hold office under the
Constitution; we want to recognize them."
As I said in the outset, much that was done
by the Johnson Legislatures in regard to the
financial systems and other, things was recog-
nized in a similar way and in various ways by
different acts of Congress. But here we have
the most explicit saving clause, because we
treated Georgia very radically subsequent to
the election of Hill and Miller, and it was
necessary to save what had been done.
Mr. President, in opening this case I have
called the attention of the Senate to the acts
of Congress and to a part of the history of
the reconstruction of Georgia, and I will now
briefly recapitulate. The Legislature of the
State of Georgia at the time of the election
of Messrs. Hill and Miller was-flagrantly, will-
fully, and knowingly violating the laws of
Congress, the reconstruction acts. Congress
took notice of that, and passed an act for the
further reconstruction of Georgia in Decem-
ber, 1869. That act required a complete
reorganization of the Legislature; that act
required new officers to be elected by that
Legislature; that act, in effect, repudiated
and declared the Legislature which elected
Hill and Miller to be illegal. After that act
was passed, providing for a reorganization, a
reorganization did take place, in January last.
At that reorganization Messrs. Farrow and
Whiteley were regularly elected, and the four-
teenth and fifteenth amendments were ratified.
The fifteenth amendment is conceded to have
been legally ratified. As to the fourteenth
amendment, it is said there was a mistake
about a quorum; but that is immaterial, for
it is only a mistake of recital, if it be a mis-
take. There is no sense in saying that it went
back to 1868.
Congress then declared that the Legislature
having complied with the reconstruction acts,
and having ratified the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments. Georgia was entitled to repre-
sentation. They went further, however. Lest
the inference should be that they had repu-
diated all that had been done, which would
throw the State into confusion, they saved the
terms of the officers who were in office, and
recognized the fact that those officers were
properly in office by an affirmative act; from
which I say it is a fair inference that if they
had intended to save the election of Senators
they would have so stated ; because the elec-
tion of Senators is the particular point upon
which we require the declaration of the two
Houses. We have taken the position that we
will not act upon it separately; we ure bound
by a joint declaration upon that particular
point if we are bound upon any. But Con-
gress, when it was making its exception of
things not to be disturbed, significantly omit-
ted to say that this act should not be construed
to interfere with the election of Senators in
July, 1868.
So, by the whole history of the case, if we
follow the logio of reconstruction and recog-
nize the authority of Congress to determine the
question, as we are bound to do by abundant
precedent, we must admit Farrow and White-
ley, or else we place this Congress in the most
ridiculousand foolish position in which itcould
ever be placed. What! did we exclude a
State for nearly three years which was entitled
to representation, and not only exclude her
representatives, but proceed all that time by
laws, by acts of Congress and military power,
to reconstruct that State I For more than two
years we were reconstructing the State of
Georgia, and then made a declaration that she
was entitled to representation. If that declar-
ation, which was made in 1870, was intended
to be a declaration that Georgia had a right to
elect Senators in 1868, all that had intervened
was without justification, without law, upon
any theory that Congress has ever proceeded.
I suppose my Democratic friends, however,
have no difficulties of this kind. They do not
recognize the right of Congress to make these
declarations. They say that the States were
all the time entitled to representation. But
those who have voted for the reconstruction
acts hold themselves bound by the joint declar-
ation to which I have alluded, have denied the
right to each House to determine for itself
whether a State was in the Union or "out of
the Union, and have said that that must be
determined by Congress. Those who have
held to that doctrine, in voting for Mr. Hill's
admission, place themselves in the position of
saying " Notwithstanding Georgia was entitled
to representation all the time, notwithstand-
ing she had a right to elect Senators, we have
gone on for two years reconstructing her by
acts of Congress and military power;" a posi-
tion which I for one do not intend to occupy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) The question is on agreeing to
the resolution reported by the Senator Irani
Illinois from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
BeeotveJ, That Joshua Hill has been duly elected
Senator of the United States by the Legislature of
the btate of Georgia, and is entitled to take his seat
on taking the oaths required by the Constitution
and laws.
Mr. STEWART. I offer as a substitute for
that resolution the resolution reported by the
minority of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is pro-
posed to strike out all after the word " re-
solved" and insert what will be read.
The Chief Cj.erk. The words proposed to
be inserted are—
That Henry P. Farrow and Eichard H. Whiteley
are.entitled'to take their seats in the Senate upon
taking the oaths prescribed by law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 36 ; as follows:
YEAS-~Mcssrs. Abbott, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
law. Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, McDonald, Nye.
Oaborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Kamsey, Rice, Stearns,
btewart, Sumner, Thayer, and Wilson—19.
* *£«£essrs. Bayard, Blair. Buckingham, Car-
penter, Casserly, Chandler. Conkling,Corbctt,Ciagin 
Davis, Edmunds, ronton* Flanagan, Fowler, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Johnston, Kellogg, McCr<sery, Morrill of Vermont,
Patterson, Ross, Sfhuri, Sherman, Sprague. Stock-
