824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
State Legislatures. Still the election would
be provisional, subject to be set aside by Con-
gress for any cause which Congress might
regard as sufficient.
The same phraseology finds its way into the
act of December 22,1869; butlneed not dwell
longer upon that point. This Legislature was
provisional; nevertheless it was vested with all
ihe powers pertaining to a State Legislature,
and among those powers was the power to elect
United States Senators. They proceeded to
execute that power in the choice of Mr. Hill.
Mr. STEWART. Did it have the legal
power to elect a clerk or sergeant-at-arms?
Mr. HOWARD. I supposeso, as a matter
of course. How could they proceed after
assembling as a Legislature, as tliey were com-
manded to do, how could they proceed to dis-
charge their legislative duties without the elec-
tion of a clerk and all the necessary and ordin-
ary officers?
Mr. STEWART. Would the election of a
clerk and sergeant-at-arms by that body have
been legal ?
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly.
Mr. STEWART. Congress has decided
against you on that, decided in so many words
that it was not legal, and ordered another one
to be elected.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know how that
may be.
Mr. STEWART. Look at the act of Decem-
ber, 1869, and see whether Congress recog-
nized it.
Mr. HOWARD. The Congress of the
United States 
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWARD. Not at this moment. The
Senator will excuse me.
Mr. THURMAN. I only want to say one
word, if my friend from Michigan will allow
me. The Senator from Nevada has affirmed
again and again and again that Congress has
declared that that Legislature was not compe-
tent to elect a clerk. I affirm that, nothing like
such a decision was ever made by Congress.
Mr. HOWARD. I apprehend there could
have been no such decision. Congress might
undoubtedly declare by act that the clerk of
the Georgia Legislature should cease to act
as such, because the appointment of such a
cl'-rk was of itself provisional, subject to ratifi-
cation or rejection by Congress. The whole
thing was subject to the paramount authority
of Congress.
Mr. STEWART. Congress required them
to reelect a clerk.
Mr. HOWARD. When theSenatordeclared
that Congress had decided against me when I
said it was competent for the Georgia Legis-
lature to elect a clerk it was rather gratui-
tous, speaking with the utmost respect to the
Senator. The basis of my argument is, that
the whole of this reconstruction legislation is
provisional, and every act of the Legislature,
and every act of every officer appointed by
the State Legislature under the reconstruction
acts, was provisional, subject to the control of
Congress.
Mr. STEWART. Has Congress ever ad-
mitted a person elected by a provisional Legis-
lature unless by an act it ratified the proceed-
ings of that Legislature ? Has anybody ever
been admitted here from a provisional Legis-
lature unless Congress has ratified its acts?
We did not admit the State on that organiza-
tion by any means.
Mr. HOWARD. It is perfectly competent
for Congress iu such a case to ratify what has
been done by a State Legislature or a terri-
torial Lagislature; and there are numerous
precedents of that kind in our statute-books.
Why, sir, long before ray own State was ad-
mitted formally into Congress its Legislature
had elected Senators to Congress. I think
they were elected in 1836 by a State Legisla-
ture, so called, and took their seats in Congress
in January, 1887, and were recognized as hav-
ing been properly and legally elected.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend -will allow
me to iuterrupt him for a moment in the same
connection and on the same point. A statute
was also passed by that Legislature creating a
corporation in the State of Michigan, which
the Supreme Court of the United States sub-
sequently held to be a valid statute after the
State" was subsequently admitted into the
Union, on the ground that the act of admis-
sion into the Union ratified every act that
had been done by that corporation pretend-
ing to be a State Government prior to its
admission.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir, and there have
been numerous decisions of the suprtme court
of my State to that same effect.
These being my views on this subject,
holding, as I do, that the election of Mr. Hill
was a legal and proper election, and there not
being any proof before us of any fraud, cir-
cumvention, or unfairness or violence in his
election, I do not see how I can vote to reject
him. I know nothing about that gentleman,
nor shall I inquire.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator sits
down, will he allow me to remind him of one
thing? If I apprehend aright a remark made
by the Senator from Nevada, he makes a dis-
tinction between territorial cases, to one of
which the Senator has referred, and the case
of those States whose relations with the Union
had become dislocated, no matter exactly how
for this purpose. Let me remind the Senator
that the same thing*which he said of a num-
ber of the Territories is true of the very class
of States of which we are speaking. In several
of those States the Senators were elected Jong
anterior to the restoration of the relations of i
those States with the Union, and yet they I
were admitted and are here now. !
Mr. HOWARD. I think so, certainly.
Mr. It ICE. ilr. President, I wish to state !
before the vote is taken the view that I have 1
of the question before the Senate. i
My theory is this: that the Legislature of a j
new State formed from a Territory, or the jj
Legislature of a provisionalgovernment which '!
elects Senators to Congress or does any other ;i
acts, does those acts subject to the ratification j!
of Congress. They cannot demand as a right ..
that those acts shall be ratified; but Congress
may or may not ratify them. A Territory j;
presents itself for admission under an act of ::
the Legislature authorizing the people to form
a State government, as in Colorado, for in-
stance; the Senators come here and ask for
admission ; Congress may ratify their election j
by admitting the Territory as a State, or it :
may reject the action of their Legislature,
reject the action of the Territory, and deny
them admission.
That is the case here. The Legislature of
Georgia of 1868 elected Senators. Those Sen-
ators came here and asked for admission. It
was in the power of Congress to let them in,
or it was in their power to deny them that
admission. When tHey asked it Congress did
deny them admission. It did not ratify the
acts of the Legislature of 1868 ; it refused to
ratify those acts, and directed by the law of
December, 1869, that that Legislature should
be reorganized. Congress had the power to
do this. Congress had the power to ratify the
acts of the Legislature of 1868, or to refuse to
ratify them. They did refuse ; and by lhe act
of 1869 they declared that that Legislature,
before their acts could be such as to meet the
approbation of Congress, must be reorganized;
and that act directed how the reorganization
should be effected. They must be reorganized
not alone by the putting back of the colored
members in the place of the minority men that
were seated there, but they must be reorgan-
ized from the foundation ; they must elect a
new speaker, a new clerk, a new sergeant-at-
arms. An entire reorganization had to take
place before Congress was willing to recoguize
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator from Arkansas yield to enable the Chair
to receive a message from the House of Rep-
resentatives ?
Mr. RICE. Certainly.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson,its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 480) of welcome to Irish exiles
and patriots, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. I ask my friend from Ark-
ansas to give way, that the resolution just
received from the House of Representatives,
which I presume will give rise to no debate,
may be put on its passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Arkansas yield for that purpose ?
Mr. RICE. Yes. sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to laying this
matter aside.
Mr. FENTON. I have no wish to interfere
with the current debate, but I think this reso-
lution will not cause discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent, and the Senator from Illi-
nois objects. The Senator from Arkansas
will proceed.
Mr. RICE. When the question of the valid-
ity of the Legislature of 1868 was presented
to us fairly the Committee on the Judiciary
reported that Georgia was not entitled to rep-
resentation at that time; reported, in effect,
that she had not complied with the recon-
struction acts; reported, in effect, that she had
no legally-organized Legislature; reported,
in effect, against the whole organization of
1868, so far as Congress Jiad any right to con-
trol it or any disposition to control it. Con-
gress acted upon that, and passed the law
of 1869. By that bill Congress provided for
a reorganization of the Legislature, and the
Legislature was reorganized under that Jaw,
irregularly, perhaps, in some respects ; but it
came before Congress to. decide whether they
would ratify the acts of that second Legisla-
ture. The whole matter was discussed in com-
mittee ; and notwithstanding many acts were
done in the second organization which were
not justified by law, still, as all parties thought
it .best that the reconstruction of Geoxgia
should be completed, the committee reported
unanimously in favor of that organization;
reported in favor of congressional action by
recognizing that organization and ratifying its
acts. That organization elected Mr. Farrow.
He was elected by an organization that has
been recognized by Congress as legal, and an
organization whose acts have been ratified by
Congress in the bill passed at the last session,
in July last.
Then, what is the case before us ? We have
one body of men purporting to be a Legisla-
ture that Congress repudiated, and refused to
recognize, and refused to ratify their acts;
and we have a subsequent Legislature whose
acts have been ratified ; and we have the Sen-
ators elected by each of these Legislatures
before us for admission. This ratification of
the second Legislature was by Congress ; and
we ought, it seems to rue. to follow that ratifi-
cation and admit the men who were elected
under it.
At the time that ratification took place Con-
gress had a right to set aside the whole thing.
It had a right to make a law for a new elec-
tion. It had a right to throw the whole matter
back before the people. If it had done that,
no one contends that these Senators would
have been legally elected and would have a
right to seats here. They have been repudiated
in effect. Take a case: suppose Colorado
should now organize as a State and come here
and be admitted ; does any one contend thtxt
the Senators who were elected there three or
four years ago, if their terms have not expired,
would be proper members of the Senate?
No. Whenever Congress repudiated tbatr&*t
organization the next organization •feseaew
the one that had the power to act and to ■rfecv
