826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
one show why this reorganization took place
in 1869; why Congress required the officers
of the Legislature to be elected again. The
election of those officers occurred before
the expulsion of the negroes; it had nothing
to do with the expulsion of the negroes; it
was the first act of the legislative body; it was
done before Senators were elected, before the
negroes were expelled.
Then here was an organization which you
wonld not recognize for that purpose; but still
you say you will recognize' it for a higher pur-
pose. You have disregarded it, set it aside
entirely, and still you say that you will go back
now and recognize it over your reorganized
Legislature. You have reorganized it, and,
acting upon the fair construction of your acts,
other Senators have been elected; elected in
pursuance of your law, elected at a time when
you declared the State entitled to representa-
tion, elected by those entitled to act as a Legis-
lature.
But now it is said that these two bodies are
the same Legislature. I say no, they are
not the same Legislature. If one man has
the balance of power in a Legislature, so that
he can make that Legislature rebel or loyal,
his presence determines the whole character
of it. If the disqualified men who were there
in 1868 had not been there it would have been
a loyal Legislature, and it would not have ex-
pelled the negroes. There were in that body
some sixteen or eighteen or twenty disquali-
fied men ; I do not know the exact number—
the least number put down is fourteen—who
could not come up and qualify on the reorgan-
ization. Those fourteen men had the balance
of power in that Legislature. Put them on one
side or on the other and they determine the
character of the Legislature. There were
enough of them in each house to determine
its character. They got into the bodies in vio-
la 'ion of your law ; they were put in and kept
in in violation of your law. You required
13:ose men to be put out, thus changing the
whole character of the Legislature; and I say
the Legislature of 1870 is not the same Legis-
lature as that of 1868.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I know my friend will
indulge me in a remark at this point.
Mr. STEWART. Ob, yes.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I understand the scope
of the honorable Senator's argument to be
this—I think I gathered the words—that the
clerk of that Legislature was not eligible to
the station to which he was electfed, and there-
fore the Legislature was not a legal Legisla-
ture, not competent to elect a Senator; that
if there was one of its subordinate officers
who was not legally competent to hold the
office the acts of the Legislature >7ere vitiated.
Is that the proposition?
Mr. STEWART. I have not put it in that
shape. That is not my proposition.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I misunderstood
the Senator's argument.
Mr. STEWART. That was not my propo-
sition. My proposition is this : that here was
a Legislature which organized in defiance of
the reconstruction acts and admitted into its
body a controlling number of rebels in viola-
tion of your acts ; that Congress declared that
Legislature not to be legally organized; that
Congress said, in effect, that it bad no legal
organization by requiring it to commence de
novo; that Congress declared that it had no
legal power to elect a clerk or a sergeant-at-
srais ; that it had 110 legal power to judge of
the qualification of its own members, because
in its attempt to judge it had violated and dis-
regarded the law of Congress; and I say that
a Legislature thus organized, which there was
a necessity to reorganize, did not have the
capacity, under any theory, to elect Senators to
this body. To elect Senators is the very high-
est thing that can be done by a Legislature.
Ever since the fall of the rebellion we allowed
the provisional governments in the South to
do everything but elect Senators. That is
about the only thing they did which we h ave
set aside. We have set aside a few of their
class laws, legislation against portions of the
people, and we have disregarded their elections
of Senators. Almost everything else they have
done since the fall of the rebellion we have
allowed to stand.
We did not recognize the Legislature of
Georgia of 1868 any more than we did the
Legislature of 1866, so far as its acts were
concerned. Congresshasrepudiated the power
of these Legislatures to elect Senators. The
Legislature of 1866 elected Stephens and some
one else and sent them here. They were not
received. "Why? Not because we were not
allowing the Legislature to go on and do a
little legislation, not becanse there was not a
provisional government. there, not because
they were not administering their local laws
there. That was not it; but it was because
they had not brought themselves into harmony
with the laws of the United States, and you said
the State was not entitled to representation.
When Mr. Hill came here two years ago, why
was he excluded? Not because the Legisla-
ture sitting there might not pass local laws
and elect officers. Why was he excluded ? We
have the report of the majority of the com-
mittee upon this point. What do they say
about it? Here is a part of the report of the
committee on that question:
"Wherefore your committee feel called upon to
recommend that Mr. Hill be not allowed to take a
seat in the Senate for the reason that Georgia is not
entitled to representation in Congress, and submit
the accompanying resolution."
That.was the opinion of a majority of the
Judiciary Committee; there was but one dis-
senting voice, as I remember. Then Georgia
was not entitled to representation when this
report was made. Why? Because she had
failed to comply with the reconstruction acts.
Why had she failed to comply with the recon-
struction acts? In what had she failed to com-
ply with them? In the very essential thing of
the organization of her Legislature; in noth-
ing else. Now you Undertake to say that a
Legislature organized in violation of the re-
construction acts, a Legislature which know-
ingly and willfully admitted a controlling ma-
jority of men who were disqualified under the
fourteenth amendment; a Legislature which
trampled upon your reconstruction acts and
which required further legislation; you say
that that Legislature, thus rebellious, thus defy-
ing your authority, was entitled to elect Sen-
ators, and that you must receive them not-
withstanding Congress has found it necessary
to reorganize the body, and has repudiated
the election of its clerk and sergeant-at-arms.
That is the issue liere.
I say that the loyal people of Georgia are
entitled to be represented by men elected by
a loyal Legislature, if they elected a loyal
Legislature, and they did elect a loyal Legis-
lature, if the fourteenth amendment had been
complied with. If the act making the four-
teenth amendment a qualification had been
complied with, they had a loyal Legislature,
a Legislature that would not have revolution-
ized the State, which would not have made all
this trouble, which would not have required
this two years' legislation and this further recon-
struction. All this comes from the violence
of the Legislature in 1868, admitting fourteen
or fifteen disqualified men. It does not come
from the exclusion of the colored members,
because that was a subsequent act; the con-
trolling majority in that Legislature acquired
power by defying your authority. They ac-
quired power to elect Hill and Miller by defy-
ing your authority. Neither of them would
have ever been elected if the powers of that
Legislature had not been usurped by disquali-
fied men. They could not have been elected
any more than a rebel sergeant-at-arms or a
rebel clerk could have been elected if the
rebels had not usurped authority by receiving
a controlling number of disloyal men in that
Legislature. Yon said that in doing that act
by means of this rebel balance in power, they
had done an illegal thing; but now you say
that in doing a greater act, electing a Senator
to this body, they were perfectly competent to
act. It may be that this thing was done for
the purpose of electing a Senator, and I believe
it was. I believe this senatorial question had
something to do with it. There is no doubt
about it.
Mr. Brown was the Republican nominee;
and, as I count, he received a majority of the
votes of those legally entitled to sit in the
Legislature, excluding those who were subse-
quently excluded by virtue of the act of 1869.
Making that calculation, 1 can only make out
that Hill had 90 votes, while Brown had 92.
Brown was the Republican nominee, and it
was necessary to overthrow that nomination
by bringing in these disloyal persons, these
persons who were disqualified under the four-
teenth amendment. It was necessary to carry
that purpose, and it was also necessary to carry
the further purpose that this same Legislature
had in view, which was to exclude the colored
men. You repudiated the election of minor
officers, but you say they shall gain the other
object for which they rebelled, for which they
defied your authority ; they shall gain the elec-
tion of United States Senators. If that is done
I think the Senate is placed in the very embar-
rassing position of having legislated for two
years to reconstruct a State that had elected
Senators and was entitled to representation.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator has asserted,
at least half a dozen times I think, that those
members of the Legislature of Georgia were
elected in defiance of the fourteenth amend-
ment, when the fact is that the fourteenth
amendment was not in fact adopted by three
fourths of the States until long after their
election.
Mr. STEWART. The simple fact is that it
was adopted as a condition by Congress in the
act of June 25, 1868. It is true it was called
a proposed fourteenth amendment; but it was
made a condition by Congress in the recon-
struction acts, and a violation of it was a
violation of the reconstruction acts.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator's language
was that they were elected in violation of the
fourteenth amendment, and the fourteenth
amendment was not in force until afterward.
Mr. STEWART, It was in force for this
purpose, beyond any doubt.
Mr. THURMAN. Not at all.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Ohio
says they could not violate the terms of the
fourteenth amendment, because the fourteenth
amendment had not been adopted; but they
could violate, as I have said, the reconstruc-
tion acts. They could violate the fourteenth
amendment by refusing to comply with the
reconstruction acts in this case. The act of
June 25, 1868, says:
" But no person prohibited from holding office
under the United States, or under any State, Dy sec-
tion three of the proposed.amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States known as article four-
teen, shall be deemed eligible to any office in either
of said States, unless relieved from disability as pro-
vided in said amendment."
Mr. THURMAN. On what page is that?
Mr. STEWART. I am reading from page
14 of the report, the last part of section three
of the act of June 25, 1808. Now, so far as
Georgia was concerned, the fourteenth amend-
ment was in force, because Congress had de-
clared that in reorganizing she should exclude
persons who were excluded by the terms of
that amendment. That language is plain. It
is clear and positive that they refused to do it,
and refused, in my opinion, for the reason
that they wanted to elect another set of Sen-
ators from those who were nominated by the
Republican party. They refused to do it, in
my opinion, for the further reason that they
wanted to exclude the colored members.
