THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
FORTY-FIRST CONGRESS.
THIRD SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Moxday, December 5, 1870.
The first Monday of December being the
day prescribed by the Constitution for the
annual meeting of the Congress of the United
States, the third session of the Forty-First
Congress commenced this day. The Senators
assembled in the Senate Chamber, at the Cap-
itol, iu the city of Washington.
SENATORS PJtESEST.
The following Senators were present: From
the State of
Maine—Hon. Hannibal Hamlin,
New Hampshire—Hon. Aaron H. Crag in j
and Hon. James \V. Patterson.
Vermont—Hon. George F. Edmunds and
Hon. Justin S. Morrill.
Massachusetts—'Hon. Charles Sumner and
Hon. Henry Wilson.
Rhode Island—Hon. Henry B. Anthony and
Hon. William Sprague.
Connecticut—Hon. William A. Bucking-
ham and Hon. Orris S. Ferry.
New York—Hon. Reuben E. Fenton-.
New Jersey—Hon. Alexander 6. Cattell.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Simon Cameron and
Hon. John Scott.
Delawave—Hon. Willard Saulsbury.
Virginia—Hon. John W. Johnston and
Hon. John F. Lewis.
North Carolinar—Hon. Joseph C. Abbott.
South Carolina—Hon. Frederick A. Sawyer.
Florida—Hon. Abijah Gilbert and Hon.
Thomas W. Osborn.
Alabama—Hon. George E. Spencer.
Mississippi—Hon. Adelbert Ames.
Louisiana—Hon. JohnS. Harris and Hon.
William P. Kellogg.
Texas—Hon. J. W. Fla.na.gan and Hon.
Morgan C. Hamilton.
Arkansas—Hon. Benjamin F. Rice.
Missouri—Hon. Charles D. Drake and Hon.
Carl Schurz.
Tennessee—Hon. William G. Brownlow and
Hon. Joseph S. Fowler.
Kentucky.—Hon. Thomas C. McCreery.
West Virginia—Hon. Arthur I. Borem&n
and Hon. Wait man T. Willey.
Ohio—Hon. John Sherman and Hon. Allen
Cr. Tlmrman.
Indiana—Hon. Daniel D. Pratt and Hon.
Oliver P. Morton.
Illinois—Hon. Lyman Trumbull and Hon.
Richard Yates.
Michigan—Hon. Zaehariah Chandler.
Wisconsin—Hon. Matthew IT. Carpenter
and Hon, Timothy 0. Howe.
Iowa—Hon. James Harlun and Hon. James
B. Howell.
Minnesota—Hon. Alexander Ramsey.
41st Com. 3d Sess.—No. 1.
Kansas—Hon. Samuel C. Pomeroy and
Hon. Edmund G. Ross.
California—Hon. Eugene Casserly and
Hon. Cornelius Cole.
Nebraska—Hon. Thomas W. Tipton.
Oregon—Hon. Ilemy W. Corbett and Hon. ;
George II. Williams. '
Necad.a—Hon. William M. Stewart. !
The VICE PRESIDENT (Hon. Schuyler j
Colfax, of Indiana) called the Senate to order j
at twelve o'clock m., there being a quorum of |
Senators present. ;
prayeii. :
Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain to the j
Senate lor the Forty-First Congress, offered :
the following prayer : '
Almighty and eternal God, maker of all j
men, father of all mercies, from Thy throne j
in glory loot upon us, the offspring of Thy j
power and the objects of Thy regard. Upon ;
this national altar we pour the libation of our
gratitudej and offer to Thee the incense of our
devotion. Thou hast been gracious unto us
as a ration. LTnto our husbandry Thou hast
1 granted the most abundant harvests. Unto
' our miners Thou hast discovered the hidden
! treasures of the everlasting hills. While Thou
; hast permitted epidemics to touch upon our 1
! borders, yet health has held the mastery in all
! our great interior. Upon our schools of learn-
; ing, our houses of mercy, our temples ofpiety,
I Thou hast commanded Thy gracious blessing.
! And we devoutly thank Thee that -while the
j islands of the sea and the nations beyond the
' great deep have been scourged with war and
! drenched in human blood, yet in our fair lan-d
1 peace holds her mild scepter, the. laws are
i obeyed, and order is maintained.
| Again Thou hast permitted Thy servants to
i assemble in these legislative Halls, to resume
I the duties devolved upon them by a great and
enlightened people. Through Thy merciful
providence, amid health and sickness, at home
and abroad, Tho.u hast been their father and
their friend. Thou hast again permitted
them here to gather. Unto them grant broad
views of national legislation. Rising above the
contracted ideas of'the partisan, may they act
for the people. Looking beyond the lesser
limits of national welfare, may they have re-
spect to the well-being of all men. Imbue us
with the generous and enthusiastic spirit of
the age, that we may be identified with every
great movement looking forward to the liberty
of all men.
Upon our Chief Magistrate, upon the Yiee
President of this Republic, upon each Senator,
upon both branches of Congress assembled,
upon the Chief Justice and his associates, upon
our Army and Navy, upon all the people, upon
all mankind, grant Thy gracious blessing, which
inaketh rich and addeth no sorrow, which is
life forevermore. Through Jesus Christ, our
Lord. Amen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The time fixed
by law for the opening of tho third session of
the Forty-First Congress of the United States
having arrived, the Senate will now come to
order.
CltEDENSIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the credentials of
Hon. William Wixdom, appointed by the
Governor of tho State of Minnesota a Senator
from that State, to fill until the next session
of the Legislature the vacancy occasioned by
the death of Hon. Das-jet, S. Norton.
The credentials were read; and the oaths
prescribed by law having been administered to
Mr. Wikdom, he took his seat in the Senate.
notification to the house.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That tho Secretary inform tho House of
Representatives that a auorum of the Senate has
assembled, and that the Senate is ready to proeccd
to business.
kotificatiost to tiib president.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Resolved, That a committee, consisting .of two
members, be appointed, to join such cuuiniitiee as
may be appointed by the House of Representatives,
to wait upon tho President of the United States and
inform him that a quorum of each House has assem-
bled, and: that Congress is ready to rcccive any com-
munication he may bo pleased to make.
By unanimous consent, the Vice President
was authorized to appoint, the committee, and
Messrs, Wilsok and CAssEitr.Ywere appointed.
hour of siebtixq.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the hour of the daily meeting of
the Senate be twelve o'clock m. until otherwise
ordered.
petitions asd memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and
memorials are in order.
Mr. ED'MUNDS. I offer, in the nature of
a memorial, a joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of the State of Vermont touching cer-
tain claims of that State against the United
States, which I ask may be read and laid on
the table until' the committees shall have been
appointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read:
The Secretary read as follows :
Joint resolution-instructing the Verrnont delegation
in Congress to procure the passage of a bill pro-
viding for the payment of the balance of the war
claims due the State from the General Government.
Whereas it appears from the report made by tho
State auditor, in obedience to a resolution of the
House of Representatives, adopted October 6, ]f>70,
that there remains due the State of Vermont from
the United States an unpaid balance arising irom
claims presented said United States by the Sf.ite ot
Vermont amounting to the sum of $108,821 1/; anil
whereas it appears that, under the rulings ot the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, aiid
the Third Auditor thereof, a large proportion ot said
balance cannot be allowed the State without special
legislation by the Congress of the United btatos:
Therefore , „ . „
Be it resolved by the Senate and bouse of Itepresent-
ativeThat as this sum thus remaining unpaid was by
the State authorities actually expended in raising,
^ equipping, and subsisting men enlisted by the fotate
