1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
Mr. TRURMAN. Now I desire to cal! the
attention of the Senator to the fact that the
act was passed after all those Senators and
Representatives were elected.
Mr. STEWART. That does not make any
difference.
Mr. THURMAN. It shows that they were
not violating any act.
Mr. STEWART. It was passed before they
took their seats, and they violated that act by
doing so. You may talk about the constitu-
tionality of the act; but I do not suppose we are
going to commence here a debate on the con-
stitutionality of the act. It was passed before
they took their seats. It was passed as one
of the conditions of the admission of Georgia
as aState. Itwasacondition-precedentbefore
Senators and Representatives could be admit-
ted. It was a condition that we then imposed;
and in all these act3 Congress reserved the
right to impose new conditions, reserved the
power to further legislate. There is no one of
these acts that does not look to further legisla-
tion. It was a subject that required legislation
from time to time to bring these States in har-
mony with the General Government. This
act was passed before the organization of that
Legislature. It was by virtue of this very act
that that Legislature was called together at
all. By the terms of the act they were required
to exclude disloyal men ; and yet they refused
to obey the very terms of the act under which
tbey were convened. They revolutionized the
State, and brought it into such a condition
that Congress passed two acts to further recon-
struct it.
We have had the Georgia question before us
for two years. Now, you say that notwith-
standing all this you will go back by an act of
the Senate, overlook all this, and admit that
Congress has been reorganizing a State that
was all the time entitled to representation. I
do not believe that on a full consideration of
this questiou in all its aspects the Senate is
going to do any such thing. I cannot believe
it until the vote is taken. I do not believe that
any Senator who will read all these acts, who
will examine into the history of this ease, who
believes in the theory that Congress is first to
determine the question of the right of a State
to be represented, after which each House is
to judge of the electiou and qualification of
its members, will so vote. Mr. Hill can be
admitted upon the theory that Congress has no
right to make that declaration: that each
House is to judge not only of the election and
qualification of its members, but also of the
right of a State to be represented; that judging
ot the election and qualification of members
includes also the power to determine the right
of a State to be represented, on the theory of
Mr. Johnson, which we refused to subscribe
to by Our reconstruction acts.
This is a direct violation of the reconstruc-
tion acts and a vote of censure upon ourselves,
or rather an acknowledgment that we have now
for nearly three years excluded a State after
it was entitled to representation; that we
have for nearly three years legislated to recon-
struct a State, requiring the reorganization of
its Legislature, requiring the military to con-
trol it and aid in that reorganization, although
the State was all the time entitled to represent-
ation.
I think the State of Georgia is entitled to
representation by -virtue of the act that we
passed in July last. That act beyond a doubt
referred to the organization that Congress
sanctioned. Why, sir, take the history of it
in the Senate. After the organization in Jan-
uary last, and the election of Farrow and White-
ley, the proceedings of the Legislature were
submitted to the Senate and referred to the
Judiciary Committee, and the Judiciary Com-
mittee examined them and reported back—
what? They reported back that no further
legislation was necessary. Bid they report on
the organization of 18GS? Did they examine
that organization to determine the question?
No; the organization that they proposed to
have ratified was the one that had then just
taken place under the act of 1869. That was
fresh. It came here; it was passed upon; and
your committee said that it was unnecessary to
have any further legislation to reconstruct
Georgia; that the then Legislature was prop-
erly organized.
Then we have the act of 1870. It does not
relate back to 1868. Show me a case where
a Territory has been admitted and the act
admitting it has been construed to relate back
to the day of the election. There are many
of them; but when you show me one of those
cases I will show you a Legislature that has
not been reorganized by Congress; I will show
you a Legislature that has maintained its loyal
status from the election of Senators up to the
time of the passage of that act; I will show
you a Legislature that Congress did not tear
all to pieces and require to be reorganized; I
will show you a State "that had a Legislature
and elected a clerk and sergeant-at-arms, and
we let them alone; I will show you a Legis-
lature that judged of the election and qualifi-
cation of its own members, and yon never
attempted to interfere with it. Here you have
a Legislature that you have repudiated in
everything else. You reconstructed Georgia
further by reorganizing the Legislature. You
repudiated it for every national purpose. You
repudiated its organization in the most pointed
terms. You put outa controlling number that
gave the majority one way or the other. You
put out those rebels, so as to throw the major-
ity the other way. It is not the same Legisla-
ture at all. Take out those fourteen orfif'teen
men, and you have a Republican Legislature;
put them in, and you have a rebel Legislature.
It has been said that this was the same Le-
gislature ; that the same Legislature elected
Farrow and Whiteley that expelled the colored
men. It is not the same Legislature at all.
The controlling majority is altogether differ-
ent ; and you required it to be different before
you would recognize its acts. You required it
to be different before you declared the State
entitled to representation.
Mr. CARPENTER. Do I understand
my friend from Nevada to maintain that if by
some accident or some outrage the political
complexion of a Legislature changes from
one party to the other it is in contemplation
of law a different Legislature? Take the case
where the two political parties are tied on joint
ballot, and one man of them dies, or one of
them is murdered, so that the other party gets
the majority : is that thereafter not the same
Legislature because the political complexion
of it is changed?
Mr. STEWART. The Senator did not
understand me to say any such thing. I did
not say anything thatmeaut anything near like
it at all. But 1 do say that if the Legislature
receives outsiders in violation of law, so that
it has to be reorganized, that reorganized
Legislature is not the old organized Legis-
lature as it was when it usurped power.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask one question more ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. What would have been
the political complexion of this new Legis-
lature if they had not let men take their seats
who never were elected by the people ? Would
it not have been the same as it was before ? |
Mr. STEWART. I think not. ;
Mr. CARPENTER. That was conceded in !
the argument before the committee.
Mr. STEWART. I did not hear anything
of that kind.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is what they let
them in for, to change the political complexion
of the Legislature.
Mr. STEWART. But why did you say that
that was all right and did not need any fur-
ther legislation? The committee reported
that. You recommended that there should
be no further legislation, and recommended
an act to legalize the Legislature, and you
passed an act declaring it legal. So that I
think the legality of the last Legislature is
pretty well adjudicated by Congress. After
debate here Congress said, we will recognize
all this. After Whiteley and Farrow were
elected Congress, at all events, if their acts
were ever so bad, recognized that Legislature.
The other Legislature you did not recognize.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senator from
Nevada if he will give way for a motion to
adjourn? It is now half past four o'clock.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. RAMSEY. I make the motion that
the Senate now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I know the
Senator from Minnesota is anxious to get up
his steamship bills, and therefore he does not
want to adjourn. Let us finish this matter
to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Minnesota insist on his motion?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada yields to the Senator from Minnesota,
who moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Now myfriend from Wis-
consin thinks there could be no such thing as
making this a different Legislature; that we
could not do it by reorganizing it; that we could
not do it by putting out a given number. Sup-
pose we had put out a majority of them : would
it have been a different Legislature then ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Very well. Then suppose
you put out enough to hold the balance of
power between the two parties, would not that
have the same effect? Would it be the same
Legislature?
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to answer my
friend that question. He seems to make no
discrimination, when he is discussing a legal
question here, between the etatu3 of a legal
body like a Legislature and the uncertain con-
dition of a mere political party, which is not
recognized by any law, no matter how broad
and moral a platform it may stand upon. If
you turn out a majority of the Legislature and
put in their places men who never have been
elected, that ceases to be the Legislature; but
if the majority of that body remained the same
from the first to the last, as is the case with
Georgia, then, although from the accident of
death or the outrage of the murder of one man
the political complexion of the Legislature may
be changed, it is the same Legislature in a legal
sense.
Mr. STEWART. But my friend fails in
his argument to see the necessity of having a
legally organized Legislature for the purpose
of electing a Senator. He says the same ar-
sons were there. He fails to see the neces-
sity of having a legally organized Legislature.
They may come together, if the same men
could do it, as a mob. In this case it had no
officers that Congress would recognize. He
fails to see any necessity for any organization
at all. These men gathered together there,
and the same men afterward were legally
organized; and be says that those men who
were gathered together there in that rebellious
form, (for it was, so far as the Congress of the
United States is concerned, in rebellion as
much as possible, defiant,) must necessarily
be the same Legislature.
Now, I tell my friend that there was no
Legislature legally organized at all; that these
people got together and went through the form
of organizing, and that is all you say in your
Georgia report. Tbe majority of them do not
pretend to say that they really did organize in
good faith, because that would be right in vio-
lation of what Congress said. They did not
organize in good faith. It is as necessary that
