828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
a Legislature should be duly organized to have
the right to elect Senators as it is that they
should be duly elected. It is necessary, it
seems to me, that the State should be entitled
to representation before the State can be organ-
ized in a way to entitle it to representation.
Congress never declared that Georgia in 1868
was organized so as to have a right to elect
Senators. On the contrary, that organization
has made a great deal of trouble to the United
States.
The receiving of those disloyal men has been
a very serious thing to Georgia, and it has been
a very serious thing to the whole country. It
is a matter that we have undertaken to deal
witE seriously. We have undertaken to dis-
cipline Georgia for that rebellious act. We
have undertaken to discipline the people of
Georgia for that rebellious act. We have re-
organized her Legislature. We have laid har
under military rule for three years; but now,
after the people of Georgia have been disci-
plined for that rebellious act, after the State
has been kept out this long time, the Senate
comes forward and puts the very men in for
whose benefit the rebellion was carried on, for
whose benefit these men were forced into that
Legislature.
Notwithstanding all this disciplining of the
people of Georgia, notwithstanding all this
trouble and all these legislative declarations,
the men for and in whose behalf all this was
done, and by means of which they were elected,
are to be received by the Senate. You put
out the clerk and sergeant-at-arms; you say
that their election was illegal, that Georgia
was not State enough to do that, and was not
State enough to do anything, but to elect Sen-
ators. Is not that a strange position for this
Senate to occupy? Congress thought thai
Legislature could not elect a sergeant-_at-aw s.
The Senate now thinks it could elect Doited
States Senators. I submit there is a bio$d
distinction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on ib e am end m e n t of the Senator from Nevada,
to strike out the name "Joshua Hill" and
insert " H. P. Farrow."
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to ask the Senator
(Vom Nevada what conditions were required in
the act of 1868 that the Georgia Legislature
did not perform?
Mr. STEWART. They did not exclude the
disqualified men.
Mr. FOWLER. Was that the only one?
Mr. STEWART. That was the only one in
organization; but that gave those who were
disposed to disobey the laws of Congress the
power whereby they afterward excluded the
colored men.
Mr. FOWLER. Then, if I understand the
position of the Senator, that was the only con-
dition in the act of 1868 that they did noi
perform.
JJr. STEWART. In form they complied
with them; but of course they did not comply
with any of them in good faith. When they
organized improperly, of course the whole
thing was void. They were not organized in
harmony with the Government of the United
SMtes. They refused to do it. They wanted
a majority whereby they could exclude the
colored men and shape their laws. They got
that majority. Theywanteda majority whereby
they could elect Hill and Miller. They Jot
that majority. They forced them in there a$d
defied the laws of Congress. That is my
position.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
State of Georgia, a State organized under
Federal authority since the war, has hereto-
fore been declared entitled to representation
in Congress. Hill and Miller claim to have
been elected Senators by the Legislature of
that State in 1868, and demand their .seats.
Farrow and Whiteley, elected in 1870, deny
the right of Hill and Miller, and claim for
themselves the seats in this body which belong
to the State of Georgia. The Constitution,
speaking of the two Houses of Congress, pro-
vides :
" Each House shall bo the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members."
It is under this provision, and exercising
the jurisdiction it casts upon us, that we are
about to decide, not whom we could desire to
have as representatives of the State of Geor-
gia in this body, but who, in fact, have been
elected. The duty cast upon us is purely
judicial in its character, and in its perform-
ance we may not honestly consider any polit-
ical interest or party end. We mast determine
this question as a judicial court would dispose
of it; not according to our likings, but accord-
ing to the facts of the case, and in accordance
with the well-settled principles of parliament-
ary Jaw applicable to the subject. It is under-
stood that the State of Oregon has recently
elected, a gentleman to take the seat of the
honorable Senator from that State imme-
diately before me, [Mr. Williams.] This I
deeply regret. But, if the fact be so, I shall
vote to admit him to a seat in this body, for
the reason that I may not deny facts and
violate the law because they lead to results I
do not desire, any mote than I atn at liberty to
steal a purse in consequence of my poverty.
The Legislature of a State has a right to elect
whom it will, and I cannot truthfully say it
has not elected p e man because I think it
ought to have elected another.
I do not intend to make an argument, but to
state briefly the grounds upoti which my judg-
ment rests. It is not very important which of
the four claimants shall be admitted to seats,
but it is vastly important that the Senate, in
settling a question like this, should bear first
principles steadily iu roiud, and not set a pre-
cedent through which, in troublous times,
1' many an error will rush into the State.''
In the first place, I regard it as a fundamental
principle that, in determining the election of
US members, the Senate has no right to inquire
into the right of individual members of the
State Legislature to hold their seats, provided
it be admitted that a majority of both houses
of the Legislature making the election were
duly elected and legally qualified. I under-
stand those who oppose the report of the major-
ity of the Committee on the Judiciary in this
case to claim the right to do this.
Mr. STEWART. Oh, no; nobody proposes
any such thing.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am glad if the Sen-
ator renounces this pretension. One of two
things is certain. You must either say that
when a majority of each house of the Legis-
lature are duly elected and qualified their
action must be accepted as the action of the
Legislature, and that you cannot inquire into
the election or eligibility of individual mem-
bers; or you must go to the extreme of main-
taining that, if one ineligible member is seated
In either house, that house is not a legal body.
In our system of government the sovereignty
is divided between the Union and the States;
and the action of the States is necessary to
elect Senators. The Constitution provides
that "the Senators from each State shall be
chosen by the Legislature thereof." The State
governments are supposed to exist, and derive
their powers from the people, not from the
Federal Government. The people have con-
ferred certain powers upon the States, and
have delected certain other powers to (he
Union.
The constitution of every State in the Union
declares that each house of the Sitate Legisla-
ture shall be the exclusive judge of the elec-
tion and qualification of its own members. If
this power is exclusive in the State Legisla-
tures,.the same power cannot be exercised by
us. Congress possesses no appellate or revis-
ing .power over the Cegislatures in this rsspect.
Ifthere lie not a majority, or legjtl quorum
of .each house of the Legislature, duly elected
and. qualified, then, of course, there is no
Legislature, and there can be no election of a
Senator to this body. Under the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution, Congress may
legislate for the enforcement of its provisions.
Congress may declare it a felony for any man
to take his seat in a State Legislature, or a
felony to admit any man to such seat, who is
disqualified by that amendment; and may de-
clare the punishment, and give the Federal
courts jurisdiction to try and punish offend-
ers. But, in the absence of such legislation
it is not competent for the Senate to usurp the
jurisdiction which is vested in the State Legis-
lature, nor is it competent for us to usurp the
power to revise their judgments.
Congress has declared that the State of
Georgia is reorganized and entitled to repre-
sentation in this Chamber. Now, what is that
State of Georgia which Congress has declared
entitled to such representation ? It is the cor-
poration or State government created by and
organized under the constitution of that State,
adopted since the war, and which has been
declared by Congress to be republican in form.
In the early part of the summer of 1868 this
government was in complete existence and in
full operation. Its executive department was
filled and exercised by Governor Bullock; its
legislative department was exercised by sen-
ators and representatives elected at the time
Governor Bullock was elected; and that Legis-
lature was in session at the capital of the State.
And, inasmuch as no other State government
of Georgia has since been organized, it follows
that when we shall admit either set of claimants
now applying for seats here we shall thereby
declare that government to constitute one of
the sisterhood of American States; and we
shall thereby ratify and confirm every consti-
tutional act performed by that government,
except such as we may expressly repudiate.
Now, in the summer of i868, while thatgov-
erniaent was unquestioned in its proceedings,
the Legislature passed aud the Governor .ap-
proved numerous important laws for tbe future
government of that State; the Governor nom-
inated, and, by and with the consent of the
senate, appointed and commissioned judges
of all the judicial courts of the State, and the
Legislature elected Hill and Miller Senators
to represent the State in this body. I under-
stand that Mr. Farrow was appointed by the
Governor, on advice of the senate, attorney
geueral of the State, and that he has ever since
continued to exercise that office, by virtue of
that appointment, although he now claims his
seat here upon the ground that the government
which made him attorney general was abso-
lutely void. The judges thus appointed have
been holding courts ever since. Important
questions, concerning the title to lands and
other private rights, have been adjudicated;
the estates of deceased persons have been set-
tled ; innumerable judgments have been ren-
dered; thieves and murderers have been tried
and sentenced to punishment; and this Gov-
ernment has compelled the obedience of the
people of Georgia to the laws and judicial pro-
ceedings of that government. No one ques-
tions the validity of any of the proceedings
of that Legislature prior to its expulsion of
the colored members, except its election of
United States Senators.
It must be apparent that the Legislature, as
it was organized and existed iu July, 18fS6,
was-either a valid Legislature, competent to
do all the things which the Legislature of that
government might do ; competent to pass laws,
confirm the nomination of judges, and elect
Senators to this body, or it was a mere volun-
tary convention of gentlemen, possessing no
attribute of a Legislature, and powerless bo do
any one of the things it pretended to do. Jo
the latter event the courts are now being held
by usurping judges: the laws under yhiehtha
courts are proceeding are nullities, and Wiftny,
if not all, of their judgments are void. Theos
