1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&2 
is no middle ground. That body was either
the Legislature of that State, competent to
exercise every legislative function, or it was
no Legislature at all, and powerless to exer-
cise a single legislative function.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator contend
that all the acts of the Legislatures of these
States while they were incapacitated from
electing Senators were void ? There were a
great many appointments made of officers in
those States who have gone on for years in the
performance of their duties while the State was
denied representation. The attorney general
under the Johnson government held office for
several years.
Mr. CARPENTER, Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question or two and proceed
with my remarks?
Mr. STEWART. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator does not
desire to put me a question. If he did he
knows I would yield. He desires to answer
me while I am ou my feet, and I prefer that he
should do that after I am through.
Mr. STEWART. You did the same thing
to me.
Mr. CARPENTER. Not at ail. I tried to
ask the Senator a few: questions, but he would
not permit me.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator con-
tend 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hahlan
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Wiscon-
sin yield to the Senator from Nevada?
Mr. CARPENTER. I suggest to the Sen-
ator that he had better let me state what I do
contend for before he asks tne what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin declines to yield.
Mr. CARPENTER. No. I do not; I yield.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator under-
take to say that the power to legislate and
appoint State officers involves the power to
elect Senators? Does he want to put himself
in that position?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. Then, upon that theory, I
maintain that all the Johnson governments
from the beginning had the power to elect
Senators, and we ought to have admitted them.
We have all the while recognized their other
legislation, but repudiated the election of Sen-
ators.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am not, discussing
the powers of what he calls the Johnson gov-
ernments. I am speaking of a government
which we are now treating as one of the mem-
bers of this Union : a government which Con-
gress has declared entitled to representation
here; a government whose Senators are about
to be admitted to seats in this Chamber.
Mr. STEWART. Are you talking about
the government in regard to which we passed
the act of December . 1S0O, to " further pro-
mote reconstruction ?" Are you talking about
that government?
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, Mr. President,
there is a class of disputants, found in the
justices' courts in the country towns, after
contention with whom for some hours you
retire with a sense of physical weariness—men
who will never listen patiently to the state-
ment of an opinion opposed to their own. The
Senator understands me perfectly well, and I
understand hiui perfectly well. He thinks I
am wrong, and I know he is. [Laughter.] _ He
may just as well let me state my view of the
question, and then he can state his again.
Mr. STEWART. There is another class 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada must keep his seat unless the
Senator from Wisconsin yields to him.
Mr. STEWART. I was going to say that
there is another class who will spend a whole
day and not be williug to hear the slightest
argument.
Mr. CARPENTER. Thatisthe same class
I alluded to.
Mr. STEWART. No; another class.
[! Mr. CARPENTER. The same class; a
| class that do not tax intellect, but always tax
h the physique. It is the same class to which I
;i referred.
It is too plain to be the subject of debate
that the Legislature of which I am speaking
was either a legal Legislature, possessing all
the attributes which belong to such a body, or
it was a mere convention or caucus, with no
legal powers whatever. It was competent to
perform every legislative act, or it had no
power to perform any such act.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to inter-
rupt the Senator, but 
Hr. CARPENTER. Then do not. You
need not, on my account.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Wisconsin yield to the Senator from
Nevada?
Mr. CARPENTER. He says he does not
wish to interrupt me. He need not, on my
account; but if he does desire to interrupt me,
I will yield to him.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator by what
authority he vindicated the putting outof those
clerks that that Legislature elected. He says
it had a perfect right to do everything or noth-
ing. What did he meddle with that matter for?
Why did he meddle with their clerk and ser-
ge_ant-at-arms if they had a right to do every-
thing?
Mr. CARPENTER. That is precisely what
the same bodies at all. Then, of course, they
could not elect a Senator, they eonld not pass
a law, they could not elect a judge, they
could not do any act whatever that would be
j legal and binding as the Legislature of th®
I State of New York.
I Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator from
| Wisconsin allow me to make a suggestion to
| him upon the point on which he is now speak-
I ing?
: Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
1 Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator will remem-
ber, when I- remind him of it, that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary reported as an amend-
ment to his bill the very provision upon which
my friend from Nevada now bangs his argu-
ment, and that was, that until we should see
what was to become of Georgia its Legisla-
ture should be provisional; but the Senate
declined to leave it provisional, and rejected
that amendment which the committee had
reported.
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir; that is so.
Now,.what is the act which wedid pass? What
does it contemplate? The motive for passing
it. has been stated by the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, It was not that a few
bad been seated who were disqualified under
the fourteenth amendment or under the recon-
struction acts of Congress. Although that was
known or supposed to be the fact Congress
liid not interfere upon that ground. It did
I was going to discuss, if the Senator would ;j not interfere during all the period in which
permit me. But I must do it in my own way, that Legislature was proceeding, withoutques-
tion, to pass laws, to qualify judges, and to
perform other acts of governmental admin-
istration, including the election of United
and if the Senator really desires to know my
opinion of the matter as to which he inquires
he had better allow me to proceed.
The Senator alludes to the act of Congress | States Senators, it was only by an act sub-
passed December 22, 1869, and I understand j sequent to that, when the Legislature ejected
his view to rest mainly upon that act. Now, ;| from both houses the colored members, and
let us examine that act, and see whether it thus, by an act of revolution, put itself out of
interrupted the continuity of that Legislature.
The act is substantially the bill which I drew j
myself and introduced; and it was drawn, as *
any man by reading it may see, to avoid a j
difference of opinion that was known to exist ;
in the Judiciary Committee and in the Senate !
as to what was the legal status of the State of !
Georgia at that time. The chairman of the t
Judiciary Committee and other Senators be- !
lieved that the reconstruction of Georgia was j
complete, and that she was entitled to repre- ,
sentation. Other members of the committee .]
and other Senators entertained an opposite :
opinion. It was my purpose, in drawing that
bill, so to frjime it that i  might be supported i
by those who believed Georgia to be a full
State, and equally well by those who believed
her government to be merely provisional.
And I maintained when the bill was pend-
ing in the Senate what I affirm to-day, not-
withstanding the assertion of the Senator from
Nevada, that if the same state of things were
found to exist in New York, if a hundred
bullies should take possession of the house
of assembly and fifty more of the senate of
that State, and expel the men who were elected
and who had taken their seats, and thus disor-
ganize that Legislature, and an appeal should
be made to Congress, we should not only have
the power, but it would be oar bounden duty,
in the form of legislation, if it could be accom-
plished in that way, and if not, in such other
form as might be necessary, to cat out that
diseased spot in the government- of New York
and restore it to a healthy condition.
Mr. STEWART. And suppose after the
bullies had possession, as in this cass, they
had elected a Senator, would it be the duty
of the Senate to receive him notwithstanding?
. Mr. CARPENTER. Well, Mr. President-,
it is utterly impossible for me to discuss what
I want to, and I will stop that line and discuss
what the Senator desires me to discuss. I say
to his question, certainly not. Now, we have
no difference of opinion as to what I mean
on that point. The case I suppose is that
both houses have been taken by force and the
majority of them changed so that they are not
the pale of the law, as we claim, that Congress
interfered, and interfered for the purpose of
correcting that wrong. Did we declare that
the whole State government was gone? Not
at all. Did that act interfere with Governor
Bullock's functions at all? And was not he
tlien, as he is now, the executive head of the
same government? Did we interfere at all
with him? Did we say that there was no
State government of Georgia there? Not at
all. The bill from beginning to end, from
iis title to signature, proceeds upon the ground
that there was a State government there.
: The Senator says we disciplined that Legiala-
;} ture. Precisely: but if had not been a Legisla-
tnre we eonld not have disciplined it. If it had
been a mere caucus, a voluntary assemblage
!' of individuals in Georgia, we could not have
'• taken any notice of their proceedings nor
!' declare how they should organize. It was
i upon the specific and sole ground that it was a
!■ Legislature and that it had had a legal exist-
;| enee that we declared that the Governor of
the State should recall the members who had
been present at first, and that they should
reorganize both houses.
Now, the Senator from Nevada says we re-
quired them to reelect their sergeant-at-arms,
clerk, and doorkeeper. Precisely ; because
in every legislative body that is a part of t]ie
organization of the body. But we did not
provide that they should reenact laws; we did
not provide that the judges who were holding
their seats on the bench should vacate them;
we did not attack or impugn the character,
the power, the attributes, and quality of that
government in any respect, except that which
was diseased, to wit, the Legislature. We left
its Governor intact; we left its judicial depart-
ment in full operation. We simply dealt with
that branch of the government which had
become disordered by this revolutionary con-
duct, and to the mere extent of curing that
evil, and putting it upon its feet again as
the Legislature of the State government of
Georgia.
That is. all we did; and instead of that Jmng
an argument against the validity of the laws
