1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ered the very objection of the Senator, and
thinking that under the circumstances it might
be very well disregarded. But I do not press
it if the Senator objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I do not make any
objection at all to the information.
Mr. SUMNEll. SI think the information
will be valuable with a view to legislation that
is actually pending.
Mr. DRAKE. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts that the j
information which he desires could be more !
properly acquired by referring the matter to
some committee of the Senate, with instruc |
tions to inquire into it; and then that commit- |
tee could see these parties, and the Senate I
would not be placed 111 the position referred j
to by the Senator from Illinois, of sending j
requests to outside parties to give information, I
which request might in this case be complied i
with, but, in some future case which might arise I
in consequence, of this precedent might, been- i
tirely disregarded. As this is a matter touch-
ing education in the District of Columbia, I
would suggest to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts to let his resolution lie on the
table untilthe committees are organized, and
then refer the subject to the Committee on
Education and Labor, with instructions to
inquire into the matter and obtain the inform-
ation.
Mr. SUMNER. I hesitate very much to
prolong this conversation; but the committee
to whom the matter should be properly referred
wou'.d bs the Committee on the District of
Columbia. As a member of that committee,
and with its consent, I have already reported
a bill applicable to t,h& colored schools of this
District; and it was especially with a view to
the consideration of the measure that I desired
this information. Now, I know no way of
obtaining it more directly than by the passage
of the resolution, and especially when X am
informed that the board of trustees stand ready
to make a report on the subject. I hope, there
fore, that there will be no objection of form.
I think it will be no precedent tor the future.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, if I were
a member of the dominant party in this Cham-
ber 1 should consider it very desirable that, t,hey
should get all the information they can, by re-
quest or otherwise. If they will offeraresolution
of inquiry, if not incompatible with the public
interest, to iind out the status of their parly in
that section of country from which I come, I ]
think it may do good. I think the time is not, j
only approaching, but now is, when, if they will j
simply introduce a resolution of inquiry asking !
how does the white man's party in this country |
progress, what is its present status, and what
are Its future prospects, if they would simply
inquire "Watch mans what of the night?'' it might
' be profitable. I shall therefore, not sympathiz-
ing at all with the object of the resolution, vote
for it, because I wish our Republican fnends
to have all the information, by request or other-
wise, which they can obtain. I should like,
however, some gentleman of the dominant, party
to introduce an amendment making inquiry
what has become of the fifteenth amendment,
and the act enforcing it in the border States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is not befqie the Senate for present consider-
ation if theSenator from Missouri [Mr. Drake]
objects. The Chair understood him to object
for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. Do not object; letitpass.
Mr. DRAKE. I think it had better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The consider-
ation of the resolution being objected to, it is
removed from the present consideration of the
Senate.
TRANSPORTATION OF IMPORTED GOODS.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to iurnish the fcenatc with a copy of the
forms of entries, oaths, bonds, rules, and regulations
prescribed hy him under the act of July 14, 1870,
providing that all merchandise imported at ocrtaio
ports of the United States aiid destined for certain
other ports of the United St^ues may be immediately
transported to such other ports.
CONSTRUCTION OF TWENTY-FIRST JOINT RULE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to take up House
bill No. 2-11-1, ceding jurisdiction to the State
of Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before putting
the question on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio the Chair will call the attention of the
Senate to the twenty-first joint rule. That rule,
which 1 he Chair understands has been construed
twice by the Senate, reads as follows:
"Aftersixdaysfromtheeommfencementof asecond |
or subsequent session of Congress all bills, resolu- ;
tions. or reports which originated in either House, |
and at the close of the next preceding session re-
mained undetermined in either House, shall bo
resumed mid acted on in the same manner ns if an
adjournment had not taken place/'
The Chair understands that upon two occa-
sions the Senate of the United States decided,
and on one of them, at least, on appeal, that
this rulo barred action by the Senate, during j
the first six days of the session of a Congress .
after the first, upon any House business. The j
Chair will state that in the House of Repre-
sentatives the effect of this joint rule has been !
decided to be precisely the reverse—thatitdoes j
not bar that action; but the Senate have here- !
tofbre decided upon appeal, in the case of a j
Pacific railroad bill sought to be taken up on |
motion of a then Senator from California, Mr. j
Owin, which was objected to by Senator Pearce j
of Maryland, that, this joint, rule, adopted by i
I both Houses, prohibited action within the first
, six days of a second or subsequent, session of a
' Congress upon business pending at the close of
the preceding session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to raise a
question of order or take any appeal: but, I
have always considered the twenty first joint
rule as merely supplementary, and supposed
that the Senate might, at their own pleasure,
take up from their Calendar any bill pending
on it. For instance, this bill has been reported
from a committee of the Senate, and is now
pending on the Calendar ; the Calendar is
placed on our table to-day as "the order of
, business." It seems to me to be rather a
1 narrow construction to hold that we cannot.
I now act. 011 such a bill; but still I shall submit
to it if that is the practice of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that, as he is
perhaps aware, the present occupant of the
chair in the other House decided the Senator's
view to be the proper construction. The Sen-
ate. however, have decided differently, and it
is his duty in this chair to administer what the
Senate have decided by a vote of yeas and nays
to be the true construction of the rule.
Mr. P0M1SR0Y. I think we have con-
stantly been in the habit of taking up bills on
the first day of the session.
Air. SHERMAN. On reflection, as this is
a question whether or not we shall lose one
week, when there are bills here that ought
to be acted upon, and can be acted on now
probably as well as at any other time, I will
submit to the Senate whether it is right to ad-
here to that construction of the rale which
would delay business. The decision made by
the Senate heretofore seems not to be founded
in reason, because these bills are nowreported
to us from our own committees ; they are on
the Calendar of the Senate; they have received
the action of the other House, and only require
the action of the Senate to complete them. It
is scarcely worth while to adhere to an em-
barrassing decision made by a former Senate
without full consideration, perhaps. If this
rule heretofore has been so construed the
Chair is perfectly right in enforcing it now, but
if it be enforced we shall do nothing this week,
but simply waste our time by coming here day
by day and going off again. We have on the
Calendar eight hundred bills, many of which
are of pressing importance and ought to. be
acted on. - ■ - :
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Ohio desires, the Chair will submit tEte
question to the Senate without deciding ithim-
self. The Chair will state that the fifty-second
rule of the Senate, revised and adopted 01. the
26th of March, 18(38, seems to confirm the
opinion expressed by the Senator from Ohio,
which was the ruling in the House of Repre-
sentatives. The Chair will first state the con- .
dit.ion of business. The morning business hav-
ing been concluded, the next business in order
is the unfinished business pending at the ad-
journment of the last session of Congress,
being the bill (S. No. 956) to encourage the
building of ships for foreign trade, and for
other purposes, upon which the Senator from
j Delaware [Mr. BatahdJ was entitled to the
I floor. The first special order after that is
House bill No. 98G, to abolish the franking
i privilege, which remains a special order on
i the Calendar. The Senator from Ohio, how-
■ ever, has moved to proceed to the consider-
! alion of House bill No. 2414. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate whether,
under the present rules, the Senate regard that
motion as m order.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand the Chair
is about to submit the question to the Senate.
I submit to the Chair whether it is in order to
proceed to the consideration of that bill while
the twenty-first joint, rule stands unaltered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
stated, but the Senator from Ohio probably
did not hear him, the moment his colleague
made this motion, that this joint rule had been
construed in the House of Representatives,
and by the present occupant of the chair
when presiding there, as not inhibiting the
taking up during the first six days of the ses-
sion of any bill by motion, but that it required
after six days that the bills should then be
resumed on the Calendar in the condition in
which they stood previous to the adjournment.
The Senate, however, decided on appeal, by
a vote of yeas and nays once, if not twice,
that this joint rule does prohibit the taking up
of business from the other House during the
first six days of a second or subsequent ses-
sion of a Congress.
Mr. THUKMAN. Then I submit that if
this is a joint rule it cannot be suspended by
the action of the Senate alone, and we cannot
proceed with the consideration of this bill
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague, I presume,
did not hear the explanation made a moment
ago. It has been decided in the House of
Representatives that under _ this joint rule
bills can be taken upon motion at any time.
The Senate, however, fell into a different
practice; and so the two Houses disagree in
construing the joint rule. I think the action
of the House is founded in good reason.
There is no reasonin the world why we should
remain here for six days idle because we can-
not take up a bill on the Calendar reported
by one of our own committees. Itseems t.o me,
without regard to the bill to be taken up, the
Senate had better reverse its former action,
and leave the matter open. Otherwise we
shall remain here six days without doing a
single thing, consuming valuable time without
any object gained. 1 hope, therefore, the
question will be taken on reversing the prac-
tice of the Senate, without tegard to any bill
proposed to betaken up.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senate has de-
cided that bills cannot be taken up during
the first si-x days of a second session,-that is a
construction of the Senate, and it cannot be
affected by any interpretation of that, rule
upon it by the House of Representatives. _ If
the two Houses disagree in regard to the i (in-
terpretation of a rule, that may be a very good
reason for having some action by a committee
of the two Houses to reconcile the Houses iu
; their construction of that rule, by amendment
