880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
which have been passed by the Legislature,
against the validity of the election of her
judges, against the right of Mr. Farrow to act
as attorney general, and all that sort of thing,
it is an argument for exactly the reverse of
that, because when we dealt with it as the
Legislature of the State, and pointed out the
particulars in which it should retrace its steps,
and how much of its action it should revise,
we impliedly indorsed everything else, we
impliedly said, " Your Governor is all right;
he shall proceed and act; we make him an
instrumentality in this very act to do what we
require to be done, and we do it, not by desig-
nating Mr. Bullock, but* we commanded him
to proceed in his official character, as the
Governor of Georgia."
Will the Senator from Nevada or anybody
else maintain that there was a government in
existence as to its executive department and
not in existence as to its legislative department,
a government passing laws, the Governor nom-
inating judges, and the senate confirming them,
the courts open and justice being administered,
the whole complete administration of govern-
ment going on at the hands of a body'of men
claiming to be a government? And yet the
Senator from Nevada says, by nodding to my
question,.that there was of the old government
nothing that was sound except the executive
department. Mr. President, I cannot believe
it. If I could, I might vote just as I understand
my friend from Nevada will vote, to reject the
men who were elected and to seat the men
who I might wish had been eleeted; but to
repeat: everything, in my judgment, turns upon
the one question whether that-wasa Legislature
in 1868; and I maintain that nothing in the
subsequent act which we passed impugns that
character at all. On the contrary, that act
itself treated with it as a Legislature. We dis-
ciplined it as a Legislature. We could not
have interfered ifithad not been a Legislature,
and we interfered only to correct a particular
evil, to reseat the colored members who had
been expelled; and from that time on, and in
every other respect and particular, we left the
Legislature and every other branch of the gov-
ernment in full operation.
Now shall we, for the purpose of seating two
gentlemen that we may prefer to two others,
pass a solemn judgment that may shake the
very foundations of the Government in times to
come? Shall we, in view of the condition of
things in Georgia, and of the violence and dis-
order that have kept that people so long in tur-
moil and confusion, now unsettle everything?
Shall we pass our deliberative judgment that
through 1868 there was no Legislature of that
State, there never was a law legally passed,
that every judge administering justice to-day
in that State is a usurper, that every judgment
pronounced, in her judicial tribunals is void,
that the estates of dead men are unsettled, that
the titles of land instead of being fixed are
unfixed. All this legitimately results from say-
ing that iu 1868 this Legislature was not organ-
ized so as to be a legal body.
Now one moment further. The other ground
upon which my friend placed the illegality of
this Legislature is that there were men in it
who are now ineligible under the fourteenth
amendment. I do not propose to argue that
question at length; but I want to call the at-
tention of the Senate to a construction, and
what I think is the proper construction, of the
fourteenth article.
The third section of the fourteenth article
is as follows:
"Xo person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
Lmted States, or under any State, who, having pre-
viously taken an oar.h as a member of Congress, or
iis an officer of the United States, or as ametnber of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State," * * * * shall
have subsequently gone into rebellion," &o.
Now, I want to call the attention of the
lawyers of this body distinctly to the particular
construction of this section of the amendment;
" No person shall be a Senator in Congress, or
hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States." It has been a vexed question
always whether a Senator was an officer of the
United States, whether he could ba impeached
or not; and so, whether a member of a State
Legislature was an officer under the State.
But I take it that question is completely settled
now by this amendment, because the principle
of law is well understood that where a sen-
tence of a constitution or statute contains, like
this, cumulative phrases, the presumption is
that each one was added to include something
not covered by the other. Therefore, when
this amendment, after saying that no person
shall be a Senator, proceeds to say " nor a civil
or military officer under the United States," it
has settled that question, that a Senator is not
an officer in the constitutional sense of the
Ehrase. Upon this subject I wish to refer to
•warns on Statutes, (page 707:)
"It is a safe method of interpreting statutes to
give effect to the particular words of the enacting
clauses; for, when the Legislature in the same sen-
tence uses different words, the courts of law will
presume that they were used in order to express
different ideas. So, if there is a material alteration
in the language used in the different clauses, it is to
be inferred that the Legislature knew how to use
terms applicable to the subject-matter."
Chief Justice Tenterden, in 8 Bamewall
& Creswell's Reports, (page 74,) lays down the
same rule:
"The safest eourse in this ease is to give effect to
the particular words of the enacting clause. Where
the Legislature in the same sentence uses different
words, we must presume that they were used in
order to express different ideas."
I will hurry through, for I see the Senate is
impatient to adjourn. This constitution, then,
draws a distinction between a member of a con-
gress and an officer. Turn now to the recon-
struction acts and see what you provided in
reference to that Legislature and the govern-
ment of Georgia generally. The fourteenth
amendment was not in force, so to speak, in
its own right. Therefore the only inability
is placed by the act of June 25,1868. Let us
see what that is. It provides :
" That the first section of this act shall take effect
as to each State, except Georgia, when such State
shall, by its Legislature, duly ratify article four-
teen of the amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, proposed by the Thirth-Ninth Con-
gress, and as to the State of Georgia when it shall
in addition gire the assent of said State to the fund-
amental condition hereinbefore imposed upon the
same."
That is to be done by the Legislature of the
State. It is to ratify the fourteenth amend-
ment and give its assent to a change in its own
constitution. That being done—or to go back
to the statute—
'And thereupon the officers of each State duly
elected a.nd qualified under the constitution thereof
shall be inaugurated without delay."
Here is the same distinction drawn in this
act that is manifest in the fourteenth article.
Your officer who is to be inaugurated is not a
member of the Legislature, because the Legis-
lature is first to ratify this amendment before
the officers can be inaugurated; but when that
is done, then the officers of the State are to
be inaugurated. Now, to make a long matter
short, what I am inclined to think upon this
whole subject of the ineligibility of these mem-
bers is this: that under that act they were not
disqualified. The fourteenth amendment did
not reach them; that must be conceded; and
this statute, no matter what it was intended
to be, no matter what it ought to have been,
in its proper legal construction only applies
to those officers under the State who are to
be distinguished from the members of the
State Legislature.
Mr. THU KM AN. Mr. President, I wish top
call the attention of my friend from Wisconsin
to another matter which most powerfully
strengthens what he has just said, and that
is that the act to which he has just referred
was passed after all these members of the
Georgia Legislature were elected.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Nevada,
upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I cannot allow the con-
fusion of ideas that has fallen from the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to pass without a little
notice.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator from
Nevada give way for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. STEWART. I am willing to adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless the Senator from
Nevada designs speaking at some length, I
think we might get a vote to day. It is desir-
able to end this matter. I do not know whether
the Senator designs speaking at any length ;
perhaps he will state how that is.
Mr. STEWART. The Senate isgettingthio.
I think we had better adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SAULSBURY. That 13 not a debatable
question, but I was going to suggest 
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 30,1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctleb, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the call of States and Territories, beginning
with the State of Maine, for bills and joint
resolutions to be introduced on leave and re-
ferred to their appropriate committees, and
not to be brought back by motions to recon-
sider. Under this call resolutions and memo-
rials of State and territorial Legislatures are
in order for reference and printing.
EFFICIENCY OP THE CIVIL SERVICE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2877) to secure greater efficiency
and promptness in the discharge of official
duty in the various departments of Govern-
ment ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire that
this bill shall be referred to the Committee
on Reconstruction, and ordered to be printed ;
but before the reference I would like to" have
the bill read.
The SPEAKER. It is customary during
this call to have bills read by their titles only.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The bill is very
short.
The SPEAKER. Itwill require unanimous
consent to have the bill read in full.
Mr. ALLISON. I must object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I know there
would be no objection if gentlemen knew the
nature of the bill.
Mr. ALLISON. I know it must be very
important or my friend from Maine would not
press the request. I therefore withdraw my
objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can the bill be acted on
during the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. During this call bills can
be introduced for reference and printing only.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not see any objec-
tion to its being read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the reading called for?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine calls for the reading of the bill, but it
requires unanimous consent. Does the gen-
tleman object?
Several members objected.
The bill was referred to the Select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and ordered to be
printed.
COCKT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. FERRISS introduced a bill (H. E. No.
28*78) to extend the jurisdiction of the Court
