THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5;
or oijhb^wise. Bus as long this is a j oint
rul5,1 submit that it cannot be suspended by
the action of the Senate alone, and it is in
effect to suspend it if the Senate now proceed
io consider .this or any other bill.
f, I dq not propose to debate the merits of the
J ll jay colleague proposes to take up. It is
one "that involves a very great constitutional
question, and will be thoroughly discussed. I
shall desire for myself probably to be heard
upon it, though not to any very great extent,
but I know that other Senators do intend to
discuss the bill thoroughly, if it is the bill I
understand it to be.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague knows, and
all Senators are probably aware, that the State
of Ohio ceded to the United States, for the
purposes of a hospital, a picce of land in Day-
ton. By a construction that has been put upon
that cession it excludes from voting all the
soldiers who are within the mile square, or
the limits of that hospital, although they may
have been born and always lived in the very
town where the institution is located. But I
will not discuss the merits 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is discuss-
ing the merits of the question, the Chair was
about to suggest to the Senator.
Mr. THUitMAN. I hope I may be per-
mitted to correct my colleague in that respect.
I do not understand that the decision of the
supreme court of Ohio—and, by the way, it was
a unanimous decision, all the judges being
Republicans—denies to any one of those sol-
diers the right to vote, but only requires of
him, as of every other citizen, that lie shall
vote at the proper place. That is the whole of
it. Thesis no disfranchisement in it, nor any-
thing UKe- that. The only question is, whether
persons who are not residents of Montgomery
county at all can become residents of Mont-
gomery county by residing as inmates of a sol-
diers' home, upon a property belonging wholly
to the United States, and over which the Uni-
ted States has exclusive jurisdiction. The only
question was, whether or not this comes within
that provision of the Constitution in regard to
properties of which the United States shall
have aequiied absolute and exclusive juris-
diction.
I do not wish now to argue that question,
however; but, it is so grave a question that 1
hope the bill will not be taken up to-day ; and
I will first interpose the objection that the motion
is out of order. 1 should be willing to- take it
up at any time after the Senate is full, six days
from hence, or in less time than that if the Sen-
ate see tit to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. The question now is
whether the Senate will adhere to a construc-
tion which will prevent them from doing busi-
ness for six days.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from Ohio what he thinks this twenty-
first joint rule does mean if it does not mean
what it seems to say in express words, that
business from one House pending in the other
at the commencement of a second or subse-
quent session of a Congress shall remain in sus-
pense for sis days? It says in express terms
" alter six days trom the commencement of a
second or subsequent session of Congress all
bills," &c., that have passed one House and
remain undetermined in the other shall be
resumed and acted on in the ordinary way.
That seems to be plain on the face of it that
an interval of six days is to occur; and I
suppose the purpose was not to have any bills
passed by what might be called a snap judg-
ment before attention had again been called
to thorn and before either House was full.
While I believe I am entirely in favor of the
bill of my friend from Ohio, I should doubt
very much the wisdom of repealing this rule,
because we might often find ourselves disap-
pointed that a bill which had passed the other
House, and had come hero, and was in its last
stage, and to which attention had not been
called, had slipped through in the mere course
of business without anybody's attention having
been given to it, for which we might be sorry.
I think there is a great deal of sound reason
in the rule requiring a short interval to elapse
at the commencement of a second or subse-
quent session before old business can be
pushed, but during which new business can
be advanced and time will not be lost. At
any rate, we ought to vote with our eyes open
and deliberately, so as to know whether to
stand on this construction or not. I cannot
see what else the rule means than that.
Mr. YATES. I should like to understand
what is the question before the Senate; whether
it is an appeal from the decision of the Chair ;
whether the Chair has made any decision, and
if so, whether it has decided according to the
ruling of the House of Representatives or the
previous ruling of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
answer the Senator from Illinois that the Chair
has decided, in accordance with the previous
ruling of the Senate, that the motion of the
Senator from Ohio is not in order under the
twenty-first joint rule. But the Chair stated
at the same time that a different construction
had been put upon this joint rule by the House
of Representatives. The Senator from Ohio
then desired that the question be submitted to
the Senate, as some time had elapsed since
the previous decisions had been made, and the
Chair submitted that question, as he had a
right to do, to the Senate, to decide whether
they would regard the motion as in order or
not in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
rule read.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not understand that
there was any appeal from the decision of the
Chair. 'J?'
The YJCE PRESIDENT, That is very true;
but the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Siieiwiax] de-
sired to have the question submitted to the
Senate, and, the rules authorizing it to be sub-
mitted, the Chair submits the question, not as
an appeal, but as a question of order for the
Senate to decide.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
rule read by the Secretary, :-o that Senators
may be apprised of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the twenty-first joint rule.
The Secretary read as follows :
"21. After six days irom tho commencement of a
second or subsequent session of Oungres.-, all bills,
resolutions, or reports, which originated in either
House, and a,t the close of tho next preceding session
remained undetermined in cither House, shall toe
resumed and acted on in the sumo manner as if an
adjournment had not taken place."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will also report the first part of the fifty-second
rule of t.be Senate, which seems to bear on this
question, although the two rules might be
reconciled with the decision already made by
the Senate.
The Secretary road as follows:
"52. At the second or any subsequent session of
a Congress tho legislative business of the Senate
which remains undetermined at the close of the next
pieceding session of that Congiesssliati be resumed
and proceeded with in tho same manner as if no
adjournment of tho Senate had taken place."
The VICE PRESIDENT. These are the
two rules that, bear on this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. This fifty-second rule, I
understand, was adopted so as to make our
rule conform practically to the decision of the
House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; there was no inten-
tion on the part of the committee who reported
these rules to bring them into conflict or to
conform them with the action of the House,
for the reason that in the House at its subse-
quent session the same committees continue,
and they are perfectly organized. We are not
yet perfectly organized. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend, to allow a message from the House of
Representatives to bs received.
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Edwakd McPhersojj,
its Clerk, as follows :
Mr. President, I have been directed to in-
form the Senate that a quorum of the House
of Representatives has assembled, and that
the House is now ready to proceed to business.
The House has passed a resolution directing
the appointment of a committee on the part of
the House, to join such committee as may be
appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait
on the President of the United States and in-
form him that a quorum of the two Houses has
assembled, and that Congress is ready to re-
ceive any communication he may be pleased to
make, and lias appointed Mr. Robert C.
Schenck of Ohio, Mr. William B. Allison of
Iowa, and Mr. Clarkson N. Potter of New
Tork, the committee on the part of the House.
TWEXTir-EIRST JOINT RULE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was about to say that
the rule of the Senate last read, which speaks
generally of taking up business at subsequent
sessions, was understood by the Committee on
Rules, as I think it must be by the* Senate, to
be in perfect harmony with the joint rule, over
which, of course, we have no control. One pro-
vides generally for what shall be done at a ses-
sion ; the other provides at what particular
period in the session, when it arrives, a par-
ticular class of business shall be acted upon;
so that both rules stand in harmony.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think the condition of
the Senate at this moment affords the best illus-
tration why this rule should not be repealed,
or rather why the decision that was formerly
pronounced should not be reversed. On look-
ing around me I observe, and I think if others
will look around the Senate they will observe,
that very little attention is being paid to this
matter. I apprehend not one half the Sen-
ators present—and many seats aie vacant—■
understand what the question is that, is about
to be submitted to the Senate. These rules
were adopted years ago ; and this very question
that is presented to the Senate this morning
was discussed and deliberately settled in this
body years ago on an appeal, I think, from
the decision of the Chair. It was decided
then by the Senate, after deliberation, that
business could not be taken up during the first
days of the session until the time provided by
the rule had expired. Now shall we reverse
that decision here this morning, without con-
sideration, without the'attention of Senators
having been called to these rules to see their
bearing? Formerly, it' I understand it cor-
rectly, business did not lie over from session
to session; but now the business at a subse-
quent session of the same Congress occupies
the position it did at the previous adjournment,
and we go on with that. All business, of
course, falls at the end of the Congress, and
some of our business now falls at the end of
the session. For instance, in executive ses-
sion it has always been understood, and I think
the rules so provide, that nominations which
are pending at the close of a session all fall,
and those nominations, if they are to be sub-
sequently considered by the Senate, have to
be renewed. Now, if this ruling of the Senate,
settled years ago, is to be overturned, 1 think
the matter had better go over, aud the Senate
take some time to look into it.
Mr, SHERMAN. I think the Senator front
Illinois forgets that we are acting upon rules
not eight or tenor twenty years old, but we
are acting upon rules that were passed two'
years ago, one of which expressly declares, in
as clear words as can possibly be written in
the English language, that " at the second or
any subsequent session of a Congress the legis-
lative business of tho Senate which remains
undetermined at the close of the next preced-
ing session of that Congress shall be resumed
and proceeded with in-the. same manner as
if no adjournment of t'he -Senate had taken
