Tfiffi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 80,
Mr. NIBLACK. That bill strikes me as
important. I demand its reading.
The bill was read, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed,
resolutions of the indiana legislature.
Mr. SHANKS. I present joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of Indiana, and
ask to have them referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and ordered to be printed.
They are on a subject which is not new to the
House; and I wish to place them on record.
The joint resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Indiana On the subject of the
equalization of bounties to soldiers and sea-
men, and a concurrent resolution of the Legis-
lature of Indiana on the subject of homesteads
to soldiers, were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JULIAN presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Indiana, in favor of home-
steads for soldiers without requiring occupancy
of the same.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. This is a very interesting
document, and I desire that it be read.
The resolution was read, referred to the
(Jommittee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I present a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Indiana, and
a3k that it be read, referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. Is it the same resolution?
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not; it has not been
presented yet.
The resolution was read, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed. It is as follows:
Concurrent resolution, House of Representatives.
Whereas the Congress of the United States has,
from time to time, voted large appropriations of
lands to railroad companies; and whereas there are
good reasons for believing that said corporate bodies
have realized vast sams of money therefrom; and
whereas the continuation of such legislation would
before ions deprive the nation of ranch of the ptfblic
domain; Therefore,
.Be it resolved by the Home. (tbe Senate concur-
ring.) That our Representatives be requested and
our Senators instructed to oppose with their votes
and influence any further donations of the public
lands to any private corporation?.
_ It is hereby certified that the above and foregoing
is a true copy of the original concurrent resolu-
tion passed by the General Assembly tvf the State of
Indiana at the present session thereof.
In witness whereof I have hereunto subscribed
my name and caused the seal of the State to
tL. s.] be affixed, at the city of Indianapolis, this 26th
day of January, 1871.
A4> . CONRAD BAKER.
Attest:
N OHM A N" EDDY, Secretary of Slate.
Mr. VOORHEES. I desire to present a
joint resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Indiana, irx respect to equalizing the bounties
of soldiers and seamen of the United States.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Has not this resolution
ajready been presented ?
Mr. VOORHEES. No, sir, it has not been
presented. It is a resolution to equalize the
bounties of soldiers.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I make the point of
order whether it be the same or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not advised
whether it is the same.
Mr- VOORHEES. It is a good deal more
important than the air line railroad, and you
had better let it be read. It is iji regard to
soldiers.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is so.
The SPEAKER. One of the gentleman's
tolleagues [Mr. Shanks] has presented the
same resolution and had it referred. The
Chair sustains the point of order. The gen-
tleman cannot present duplicates of resolu-
tions of the State Legislature.
Mr. SFOUGHTON. A bill for this very
purpose passed the House at the last session,
and is now pending before the Senate.
The SPEAKER. That is not the point.
The point is, whether the resolution of a State
Legislature which one gentleman has pre-
sented and had referred can be presented by
another gentleman under this call. The Chair
decides that it cannot.
washington canal.
Mr. WILLIAMS introduced a bill (H. R.
No, 2895) for straightening the Washington
canal, and opening the James creels branch ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
banking circulation.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2896) authorizing banking associations
whose circulation may have been limited by
the act approved July 12, 1870, in States in
which the additional circulation authorized by
said act has not yet been taken, to apply for and
receive circulation in excess of the $500,000
limited by said act; which was read a first aud
second time.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that that bill be ,
read in full. j
The bill was accordingly read at length, :
referred to the Committee on Banking and i
Currency, and ordered to be printed, j
jeakuji atkins.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill (H. R. No. •!
2897) for the relief of Jearum Atkins; which jj
was read a first and second time, and referred 'j
to the Committee on Patents. :i
mctoal gas company of the district. \
Mr. COOK also introduced a bill (H. R.. •
No. 2898) to incorporate the Mutual Gas
Company of the District of Columbia ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia. ;
increase op pensions.
Mr. HAY introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2899) 'j
increasing the pensions of certain disabled
soldiers aud sailors: which was read a first ;
and second lime, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
The bill is as follows:
A bill increasing the pensions of certain disabled 1
soldiers and sailore.
Be it enacfedjiy the 'enate and Uoxtse of Representa-
tives of the United Slat en of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the invalid pensions of all officers, sol-
diers, marines, aed sailors, who. -while in the military
or naval service of the United States of America,
and in the line of duty, shall have lost the sight of !
both eyes, or who shall have lost both bands, or botfi '
feet, or one hand and one foot, in the same, or shall '
have been permanently and totally disabled in the
same, or otherwise so permanently and totally dis-
abled in the same as to render them utterly helpless. !!
or so nearly so aa to require the constant personal i
aid and attendance of another person, granted or i
hereafter to be granted by the provisions of general 'i
law, and also the same pensions granted by special ''
law, not in excess of the rate provided by general ■
law for similarcases.be, and the same are hereby, !l
increased by the sum of forty per cent, thereof, to i
commence on the 1st day of March, 1870.
JOHN" W. REIT).
Mr. VAN HORN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2900) for the relief of John W. Reia ; '!
which was read a first and second time, and "
referred to tbe select Committee on Recon- I
struction.
b. a. franks.
Mr. FERRY introduced a bill (H. R. No. ji
2901) ceding certain lands in the village of !
Mackinaw, Michigan, to E. A. Franks; which j
was read a first and second time.
Mr. RANDALL. Let that bill be read at j
length; it proposes to cede land. ji
The bill was read at length, referred to the ii
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered 1
to be printed. ;l
commerce among the states. !
,Mr. McCRARY introduced a bill (H. R. !
No. 2902) to regulate commerce among the i
several States; which was read a first and !
second time.
Mr. ARCHER. Let that bill be read.
The bill was read at length, referred to the i1
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be •
printed. j
wisconsin railroad land grant.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No,
2903) granting lands to aid in the"construc-
tion of a railroad from Benton, in the State of
Wisconsin, to Bayfield, in said State, with a
branch; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lie Lands, and ordered to be printed.
salaries of territorial governors.
Mr. BRADFORD introduced a bill (S. Ii.
No. 2904) regulating the salaries of the Gov-
ernors of the Territories of Colorado, Dakota,
Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming; which was
read a first and Second time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let that
bill be read.
The bill was read at length, referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
survey of lands in colorado.
Mr. BRADFORD also introduced a bill(H.
R. No. 2905) to provide for surveying tbe pub-
lic lands along tbe line of the Kausas Pacific
railroad in the Territory of Colorado; whieh
was read a first and second time.
Mr. ARCHER. Let that bill be read.
The bill was read at length, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed,
new york and washington railroad.
The SPEAKER. The call of the States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions having been completed, the
next business in order during this morning
hour is the call for resolutions, &c., to be pre-
sented for consideration at the present time.
The call rests at the State of New York. The
pending measure is the bill (H. R. No. 2728)
introduced on leave by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Kelsby,] to authorize the
building of a military and postal railway from
Washington, District of Columbia, to the city
of New York. The pending question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Swaxn",] that the bill be laid upon tbe
table.
Mr. ARCHER. Is it in order to call for
the reading of this bill at length?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the bill has
already been once read at this stage.' .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the Honse
now adjourn.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman from
New York [Mr; Kelset] will withdraw this
bill I will withdraw my motion that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. ARCHER. Pending the motion to
adjourn I move that when the House shall
adjourn to-day it be to meet on Wednesday
next.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion by unanimous consent. I am aware
that tlje opposition to this bill 
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot, under
the rule, ask unanimous consent for any pur-
pose during the morning honr of Monday.
Mr. INGER80LL. Then I rise to a question
of order, or rather a parliamentary inauiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will h^ar it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it in order to move
that the rules be suspended and this bill put
upon its passage ?
IheSPEAKER. It will be at the expiration
of the morning hour, which has now eight and
a half minutes longer to run.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I will make that
motion if I can get the floor at the expiration
of that time.
Mr. ARCHER. I withdraw my motion that
when the House adjourns to-day it be to Meet
on Wednesday next.
Tbe question reearred upon the motion <rf
Mr. Eldridge, th#t the House now adjoin.
