1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
every available means of transportation to
abandon the adjacent islands, and seek the
blessings of freedom and its sequence—each
inhabitant receiving the reward of his own
labor. Porto Iiico and Cuba will have to
abolish slavery, as a measure of self-preserva-
tion, to retain their laborers.
San Domingo will become a large consumer
of the products of northern farms and manu-
factories. The cheap rate at which her citizens
canbefurnished with food, tools,and machinery
will make it necessary that contiguous islands
should have the same advantages, iu order to
compete in the production of sugar, coffee,
tobacco, tropical fruits, &c. This will open
to us a still wider market for our products.
The production of our own supply of these
articles will cut off more than one hundred
millions of our annual imports, besides largely
increasing our expoits. With such a picture it
is easy to see li'ow our large debt abroad is ulti-
mately to be extinguished. With a balance of
trade against us (including interest on bonds
held by foreigners, and money spent by our
citizens traveling in foreign lauds) equal to
the entire yield of the precious metals m this
country, it is not so easy to see how this result
is to be otherwise accomplished. The acqui-
sition of Ban Domingo is an adherence to the
" Monroe doctrine it is a measure of national
protection ; it is asserting oar just claim to a
controlling influence over the great commer-
cial traffic soon to flow from west to east, by
way of the Isthmus of Darien ; it is to build
up our merchant marine ; it is to furnish new
markets for the products of our farms, shops,
and manufactories ; it. is to make slavery insup-
portable in Cuba and Porto llico at once, and
ultimately so iu Brazil; it is to settle the uu-
liappy condition of Cuba, and end an exterm-
inating conflict; it is to provide honest means
of paying our honest debts without overtax-
ing the people : it is to furnish our citizens with
the necessaries of every-day life at_ cheaper
rates than ever before ; and it is, in fine, a
rapid stride toward-that greatness which the
intelligence, industry, and enterprise of the
citizens of the United States entitle this coun-
try to assume among nations.
In view of the importance of this question,
I earnestly urge upon Congress early action^
expressive of its views as to the best means ot
acquiring San Domingo. My suggestion is,
that by joint resolution of the two Houses of
Congress, the Executive be authorized to ap-
point a commission to negotiate a treaty with
the authorities of San Domingo for the acqui
sition of that island, and that an appropriation
be made to defray the expenses of such com-
mission. Thequestion may then be determined,
either by the action of the Senate upon the
tieaty, or the joint action of the two Houses of
Congress upon a resolution of annexation, as
in the case of the acquisition ot Texas. So con-
vinced am I of the advantages to flow from the
acquisition of San Domingo, and of the great
disadvantages, I might almost say calamities,
to flow ftoin non acquisition, that 1 believe
the subject has only to be investigated to be
approved.
it is to be regretted that our representations .
in regard to the injurious effects, especially j
upon°Uie revenue of the United States, of the ;
policy of the Mexican Government, in exempt- ,
ing from impost duties a large tract of its j
territory on our borders, have not only oeen ,
fruitless, but that it is even proposed in that |
country to extend the limits within which the j
privilege adverted to has hitherto been enjoyed. ;
The expediency of taking into your serious .
consideration proper measures for countervail-
ing the poiicy referred to will, it is presumed,
your earnest attention. ^ ^ 1
It^is the obvious interest, especially ot j
neighboring nations, to provide against ira ;
nil nit y to those who may have committed high
dimes within their borders, and who may have
sought refuge abroad. For this purpose ex-
tradition treaties have been concluded with
several of the Central American republics, and
others are iu progress.
The sense of Congress is desired, as early as
may be convenient, upon the proceedings of
the commission on claims against Venezuela,
as communicated in my messages of March
l(j, 1869, March 1, 1870, and March 81, 1870.
It has not been deemed advisable to distribute
any of the money which has been received
from that Government until Congress shall
have acted upon the subject.
The massacres of French and Russian res-
idents at Tien-Tsin, under circumstances of
great barbarity, were supposed by some to
have been premeditated, and to indicate a pur-
pose among the populace to exterminate for-
eigners in the Chinese empire. The evidence
fails to establish such a supposition, but shows
a complicity between the local authorities and
the mob. The Government at Pekin, how-
ever, seems to have been disposed to fulfill its
treaty obligations, so far as it was able to do
so. Unfortunately, the news of the war between
the German States and France reached China
soon after the massacre. It would appear that
the popular mind became possessed with the
idea that this contest, extending to Chinese
waters, would neutralize the Christian influ-
ence and power, and that the time was coming
when the superstitious masses might expel all
foreigners and restore mandarin influence.
Anticipating trouble from this cause, 1 invited
France and North Germany to make an author-
ized suspension of hostilities in the East,
(where they were temporarily suspended by
act of the commanders.) and to act together
for the future protection in China of the lives
and properties of Americans and Europeans.
Since the adjournment of Congress the rati-
fications of the treaty with Great Britain for
abolishing the mixed courts for the suppres-
sion of the slave trade have been exchanged.
It is believed that the slave trade is now con-
fined to the eastern coast of Africa, whence the
slaves are taken to Arabian markets.
The ratifications of the naturalization con-
vention between Great Britain and the United
States have also been exchanged during the
recess; and thus along-standing dispute be-
tween the two Governments has been settled
in accordance with the principles always con-
tended for by the United States.
In April last, while engaged in locating a,
military reservation near Pembina, a corps of
engineers discovered that the commonly re-
ceived boundary linebetweenlhe United States
and the British possessions at that, place is
about forty-seven hundredfeetsouth of the true
position of the forty-ninth parallel, and that
the line, when run on what is now supposed to
be the true posirion of that parallel, would
leave the fort of the Hudson Bay Company
at Pembina within the territory of the United
States. This information being communicated
to the British Government, I was requested to
consent, and did consent that the British occu-
pation of the fort of the Hudson Bay Com-
pany should continuefor the present. I deem
it important, however, that this part of the
boundary line should be definitely fixed by a
joint commission ot the two Governments, and
I submit herewith estimates of the expense of
such a commission on the part of the United
States, and recommend that an appropriation
be made for that purpose. The land boundary
has already been fixed and marked from the
summit of the Kocky mountains to the Geor-
gian bay. It should now be, in like manner,
marked from the Lake of the \\ oods to the sum-
mit of the llocky mountains.
I regret to say that no conclusion has been
reached for the adjustment of the claims against
Great Britain, growing out of the course adopted
bv that Government during the rebellion.
The cabinet of London, so far as its views
have been expressed, does not appear to be
willing to concede that her Majesty's Govern-
ment was guilty of any negligence, or did or
permitted any act during the war by which
the United States has just cause of complaint
Our firm and unalterable convictions are
directly the reverse. I therefore recommend
to Congress to authorize the appointment of a
commission to take proof of the amounts, and
the ownership of these several claims, on notice
to the representative of her Majesty at Wash-
ington, and that authority be given for the set-
tlement of these claims by the United States,
so that the Government shall have the owner-
ship of the privateclaims,aswellastherespons-
ible control of all the demands against Great
Britain.
It cannot be necessary to add, that when-
ever her Majesty's Government shall entertain
a desire for a full and friendly adjustment of
these claims, the United States will enter upon
their consideration, with an earnest desire for
a conclusion consistent with the honor and dig-
nity of both nations.
The course pursued by the Canadian authori-
ties toward the fishermen of the United States
during the past season has not been marked
by a friendly feeling. By the first article of the
convention of 1818, between Great Britain
and the United States, it was agreed that the
inhabitants of the United States should have
forever, in common with British subjects, the
right of taking fish in certain waters therein
defined. In the waters not included^ in the
limits named in the convention (within three
miles of parts of the British coast) it has beep
the custom for many years to give to intrud-
ing fishermen of the United States a reason-
able warning of their violation of the technical
rights of Great Britain.
The imperial Government is understood to
, have delegated the whole, or a share of its
i jurisdiction or control of these in-shore fish-
ing-grounds to the colonial authority known
as the Dominion of Canada, and this semi-
independent but irresponsible agent has exer-
cised its delegated powers in an unfriendly
way. Vessels have been seized without notice
or wauling, in violation of the custom pre-
viously prevailing, and have been taken into
the colonial ports, their voyages broken up,
and the vessels condemned. There is reason to
believe that this unfriendly and vexatious treat-
ment was designed to bear harshly upon the
hardy fishermen ot the United States, with a
view to political effect upon this Government.
The statutes of the Dominion of Canada as-
sume a still broader and more untenable juris-
diction over the vessels of the United Slates.
Thev authorize officers or persons to bring
vessels hovering within three marine miles ot
any of the coasts, bays, creeks, or harbors of
Canada, into port,to search the cargo, to exam-
ine the master on oath, touching the cargo and
voyage, and inflict upon him a heavy pecuniary
penalty if true answers are not given; and if
such a vessel is found "preparing to fish"
within three marine miles of any such coasts,
bays, creeks, or harbors, without license, or
after the expiration of the period named in
the last license granted to it, they provide that
the vessel, with her tackle, &c., shall be
forfeited. It is not known that any condemna-
tion have been made underthis statute. Should
the authorities of Canada attempt to enforce
it, it will become my duty to take such steps
as may be necessary to protect the rights of
the citizens of the United States.
It has been claimed by her Majesty's officers
that the fishing vessels of the United States
have no right to enter the open ports of the
British possessions in North America, except
i for the purposes of shelter and repairing dam-
1 ages, of purchasing wood and obtaining water ;
that they have no right to enter at the British
custom-houses, or to trade there except in the
purchase of wood and water: and that they must
depart within twenty-four hours after notice to
leave. It is notknownthatany se.zureof a fash-
ing vessel carryingthe flag of the UnitedStates
has been made underthis claim. So fai as the
cla'm is founded on an alleged construction of
the convention of 1818, it cannot be acquiesced
