834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
although there was a line of mail steamers
running there, going down to the Isthmus and
stopping at San Pedro twice a month, and
obliged to take all the mails they found there.
Yet this required the Postmaster General to
give Mr. Chorpenning extra round by San
Francisco up to Sacramento, and then an
extra allowance for carrying a special mail
over to Carson's Valley, and then to give
him, at the same rate of compensation, pay for
all the mails which fell into his on the line,
over and above what he found in the post
office at Salt Lake when he started, as a part
of the line from Independence to the Pacific.
And then it wound up by saying—
"That from and after the 1st day of July, I860,
down to the termination of his contract, he shall
receive in lieu of the contract. $30,000 per annum"
for all the services. And still further it requires
that all this shall be estimated in the manner
shown by—
"The affidavit? and proofs on file in the House of
Representatives."
No matter what they were; whatever should
be then on tile in the House of Representatives
he should take as the evidence upon which to
make his computation of allowance. Mr. Post-
master General Brown found himself bound
by the peculiar phraseology of this bill which
had been submitted beforehand to distinguished
counsel, and was so drawn as to cover the
case; and in his report to Congress the next
session, in reference to this matter, he uses the
following language:
"The settlement of this claim has not been made
without considerable embarrassment. The act of
Congress was peremptory, to adjust and settle, not
riocnrdmg to the proofs that might be taken before
final action, bit t as shown by the proofs and affidavits
ou iile in the Ilouseof Representatives. Tbesewere
to be the sole guides in the settlement, and neither
the records of the Department nor any contradictory
orrxplanatorytestimony could betaken bytheGov-
ernment to assist in attaining what might be con-
sidered exact justice inthecase."
The surprise which is excited by an arrange-
ment made beforehand to bind a judge by cer-
tain specific papers on file in" the House of
Representatives, I apprehend, will suffer no
diminution when the House is told that pre-
vious to the passage of that resolution an attor-
ney for Chorpenning visited the Post Office
Department and himself assorted the papers
for use here in the House of Representatives.
And it was upon the papers he assorted and
put upon file here that the Postmaster General
was hound by law to make up his award. And,
sir. this attorney left in the Department and
excluded from the consideration of the Post-
master General the request in writing of Chor-
penning that he might be permitted to come
down to San Pedro and go up the coast and
up the river to Sacramento for his own relief,
and another paper in that Department—and
all these papers I have here before me—in
which he set fortIi that to he permitted to take
his mail by Saa Pedro was to relieve him of
requirements and hardships 011 the other line
ef great difficulty and expense to him. But,
sir, thus confined and thus narrowed down,
the Postmaster General of that day allowed in
May. 18-37, to Chorpeuning seventy-nine thou-
sand and odd dollars. He'then set up a claim
that he was to be allowed not only for the
increased distance up the coast and up the
river at the rate of the contract price, but
that he was to be allowed at the rate of the
§30,000 that was added to his contract from
and after the 1st day of July, 1853. Upon
that he applied to the Postmaster General of
that day to reopen the case. He reopened the
case and reaffirmed his decision as to the
construction of the law, and denied him the
$30,000 up the coast upon a mail steamer—for
aught 1 know and upon aught that appears in
the evidence a mail steamer of another line.
He allowed him in addiiion for what was
shown to be the increased weight of the Inde-
pendence mails $20,000 more, making an ag-
gregate allowed by Postmaster General Brown
of §109,000. He allowed a portion of* that on
the strength of papers that were found in the
pocket of a member of Congress, and there-
fore constructively, "on file in the House of
Representatives," [laughter;] some that had
never reached the House of Representatives
at all, but as they were in the pocket of a mem-
ber of Congress they were certainly excluded
from the Post Office Department and con-
structively on the file of the House!
His award, as I have said, was $109,000.
Mr. Chorpenning applied to three several
Postmasters General after that. He applied
to Mr. Blair upon his coming into office, and
Mr. Blair reheard the ease and reaffirmed the
judgment of Mr. Brown upon this question,
and it was upon the point that it was res adju-
dicata. He, however, upon the claim of Chor-
penning that there was a mistake in the cal-
culation as to weight upon the Independence
line, went into a rehearing of that whole mat-
ter, upon which Chorpenning claimed $81,000.
and $81,000 only. He reheard it, and reaf-
firmed upon that point also the judgment
of Mr. Postmaster General Brown. Preced-
ing this, however, there was an application to
Postmaster General Holt, with thesame result;
but Mr. Postmaster General Holt did not go
into a new hearing. Then came Mr. Postmas-
ter General Blair, who went through with a
rehearing of the whole matter. Then came
an application to Mr. Postmaster General Ran-
dall, and Mr. Postmaster General Randall
reheard it, and reaffirmed the judgment of
Mr. Brown as res adjudicata.
Previously to that Mr. Buchanan had been
induced to sign a request, during the last days
of his term, to have it opened. After Mr. Ran-
dall had decided against this matter applica-
tion was made to President Johnson, who
requested Postmaster General Randall to open
and rehear the case. Hedeclined. Againappli-
cation was made to the President, and the
President ordered him to reopen and rehear
the case. Mr. Postmaster General Randall
then took the opinion of the Attorney General,
Mr. Stanbery, who decided n®t only that it
was res adjudicata and could not be opened
by him, but that the President of the United
States had not the power to order him to open
it. Mr. Postmaster General Randall, however,
I am informed, took all these papers that I
have at my desk to the President of the Uni-
ted States, and laid before him the action of
his predecessors and their judgments, and the
President withdrew his order and thanked him
for refusing to open the case.
The case then went to the Court of Claims,
where Chorpenning himself set forth his claim
against the United States to amount to only
$176,000. He was heard in the Court of
Claims, and they decided, first, that they had
no jurisdiction, and secondly upon the merits.
The court says:
"These factsand thisopinion strengthen thoeon-
viction that it was theintention of Congress to com-
mit tbe discretion of settling theclaimant's demands
to an officer peculiarly able to reach a ju<t and in-
telligent conclusion, and possessed of all the knowl-
edge and experience necessary to enable them to be
adjusted according to the established usage of the
Department. It therefore seems to us that the Post-
matter General was invested with an exclusive juris-
diction of the ease, which was necessarily final."
Chorpenning then went to the Committee of|
Claims of this House, where he set forth again
that the indebtedness of the United States
to him was $176,000. I wish the House to
bear in mind this sum. He was heard before
the Committee of Claims, and although 110
report was made by that committee, he under-
stood that the opinion of the committee was
adverse to his claim. He then filed in this
present Congress a new petition, embracing
for the first time a new item, upon which,
although I do not care to connect it witl^ this
discussion, the Postmaster General has allowed
the modest sum of $206,000. But I am follow-
ing his old claim. This claim, which he set
forth to be $176,000, and upon which the Post-
master General has allowed §60,000 more than
his own statement, was referred in this House
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and by that committee, as is the cus-
tom with onr committees, the claim was placed
in the hands of one of their members, and that
was the entire action of that committee upon
the case; tbe committee as a committee never
took any other action upon the claim.
On the 6th day of July—the 15th day of July
having been fixed upon as the last day of that
session—it being apparent that the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was not
likely to act upon the matter, a paper was
taken to the members of the committee in this
House, and by most of them it was signed,
giving the consent of those members that one
member of that committee might submit to
the House a report in that case. That report,
however, was never submitted to the commit-
tee. It was prepared by parties outside, in
advance, so as to be ready to meet any op|>or-
tunity that might arise, if by chance the com-
mittee should have an opportunity to make
the report. As I said, the committee were
not able to make the report.
The member of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads having this matter in
charge has not had an opportunity to this day
to bring this matter before this House. Never-
theless, a member of this House, interested in
behalf of one of his constituents, as many of
us are, and solicitous in his behalf, believing
in good faith, I have no doubt, that it was a
just claim; that member interested himself
in the manner I have indicated, and got that
resolution through on the last day of the ses-
sion.
1 am reminded by one of my colleagues on
the Committee on Appropriations, the gentle-
man from California. [Mr. Sargent, J of a f ct
which I will here state; that upon Mr. Cres-
well coming into office as Postmaster General
application was made to him to reopen this
case, and he rejected the application, giving
an elaborate opinion upon it. So that Post-
masters General Holt, Blair, Randall, and
Creswell, all of them, have regarded this
claim a3 settled and forever disposed of by
Postmaster General Brown.
Then came the joint resolution passed on
the last day of the last session of Congress,
without anybody in this House knowing what
it was or what it covered. The resolution was
passed through this House without anything
being put upon the record as liie basis of that
resolution.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, if the gentle-
man will allow me 
Mr. DAWES. I see my friend from New
York [Mr. Ward] rising in his place; and that
reminds me that on that occasion, as often
before, he vainly objected, and struggled with-
out avail to get even tbe yeas and nays upon
the passage of the joint resolution.
That joint resolution passed the House not
only as printed in the laws, but having attached
to it this remarkable clause, which was stricken
out by the Senate. After providing for an ap-
peal to the Court of Claims, the clause enacted
that any paper, no matter what it was, the Star,
or the Chronicle, or whatnot, before the Post-
master General, should be taken and received
as evidence in the Court of Claims.
Now, what has been done under that resolu-
tion of the 15th of July last? Mr. Postmaster
General Creswell, considering himself bound
by the phraseology of that resolution of Con-
gress, in the first place allowed Mr. Chorpen-
ning additional compensation for service up
the coast to San Francisco, frcpn San Fran-
cisco to Sacramento, and from Sacramento
over to Carson's Valley, which service was
prescribed at the request of Mr. Chorpenning
himself; additional compensation at the rate
of §30,000 a year for the original distance.
M r. Postmaster General Creswell, at the end
of fifteen years, then reviewed the evidence
upon wliie!) Mr. Postmaster General Brown
had given extra compensation for extra weight
?f mails, notwithstanding Chorpenning bad
