10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
nois of alternate sections of public land within
certain limits of the Illinois Central railway.
Fourteen States and sundry corporations have
received similar subsidies in connection with
railways completed or in process of construc-
tion, As the reserved sections are rated at
the double minimum, the sale of them at the
enhanced price has thus, in many instances,
indemnified theTreasury for the granted lands.
The construction of some of these thorough-
fares has undoubtedly given a vigorous im-
pulse to the development of our resources and
the settlement of the more distant portions of
the country. It may, however, be well insisted
that much of our legislation in this regard has
been characterized by indiscriminate and pro-
fuse liberality. The United States should not
loan theii creditiu aid of any enterprise under-
taken by States or corporations, nor grant
lands in any instance, unless the projected
work is of acknowledged national importance.
I am strongly inclined to the opinion that it is
inexpedient and unnecessary to bestow sub-
sidies of either description ; but should Con-
gress determine otherwise, I earnestly recom-
mend that the rights of settlers and of the
public be more effectually secured and pro-
tected by appropriate legislation.
During the year ending September 30,1870,
there were filed in the Patent Office 19,411
applications for patents, 3,374 caveats, and
100 applications for the extension of patents ;
13.622 patents, includingreissues and designs,
were issued, 110 extended, and 1,0S9 allowed,
but not issued by reason of the non-payment
of the final fees. The receipts of the office
during the fiscal year were $130,304 29 in
excess of its expenditures.
The work of the Census Bureau has been
energetically prosecuted. The preliminary
report, containing much information of special
value and interest, will be ready for delivery
during the present session. The remaining
volumes will be completed with all the dis-
patch consistent with perfect accuracy in ar-
ranging and classifying the returns. We shall
thus at no distant day be furnished with an
authentic record of our condition and resources.
It will, I doubt not, attest the growing pros-
perity of the country, although, durmg the
decade which has justclosed, it was so severely-
tried by the great war waged to maintain its
integrity and to secure and perpetuate our
free institutions.
During the last fiscal year the sum paid to
pensioners, including the cost of disbursement,
was §27,780,811 11, and 1,758 bounty land
warrants were issued. At its close 198,086
names were on the pension-rolls.
l'he labors of the Pension Office have been
directed to the severe scrutiny of the evidence
submitted in favor of new claims, and to the
discovery of fictitious claims which have been
heretofore allowed. The appropriation for
the employment of special agents for the in-
vestigation of frauds has been judiciously
used, and the results obtained have been of
unquestionable benefit to the service.
The subjects of education and agriculture
are of great interest to the success of our
republican institutions, happiness, and grand-
eur as a nation. In the interest of one a
bureau has been established in the Interior
Department, the Bureau of Education, and in
the interest of the other a separate Depart-
ment, that of Agriculture. I believe great
general good is to flow from the operations of
both these bureaus, if properly fostered. I
cannot commend to your careful consideration
too highly the reports of the Commissioners
of Education and of Agriculture, nor urge too
strongly such liberal legislation as to secure
their efficiency.
In conclusion, I would sum up the policy of
the Administration to be a thorough enforce-
ment of every law ; a faithful collection of every
tax provided for ; economy in the disburse-
ment of the same : a prompt payment of every
debt of the nation ; a reduction of taxes as
rapidly as the requirements of the country will
admit; reductions of taxation and tariff, to be
so arranged as to afford the greatest relief to
the greatest number ; honest aud fair dealings
with all other peoples, to the end that war, with
all its blighting consequences, may be avoided,
but without surrendering any right or obliga- ]
tion due to us; a reform in the treatment of j
Indians, and in the whole civil service of the I
country; and, finally, in securing a pure, un- j
trammeled ballot, where every man entitled to j
cast a vote may do so just once, at each elec-
tion, without fear of molestation or proscrip-
tion on account of his political faith, nativity,
or color- U. S. GRANT.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I move
that the message be laid upon the table and
printed.
The motion was agraed to.
FINANCE KKPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the annual report of the Secretary of
the Treasury on the state of the finances;
which, on motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, was
ordered to lie on the table aud be printed.
heirs of jethro wood.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Secretary be
directed to request the House of Representa-
tives to return to the Senate House bill No.
2301, for the relief of the heirs of Jetbro
Wood, the inventor of the modern plow, with
a view of submitting a motion to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Indiana, if
there be no objection to its present consider-
ation.
The motion was agreed to.
protection of germans in france.
Mr. FENTON. I suppose the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts will no longer
have any objection to the adoption of the res-
olution offered by me this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly not.
Mr. FENTON. I ask that the resolution
which I had the honor to offer this morning
may now be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution? The Chair hears none.
The resolution was considered, and agreed
to, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate, so far as it may not be in-
compatible with the public interest, all the corre-
spondence between the minister of the United States
at Paris and the Secretary of State, from the break-
ing out of the war between France and Prussia, so
far as the same relates to political subjects and to
matters connected with the said war, as well as to
the question of the protection of the subjects of the
North German Confederation in France, with which
the legation of the United States at Paris has been
charged.
Mr. RAMSEY". I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at two o'clock
and thirty-three minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Moxday, December 5, 1870.
Iu conformity to the Constitution, the Forty-
i First Congress of the United States of Amer-
■ ica convened this day in its third session. At
twelve o'clock m., Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives, a
member from the State of Maine, called the
House to order.
Rev. J. G. Butler, the Chaplain, offered
up prayer in these words:
Great God, our King, our Father, our re-
deeming Lord, we come reverently into Thy
presence, and acknowledge Thee our preserver
and our benefactor, and render thanks for the
kind providence that brings us again together
in health and in peace. We bless Thee for all
Thy goodness to us as a nation, surrounded
bv the tossings and strifes and blood of con-
tending armies ; and pray, oh Thou Prince oi
Peace, that Thou wouldst ever reign in out
hearts and in our land.
Endow richly with Thy grace Thy servant,
the President of the United Stales, and all
associated with him in council.
Bless these Thy servants, weprayThee, in tlieii
persons and in their families, and gratu that in
our relations to each other we may ever be
clothed with the truth and purity ami nobility
and charity of a Christian manhood. Give them
wisdom and grace, O God, to direct them in
the legislation of this session, that the best in-
terests of all the people may be promoted, and
that Thy glory may be advanced. Help in the
discharge of every duty, that we may meet it
in Thy fear aud in view of the account we shall
render unto God. Sanctify unto us the visita-
tions of death during our separation from ench
other, and comfort those whoare bereft. Guide
us ever by Thy counsel; grant us Thy grace and
Thy peace day by day. Enter not into judg-
ment with us for our sins, but blot them irom
the book of Thy remembrance, and bless us with
Thy love aud Thy favor, for the bake of Ilim
who hath taught us thus to pray :
Our Father which art in heaven, lnillowed
be Thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will
be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us
this day our daily bread, and forgive us our
trespasses as we forgive those who trespass
against us ; snd lead us not into temptation,
but deliver us from evil. For Thine is the king-
dom and the power and the glory, forever.
Amen.
call of the koll.
The Clerk then called the roll, and the follow-
ing-named Members and Delegates answered
to their names:
MAINE.
John Lynch, Eugene It.tie.
James O. Blaine,
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Aaron l'\ Stevens, Jacob Benton.
! VERMONT.
| Charle-j W. Willard. Worihiiigion C. Smith,
j Luke P. Poland,
; MASSACHUSETTS.
James Buffinton, George M. Brooks.
Gin cry Twichell, George I1. Hoar,
■Samuel Hooper, William B. Washburn,
Benjamin F. Butler, IletnyL. Dawes.
Nathaniel P. Banks,
RHODE ISLAND.
Thomas A. Jenckes. Nathan F.Dixon.
CONNECTICUT.
Julius L. Strong, Henry II. Starkweather.
Stephen W. Kellogg, William H. Barnum.
NEW
Henry A. Reeve?,
John G. Schumaker,
Henry W. Slocuni,
John Fox,
John Morrissey,
Samuel S. Cox,
James Brooks,
Fernando Wood,
Clarkson N. Potter,
John H. Ketcham,
John A. Griswold,
YORK.
Adulphus II. Tanner,
Orango Ferries,
Stephen Sanford,
Chailes Knripp,
Addison H. Laflin,
John 0 Churchill,
Dennis McCarthy,
George W. Cnwles,
William II. Ivelsey,
David S. Bennett,
Porter Sheldon.
John T. Bird,
NEW JERSEY.
Jolm Hill.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Samuel J. Randall, John I!. Packer,
Charles O'Neill, Richard J. Haideman,
Leonard Myers, John Cessna,
William D. Kelley, Daniel J/Morrcll,
Caleb N. Taylor, William II. Armstrong
John D. Stiles. Glenni W. ScofieM,
Washington Townscnd, Calvin W. (iilfillan,
J. Lawrence Getz, John Covode,
Oliver J. Dickey, James S.Negley,
Henry L. Cake, D.trvria Pii"lp-',
George W. Woodward, Joseph 13. Doulej",
Ulysses Mcrcur,
DELAWARE.
Benjamin T. Bitfgs.
MARYLAND.
Stevenson Archer, Patnelc Ilamill,
Thomas Swann. Frederick Stone.
