1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
debate it passed through the House. It passed
the Senate the same evening in the same way,
with an amendment striking out a very obnox-
ious feature, and that amendment was con-
curred in by the House the same evening. _ It
was signed by the President the next morning.
It had passed both Houses in less than nine
hours after it was introduced here, and was
sigi.ed by the President within eighteen hours
of the time the House first saw it.
I maintain that the Postmaster General
was negligent in not looking at the Globe to
see what was the actio* of Congress when a
claim of this magnitude came before him under
such extraordinary circumstances. Had he
done so it would have shown him that the
statement in the brief of the counsel was not
sustained by the facts, that the paper therein
paraded was not a report from a committee.
He bases his whole action upon a report of a
committee which had no existence as such,
which never was seen by anybody except the
writer—who wrote it I do not know—and of
course was not approyedby the committee. I
say again it was great negligence, and I say
the fact that he strained everything up to the
highest point and allowed $205,000 upon a
claim when the whole mail service, if it had
been performed, only amounted to $268,000—
saying that four fifths of it was clear profit—was
a stretch of authority and of conclusion which
he was not warranted to arrive at by the facts
or the law. The whole mischief arose J'rom
his allowing his old friend and former partner
to persuade him to overturn the decisions of
all the preceding Postmasters General, all the
reports of the Department, and the decision
ot the Court of claims, so that counsel might
get large fees.
It was for that reason, and to prevent, if pos-
sible, a continuance of this state of things, that
I introduced a bill to-day and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary preventing any
officer of any Department of the Government
from practicing law, or urging claims before
any of the Departments with which they have
been connected, for five years after they retired
from office. That bill carries out the recom-
mendation of Secretary Bontwell in his last
annual report, and is the same as a bill which
the House passed unanimously two years ago
for the same purpose, but which was stifled in
the Senate. It will prevent men from going
into office in the employment of the Govern-
ment and there obtain information by which
they can make money outside, and then resign-
ing their offices to prosecute claims against
the Government. Congress will fail in its
duty to the country if it does not pass and
enforce that bill or one substantially like it.
The chairman of the committee has stated
the facts so fully, I merely desired, after indors-
ing his conclusions as to the case before us, to
impress upon the House the necessity of ex
acting from our high officials the utmost vigil-
ance and good faith and of breaking up the
pernicious practice of allowing favored offi-
cials and ex-officials from abusing their posi-
tion For the purpose of private gain, as they
are doing at the expense of the people of the
country to a frightful extent in all the Depart-
ments of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. One word more 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 want one minute.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ebject
to further debate. Let us take some day, not
Monday, when this matter can be argued out.
It never ought to have been brought forward
here to-day.
Mr. DAWES. I will make one more effort.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to any more debate on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
condition of business before the House. A mo-
tion to saspend the rules, submitted by the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilson,] came
over irons Monday last, and was the first busi-
ness in order at the close of the morning hour
to-day. When that motion came up the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] asked
and obtained unanimous consent to introduce a
joint resolution, and also to address the House
upon it. At the end of his hour the hammer
fell and ofcourse it would require an equal unan-
imous consent of the House, pending the
motion to suspend the rules, to allow any other
gentleman to address the House at this time.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
make a report from the Committee on Appro-
priations. And I .now desire only to say, in
answer to what has been said by my colleague
on the Committee on Appropriations, the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] that we
are not in a position where we can very well
censure the Postmaster General, for we brought
all this upon him ourselves by our inconsiderate
legislation here.
The gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Hill,]
whose name has been mentioned in this debate,
and who was a member of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, desires to say a
word in his own vindication and that of his
associates on the committee. I think my col-
league [Mr. Butler] will not object to that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do
object, and for this reason: this debate has
been injected into the other business of the
House 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is any debate now
in order?
The SPEAKER. No debate is now in order
except by unanimous consent. A motion to
suspend the rules is now pending, and pend-
ing that motion no other business can be con-
sidered except by unanimous consent. The
House has granted unanimous consent to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Dawes] to report the joint resolution
which is now before the House. The House
also gave its unanimous consent to the gentle-
man to address the £^ouse on the subject of the
joint resolution, which he has done. No other
remarks are now in order upon this joint reso-
lution except by unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to be allowed to make a single remark;
and also that my colleague on the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Hill,] be allowed
to make a brief statement.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. DAWES. If my colleague [Mr. But-
ler] objects I will call the previous question
on this joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my objection to allowing the gentleman
from New J ersey [Mr. Hill] to make his state-
ment.
No further objection was made.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, the papers con-
nected with this case were referred to me m
Post Office Committee. I called on the Post-
master General for information in relation to
them, and ascertained from him that these
were unsettled claims, and he thought there
was some money due upon the contracts un-
settled and unpaid, but lie could not-state how
much. I called for the papers in the case,
copies of which were sent to me with an abstract
of them. On this statement the report and
facts in the case were based and prepared, but
so late in the session that I was unable to
submit it to the committee, no committee
meeting being held. Most of the members of
the committee signed an agreement that 1
might report on the facts to the House, leaving
the Postmaster General to investigate the
matter aud do justice to all parties. Shortly
afterward I went home, and never reported it,
and here dismissed the case, and I think so
informed the gentleman who had charge ot
the bill. Afterward he offered a resolution,
which was passed, as the records show, with-
out debate or any reference to the action of
the Post Office Committee. When the mat-
ter was pending in llie Senate, if my memory
serves me right, a messenger came for the
papers in the case, and I gave him all I had,
and had not heard anything more in regard to
it until now. I never supposed, nor do I think
any member of the committee ever supposed
any considerable sum was due the parties;
but under the impression from representations
made that a small balance only was due, all
having implicit confidence in the Postmaster
General to investigate the ease, they felt that
they could safely leave it with him, the com-
mittee having no other desire of' intention
than to have done what was right and just in
the case. '
I hope the rescinding resolution will prevail,
not because I am sure that nothing is due, but
in order that a more thorough investigation
may be made than was possible at the time
the case was under consideration during the
closing days of the session.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question. Who wrote the report which
was printed, and purported to be the report of
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Hill?]
Mr. HILL. That report, 1 suppose, was
written by Mr. Cesssa, who had charge of the
bill.
Mr. DAWES. I now call for a vote.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion wa3 agreed to.
message fk03i the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmp-
sox, one of its clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed, without amendment, a
joint resolution aqd bill of the House of the
following titles:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 337) for the
relief of Captain William O. Sides; and
A bill (H. R. No. 666) to authorize the
removal of the custom-house from St. Marks
to Cedar Keys, Florida.
The message further announced that tne
Senate had passed joint resolutions and bills
of the House of the following titles; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 202) referring
the claim of Isaac W. Ingersoll and Joseph
Granger, for damages under a contract for
building a marine hospital at Detroit, Michi-
gan, to the Court of Claims ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 286) to close
the accounts of R. E. De Russy, late colonel
corps of engineers; ,.
A bill (S. No. 1243) for the relief of Albert
W. Gray; and
A bill (S. No. 1272) correcting an error m
the passage of an act entitled * 'An act for the
relief of the officers and crew of the ship highi-
ingale," approved June 1, 1870. •
The message further announced that_ the
Senate agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments of the House
to the bill (S. No. 849) to authorize the sa'e
of certain lands reserved for the-use ot tne
Menomonee tribe of Indians in Ue State ot
Wisconsin.
improvement of 'i'bb mississippi.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I must nqw insist upon
the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order liaving
been demanded, the House resumes the con-
sideration of the motion of the gentleman from
Minnesota, [Mr. Wilson,] made on Monday
last, that the rules of the House De so sus-
pended as to allow the Committee on the Pub-
