1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I have prepared a
resolution which I presume will meet the views
of the chairman of the Committee on the Terri-
tories, and also of the gentlemen who objected
to the previous resolution. I move the follow-
ing resolution :
Unsolved, That the rules and orders of this House
be so suspended that Saturday, the 4th day of Feb-
iuaiy,lS71, after half past one o'clock, be assigned
to tho consideration of bills from the Committee on
t'Ej '.territories, exeept bills for the admission of any
Territory as a State of tho Union.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to add "and in
lieu of any morning hour to which that com-
mute may be entitled.",
Mr. CaVANAUGH. I am willing to accept
that.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
st. jiary's falls canal.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to make a privileged
report, i am instructed by the Committee on
Appropriations to report back the bill (S. No.
12-37) making a temporary appropriation for
the prosecution of the work upon the improve-
ment of the St. Mary's Palls canal and St.
Mary's river, Michigan, and to ask that it be
put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It proposes to appro-
priate, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be expended under
the direction and superintendence of the Sec-
retary of War, for the purpose of continuing
the prosecution of the work upon the improve-
ment of St. Mary's Falls canal and St. Mary's
river, the sum of $100,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The question
might be asked as to this bill also, whether
it is constitutional. It is an appropriation bill
originating in the Senate.
Mr. BEAMAN. It is not a revenue bill. I
see no objection to a bill of this kind origin-
ating in the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There never
was ageneral appropriation billthat originated
in the Senate and became a law.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed j and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I ask that the letter of the
Secretary of War asking this appropriation,
with the accompanying communications, be
printed in the Globe.
There was no objection ; and it was so
ordered. The letter and accompanying com-
munications are as follows:
War Departhkxt, January 27,1871.
The Secretary of War has the honor to submit to
the House of Representatives, and to recommend
to their imuicdiato consideration, the accompanying
communications from the engineer officer in charge
of the improvement of the St. Mary s tails canal,
Michigan, exhibiting the necessity of an immediate
appropriation of $100,000 to continue tho work with-
out delay. william W. belknap,
Secretary of War.
Detroit, Michigan, January 16,1871.
Sir : The progress now being made with the exca-
vation requited in enlarging ami improving the fat.
Mary's Falls cannl indicates its completion befoie
the middle of February so far as the funds now avail-
able warrant us hi cairying it oh. The entire force
of workmen will then be leftwithoutemploymentm
this isolated place,and the lull benehtot their labor
will be lost upon the work of improvement, where
every hour is of importance. What can be done
now ought to b© done, and by that much advance
the progress of th« improvement, .
I desire, therefore* very respectfully to suggest that
application he made at once for a further appiopn-
ation of $100,000, available for expenditure during
the reunnnder of the present fiscal year. W ith this
amount I think we may be able to advance the work
to such an extent that we may hereafter carry it on
without interrupting navigation, an object ot tlie
very greatest importance. .
It is now evident that the present appropriation
will not be suMcient to accomplish all wo eontern-
elated for this winter's work, and which, at the tune
the project was prepared, was doomed to be abso-
lutely essential. The removal ot the guard-gates
will have to *be postponed, at great inconvenience
and a considerable ultimate increase of cost, and it
is possible we may have to omit some of the revet-
ment in order not to exceed the amount appropri-
ated. These portions of the work must be done. To
omit them this winter is to throw them into another
season's work. It would be very unwise to do so,
and would not diminish the amount to be eventually
appropriated. On the contrary, it would probably
increase it.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. M. POE,
Major of Engineers.
Brigadier General A. A. Humphreys.
Chief of Engineers, U. S. A.
Office Chief of Engineers,
Washington, January 26,1871.
Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.
The views and recommendations of Major Poe are
concurred in.
A. A. HUMPHREYS,
Brigadier General and Chief of Engineer«.
Detroit, Michigan, January 20, 1871.
Sir: From reports just received from the St.
Mary's Falls canal, dated as late as January 4, it
appears that the excavation below the coffer-dam
will he completed, in all probability, as early as the
1st February. I have, therefore, very respectfully,
to urge an immediate appropriation of $100,000 to
continue the work, as suggested in my letter of the
16th instant.
The action of Congress is the ease of the Louisville
and Des Moines Rapids canals leads me to hope that
there will be no delay.
It is not intended that this appropriation shall be
in addition to the whole estimate, but only form a
part of that.
It is nowrendered certain thatwe can get no stone
from the excavation suitable lor use in building the
revetting wall.
1 am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
O. M. POE,
Major of Engineer*.
Brigadier General A. A. Humphreys,
Chief of Engineers.
Office Chief of Engineers,
Washington, January 26,1871. {
Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.
The views and recommendations of Major Poe are ,
concurred in.
A. A. HUMPHREYS, !
Brigadier General and Chief of Engineers.
naval appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fiom
Texas [Mr. Degexer] has been recognized by
the Chair to move a suspension of the rules.
But the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn] desires the House to decJare certain sec-
tions in order when the naval appropriation
bill, on which the geutlemau from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] has reserved points of order,
shall be in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
merely to say that there are two sections which
it is desirable shall not be ruled out of order
when the naval appropriation bill is under
consideration.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a point of order.
How does this come before the House when
the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Degexer] has
the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the
impression that the motion of the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Washburn] would lead
to no discussion. If it leads to discussion the
Chair would recognize the right of the gentle-
man from Texas, [Mr. Degener.]
Mr. WASHBUliN, of Wisconsin. I move
that the rules be suspended, so that when the
House shall resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the bill (H. K. No. 2789) making
appropriaticms for the naval service for the
year ending June 80? 1872, &c., the following
sections, which laend to the Clerk's desk, and
to which I think there will be no objection,
will be in order.
The Cierk read as follows:
Sec. —. And beit further enacted. That no chief of
a bureau shall make any contract for supplies forthe
Navy, to be executed in a foreign country, except it
be on first advertising for at least thirty days in two
daily newspapers of the city of New York, inviting
sealed bids lor furnishing thesuppltesdesired, which
bids shall be opened in the presence of the beoretary
ofthe Navyand the heads of two bureaus: and con-
tracts shall in all cases be awarded to the lowest
bidder; andpaymasteisforthe Navy on foreign sta-
tions shall render, with their accounts for settle-
ment, an official certificate from the resident consul,
commercial or consular agent of the United Mates,
if there be one, to be furnished gratuitously, vouch-
ing that all purchases and expenditures made by
said paymasters were made at the rulins market
prices of the port or place at the time of purchase or
expenditure.
Sec. —. And he it further enacted. That tho Presi-
dent be, and he is hereby, authorized to accept tho
resignation of uny oflieer in the £Javy until the
number of officers in the grade to which such officer
shall belong is reduced to the numberauthorized by
law, whose resignation shall take cffect on or before
the 1st day ot January next; and any officer so
resigning shall be entitled to one year's sea pay in
addition to the pay due such officer at the date when
his resignation shall take effect: Provided, Thattiis
act fchall not apply when the number of officers shall
be reduced to the number now allowed by law.
Mr. ARCHER. I hope the rules will not
be suspended for that purpose.
The question was put ou the motion of Mr.
Washburn, of Wisconsin ; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the motion was agreed to.
TEXAS FKONTLElt.
Mr. DEGENER. I now move to suspend
the rules, to bring to the consideration of the
House the amendment, in the nature of a sub-
stitute, which was reported by the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to the bill (H. R. No. 2G90)
for the better protection of the frontiers of
Texas.
The bill was read, as follows;
A bill for the better protection of the frontiers of
Texas.
Whereas the troops at the disposal of the general
commanding the district of Texas are entirely in-
adequate to the imperative duty of protecting the
frontier settlements against the Indians; und whereas
the frontier posts are too far apart, and the cavalry
force unable to guard off and pursue the maraud-
ers of the Kickapoo, Comanche, Lipans, and other
wild tribes of Indians: and whereas murder and
depredations by these tribes are of almost daily
occurrence: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the titnate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America irt Congress assem-
bled, That the general commanding the military
department of Texas be authorized to organize in
such counties as aie exposed to Indian depreda-
tions, and call into the service of the United States,
detachments of mounted men not exceeding thirty
privates and non-commissioned officers and one lieu-
tenant to each county: Provided, That the entire
force shall not exceed the aggregate number of one
thousand.
Sec. t. And he it further enacted, That said com-
panies shall provide their horses, equipments, and
provisions at their own expense; that they shall be
ready to turn out at all tunes whenever their ser-
vices may be needed; and that tbey shall not be
required to serve beyond their own or the adjoining
counties, except uuder the special order of the gen-
eral commanding.
Src. 3. be it farther enacted, That said com-
panies shall be recruited from the residents of the
respective counties only; that they shall be able-
bodied men between sixteen and forty-five years of
age, who shall receive as full compensation for each
day of actual service $1 25 191- each private, §1 50 for
each non-commissioned officer, and $2 50 for the
lieutenant, and shall bo paid by the quartermasters
at the several military posts, at the end of every
month, under sueh regulations as the Secretary ot
War may prescribe.
Skc 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
S100.U00 be, and is hereby, appropriated ouc.of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to pay said troops for their services, supplies, and
equipments furnished, at the rate hereinbefore
11 Sec^S. And be U further enacted, That a telegraph
line be built to connect the frontier posts in said dis-
trict, and from a suitable place with headquarters
of the'eommanding general, and that the sum of
§70,000, or so much thereof as may be needed, be, and
is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not other tvise appro -riated, to berexpeuded
under the direction of the Secretary ot War, for the
erection of said telegraph line or lines: Provided.
That no liability on the part of theUuited States
shall be incurred for said telegraph line or lines
exceeding said sum of $70,000.
Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That the sum ot
$50.U00 be, and the same is nereby. appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, as an additional sum to the appropriation
already made, to carry out negotiations for the
removal of the Kickapoo andother American Indian
tiibes now resident in Mexico to reservations within
the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. The purpose of that last
section is already provided for.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is it proposed to sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill?
Mr. DEGENlS.fi.. Allow me to make a
short explanation, I have promised to give
all gentlemen who are opposed to thv bill an
opportunity to be heard. I do not intend to
