1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
the message of the President will be read.
The Chair hears no objection.
The Clerk read the message, as follows:
To the Senate
and House of Representatives:
A year of peace and general prosperity to
this nation haspassed since the last assembling
of Congress. We have, through a kind Provi-
dence, been blessed with abundant crops, and
have been spared from complications and war
with foreign nations. In our midst comparative
harmony has been restored. It is to be regret-
ted, however, that a free exercise of the elect-
ive franchise has, by violence and intimidation,
been denied to citizens, in exceptional cases,
in several of the States lately in rebellion, and
the verdict of the people has thereby been re-
versed. The States of Virginia, Mississippi,
and Texas have been restored to representation
in our national councils. Georgia, the only
State now without representation, may confi-
dently be expected to take her place there also
at (he beginning of the new year; and then, let
us hope, will be completed the work of recon-
struction. With an acquiescence on the part
of the whole people in the national obligation
to pay the public debt, created as the price of
our Union ; the pensions to our disabled soldiers
and sailors, and their widows and orphans ; and
in the changes to the Constitution which have
been made necessary by a great, rebellion, there
is no reason why we should not advance in mate-
riEfl prosperity and happiness as no other nation
ever did after so protracted and devastating
a war.
Soon after the, existing war broke out in
Europe the protection of the United States
minister in Paris was invoked in favor of North
Germans domiciled in French territory. In-
structions were issued to grant the protection.
This has been ioliowed by an extension of
American protection to citizens of Saxony.
ITesse, and Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, Colombia,
Portugal, Uruguay, the Dominican republic,
Ecuador, Chili. Paraguay and Venezuela, in
Paris. The charge was an onerous one. re
quiring constant and severe labor, as well as
the exercise of patience, prudence, and good
judgment. It has been performed to the entire
satisfaction of this Government, and, as I am
officially informed, equally so to the satisfac-
tion of the Government of North Germany.
As soon as 1 learned that a republic had
been proclaimed in Paris, and that the people
of France had acquiesced in the change, the
minister of the United States was directed by
telegraph to recognize it, and to tender my
congratulations and those of the people of the
United States. The reestablishmentin France
of a system of government disconnected with
the dynastic traditions of Europe appeared to I
be a proper subject for the felicitations of
Americans. Should the present struggle re-
sult in attaching the hearts ol tho French to
our simpler forms of representative govern-
ment it will he a subject of still further satis-
faction to oar people. While we make no
effort to impose our institutions upon the
inhabitants of other countries, and while we
adhere to our traditional neutrality in^ civil
contests elsewhere, we cannot be indilierent
to the spread of American political ideas in a
great and highly civilized country like France.
We were asked by the new Government
to use our good offices jointly with those of
European Powers, in the interests ot peace.
Answer was made that (he established policy
and the true interests of the United States for-
bade them to interfere in European questions
jointly with European Powers. I ascertained,
informally and unollicially. that the Govern-
ment, of North Germany was not then di-posed
to listen to such representations from any
Powers, and though earnestly wishing to see
the blessings ot peace restored to the belliger-
ents, with ail of whom the United States are
on terms of friendship, I declined, on the part
of this Government, to take a step which couid
only result in injury to our true interests with-
out advancing the object for which our inter-
vention was invoked. Should the time come
when the actionof the United States can hasten
the return of peace by a single hour that action
will be heartily taken.
I deemed it prudent, in view of the number
of persons of German and French birth living
in the United States, to issue, soon after official
notice of a state of war had been received from
both belligerents, a proclamation defining the
duties of the United States as a neutral, and
the obligations of persons residing within their
territory to observe their laws and the laws
of nations. This proclamation was followed
by others, as circumstances seemed to call
for them. The people, thus acquainted in
advance of their duties and obligations, have
assisted in preventing violations of the neu-
trality of the United States.
It is not understood that the condition of the
insurrection in Cuba has materially changed
since the close of the last session of Congress.
In an early stage of the contest the authori-
ties of Spain inaugurated a system of arbitrary
arrests, of close confinement, and of military
trial, and execution of persons suspected of
complicity with the insurgents, and of sum-
mary embargo of their properties, and se-
questration of their revenues by executive
warrant. Such proceedings, so 1'ar as they
.affected the persons or property of citizens
of the United States, were in violation of the
provisions of the treaty of 1795, between the
United States and Spam. Representations of
injuries resulting to several persons claimingto
be citizens of the United States, by reason of
such violations, were made to the Spanish
Government. From Apiil, 1809, to June last,
the Spanish minister at Washington had been
clothed with a limited power to aid in redress-
ing such wrongs. That power was found to be
withdrawn, "in view," as it was said, "of the
favorable situation in which the island of Cuba''
then "was;'' which, however, did not lead to
a revocation or suspension of the extraordin-
ary and arbitrary functions exercised by the
executive power in Cuba, and we were obliged
to make our complaints at Madrid. In the
negotiations thus opened, and still pending
there, the United Slates only claimed that for
the iuture the rights secured to their citizens,
acceded to by Spain without further delay.
Should the pending negotiations unfortunately
and unexpectedly be without result, it will then
become my duty to communicate that fact to
Congress and invite its action on the subject.
The long-deferred peace conference between
Spain and the allied South American repub-
lics has been inaugurated in Washington under
the auspices of the United States. Pursuant
1 to the recommendation contained in the reso-
| lution of the House of Representatives of the
| 17th of December, 18GG, the executive depart-
j; ment of the Government offered its friendly
|| offices for the promotion of peace and harmony
between Spain and the allied republics. Hesi-
tations and obstacles occurred to the accept-
ance of the offer. Ultimately, however, a con-
ference was arranged, and was opened in this
city on the 29tli of October last, at which I
authorized the Secretary of Stale to preside.
It was attended by the ministers of Spain,
Peru, Chili, and Ecuador. In consequence of
the absence of a representative from Bolivia,
the conference was adjourned until the attend-
ance of a plenipotentiary from that republic
conld be secured, or other measures could be
adopted toward compassing its objects.
The allied and other republics of Spanish
origin on this continent may see in this fact a
new proof of our sincere interest in their wel-
fare ; of our desire to see them blessed with
good governments, capable of maintaining
order and of preserving their respective ter-
ritorial integrity; and of our sincere wish to
extend our own commercial and social rela-
j tions with them. The time is not probably
j far distant when, in the natural course ol"
events, the European political connection with
i this continent will cease. Onr policy should
I be shaped, in view of this probability, so as to
; ally the commercial interests of the Spanish
| American States more closely to onr own, and
j thus give the United States all the preemin-
ence and all the advantage which Mr. Mon-
I roe, Mr. Adams, and Mr. Clay contemplated
when they proposed to join in the congress
i of Panama.
During the last session of Congress a treaty
; for the annexation of the republic of San
i Domingo to the United States failed to receive
! the requisite two-thirds vole of the Senate. I
was thoroughly convinced then that the best
bv treaty, should be respected in Cuba, and I: interests of this country, commercially and
.J  ' 7 i -i it i! . j, Tun,,
that as to the past a joint tribunal should
be established in the United States with lull
jurisdiction over all such claims. Before
such an impartial tribunal each claimant
would be required to prove his esse. On
the other hand Spain would be at liberty to
traverse every material lact, and thus complete
equity would be done. A case which at one
time threatened seriously to affect the rela-
tions between the United States and Spain
has already been disposed of in this way. The
claim of the owners of the Colonel Lloyd
materially, demanded its ratification. Time
has only •confirmed me in this view. I now
firmly believe that the moment it is known that
the United States have entirely abandoned the
project of accepting as a part of its territory
the island of San Domingo a free port will be
negotiated for by European nations in the
bay of Saraana; a large commercial city will
spring up to which we will be tributary with-
out receiving corresponding benefits, and then
will be seen the folly of our rejecting so great
prize. Tho Government of San Domingo
Aspinwali, for the illegal seizure and detention |j has voluntarily sought this annexation. It is a
of that vessel, was referred to arbitration by !, weak Power, numbering probably le=s than one
mutual consent, and has resulted ill an award
to the United States for the owners of the sum
of 519,702 50 in gold. Another and long-
pending claim of like nature, that of thewhnle
ship Canada, has been disposed of by friendly
arbitrament during the present year. Itwas
referred by the joint consent of Brazil and the
United Suites to the decision of Sir Edward
Thoiiiton, her Britannic Majesty s minister at
Washington, who kindly undertook the labor-
ious task of examining the voluminous mass
of correspondence and testimon3r submitted by
the two Governments, and awarded to the
UuiSed States the sum of $100. *40 09iii gold,
which has since been paid by the imperial
•! Government.
m>iles show that t,ic mode
hundred and twenty thousand souls, and yet
\ possessing one of the richest territories under
the sun, capable of supporting a population of
ten million people in luxury. The people of
San Domingo are not capable of maintaining
themselves in their present conditi -n and must
look for outside support. They yearn for the
protection of our free institutions and laws,
1 our progress and civilization. Shall we refuse
'them? , .
■ i The acquisition of San Domingo is desirable
!; because of its geographical position. It com-
! mauds the entrance to the Caribbean sea and
|i the Isthmus transit of commerce. It pos-
j! sesses the lichest soil, best^ and most capa-
' cious harbors, most salubrious climate, and
the most valuable products of the loieM,
India
ve'M'S
These recent examples suuw uiiin « ,, >,. •    ,■ ®ast I
which the United Sliues have proposed to j nime, and son, of any of t e 1i es
Spain for adjusting the pending claims ts just | islands. Its possesion by nr iU ma ^
and feasible, and that it may be agreed to by !;
either nation without dishonor. It is to be , nragmtude, wiiicn.   rine It wm give
hoped that this moderate demand may be |i to us our lost merchant marine. wm g
