1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
diem compensation of assistant marshals for
field-work in enumerating inhabitants at the
ninth census of the United States, under the
rules of payment fixed by the law of 1850, and
the act or acts supplementary thereto, shall not
amount to five dollars per day, the Superin-
tendent of the Census shall be authorized to
add to such pay an amount sufficent to give to
such assistant marshals the total sum of five
dollars per day for such field-work. But the
number of. days for which such additional
allowance may be paid is in no case to exceed
the number of days fixed by the act of May 6,
1870, for completing the enumeration upon
schedule 1.
Air. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent
to make a statement which will not occupy
more than a minute.
Several Members. Let us pass the resolu-
tion at, once.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
passage of the resolution ?
Mr. RANDALL and others objected.
Mr. LAFLIN. I move to suspend the rules,
in order to receive and pass the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This resolution
has been considered by the Committee on the
Ninth Census, and is all right.
On the motion of Mr. Laflin, there were—
ayes 104, noes 30.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the joint resolution
(II. II. No. 482) was received and passed.
bills and resolutions approved.
A message, in writing, ftom the President
of the United States was presented by Mr.
Pouter, one of his secretaries, who also
announced that the President had approved
and signed bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles:
An act (H. II. No. 2529) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June SO, 1872;
An act (H. II. No. 1049) to enable Ann M.
Rodefer, administratrix of Joseph Rodefer,
deceased, to make application for the exten-
sion of letters-patent lor an improvement in
bedstead fastenings; anc}
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 460) declara-
tory of the meaning of the act entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved July 14, 1870.
claims of nkvt hampshire.
Mr. ELA, by unanimous consent, reported
back liom the Committee of Claims a joint
resolution (II. 11. No. 226) for adjusting the
claims of the State of New Hampshire; which
was ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was recom-
mitted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the House do
now adjourn. •
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found duly enrolled the following bill;
when the Speaker signed the same:
A joint resolution (S. II. No. 17) authoriz-
ing the sale of the Chattanooga rolliug'-mill
property at Chattanooga, Tennessee, to the
Southwestern Iron Company.
IXDI1N TBUtUTOUIAL GOVERNMENT,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Heprtsenlatives;
I transmit herewith an official copy of the proceed-
ings of the council of Indian tribs®, held at Qemul-
gee, in December last, which resulted in the adop-
tion of a declaration of rights and a constitution for
their government, together with a copy of the report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and the views
of the Secretary of the Interior thereon.
It would seem highly desirable that the civilizes
Indians of the country should be encouraged in
establishing tor themselves forms of territorial gov-
ernment, compatible with the Constitution of the
United States and with the previous customs toward
communities lying outside of State limits.
T concur in the views expressed by the Secretary
of the interior that it would not be advisable to
leceive the new Territory with the constitution pre-
cisely as it is now fiained. As long as a territorial
form of government is preserved Congress should
hold the power of ,'ippioviug or disappioviug of all
legislative action of the Territory, and the Executive
should, with "the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate," have the power to appoint the (governor and
judicial officers (and possibly some others) of the
Territory.
. This is the first indication of the aborigines de-
siring to adopt our iorin of government, and it is
highly desirable that they become self-sustaining,
self-relying, Christianized, and civilized. If success-
ful in this, their tirst attempt.at territorial govern-
ment, we may hope for a gradual concentration of
other Indians in the new Territory. I therefore
recommend as close an adherence to their wishes as
is consistent with safety.
It might be well to limit the appointment of all
territoiial officials appointed by the Executive to
native citizens of the Territory. Jf any exception is
made to this rule I would recommend that it should
be limited to the judiciary.
It is confidently hoped that the policy now being
pursued toward tbe Indian will fit him for self-gov-
ernment, and make him desire to settle among peo-
ple of his own race where he ean enjoy the full priv-
ileges of civil and enlightened government.
U. H. GRANT.
executive jiaxsiox, January 30,1871.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
bonds issued to pacific railroads.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the following com-
munication, addressed to a member of the
Committee on Appropriations, for the purpose
of having it referred to that co mmittee and
ordered to be printed:
treasury department,
washington, d. c., January 23, 1871.
sir : In compliance with tbe request contained in
your letter of December 12.1870,1 have tbe honor
to transmit herewith a, statement of the bonds issued
to the several Pacific railway companies semi-annu-
ally from tho commencement of the issue of such
bonds.
As this statement is one of very considerable value
to the country, and cost much labor to prepare, I
would suggest that it be made an executive docu-
ment and ordered printed.
geo. S. boutwell,
Secretary.
Don. William Lawkexce, 11. C.
The letter and accompanying statement were
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be priuted.
washington and georgetown railroad.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company,
transmitting to the House a report of the trans-
actions of the said company during the year
ending January 1, 1871 ; which was referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
potomac breakwater.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, in relation to a breakwater in
the Potomac; which wag referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
leave op absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Armstrong for three days; to
Mr. Morrill, of Maine, until Friday next;
and to Mr. Corker for ten days.
arms sold by tub government.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish this House with a statement of all arms
sold by the Government sincc July 1,1870, specify-
ing dates of such sales, priccs realized, fiomwhat
arsenals sold, to whom sold, under what law and by
whoso direction such sules were made, aud whether
such sales were advertised.
Several members demanded the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion to adjourn, and demand being made
for it the resolution cannot b« received.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock aud fifteen minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned,  
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARNELL: The petitions of Asa
Parker and others, of Monroeville, Alabama;
of N. L. Cloys and 90 others, citizens of Union
City, Tennessee; of C. C. Stranahan and 19
others, citizens of Pitt's Cross Roads, Ten-
nessee, and of J. J. Colter, superintendent of
education, and others, citizens of Claiborne,
Alabama, praying for aid from the national
Government to establish common schools.
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of Wig
Acheen, of Canton, China, for his proper
share of the Chinese indemnity fund.
By Mr. BEAMAN : A preamble and resolu-
tions of the common council of the city of
Monroe, Michigan, asking for an appropriation
of $60,000 for Monroe harbor.
Also, the resolutions of the Board of Trade
of Monroe, Michigan, to the same effect.
Also, statement of Captain A. D. Perkins
and others, touching the same.
By Mr. BENTON : The petition of Henry
Conard, for allowance of salary while acting
as charge d'affaires ad interim at Port att
Prince.
By Mr. BOOKER: The petition of John
H. Pemberton and others, citizens of Danville,
Virginia, praying for the abolition of the tax
on sales of manufactured tobacco, cigars, &c.
By Mr, BUFFINTON: The memorial of
John A. Macomber and others, officers of ships
destroyed by the rebel cruiser Shenandoah,
residentsof NewBedford, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for a commission to be authorized by Con-
gress to adjust and settle their claims.
By Mr. CHURCHILL: The petition of the
Homeopathic Medical Society of Madison
county, New York, for the establishment of a
chair of homeopathy in the national univer-
sity proposed to be established In the capital
of the United States.
Also, the memorial and resolutions of the
Homeopathic Medical Society of Madison
county, New York, protesting against the
removal of Dr. Stillman Spooner, of Oneida,
New York, and others, from office as examin-
ing surgeons for pensions, because not of the
school of medical practice approved by the
Commissioner of Pensions, and asking for the
removal from office of said Commissioner.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of Hon.
Walter Q. Gresham, the judge, and General
Benjamin Spooner, the marshal of the district
court of the United States for Indiana, asking
an increase of the pay per diem of the criers
and bailiffs of tbe United States courts.
By Mr. CONNER: A bill declaring the
road running between McKinney, Texas, via
Grape Vine, Spring Garden, Birdsville, Fort
Worth, and Johnson's station, to Calvert,
Texas, a post route of the United States.
By Mr. COWLES: A pstition for an appro-
priation for the erectiou of a light-house at
Fair Haven, New York.
By Mr. DICKINSON : The petition of P.
G. Beckwith and others, citizens ot Huron
county, Ohio, asking relief for the old soldiers
of the war of 1812.
By Mr. DOX: A petition for the removal of
the political disabilities of Thomas Morrow,
of Morgan county, in the State of Alabama,
Also, a petition for the removal of the polit-
ical disabilities of John Caulfield, of Jackson
county, in the State of Alabama.
By Mr. DUKE: The petition of Jachonias
Overbry, of Prince Edward county, Virginia,
for the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. ELA : A petition of the mayor and
members of the city government of Dover,
New Hampshire, for an appropriation to
remove obstructions to the navigation of
Cocheco river.
