16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
time has arrived when by wise and prudent
legislation Congress should look to a policy
which would place our currency at par with
gold at no distant day.
The tax collected from the people has been
reduced more than eighty million dollars per
annum. By steadiness in our present course
there is no'reason why, in a few short years,
the national tax-gatherer may not disappear
from the door of the citizen almost entirely.
With the revenue stamp dispensed by post-
masters in every community, a tax upon
liquors of all sorts, and tobacco in all its
forms, and by a wise adjustment of the tariff,
which will put a duty only upon those articles
which we could dispense with, known as luxu-
tenance of the naval establishment as it now
is, without much in the nature of permanent
improvement.
The appropriations made for the last and
current years were evidently intended by Con-
gress, and are sufficient, only to keep the Navy
on its present footing, by the repairing and
, refitting of our old ships. This policy must,
! of course, gradually but surely destroy the
j Navy, and it is in itself far from economical,
i as each year that it is pursued the necessity
I for mere repairs in ships and navy-yards be-
I comes more imperative and more costly} and
I our current expenses are annually increased
! for the mere repair of ships, many ot which
soon become unsafe and useless. I hope
missionaries among the Indians, and perhaps
to some other denominations who would under-
take the work on the same terms, i■ e., as a
missionary woik. The societies selected are
allowed to name their own agents, subject to
the approval of the Executive, and are ex-
pected to watch over them, and aid them as
missionaries to christianize and civilize the
Indian, and to train him in the arts of peace.
The Government watches over the official acts
of these agents, and requires of them as strict
an accountability as if they were appointed in
any other manner. I entertain the confident
hope that the policy now pursued will in a few
years bring all the Indians upon reservations,
where they will live in houses, have school-
houses and churches, and will bo pursuing
peaceful and self-sustaining avocations, and
where they may be visited by the law-abiding
white man with the same impunity that he now
visits the civilized white settlements. I call
your special attention to the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs for full inform-
ation on this subject.
During the last fiscal year 8,003,413 acres of
publiclands were disposed of. Of this quantity
3,698,910.05 acres were taken under the home-
stead law, and 2,159,515.81 sold for cash. The
remainder was located with military warrants,
Government, and thereby repudiation ot the j
public debt and pensions, then I am still more j
opposed to such kind of revenue reform. |
Revenue reform has not been defined by
any of' its advocates, to my knowledge,_ but
seems to be accepted as something which is to
supply every man's wants without any cost or
effort, on his part. A true revenue reform
cannot be made in a day, but must be the
work of national legislation and of time. As
s,oon as the revenue can be dispensed with ail
duty should be removed from coffee, tea, and
(.ti er art.cies ot universal use not produced by
ourselves. The necessities of the country eom-
any foreign policy.
The accompanying report of the Postmaster
General shows a most satisfactory working of
that Department. With the adoption of the
recommendations contained therein, particu-
larly those relating to a reform in the franking
privilege and the adoption of the "correspond-
ence cards," a self-sustaining postal system
may speedily be looked for, and at no distant
day a further reduction of the rate of postage
be attained.
I recommend authorization by Congress to
the Postmaster General and Attorney Gen-
eral to issue all commissions to officials ap-
pel us to co.iect revenue from our imports. i| pointed through their respective Departments
t ). * , .  i 1.1 ..   —i 
.. —  , must ..
ries, and on those which we use more of than j, during the present session of Congress to be
wo produce, revenue enough may be raised j; able to suoroit to it a plan by which naval ves-
after a few years of peace and consequent !■ sels can be built and repairs made with great
reduction of indebtedness to fulfill all our >] saving upon the present cost. _
obligations. A further reduction of expenses, !' It can hardly be wise statesmanship in a
ill addition to a reduction of interest account, h Government which represents a country with
may be relied on to make this practicable, j; over five thousand miles of coast line on both
Ilevenue reform, if it means this, has my j' oceans, exclusive of Alaska, and containing
hearty support. If it implies a collection of jj forty millions of progressive people, with rela-
ail the revenue for the support of Government, j, tions of every nature with almost every foreign
for the payment of principal and interest of i[ country, to rest with such inadequate means
the public debt, pensions, &c., by directly tax- !; of enforcing any foreign policy either of pro-
mo- the people, then I am against revenue re- j1 teetion or redress. Separated by the ocean ( _
form, and confidently believe the people are ! from the nations of the eastern continent, our ]j college or Indian scrip, or applied m satis-
with me. If it means failure to provide the ' Navy is our only means of direct protection to j| faction of grants to railroads, or for other public
necessary means to defray all the expenses of . our citizens abroad, or for the enlorcement of !! uses. The entries under the homestead law
* •• '• •• '' ! - <•-  -«— jl during the last year covered 9G1.545 acre3 more
i than those during the preceding year. Surveys
j have been vigorously prosecuted to the fall
! extent of the means applicable to the purpose.
! The quantity of land in market will amply sup-
j ply the present demand. The claim of the set-
| tier under the homestead or the preemption
i laws is not, however, limited to lands subject
i to sale at private entry. Any unappropriated
surveyed public land may to a limited amount
be acquired under the former laws, if the party
entitled to enter under them will comply with
the requirements they prescribe in regard to
the residence and cultivation. The actual set-
tler's preference right of purchase is even
broader, and extends to lands which were
unsurveyed at the time of his settlement. His
right was formerly confined within much nar-
rower limits, and at one period of our history
was conferred only by special statutes. They
were enacted from time to time to legalize what
was then regarded as an unauthorized intrusion
upon the national domain. The opinion that
the public lands should be regarded chiefly r>s
a source of revenue is no longer maintained.
The rapid settlement and successful cultivation
ofthemisnowjustly considered ofmoreimport-
ance to our well-being than is the fund which
the sale of them would produce.
The remarkable growth and prosperity of
our new States and Territories attest the wis-
dom of the legislation which invites the tiller
of the soil to secure a permanent home on
terms within the reach of all. The pioneer
who incurs the dangers and privations of a front-
ier life, and thus aids in laying the foundation
of new Commonwealths, renders a signal ser-
vice to his country, and is entitled to its special
favor and protection. These laws secure that
object and largely promote the general wel-
fare. They should, therefore, be cherished as
a permanent feature of our land system.
Good faith requires us to give full effect to
existing grants. The time-honored and benefi-
cent policy of setting apart certain sections
of public land for educational purposes in J he
new States should be continued. When ample
provisions shall have been made for these
objects, I submit, as a question woifhy of
serious consideration, whether the residue of
our national domain should not be wholly dis-
posed of under the provisions of the home-
stead and preemption laws.
In addition to the swamp and overflowed
lands granted to the States m which they ore
situated, the lands taken under the agricul-
tural college acts and for internal improve-
irmy oi assessors and collectors is not a !; At present these commissions, where appoint-
fai.t sight to the citizen, but that or a tariff !; ments are presidential, are issued by the State
snua is necessary. Such a tariff, so far i{ Department. The law in all the Departments
I of Government, except those of the Post Office
j and of Justice, authorizes each to issue its own
| commissions.
i Always favoring practical reforms, I respect-
! fully call your attention to one abuse, of long
j standing, which I would like to see remedied
j by this Congress. It is a reform in the civil
' service of the country. I would have it go
! beyond the mere fixing of the tenure of office
| of clerks and employes, who do not require
j "the advice and consent of the Senate" to
!j make their appointments complete. I would
ij have it govern, not the tenure, but the manner
of making, all appointments. There is no
j, duty which so much embarrasses the Exec-
j! utive aud heads of Departments as that of
| appointments; nor is there any such arduous
j and thankless labor imposed on Senators and
i; Representatives as that of finding places for
;; constituents. The present system does not
>i secure the best men, and often not even fit men
II for public place. The elevation and purifica-
i| tion of the civil service of the Government will
j; be hailed with approval by the whole people
[! of the United States.
jt Reform in the management of Indian affairs
has received the special attention of the Ad-
ij ministration from its inauguration to the pres-
ij ent Jay. The experiment of making it a mis-
<] sionary work wa3 tried with a few agencies,
i given to the denomination of Friends, and has
ji been found to work most advantageously. All
agencies and superintendencies not so dis-
ji posed of were given to officers of the Army.
ii The act of Congress reducing the Army ren-
'! ders Army officers ineligible for civil positions,
ji Indian agencies being civil offices, I doterm-
ij ined to give all the agencies to such religious
11 denominations as had heretofore established
pita:
u r r;
as it acts as an encouragement to home pro-
duction, affords employment to labor, at living
wages, in contrast to tiie pauper labor of the
Olu World, and also in the development of
home resources.
Under the act of Congress of the loth day
of July, loTO, the Army has gradually been
j educed, so that, ^n the 1st day of January,
3 871, the number of commissioned officers and
men will not exceed the number contemplated
by that law.
The War Department building is an old
structure, not fire-proof, and entirely inade-
quate ill dimensions to our present wants.
Menv thousand dollars are now paid annually
for rent of private buildings to accommodate
the various bureaus of the Department. I
recommend an appropriation for anew War
Department building, suited to the present and
giowing wants of the nation.
The report of the Secretary of War shows a
very satisfactory reduction in the expenses of
the Army for the last fiscal year. For details
ynn a'-e referred to his accompanying report.
The expenses of the Navy for the whole of
fhe last year, i. e.,from December 1, 1809, the
date of the hist report, are less than nineteen
million dollars, or about one million dollars
less than they were the previous year. The
expe uses since the commencemeiitof this fiscal
U'.ni. e., since July 1, show, for ihe five
months, a decrease of over two million four
liur.died thousand dollars from those, of the
cuir.';pou«iing months last year.
The e-,i nriares Tor the current year were
$2rf,2llf),oTl Those for next year are
with vO-jo. 100 additional for
necessary permanent improvements. These
estimates are made closely for the mere main-
