842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
By Mr. FERRISS: A petition of physicians
of Warren county, New York, protesting
against the removal of all pension surgeons
who practice medicine according to the home-
opathic system, and praying for the removal
of the present Commissioner of Pensions.
By Mr. HILL: A petition of 13 citizens
of Camden, New Jersey; 21 citizens of Plain-
field, New Jersey; 21 citizens of Orange, New
Jersey; and 31 citizens of Lambertsville, New
Jersey, asking that tbe charter of the national
university provide for a professorship for the
practice of homeopathy in its medical depart-
ment.
By Mr. HOOPER,of Massachusetts: The
petition of George W. Blake, late sergeant
major of the second Massachusetts infantry,
praying Congress to restore him to the pen-
sion-roll, for disabilities received in the ser-
vice.
By Mr. JULIAN: A petition of 175 citi-
zens of Missouri and settlers on the public
lands in the southwestern part of the State,
praying protection in their just rights against
the South Pacific railroad, said settlers having
rights as preemptors priorto June, 1852, under
which said company is wrongfully attempting
to dispossess them.
By Mr. KNAPP: A petition asking for a
change of location and name of the Worthing-
ton National Bank, of Cooperstown, New
York.
By Mr. LOGAN: The petition of Henry P.
Ingram and Johu H. Askins, for pay as officers
of the Army.
By Mr. MILNES: The petition of William
N. Nelson, for removal of his disabilities.
By Mr. NUCKOLLS: Petitions of Newell
Pool, Ferguson Pool, Fielden Carr, Hughes
W. Roberts, George W. Atkins, and Litrel H.
Hampton, of Grayson county, Virginia, for
removal of legal and political disabilities.
By Mr. PALMER: A petition from citizens
of Des Moines, Iowa, for the passage of an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States to authorize woman suffrage.
Also, a petition from citizens of Des Moines,
Iowa, for an amendment to the homestead
ilct.
Also, a petition from inhabitants of Iowa,
for pension to soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The memorial of
tbe board of aldermen of the city of Cincin-
nati, protesting against the construction of tlie
Newport and Cincinnati bridge on the present
plan, and praying for its modification accord-
ing to recommendation of the Government
engineer.
Also, a memorial from 200 business men and
firms, praying for a repeal of special taxes on
sales of tobacco and cigars, and for other
changes in the revenue laws affecting that
business.
By Mr. SWANN : The petition of Angelica
Hammond, widow of William Z. Hammond,
company E, first Maryland cavalry, for back
pay and bounty, and to be placed on the pen-
sion list.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of Car-
oline H. Miller, widow of the late Commodore
James F. Miller, for arrearages of pension.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Mah-
lon Rouch, late second lieutenant of the one
hundred and twentieth Ohio volunteer infantry,
asking pay as second lieutenant for the time
he was a prisoner in the hands of the rebel
authorities, being captured after he had re-
ceived a commission and before he was mus-
tered int  the service.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
Charles Burns, late lieutenant of company A,
tenth Kentucky volunteers, praying for arrears
of pension.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
William H. Keith, late of company C, fourth
Kentucky infantry, for an invalid pension.
Also, the memorial anil remonstrance of the
trustees of the American Printing House for
the Blind at Louisville, Kentucky.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jamtaiy 31, 1871.
• Prayer by the Chpplain, Rev. J. P. New-
jia.y, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
partly read; when, on motion of Mr. Pomeboy,
and by unanimous consent, the further read-
ing was dispensed with.
income tax bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a message from the House of Represent-
atives, returning a bill passed by this body.
The Chief Clerk read the action of the House
of Representatives, as follows:
" Resolved, That Senate bill No. 1083, to repeal so
mueh of the act approved July 14. 1870. entitled 'An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes.'
as continues the income tax after the 31st day of
December, 1S69. be returned to that body, with the
respectful suggestion on the part of the House that
sect-ion seven of article one of the Constitution vests
in the House of Representatives the solo power to
originatesuch measures."
Mr. SCOTT. I intended to prepare and will
prepare a resolution in proper form oil this
subject; but I now make the motion that the
Senate do not concur in the reasons assigned
by the House of Representatives for returning
this bill, and ask for a committee of confer-
ence on the question.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator does that on
the ground, I suppose, that it is an unparlia-
mentary proceeding?
Mr. SCOTT. That it is a difference between
the two Houses in regard to their privileges.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is due to the
Senate that the Senator from Pennsylvania
should state some reasons for the course pro-
posed to be pursued.
Mr. SCOTT. After the Chair shall have
submitted the motion, I propose to ask the
indulgence of the Senate to submit some
remarks upon the question.
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
before tbe Senate, and the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, having intro-
duced into the Senate the bill which has given
rise to this question, I ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a few moments to consider the
question which is presented by this message
of the House of Representatives. They send
us back a respectful suggestion that section
seven of article one of the Constitution vests in
the House of Representatives the sole power
to originate such measures. What is that sec-
tion ? I will read it:
"All bills for raising revenue shall originate in
the House of Representatives: but the Senate may
propose or concur with amendments as on other
bills."
We need take no notice of the latter clause
of this section, for the reason that this is not
an amendment to any bill; it is an original bill
proposed in the Senate.
Is it a bill raising revenue? Let us see
what it proposes to do. It proposes to repeal
so much of the act of the 14th of July, 1870,
as imposes a tax upon incomes after the 31st
of December, 1869. That tax, as it is imposed
by the sections of the law of July 14, 1870,
which are proposed to be repealed, is to be
levied upon the 1st day of March next, and
paid in April next. Now, it is perfectly ap-
parent that a bill which proposes to repeal a
law authorizing the levying and assessment of
taxes in tbe future neither takes money out
of the Treasury nor puts money in the Treas-
ury. It simply proposes to prevent the col-
lection of taxes, in tbe future, which are now
authorized by law, by repealing that portion
of the law which authorizes them. And really,
sir, tbe answer to the question, does this bill
propose to raise revenue ? is so clear and direct
that an argument upon it seems calculated only
to obscure it.
But, sir, the House of Representatives, hav-
ing considered this question, as we are bound
to presume it did, and having sent back this
suggestion to us, it is proper that we should
give it some consideration; and 1 trust I shall
not be considered as transgressing that rule
which prohibits us from relerring to the pro-
ceedings of the other House. The proceed-
ings of the other House are themselves before
us, and I see not how it is possible to consider
this question without referring to the proceed-
ings in the other House. I look, then, briefly
at the manner in which this bill has come back
to us. The only discussion of the question
which arose in the House of Representatives
is contained in the reasons that are given by
the Speaker of the House for entertaining the
motion as a question of privilege ; and i will
look briefly at those two reasons.
The instance referred to as occurring in the
Thirty-Fifth Congress was an amendment to a
Post Offiee appropriation bill, which increased
the rates of postage, and which would, there-
fore, literally raise revenue. It is certainly
not a case analogous to this: and it was cited
not as analogous to this, but simply to sustain
the question made as one of privilege.
The only other reason that can be found in
that proceeding is the fact that the House, by
its practice under its rules, requires tax bills
to be discussed in Committee of the Whole,
and that is construed to apply to bills -repeal-
ing taxes, because the character of such bills
might be changed by amendments, or the re-
peal of one tax might involve the levying of
another.
This, Mr. President, is a purely constitu-
tional question, and if we are to take the pro-
ceeding which sent this bill back to us it was
decided upon an argument applicable only to
a rule of the House of Representatives, made
to govern the consideration of that class of
bills to which the constitutional provision re-
ferred. The House do not seem to have taken
up at all the consideration of the constitutional
provision, but seem to have been influenced
by the reason given by the Speaker of the
House in quoting their own rule in regard to
the consideration of tax bills, namely, that
an amendment could not be considered with-
out being first offered in Committee of the
Whole.
Now, sir, let us look for a moment, after we
have passed away from these considerations
which seem to have influenced the action of
the House, at the constitutional provision and
its meaning. In the British Parliament they
have the committee of ways and means and
the committee of supplies, analogous to our
Committee of Ways and Means and our Com-
mittee on Appropriations. It is the rule in
the British Parliament that all bills, both for
raising revenue and for making appropriations,
must originate in the House of Commons.
The House of Commons representing the
people, they claim the right to originate all
bills which shall impose a charge upon the
people. But, sir, in the House of Commons,
where that rule prevails, and where the prac-
tice goes so much further than ours, where the
lords are not permitted even to propose an
amendment to a bill rai.-ing revenue, they hold
that a bill reducing taxes is not within the
meaning of that provision which they have,
that taxbillsmust be considered in committee
of the whole. So that, going back to the fount-
ain from which all our parliamentary practice,
and from which, too, this constitutional provis-
ion is drawn, the very reason which seems to
have influenced the House of Representatives
in deciding upon this question is held in the
British Parliament to justify the introduction
of a bill reducing revenue without aubmitting
it to a committee of the whole.
With this practice of the British Parliament
in view, let us now come to the formation of
our own Constitution. Bearing in mind that
it is the practice in the British Parliament that
all bills for raising revenue, as well as all bills
for appropriating money out of the treasury,
must have their origin in the House of Com-
mons, what do we find in our Constitution 'I
