18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at two o'clock and fifty miuutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
cotomittees;
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Catharine W. Mayhew, of Edgartown, Massa-
chusetts, praying for a pension.
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: Petitions for
removal of political disabilities of the following
persons: J. W. Stell, of Gonzales county;
Stephen W. Perkins, of Brazoria county ; J. T.
Closs, of Madison county; John W. Hill, of
McLennan county; W. R. Davis, of Freestone
county; James H. Hallonquist, Of Texas;
Henry M. Elmore, of Walker county; John
y. Rankin, of Comanche county; P. F. Mur-
phy, of Nueces county; Daniel J. Tobin, of
Bexar county; A. J. Fowler, of Navarro
county; J. H. Banton of Walker county;
and James L. L. McCall, of McLennan county,
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of William
M. McGruder, of Henrico county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his legal and political :
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth article |
of amendments to the Constitution.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 6, 1370.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mas, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
Hon. Roscoe Cockling, of New York;
Hon. John P. Stockton, of New Jersey;
Hon. George Vickers, of Maryland; Hon.
Alexander McDonald, of Arkansas, and
Hon. James W. Nye, of Nevada, appeared
in their seats to-day.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of the 5th instant, a
copy of the regulations prescribed under the
act providing that merchandise imported at
certain ports of the United States and destined
for certain other ports may be immediately
transported to such other ports; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
court of claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the chief clerk of the Court
of Claims, communicating a statement of all
the judgments rendered by that court during
the year ending December 5, 1870 ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
petitions.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of John
W. Osborne, a hospital steward of the United
States Army, praying compensation for prop-
erty destroyed by the burning of the post hos-
pital at Fort Ripley, Minnesota, July 21,1870.
I move its reference to the Committee on
Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
must lie on the table for the present, there
being no committees.
Mr. POMEROY. I present the petition of
Frances Moore, widow of the late Arthur
Moore, who represents that she was entitled
to a pension for life by an act of Congress,
but that during her insanity, while she was
confined in the insane asylum, she could not
draw it, and that there is no provision of law
by which she can draw a pension during that
period. She asks, therefore, that she may have
a special act of Congress for her relief, grant-
ing' her a pension during the period of her
insanity. There is as yet no committee to
which to refer this application.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
lie on the table for the present.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Allegheny county, Pennsylvania, soldiers of
the late war for the preservation of the Union,
praying for the passage by the Senate of the
House bill equalizing bounties; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Francis A.
Gibbons, praying compensation for the con- I
struction of a building for the use of the De- |
partment of Agriculture ; which was ordered j
to lie on the table. _ _ |
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi- ,
zens of the Stale of Minnesota residing on the
Sioux reservation, praying that the time for
payment of their lands be extended from June
1, 1870, to June 1, 1873, they having settled
thereon under the impression, gained from the
local land officers and others, that the lands
would be withheld from market a much longer
time than was the fact; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of eitizens of
Ottertail county, Minnesota, praying the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Fergus Falls, via
Elizabethtown, to Pellican Rapids, Ottertail
county, Minnesota ; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
bills introduced.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1082) to authorize the election of a Dele-
gate in Congress from Indian territory; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1083) to repeal so much of the act approved
July 14, 1870, entitled "An act to reduce in-
ternal taxes, and for other purposes," as con-
tinues the income tax after the 31st day of
December, A. D. 1869 ; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1084) to constitute the city of Leavenworth, in
the State of Kansas, a port of delivery ; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 257) authorizing the Postmas-
ter General to continue in use in the postal
service of the United States an instrument
or device for post-marking and for the more
effectual cancellation of postage stamps, and
to make a fair, just, and equitable settlement
with the inventor and patentee of the same,
and to pay or compensate him for the past and
future use thereof by the Post Office Depart-
ment ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
transportation op bonded g008s.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate copies of the
regulations prescribed by him for the transportation
of goods in bond from foreign countries through the
United States to Canada.
president's message.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following
resolution, which I presume must be referred,
under the law:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of
the President's message be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Printing,
under the law.
age of senate pages.
Mr. DRAKE. I ask for the consideration
of the resolution which I offered yesterday oil
the subject of the pages of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution offered by him
yesterday on the subject of the pages of the
Senate. The question is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That in no ease shall a page of the Sen-
ate be appointed who is younger than twelve years,
or remain in office after tho age of sixteen years.
Mr. DRAKE. I have made in pencil-mark
a modification of the resolution, which I ask to
The VICE PRESIDENT. There having
been no vote as yet upon it, the Senator from
Missouri modifies his resolution so as to read
as follows:
Resolved, That in no caso shall a page of the Sen-
ate be appointed for duty in the Senate Chamber
who is younger than twelve years or remain in office
after the age of sixteen years.
Mr. DRAKE. I will explain in a very few-
words why this resolution is offered. On th&
17th of July, 1854, a resolution was adopted by
the Senate which said that " in no case shall a-
page be appointed younger than thirteen years,
or remain in office after the age of seventeen
years." That resolution, I am informed, has
been for many years practically disregarded in
the appointment of pages, as to the junior
i period. But at the last session a provision was
introduced into an appropriation bill which
I made an alteration as to the appointment of
pages in this: that they are no longer appointed
by the Sergeant-at-Arms as heretofore, but have
to be nominated by him and confirmed by the
Committee on Contingent Expenses; and that
committee, finding this resolution of 1854 in
operation, declined to confirm intheirpositions
two or three lads of great merit who have been
nominated by the Sergeant-at-Arms, and who
are within two or three months of being thirteen
years of age. I have conversed with a num-
ber of Senators, and the general opinion, so fat-
as I can gather it, is that a boy of twelve years
of age is quite as likely to be efficient here as
a boy of thirteen, and that a boy when he
arrives at sixteen years of age had better be
somewhere else than in the Senate Chamber.
Therefore it was that I prepared this resolu-
tion, and offered it here, which I hope will meet
with no objection on the part of any Senator.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to amend the
resolution by striking out the word " sixteen"'
and substituting "fifteen," so as to let the
boys leave here at fifteen years of age.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the maximum of sixteen
years and inserting fifteen.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania that it is not ex-
pedient to do that. It gives too short a time
for the boys here. It is important that they
should be here long enough to become thor-
oughly familiar with their duty. The same
resolution to which I referred before, that of
1854, contains another clause, to which I will
call the attention of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, and which will remain operative here
if this resolution should be adopted; that is, a
clause which forbids the boys remaining in
the Senate for a longer time than two Con-
gresses, or four years. That provision will
remain, and the purpose of it is to give tho
boys time enough to become thoroughly familiar
and efficient iu the discharge of their duties.
I ask the honorable Senator to be so kind as
to withdraw his suggestion.
Mr. CAMERON. The explanation of the
Senator from Missouri makes my amendment
unnecessary. My only desire is to have the
term of service here short. I think no boy is
permanently benefited by coming here as a
page. It may be a temporary benefit to the
families; but the shorter their service here, in
my opinion, the better for them. They liad
better go and learn some useful employment
somewhere else. But as the Senator says they
cannot serve here more than four years, it
