1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
given than the power to amend such bills as
originated in the House of Representatives.
Now, sir, may it not be fairly inferred that
the delegation of this particular power to the
Senate excludes all other power, all other
jurisdiction over that subject?
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator addresses his
question to me, L will ask him if that is not
assuming the very point involved, namely,
whether that power extends to any other case
than a bill to raise revenue?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not addressing my
questions particularly to the Senator, but to
the Senate, i assume the position, and I do
not believe that it can be successfully contro-
verted upon the history of the clause referred
lo, that the only jurisdiction conferred upon
the Senate by the Constitution over what are
called money bills, or bills for raising revenue,
was the power to amend such bills.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Will the Senator
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I would inquire
whether there is any act upon our statute-book
so completely under the control and in the
custody of the House of Representatives that
the Senate of the United States cannot move
its repeal unless that repealing act shall revive
some act which previously was upon the stat-
ute-book increasing the revenue?
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is the very question
I propose- to briefly argue. I do not propose
to speak in extenso upon the point, but to show,
if I can, that the view suggested by the Senator
is not quite as clear as it seems to be to him.
Now, sir, what do the words "all bills for
raising revenue" in the Constitution mean?
Do they mean bills simply to augment or in-
crease the revenue of the United States? Cer-
tainly the first tax bill that was ever introduced
into Congress must have originated in the
House oi Representatives, as well as all sub-
sequent bills increasing taxation. So that it
does not mean alone to increase or augment
the revenue of the country, but it means, as I
understand, all bills providing for revenue;
all bills to assess, levy, and collect'taxes. All
bills to-provide revenue for the United States
must originate in the House of Representa-
tives. 1 think that is a reasonable and a fair
construction of that clause of the Constitution.
Here is a proposition, Mr. President, to
amend the internal revenue system of the Uni-
ted States. Some years ago a bill originated
in the House of Representatives proposing a
system of internal revenue, which has been
amended from time to time and has become a
soit of revenue code upon the statute-book.
Kow the Senate proposes to repeal some six-
teen sections of that internal revenue code,
aud claims to have jurisdiction to originate the
repeal of those sections, the elfect of which is,
or may be, to change the entire internal rev-
enue system of the United States; and soit
may happen that the law providing internal
revenue is a law which is finally made by a
bill which is proposed in the Senate of the
United States.
Now, sir, what is the difference, I ask, be-
tween originating a system of internal revenue
and originating a bill which shall change and
modify and entirely revolutionize that system ?
Does not the principle apply as much to the
one bill as to the other? Now, if this bill
passes, which has originated in the Senate,
then the revenue system will stand under legis-
lation or made by legislation which has origin-,
ated in the Senate. Manifestly this would be
contrary to the spirit of the Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the permission of
my friend, I should like to ask him a question
just on that point for my own information and
to get his views. I ask whether, in his opinion,
it would be competent for the Senate to repeal
some clause in the internal revenue law which
provides a penalty for the violation of sQtue of
its provisions, or to change the penalty simply 1
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is possible that the
Senate might have that power ; but the ques-
tion is whether or not the Senate can originate
a bill which substantially changes the system
of taxation upon the people of the country.
That is the proposition. Perhaps the Senate
may originate bills incidentally affecting that
system-; but can the Senate originate a system
of taxation? Certainly it cannot. Then can
it originate a bill which will change that sys-
tem, and mske it a code of revenue laws which
never originated in the House of Representa-
tives?
Now, sir, has the Senate of the United States
legislative discretion over this bill? Certainly
while a bill is pending here, if it be within the
jurisdiction of the Senate, it would be com-
petent for any Senator to move to amend it.
Suppose while this bill is pending I should
move to amend it by providing that the taxes
upon incomes should all be repealed except
that upon incomes from corporations, which
should be increased to five per cent. That is
an amendment germane to this bill: but wilt
any Senator contend that the Senate would
have jurisdiction to so amend it as to increase
the income tax Upon corporations from two
and a half to five per cent? Nobody, I sup-
pose, will contend that the Senate has any
such power; and therefore there is a bill pend-.
ing here in reference to the internal revenue
system of the United States, over which the
Senate cannot exercise its legislative discre-
tion. Some Senator proposes a bill and the
Senate is bound to pass or reject it, having no
power of amendment. I should like to know
if it can be supposed that the men who made
the Constitution intended to confer upon the
Senate the power to originate bills without
any power to amend those bills according to
the will of the majority of the body ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the Georgia election
case is before the Senate, on which the Sena-
tor from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] is entitled to
the door.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator from
Oregon should be allowed to complete his
remarks.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I shall not take much
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the unfinished business will be in-
formally passed over.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ara willing that the
Senator from Oregon should conclude his
remarks. I suppose they will not be long.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I am not willing
to give way on the privileged question for any
further consideration of this subject.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope we shall be able to
reach a vote after the Senator from Oregon
concludes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island object to the Senator
from Oregon concluding his remarks?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Ob, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no ob-
jection to the Senator from Oregon proceeding,
and after he concludes his remarks the Chair
will calt up the unfinished business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Suppose, while this bill
Was pending in the House of Representatives,
an amendment had been proposed there in-
creasing the taxation upon some particular
article, (such an amendment might have been
legitimately proposed in the House,) and the
bill had been returned and had passed with
that amendment, then there would have been
a bill originating in the Senate increasing tax-
ation upon the people; or, in other words,
the reeord would show a bill originating in
the Senate of the United States the effect of
which was to increase the revenue of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CONK LING. With the permission of
the Senator I beg to call his attention to a
point with regard to the illustration he intro-
duces as a criterion of the character of this
bill. I ask him whether his supposition is not
just as applicable to any other bill ? Suppose
the Senator introduces a bill to-day for any
purpose that he pleased, no matter what, aua
in the Senate an amendment were moved to
tlig bill which should have the effect he first
supposed, or in the House, after it got there, an
amendment were moved which should increase
a tax upon something, could not that happen
just as well as in regard to this bill? .Does
that "illustration, therefore, reflect any light at
all upon the original question whether this is
a bill for raising revenue ? I submit to him
that that transmutation is one which any bill is
liable to just as much as this. The House can
amend any bill so that it may raise revenue.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think not. An amend-
ment must be germane, as I understand, to the
subject-matter of the bill. Here is a bill which
relates to the revenue of the United States,
either a bill to raise revenue or a bill to reduce
revenue, just as you please. An amendment
touching taxation upon any particular article
or class of articles would be an amendment
germane to the bill, and if such an amendment
should be adopted in the House, and the bill
should be passed with that amendment, then,
upon the certificate of the Secretary that the
bill originated, in the Senate, the President
would be bound to exercise his veto power
upon it, or the courts might decide that such
a bill, having originated in the Senate, was
unconstitutional and void.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the honorable
Senator to let me further remind him that the
rule of the Senate is that an amendment being
germane is no criterion whatever of its appro-
priateness or its liability to be offered. The
Senator will remember that on an appropria-
tion bill, for example, we had an amendment
to repeal the tenure-of-office bill. I remem-
ber that I raised the question myself, and the
Chair read to us a familiar passage from the
Manual, that it is parliamentary law that you
may not only put on an amendment that is not
germane, but an amendment so totally repug-
nant, so completely far-fetehed, that it trans-
mogrifies the whole bill. Therefore the Sen-
ator does not at all avoid the force of the sug-
gestion by saying that such an amendment
would not be germane. That is the very force
of my illustration. A thing far from, being
germane might be put upon any other bill as
well as this.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Ido not speak of amend-
ments proposed in the Senate, but of amend-
ments proposed in the House of Kepresenta-
tives to a Senate bill; and although I do not
profess to be as familiar with the rules of the
House as the Senator from New York, yet I
doubt whether a bill to incorporate a railroad
company, or for any other similar purpose,
passing the Senate, is a bill to which in the
House an amendment eould be proposed in-
creasing taxation or affecting taxation upon the
people. Butthisis a revenue bill. Although
it is claimed to be a bill to reduce revenue,
it is nevertheless a bill affecting the revenues,
and therefore it is perfectly competent every-
where to move to change or increase or modify
any of the revenues of the United States; and
therefore I say that the House might amend
this bill in that way, and the records of Con-
gress would show a bill originating in the Sen-
ate increasing taxation upon the people.'
Now, sir, the theory upon which this pro-
ceeds is that the members of the House "are
the immediate representatives of the people.
They are to suggest not Only the amount of
taxes to be imposed upon the people, but they
are to suggest the subjects upon which that
taxation is to be imposed. Certainly the theory
was that the people, all classes and all inter-
ests, would be better protected if this power
was confined to the House of Representatives,
the members immediately representing tbe
people, than they would be if the power was
