846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
lodged in the Senate, a body representing the
States of the Union. And for that reason,
following out the theory that had obtained in
the British Parliament, this provision of the
Constitution was made, so as to keep this sub-
ject of taxation within the control of the imme-
diate representatives of the people.
If that be a correct theory, I ask if it is r t
a violation of it, and of the spirit of this pro-
vision of the Constitution, for the Senate of the
United States to propose to relieve one class
of the people from all taxation, and throw the
entire burden upon another class of people ?
Here is a proposition to relieve corporations
and banks and tbe accumulated wealth of the
country from taxation, and throw the entire
burdens of the Government upon other and
poorer classes of the people ; and I say it is
a violation of the spirit, if it be not a violation
of the letter of the Constitution, which was
intended to confine this power to the imme-
diate representatives of the people, so that
they could protect all interests and all classes.
Reference has been made to the precedents,
and the Senator from Pennsylvania referred
to the compromise measure of 1833. That
was an unfortunate reference for the Senator,
because when that bill was pending before
the Senate an objection was made to it that
the Senate had no jurisdiction, and it was
laid upon the table upon that ground, and
a House bill, a bill originating in the House
of Representatives, containing similar provis-
ions, passed the Senate ; and it was then and
there decided that the Senate had no jurisdic-
tion over such a bill.
Moreover, I have a precedent which occurred
in 1844, where there was a direct proposition
made to reduce the tariff in the Senate of the
United States, and, after an elaborate discus-
sion, it was held that the Senate had no juris-
diction over that measnre._ Mr. McDuffie pro-
posed tho following bill:
" Be it enacted, &c., That so much of the existin g
law imposing duties upon foreign imports as pro-
vides that dir iea ad valorem on certain commodities
shall b« assessed upon an assumed minimum value
be, and tbe same is hereby, repealed; and that said
duties be hereafter assessed on tbe true value of such
commodities.
" Skc. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That in all cases if
in which the existing duty upon any imported com- :!
modify exceeds thirty per cent, on the value thereof
such dnty shall hereafter be reduced to thirty per
cent, ad valorem.
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That from and J
after the 31st day of December next all duties upon
foreign imports shall be reduced to twenty-five per
cent.; and from and after the 31st of December,
1814, to twenty per cent, ad valorem."
There was a proposition to immensely reduce
the tariff, and that proposition was referred to
the Committee on Finance of the Senate, of
which Mr. Evans, of Maine, was then chairman.
Mr.TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ore-
gon will allow me to say that, as he read from
the Globe, that was a proposition to increase
the duty. It provides, as I understand him to
read, that instead of assessing an ad valorem
duty on the minimum value of articles, the
least value, it should be on their real value,
which increased the duties of course.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That may be so, but it
was not so understood in the Senate at that
time. Mr. McDuffie, of South Carolina, the
inveterate enemy of all tariffs, introduced that
proposition into the Senate for the purpose of
striking down aud destroying the tariff of 1842.
Mr. Evans, chairman of the Committee on
Finance, reported back that bill, as follows:
"That the bill entitled 'An act to revive the act
of the 2d March, 1S33, usually called the compromise
act, and to modify the existing duties upon foreign
imports in conformity with its provisions,' is a bill
for raising revenue within the uieaniug of the sey-
enth seotion of the first article of the Constitution,
and cannot, therefore, originate in the Senate: There-
fore,
"Resolved, That it be indefinitely postponed."
There was an extensive debate on that
proposition. I shall not consume the time
of the Senate by referring to it or any parts of
it.' Various precedents were cited; and Mr.
Evans said in his speech that be could not find
any precedent in the history of the Senate
where jurisdiction had been taken over a sim-
ilar subject, over a proposition to reduce as
well as to increase revenue; because the re-
duction of revenue upon one article might
necessarily involve the increase of taxation
upon another and different article; because
the revenues of the country are so intimately
connected and blended with one another that
you cannot strike out one part of the system
without affecting the others. That resolution
was adopted by a vote of 33 to 4 in the Senate.
I understand that at that time the doctrine
was established that any proposition of this
kind which related to or affected the revenues
of the country was a proposition that should
originate in the House of Representatives, and
that within the meaning and spirit of the Con-
stitution the Senate had no jurisdiction over
the subject.
Reference is made in these debates to vari-
ous precedents occurring where the question
had arisen, and Mr. Evans in his speech refers
to one case where a proposition was made
in the Senate to borrow money, and it was
decided that the Senate had no jurisdiction
over that subject; that it was to all intents
and purposes a revenue bill, and therefore it
was not adopted. Although it may be true
that various bills originate here which pass
without objection, yet they constitute no pre-
cedent, for the Senate does many things every
day by unanimous consent which would not
be done if objection was made.
I think, therefore, Mr. President, that the
precedents are on the other side of this ques-
tion. If the Senator from Pennsylvania will
take pains to examine them from the begin-
ning of the Government down to this time he
will find, I think, that a bill of this nature,
which so substantially and materially affects
and changes the revenue system of the conn-
try, is a bill that ought to originate in the
House of Representatives. I know it may be
difficult to draw the line of demarkation be-
tween bills that are without and bills that are
within the jurisdiction of the Senate; but there
are certain bills that are clearly within the
jurisdiction of the House, and there are other
bills that are clearly within the jurisdiction of
the Senate.
Reference has been made to bills relating
to tbe public lands and the post offices. The
eighth section of the first article of the Consti-
tution confers upon Congress the power to
establish post offices and post roads, and of
coarse Congress can do what is proper and
necessary to execute that power. Congress
has also unlimited power to dispose of the
public lands, and a measure for that purpose
may originate in either House.
But somewhere there must be a line of
demarkation between the bills over which the
House has exclusive jurisdiction and the bills
over which the Senate and the House have
concurrent jurisdiction to originate ; and I say,
following the history of this subject in the Con-
vention, following the precedents of Congress,
and consulting the spirit of tbe Constitution
and the reasons upon which this provision is
founded, the true line is found here: that
whenever any proposition is made substantially
affecting the revenues of the country one way
or the other, changing, modifying, increasing,
or reducing the revenue system, such a bill
ought to originate in the House of Representa-
tives and be subject to amendment in the Sen-
ate. When you depart from that rule there is
no rule whatever by which you can be governed.
I have made these suggestions merely to go
with those of the Senator from Pennsylvania
on the other side. 1 have no objection to the
conference committee.
The-VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is again before the Senate.
Mr. SCOT 1*. I understand the Senator from
Illinois consents that that may be passed over
informally for a moment to allow us to go ou
with this question and finish it now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope we shall finish it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we can take a vote
without further debate I shall not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois yields to allow a vote to be taken, and
the question is on agreeing to the resolution
•ffered by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
conferees be appointed ?
Mr. SCOTT. Bv the Chair.
There being no objection, it was so ordered ;
and the Vice President appointed Mr. Scott,
Mr. Coxklixg, and Mr. C.vssebly the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE UOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following Sen-
ate bill and joint resolutions :
A bill (S. No. J257) making appropriation
for the prosecution of the work upon the im-
provement of St. Mary's Falls canal and St.
Mary's river, Michigan;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery ;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 302) for the
appointment of General William T. Sherman
a Regent of the Smithsouiau Institution.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the bill (S. No. 819)
to authorize the sale of certain lands reserved
for the use of the Menomonee tribe of Indians
in the State of Wisconsin.
The message also announced thatthe House
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tion, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (H. It. No. 2433) to amend an act
entitled "An act making a grant of laud to aid
in the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi river," approved July 23.18liS; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 482) relating
to au increase of conipsnsatiou to assistant
marshals of the ninth census.
EXUOLLKD BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had sif/ned the enrolled join! res-
olution (S. R. No. 17) au horiziug the sale of
the ChaWanooga rolling mill property at Chat-
tanooga, Tennessee, to the Southwestern Iron
Company ; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
HOUSE BILLS KEFERHED.
The VICE PRESIDENT. With the con-
sent of the Senator from Nevada, the Chair
will dispose of the business on his table, unless
it should give rise to debate.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 479) repeal-
ing the joint resolution approved July 15, 1870,
entitled "A joint resolution authorizing the
Postmaster General to adjust the accounts of
George Chorpenning," was lead twice by its
title.
Mr. WILSON. That resolution had better
be put on its passage at once.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it had better go to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it ought to go to
a committee.
The VICE PRESIDEN l1. It requires unan-
imous consent to consider the joint resolution
.at the present time. Two Senators desire it
to go to a committee.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think the best dispo-
sition of that resolution would be to send it
back to the House, with a message that they
were dealing with a matter over which they
had no jurisdiction. [Laughter.]
lhe VICE PRESIDENT. The question of
reference, however, has priority, and the Sen-
ator from Minnesota has moved its reference
to the Committee oo Post Offices aud Post
Reads.
