1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state more
precisely the state of the question. The reso-
lution which has been read was the resolution
which came from the Senate. The pending
question is on a substitute for that which has
been reported from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands. The Clerk will read the Printer's
number, and if required will read in full the
joint resolution as reported from the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
Mr. WELKER. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be read in full.
The joint resolution, as proposed to be
amended by the Committee on the Public
Lands, was read. It provides in its first sec-
tion that the grant of land heretofore made to
the State of Wisconsin by the acts approved
June 3, 1856, and May 5, 1864, to aid in build-
ing a railroad from St. Croix river or lake to
Superior and to Bayfield, be, and is hereby,
renewed and extended for the period of seven
years to the State of Wisconsin, for the use and
benefit of the railway companies designated by
said State in the year I860; such extension to
commence and date from May 5, 1860; all
lands to be conveyed by patents upon the same
terms and conditions as are contained in the
act granting land to the said State, approved
June 3,1856j provided that the word "min-
eral," when used in the preceding acts herein-
before referred to, shall not be held to include
coaloriron ; and provided further, that neither
of said railway companies shall be entitled to
the provisions of this resolution unless it shall
complete twenty miles of its road within eight-
een months from the date of the passage of
this resolution, and at the rate of twenty miles
a year thereafter until the same is finished.
And should any company to which this grant
may inure fail to build its road within the time
extended, that portion of said lands forwhich
such company shall not be entitled to patents
shall revert to the United States, and shall be
immediately placed in market and subject to
private entry, preemption, and homestead loca-
tion under existing laws, and the company or
Companies to which this grant may inure are
each hereby required to deposit with the
treasurer of Wisconsin, for the use of said
State, within sixty days from the passage of
this resolution, the sum of $50,000, in such
securities, national or State, as shall be satis-
factory to the Governor of said State; and if
either of said railway companies shall fail to
comply with the provisions of this resolution
the sum so deposited by such company shall be
forfeited to the State aforesaid; and as soon
as either of said railway companies shall have
constructed twenty miles of its road to the
satisfaction of the Governor of said State the
securities so deposited by it shall be returned
to such company; and should either of said
companies fail to comply with any of the
provisions of this resolution the said State of
Wisconsin may transfer the lands heretofore
and hereby granted, to which such company
would be entitled by a compliance with the
provisions of this resolution, to any other
company, on condition that such company to
which such transfer may be made shall deposit
$50,000, as aforesaid, within sixty days from
the date of such transfer; and that the grant for
said Bayfield line be, and the same is hereby,
extended to the town of St. Croix Falls upon
the same terms and conditions as if said exten-
sion had-been made part of the original and
supplemental grant; and that such grant is
made to said State for the benefit of said com-
pany designated for the construction of said line
from the town of St. Croix Falls to Bayfield.
The joint resolution provides, in its second
section, that the lauds granted by the act,
excepting only such as are necessary for the
company to reserve for depots, stations, side-
tracks. wood-yards, standing grounds, and
other needful uses in operating the road, and
timber and mineral land, shall be sold to actual
settlers only, and in quantities not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres to any one per-.
son, under such rules and restrictions as may
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior,
at such prices as will secure to said com-
panies, their successors or assigns, an aver-
age price of not more than $2 50 per acre
for such land actually certified for each com-
pleted section of twenty miles of said rail-
roads ; and to insure an enforcement of this
section it shall be the duty of the company
receiving the certificates from the Secretary of
the Interior as aforesaid, for the lands granted
in aid of the construction of the first section
of twenty miles of either of said railroads, and
within one year thereafter, to fix a price on
each one hundred and sixty acre tract de-
scribed in said certificate, excepting as therein-
before stated, in such manner and at such rates
that the average price of the whole amount
certified shall not exceed $2 50 per acre, and
report the same to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, exposing a copy of such report to the
public in the office of the secretary of such
company and in the district land office; and
any person actually settling upon said land, or
any Government subdivision thereof, shall
have the right to purchase, at the price so
fixed, any unsold parcel of said land upon
payment of said price within six months from
date of settlement; and on payment therefor
it shall be the duty of the secretary of such
company to make out duplicate certificates of
the sale under the seal of the company, send
one to the Secretary of the Interior, and deliver
the other to the purchaser; and it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
issue to such purchaser a patent for the land
described in his certificate, as in cases of land
sold by the United States. And the same
form of proceeding shall be observed with
respect to the lands certified by the Secretary
of the Interior on each succeeding completed
section of twenty miles of either line of said
railroads; provided that no certificate of
lands to such company or companies on any
completed section after the first shall be made
by the Secretary of the Interior until he shall
have received a report, as aforesaid, of the
price fixed on the land, certified for the next
preceding completed section of either of said
railroads.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Washbcm.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to occupy the attention of the House but for a
few moments on this bill. I have taken the
liberty to have placed upon the desks of mem-
bers a circular which truthfully and very briefly
states the facts of the case which have been
stated more at length by my friend from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Wilsox.] The bill reported is a
substitute for that which was first read at the
Clerk's desk, and I may state that it is iden-
tical with another bill on the Speaker's table
which has already passed the Senate. I think
there can be no objection to the passage of
this bill on the part of any gentleman, no mat-
ter what his views may be on the subject of
land grants generally. This is no new land
grant. It is a part of the original grant for
that portion of the road which has not as yet
been completed. The original grant was for a
railway from Madison, Wisconsin, by way of
St. Croix lake, to the west end of Lake Supe-
rior. Two hundred miles of that road are
already completed. Within twelve months it
will be to St. Croix. All we ask for now is
time to continue the extension from Lake St.
Croix to Lake Superior.
Mr. WELKER. 1 desire, right in this con-
nection, to ask the gentleman a question. I
want to ask the gentleman from Wisconsin how
long this original line was in miles; in the next
place, I want, to ascertain how many miles
of the railroad are uncompleted; and also how
j wide the land grant which was originally made
' in 1856 would be made by this addition?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I do not
know that lean answer all the gentleman's
questions. The length of the road was about
two hundred and fifty miles. Two hundred
miles of the road is already completed and is
in running order. The balance of the road is
already under contract. It is about one hun-
dred and fifty miles from Lake St. Croix to
Lake Superior, and one portion of that road
has been built. It runs through a wilderness
country, and a large amount of the lands upon
the road has already been sold at the double
price. I have seen a letter from the register
of the land office in the district, stating that a
large portion of the lands is already occupied
at that price.
_ Mr. WELKER. I desire to know the quan-
tity of land which the railroad company will
get—the number of acres.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I can
answer that question very easily.
IIEIES OF JETHUO WOOD.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, was delivered, requesting that
the House return to the Senate the bill (H. B.
No. 2361) entitled "An act for the relief of the
heirs of Jethro Wood, inventor of the modern
plow," sent to the House of Representatives
on the 14th day of July last, with the action of
the Senate rejecting the bill indorsed thereon.
On motion, it was ordered that the request
of the Senate be concurred in.
ST. CROIX AND BAYFIELD RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. As to
the last suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Welker,] as to this being to any
extenta new grant, I will state tohim precisely
the amount, if I can, although the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Wilsox] has the exact
figures.
Mr. WELKER. I will be glad if some one
will state it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The ori-
ginal grant was for a road from St. Croix river
to Lake Superior, one branch going to Bay-
field and one to Superior. This bill authorizes
the extension to St. Croix Palls, a difference
of twenty-five miles.
Mr. WELKER. To that extent this exten-
sion is a new grant.
Mr. ALLISON. It is all a new grant.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The gen-
tleman will perceive the importance of this ex-
tension to the people of the upper Mississippi
valley, opening up the line between the Missis-
sippi river and the lake; and those who know
something of the people who have been suf-
fering from the exorbitant rates charged for
freights would understand why we have so much
feeling on the subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. How much
time have I left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has thirty-
seven minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I promised
to yield a time to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. I doubt very much if the
House understands the question which is be-
fore us. I am very sure that, its attention has
not been drawn to the transaction. I desire
to say, so far as I am personally concerned,
that I believe that if gentlemen understood this
bill, and what it provides for, they would all vote
against it. It is but a continuation of a swin-
dling system, by which the public lands of the
Government of the United States have been
given away to private corporations, in disregard
of the public interests and of the rights of the
tax-payers of this country. Sir, this pretended
renewal is simply an entirely new grant. _ The
original grant was forfeited by the non-action of
the State of Wisconsin in reference to building
the railroad provided for in the original meas-
ure. This bill provides not only that those
interested in the original grant shall be placed
where they were by that grant, but that an
additional grant shall also he given to them. ^
I desire merely to call theattention of mem bet s
to what Congress has already done in this regard.
To fourteen roads in the States of Michigan.
