22
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
Wisconsin, and Minnesota, and to the Terri-
tory of Dakota,'6,514,291 acres of land have
been given. In the southern States the grants
of land have reached the amount of 4,288,646
acres. In the trans-Missouri region and the
Pacific coast the grants of land amount to
5,992,066 acres. Estimating the additional
grant to the North Pacific railroad at 12,000,000
acres, we shall have a total area covered by
railroad grants of 28,745,003 acres. In addi-
tion, the land grant for the Atlantic and Pacific
railroad, 42,000,000 acres, may be properly
charged to this Congress. That, sir, is what
this Congress has already done in this regard.
And here, upon the very threshold of this
session, when our tables are loaded down with
schemes of all kinds, and of every name and
nature, to draw money from the Treasury, to
obtain lands from the Government, for sub-
sidies, and for other purposes not proper to
be mentioned here, we have this proposition
pressed upon us. I desire that we may meet
this question fairly and boldly, so that if there
is any combination in this House to pass these
schemes through over and against the remon-
strance of the President, and in opposition to
the interests of the people, we may understand
it now. Those who vote in favor of this
scheme, in my judgment may justly be charged
with being interested in a grand conspiracy to
carry these measures through Congress.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I now yield
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,]
the chairman of the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. This is a substitute for a
Senate bill upon the same subject. It provides
that the lands to be granted shall be sold to
settlers only, and in limited quantities, and for
a price not exceeding, on an average, §2 50 per
acre. In this respect it regards the rights of
settlers; and as to the policy of doing this, it
has the support of the President of the United
States, very emphatically given in l^s message
of yesterday. But that provision m favor of
the rights of settlers itself contains an excep-
tion in reference to the timber lands. If the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wilson] will
allow me, I desire to move an amendment, to
strike from the proviso the word "timber,"
so that not only the prairie lands but the tim-
ber lands shall be reserved for sale to actual
settlers only, in limited quantities and at a lim-
ited maximum price. I see no reason in the
world why that principle should not apply to
timbered as well as to untimbered lands, and
1 cannot support this bill unless that amend-
ment shall be made to it.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I desire to ask one ques-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on the
Public Lands, [Mr. Julias.] There seems to
be a conflict 
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I cannot yield
for any such purpose.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Then I desire to ask
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wilson]
si question.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I trust the
gentleman will wait till I have the floor and am
speaking.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a question when he shall have the
floor?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I have now
yielded to the chairman of the Committee on the
Public Lands, [Mr. Julian,] and I have prom-
ised to yield to another gentleman.
Mr. JULIAN. I only wish to state that I
desire to offer this amendment, and do offer it
it' I have the right to do so. I suppose that as
chairman of the committee I have the right to
resume the floor for the purpose of making that
motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot do
■so without the consent of the gentleman hav-
ing charge of the bill, who has all the rights
of the chairman of the committee, so far as
this bill is concerned.
Mr. JULIAN. I yielded to the gentleman to
report the bill. Have I not the right to move
this amendment?
The SPEAKER. The only person kpown
to the Chair as having charge of the bill is the
member from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilsox.]
Mr. JULIAN. Then I ask the gentleman
whether he will allow me to offer that amend-
ment, so that the House may vote upon it?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Before I get
through I will state my views with reference to
that proposition, but I do not yield at present.
Mr. JULIAN. I simply desire the gentle-
man to answer the question whether he wiil
allow me to offer the amendment ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. At present I
do not yield.
Mr. JULIAN. Then I give notice to the
House that I will offer the amendment if at
any stage of the bill it becomes in my power
to do so under the rules; and I shall oppose
the bill unless the amendment be admitted.
The SPEAKER. It will be within the
power of the gentleman from Indiana to offer
the amendment should the House refuse to
second the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Minneiota. The gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] desires
to offer an amendment, which I will hear read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following as a new section :
And be it further enacted, That there be, and here-
by is, granted to the State of New Hampshire, to aid
in the construction of a railroad trom Concord to
Rochester,- also from Nashua to Rochester; and also
from Wakefield to Conway, in said State, ten sections
of land per mile for each mile of said railroads to be
constructed by said State, or such company or com-
panies as may bedesignated bysaid State; said lands
to be selected by said State from the public lands of
theUoited States open to entry and not appropriated
by settlers or others by title complete or inchoate;
said lands to be granted and patented to said State
or its assignees in installments of one hundred and
twenty sections, when each section of twenty miles
of said road or roads is completed as a first-class rail-
road or railroads; and the whole and residue when-
ever said road or roads shall be so fully completed :
Provided, That twenty miles of each of said roads
shal 1 be completed within three years from the passage
of this act, and the whole thereof within ten years:
And proviaed/urther. That the lands hereby granted,
as soon as paten ted to said State or its assignees, shall
be put into market through agencies or offices in the
vicinity of and convenient to said lands, and shall
be sold to actual settlers only, in quantities not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres to any one
individual and at a price not exceeding $2 50 per
acre.
Mr. ELA. I would like to make a brief
statement in reference to that amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I yield to the
gentleman for three minutes.
Mr. ELA. I desire to say that the lines of
railroad which my amendment proposes to aid
form important links of travel, and will fur-
nish much shorter communication between the
West and the Atlantic ocean than is afforded
by any of the existing routes. One of these
roads passes through the finest granite sec-
tion that is to be found upon the continent.
And I think this section would furnish gran-
ite to finish the custom-house at St. Paul much
more cheaply than it can be furnished by the
State of Minnesota. Hence that State is
greatly interested in having these roads built,
that a cheap and speedy communication may
be established, and that the great public works
in the West may be completed with substan-
tial material. I wish to say further, Mr,
Speaker, that timber is becoming scarce in
our section of the country. I understand that
this proposed road is to run through one of
the finest timber sections of the continent,
where to-day land is worth twenty-five dollars
an acre. The establishment of this railroad
line will place us in connection with those fine
timber lands, so that a great want of our
manufacturing industries may be supplied.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Minnesota permit the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Ela] to be
offered?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I decline to
do so unless he will agree to take alternate
sections. I yield to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lawrence.]
_ Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that by the ori-
ginal act granting lands to this railroad com-
pany mineral lands were reserved from the
grant. By the joint resolution now before the
House it is proposed to grant to this railroad
company the coal and iron lands.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will say
to my friend that there is not a pound of coal
included in the grant; that has been struck out.
I hope the gentleman would not strike out
iron ore, base metal of no value till labor is
expended upon it. That there is some iron
ore within the limits of the grant I have no
doubt.
Mr. LAWRENCE. It is proposed, then,
to give to this railroad company the iron lands.
I think we ought to reserve these iron lands to
the Government, and allow them to be sold to
actual settlers or to companies that will im-
prove them. I can see no good reason why
they should be given to this railroad company.
And I wish to call attention to another fact.
This joint resolution reserves from sale to actual
settlers the timber lands to be granted to this
company. These, as I understand, are among
the most valuable "lands, and they are reserved
to this company and may be sold at any figure
the company may choose to put on them. In-
deed I am told by a gentleman who professes
to understand the value of these lands that
many of them are worth from fifteen to twenty-
five dollars an acre. This is a grant, Mr.
Speaker, the value of which is far greater, I
apprehend, than that made to any railroad
company to which a grant has been maue.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I wish
to say a word right here. It is true that a
large portion of these lands are timber lundp;
but the timber is hard limber, not one acre
in twenty being pine lands, the balance being
hard wood lands, lands hard to subdue and dif-
ficult of access without a railroad. We have no
objection to amending the joint resolution so
that the hard-timber lands shall be open to
settlement, and those are the lands, if any.
which are susceptible of settlement and will
be cultivated.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I am glad I have driven
the gentleman from two points.
Mr. WASHBORN, of Wisconsin. We wish
to concede everything possible, so as to make
the joint resolution agreeable to every one.
# Mr, LAWRENCE. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to another fact about this
proposition. It provides that the land shall
be sold to actual settlers upon terms which
shall secure an average price of S2 50 an
acre; but the most valuable lands may be
put up to fifteen, twenty-five, or forty dollars
an acre, and leave only a portion of refuse
lands which will be unsold, so that practically
this provision securing the lands to actual set-
tlers is of no value to them at all. My idea
would be to substitute the provision which I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read, so that
the maximum price of the lands secured to
actual settlers shall be only §2 50 an acre,
and as much below that as the company would
be bound to sell them at in order to effect a
sale.
The Clerk read as follows :
And be it further enacted. That all land* which n:y
be granted under this act shall be sold and convoyed
by the railroad company herein named to actual set-
tlers only, in amounts not exceeding ono quarter
section to any one settler, and at a price not exceed-
ing Si 50 an aero, under such regulations as may be
prescribed by the Secretary of tile lutonor.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, the prin-
ciple involved in that amendment 
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Is not the
gentleman's time up?
Mr. LAWRENCE. One moment more.
The SPEAKER. The gent h- man's time has
expired,
Mr. LAWRENCE. The principle embodied
in that amendment is one repeatedly indorsed
by Congress. It is esseniial to the interests
of the country through which this road is to
