848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Mr. FOWLER presented a petition of en-
velope manufacturers, printers, and station-
ers, praying that the manufacture of stamped
envelopes be discontinued; which was referred
to th° Committee on Post Offices and Post
lioaas.
Mr. CORBETT presented the petition of J.
8. Underbill, assignee of C. W. Whitney, pray-
ing compensation for building tbe iron-clad
battery KeOkuk daring the late war; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
* Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2104) to amend an act entitled "An act
imposing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes," approved June 20,
1868, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
11. Cruikshank, of the District of Columbia,
asking compensation for loss of property by
Union troops, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (3. No. 1281) for tbe relief of
R. Cruikshank, of the District of Columbia.
The bill was read and passed" to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2718) for the
relief of Mrs. Polly W. Cotton, submitted an
adverse report thereon, which was ordered to
be printed; and moved the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill, which was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Mines and Mining, to whom was referred the
bill (8. No. 1103) to define and protect the
rights of miners and to encourage the develop-
ment of mines, reported it with an amend-
ment-
Mr. HOWELL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 480) for the relief of Zenas C.
Robbing, late register of wills for the county
of Washington and District of Columbia, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee o&
Claims: which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred tbe bill (S. No. 129)
for the relief of Simon Gersman, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefiuite
postponement; which was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask leave, without pre-
vious notice, to introduce a bill touching the
registration of electors, which I desire to have
printed and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, I wish to state that 1 have not read
the bill entirely through myself; it wag not
prepared by me nor under my direction ; but I
introduce it in order that the subject may be
brought to the attention of the committee,
without committing myself to all the provis-
ions of the bill.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1282) further to
preserve the purity of elections and guard
against the abuses of the elective franchise by
registration of electors ; which was read twice
by its title, reterred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
moas consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1288) to establish ocean steamship
lines for the transportation of the mail between
the United States and foreign .countries, and
for other purposes; which was read twice by
title, referred to tbe Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TIPTON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent-obtained, leave to introduce a biM (S. No.
J284).forthe relief of H. B. Denman, super-
intendent of Indian affairs; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Indian Af&irs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr; CoRBETr asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1285) for the relief of Jeronimus H.
Underhill, of New York; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be pfinted.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed
to the bill (H. R. No. 2324) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1872; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted an amendment,
intended to be proposed by him to the Post
Office appropriation bill when it shall have
reached the Senate; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
He also submitted an amendment, intended
to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No. 2524)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1872; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS. I submit ao amendment that I
propose to offer to the Iiidisin appropriation
bill, fbr the appropriation of $15,000 to run
the State line between the State of Kansas and
the Indian territory. I move its reference to
the Committee on Appropriations, and that it
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask that, by unani-
mous consent, Tuesday of next week be set
apart for tbe consideration of business of the
District of Columbia.
The VICJB PRESIDENT. Tuesday of next
week has been already set apart for the con-
sideration of reports from the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. PATTERSON. Then I will say Wednes-
day.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire asks consent that Wednesday
of next week may be set apart for the consid-
eration of District of Columbia business. Is
there objection? The Chair hears none, and it
is so ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 2906) for the recovery
of damages for the loss of the sloop-of-war
Oneida;
A bill (H. II. No. 2007) extending the pro-
visions of the agricultural college act to the
State of Mississippi; and
A bill (H. Ii. No. 2309) to enable J. H.
Sehnell, of California, to enter and pay for a
section of public land in California for his tea
colony.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating a copy of a letter of the Gov-
ernor of South Carolina relative to outrages
committed upon citizens of the United States
resident in that State; which was referred to
the select committee on the subject of alleged
outrages in the South, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of War, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
13th instant, a report of the chief engineer of
the United States Army in relation to the pro-
gress of the improvement of the Cape Fear
river, in North Carolina; which was referred
to thejDommittee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
■ senators from georgia.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask the consentof the
Senate to take up and consider at this time the
bill for the relief of the heirs of Colonel Uriah
Forrest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois has declined to yield for anything
except morning business. If there are no
Senate resolutions, the morning business is
now concluded, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday, being the resolution reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary in regard to
the right to a seat of Joshua Hill as Senator
from Georgia, the question being upon the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stewart,] upon which the Senator from
Nevada is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I have no
desire whatever to prolong this discussion
beyond what may be necessary to place the
case before the Senate. I shall be as brief tis
possible. I am fully convinced that I am
right; and the more I hear the matter dis-
cussed the more I am fixed in that conviction.
The Speech of the very able Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Carpenter,] it seems to me,
ought to convince almost any one that he was
on the wrong side of the question. A cause
that involved the maintenance of such propo-
sitions as he undertook to maintain must be a
bad cause.
The three main propositions which he under-
took to defend were:
1. That if a Legislature existed in Georgia
in 1868 for any purpose it did for every purpose.
2. That a member of the Legislature was
not an officer within the meaning of the third
section of the fourteenth amendment; and
that therefore the Legislature of Georgia was
under no obligation to exclude persons dis-
qualified under that amendment because they
were not officers.
3. That the act of December 22, 1809, would
be a proper act for the State of New York or
any of the loyal States.
These are the propositions which the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin undertook to maintain.
As to the first proposition, that the Legisla
ture, if such for one purpose must have been
a Legislature for every purpose, I undertake
to say that there is nothing whatever in that
proposition. The Legislatures under the John-
son governments were Legislatures for some
purposes. They were Legislatures that regu-
lated the finances. They carried on their en-
tire machinery of government there for years,
and you have not set their action aside: it still
exists. You simply exercised paramount con-
trol, through the military, to keep order and
to promote reconstruction; but you did not
interfere with their local laws. You admitted
by your treatment of them that they were
Legislatures for certain purposes and not for
others. You said that they were not Legisla-
tures for the purpose of electing Senators, but
they were for the purpose of passing laws to
regulate the probate of wills, &c. That has
been the theory.
There may be a de facto government in a
State, which the people of the 8tat6 are bound
to obey, there being no other, which they do
obey, and which you subsequently recognized
as you did the Johnson governments, without
recognizing the right of representation. That
is most clear. That, I think, is too well settled
to need further comment. The question here
is whether the Legislature that elected Mr.
Hill tvas a Legislature de jure in the high-
est sense of the term, that sense which means
not only a Legislature that can attend to its
domestic affairs, but a Legislature and a State
organization in practical relations with the
Union. That is what is meant by a Legisla-
ture that can elect a Senator. So I say it may
be a Legislature for some purposes, and you
may tolerate it as a provisional Legislature.
Its acts may be recognized as binding, withont
conceding tbe fact that it is a Legislature de
