24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
ask permission to offer the amendment I have
indicated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. The
friends of this measure propose to allow this
bill to be amended so as to have the provision
referred to apply to hard timber lands, reserv-
ing only the pine timber lands along the line of
the road.^ I state here, from my personal
knowledge of this region of country, that there
are nine acres of hard timber to one of pine
timber lands along this route. We are willing
to have the amendment apply to the hard tim-
ber lands, which is the only class of timber
lands which settlers desire.
Mr. JULIAN. I move toamend the second
section of this substitute by striking out the
words "timber and" before the words "min-
eral landso that the section will read:
That the lands granted by this act, excepting only
such as are necessary for the company to reserve for
depots, stations, side-tracks, wood-yards, standing-
grounds, and other needful uses in operating the
road, and mineral land, shall be sold to actual set-
tlers only, and in quantities not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres to any one person, <Scc.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move to
amend the portion proposed to be stricken out
by inserting the word "pine" before the word
"timber;" so that the section will read, "and
pine timber and mineral land shall be sold,"
&c. And now I call the previous question on
the bill arid pending amendments.
Mr. ELA. Will the gentleman allow me to
offer my amendment?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Of course I
cannot.
Mr. ELA. Then, as the gentleman will not
allow New Hampshire to have a fair share of
these lands, I move that the bill and pending
amendments be laid upon the table.
Mr. WINANS. And upon that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 77,
not voting 65: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Barnuin,
Beatty, Benton, Biggs, Bingham. Bird,Bowen, James
Brooks, Burehard, Burr, Sidney Clarke,Coburn, Con-
ner, Cook, Cox, Crebs, Culloin, Joseph Dixon, Duval,
Ela, Ferriss. Finkelnburg. Fox, Garfield, Getz.Gris-
wold, Haldeman. Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Hill.
Thomas L.Jones. Kellogg, Knapp, Lawrence, Mar-
shall, May ham, McCarthy, McGrew, McNeely, Mer-
cnr, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Morgan,
Morphis, Morrissey.Mnnsen, Myers, Niblack.O'Neiil,
Orth. Packard. Packer. Perce, Phelps, Potter, Pros-
per, Randall. Beeves, Sargent, Schumaker, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Stoughton, Stra-
der, Strong, Swann, Taylor, Tyner, Upson, Van
Trump, Van Wyck, Welker, "Wells, Willard, Wil-
liams, Eugene M. Wilson, Winans. Winchester,
Witeber, U ood, and Woodward—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Asper, At-
wooii, Axteli, Ayer, Banks.Beaman, Bennett, Blair,
Boles, Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks. Buffinton,
Burdett, Roderick K. Butler, Churchill, William T.
Clark, Aioasa Cobb, Conger, Covode, Cowles, Dege-
nor, Xathan F. Dixon, Do_x, Eldridge, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Fisher, Gibson, Gilfillan, Hamilton, Hoar,
Hooper, Jenekes, Johnson, Kelsey,Ketcham,Laflin
Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCrary, Me-
Kenzie.Jiilnes, Morey, Daniel J. Morrell, Negley,
rame. Peck, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Koot«
Santord, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scofield, Lionel A. Shel-
don.William J.Smith.Worthington C. Smith, Stokes,
Strickland, Xaffe, lanner, TiiIman, Townsend,
iwicaoil. Van Horn, Wallace, CadwaladerC. Wash-
ba^mW,te™-°';e: Wilkinson, and Wolf—77.
piOi VQIING Messrs. Adams, Ames, Bailev,
Barry, Beck, Benjamin. Buck, Buckley, Benjamin V.
Butler, Cake, Calkm, Cessna, Cleveland, Clinton L.
Cobb, Darrall, l>awes, Dickey. Dickinson, Dockery,
Donley, Duke, Dyer. Fitch, Haight, Hale, Hamble-
ton, Hams, Ilawley, Hays, Ileflin, Iloge, ilolman.
Holmes, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Julian Kcllev, Kerr. Knott, Lash, Lewis,
McCormick.MeKee, Jesse H. Moore, Samuel P. Mor-
rill, Newshaia. Palmer, Peters, Pace, Rogers, Sher-
rod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Stone, Sweeney, Sy-
fth?&1EVnb,0sYr?'n Auken. Voorhees,Ward,William
B. Washburn, Wheeler,and Joha X. Wilton—65.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I desire to
enter a motion to reconsider the vote just
taken.
Mr. KANDA LL. I move to lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. And upon that
I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Does not a motion to recon-
sider and lay upon the table, according to par-
liamentary rule, belong in thi3 ease to the
opponents of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Wilson] voted with the ma-
jority, which gives him a right to move a recon-
sideration. As the motion to reconsider is not
debatable, it can make no difference to the
House who submits it.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to kill this bill
right out.
The question was upon ordering the yeas
and nays; and being taken, they were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. Has not the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The question of recon-
sideration, being privileged, is not affected by
the morning hour.
The question was taken on the motion to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider; and
it was decided in the negative—yeas 82, nays
83, not voting 68 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Beatty,
Benton, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James Brooks, Bur-
ehard, Burr, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Conner, Cook,
Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Darrall, Duval, Ela, Ferriss,
Finkelnburg, Garfield, Getz, Griswold, Haldeman,
Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Hill. Thomas L. Jones, Ivnapp,
Lawrence, Marshall, Mayham, McCarthy, McGrew,
McNeel.v, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, William
Moore, Morgan,Morrissey, Mungen,Myers,Niblack,
O'Neill,Orth, Packard, Packer, Phelps, Potter, Pros-
ser. Randall, Reeves, Sargent, Schumaker, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, Stark-
weather. Stevenson, Stiles, Strader, Strong, Swann,
Taylor, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Wil-
liam B.Washburn. Welker, Weils, Wil lard, Williams,
Winans, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Armstrong, Asper, Atwood, Axteli,
Ayer, Banks.Beaman, Bennett, Blair, Boles, Booker,
Boyd,George M.Brooks.Bnfiinton, Burdett, Roderick
R. Butler.Churchill, WilliamT. Clark, Amasa Cobb,
Conger, Covode,Cowles, Degener, Nathan F. Dixon,
Eldridge, Farnsworth,Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Gilfillan,
Hale, Hamilton, Hoar, Hooper, Jenekes, Johnson,
Judd, Julian, Keiley, LaSin, Loughridge, Maynard,
McCormick, McCrary, MeKee, McKenzie, Morey,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Negley, Paine, Palmer,
Peek, Perce, Poland. Pomeroy, Porter, Roots, San-
ford, Sawyer. Sehenck, Scofield, Lionel A, Sheldon,
Sherrod, William J. Smith, Worthmgtou C. Smith,
Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Strickland,Taffe,
Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Twiehel], Van Horn,
Wallace, CadwaladerC. Washburn, Whitmore,Wil-
kinson, Eugene M. "Wilson, and Wolf—83.
NOP \ OfING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Bailey, Barnum, Barry, Beck. Benjamin, Bowen,
Buck, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Calkin,
Cessna, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Dawes, Dickey,
Dickinson, Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Donley. Dox,
Duke.Dyer, Fox,Gibson, Haight, Uambleton, Harris,
Hawley.Hays, Hefiin,Hoge,Holmes, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Kellogg, Kel-
sey, Kerr. Ketcham, Knott, Lash, Lewi3, Logan,
Lynch, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Samuel P. Morrill,
A ewsham,Peters,Piatt,Rice, Rogers, Shober, Joseph
S. Smith, Sweeney, Sypher, Trimble, Van Auken,
Voorhees, \V ard. Wheeler, John T, Wilson, and
W itcher—68.
So the House refused to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to recommit the
. bill.
i The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
!| order pending the motion to reconsider, which
: ("is a privileged question. The question is*, "Will
the House reconsider the vote whereby it laid
ji the bill on the table?"
;| Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker,
:i I ask 
TheSPBAKER. The question is notdebat-
;i able.
:! Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Would it not
; be in order for me to move to make the bill a
;! special order?
: Mr. SCHENCK. I suggest that the bill be
allowed to go over.
; The SPEAKER. That can be done by gen-
I eral consent only. j
1 Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. If in order I
;! will move to make the bill a special order for i
" a future day. j
'! The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot, do I
that; but the House may postpone the further i
consideration of the pending motion to reeon- I
eider.
Mr,.IlAND ALL. I make the motion to post-
pone the further consideration of this motion.
The SPEAKER. To what day?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not name any day.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman moves
an indefinite postponement.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to postpone with-
out naming a day.
The SPEAKER. The motion now pending
presents the same issue.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Can I not
submit a motion to postpone the further con-
sideration of the motion until a designated day?
The SPEAKER. That ean be done.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 would suggest the last
Thursday of February.
The SPEAKER. What day does the gen-
tleman from Minnesota suggest?
Several Members. The 4th of March.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I move that
the further consideration of the pending motion
be postponed till the second Tuesday of Janu-
ary, after the morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend the
motion so as to name the last Thursday in
February.
.Mr. SCHENCK. I move a further amend-
ment, to name next Tuesday for the considera-
tion of this motion.
The SPEAKER. There is already pending
an amendment to an amendment. The prop-
osition of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schen'CK,] being an amendment in the third
degree, cannot be entertained.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I am willing
to withdraw my proposition and to accept the
motion ot' the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr,
Sche.yck.]
Mr. RANDALL. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can mod-
ify his motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Make it
Tuesday of next week.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will modify
my motion so as to postpone the further con-
sideration of this jointresolution untilTuesday
next after the morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the yeas and
nays on the amendment I have submitted.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—jeas82, nays 87, not voting 64;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arnell, Beatty,
Benton. Biggs,Bingham, Bird, James Brooks. Bur-
ehard, Burr, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Co-
burn, Conner, Cox,Crebs, Cullom, Darrall, Donley,
Duval, Ela, Ferriss, Finkelnburg, Garfield, Getz,
Griswold. llaldeman, Hamill, Hay, Hill, Alexander
H. Jones,Thomas L. Jones. Knapp, Lawrence, Mar-
shall, Mayham, McCai thy, McUi ew, MeNeely, Mer-
cur, Eliakim H. More, William Moore, Morgan,
Mungen, Myers, Xiblaek, O'Neill. Orth. Packard,
Packer, Phelps, Potter, Prosser, Randall, Reeves,
Schumaker, Shanks, Slocum, John A.Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stiles, Stone. Strader, Strong,
Swann, Taylor, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Van
Wyck, William B. Washburn, Welker, Well*, Whit-
more. V.'illard. Williams, "Winans, Winchester,
Witeber, and Wood—8-.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Asper, At-
wood, Axteli, Ayer, Banks, Beaman, Bennett. Blair,
Boles, Booker, Bowen, Boyd. George M. Brooks,
Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick t',
Butlor, Churchill, Amasa Cobb, Conger, Cook, Co-
vode, Cowles. Degener, Dickey, Nathan P. Dixon,
Eldridge. Ferry, Fisher. Fitch, Gilfillan, Hale, Haw-
kins, Hoar, llo'mes, llooper. Jenekes, Johnson,
Judd, Julian, Keiley, Kellogg, Kotcliam, Lnflin,
Loughridge, Lynch, Maynard, McCormick, McKee,
McKenzie, Milnes, Morey, Morphis, Daniel ,1.Mor-
rell, Paine, Palmer, Peek, Perce, Piatt, Poland.
Pomeroy, Porter, Sanford, Sawyer, Schenek, Sco-
field, Lionel A. Sheldon. Sherrod, William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton,
Strickland, Taffe, Tanner. Tillman, Towusend.
| Twiehell, Van Horn, Wallace,Cadwulader C Wasb-
| burn..Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, ami Woli—87.
NOT VOTIMJ — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Baiby,
Barnum, Barry. Bock, Benjamin, Buck, Buckley,
Cake, Calkin, Cessna, Cleveland, Clioton L. Uobb,
Dawes, Dickinson. Joseph Dixon, Duelccry, Dox,
Duke, Dyer,Farnsworth, Fox Gibson, Haight. Haui-
bleton, Hamilton, Harris, llawlej, Hajs. ileflin,
Hoge, Jlolmao, Hotchkiss, Ingiosoll, Keisey, Kerr.
Ivnott.Lash. Lewis.Logan, McCrary, Jesse H. Moore,
i^amuel P. Momli, \iorri-M.y, Xeglry, ewsham,
Peters, Bice, Roger.*, Hoot--, Sargent. Parlor Sheldon,
Shober, Joseph ,s. Smith, Sweeney, Sypher, Trimble,
van Auken, Voorhees, Ward, Wheeler, John X.
Wilson, and Woodward—01.
