■ '-jm,}'.
\
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
,<yi -   ,
side that" the nrol>osition contained in the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary is
so clear as thqy claim it to be; that it is so
■ free from douM that all opposition to it is to
"be treate'd su"fightly as it seems to hare been
in this discussion. What is the proposition ?
When we came together in December, 1869,
Georgia,by her representatives, was here ask-
ing admission for those representatives into
the two Houses of Congress; but we were in-
formed that she was not in a condition to be
entitled to representation. Why? It was said
that her people had formed a constitution
under the reconstruction aets; that under that
constitution State officers and a Legislature
had been elected; that that Legislature had
organized, passed various laws, transacted
other business, and elected Senators to the
Congress of the United States. Why, then,
should she not be admitted to representation
here?
We were told by our friends, those who are
now advocating the admission of Mr. Hill as
a member of this body, that Georgia was not
in a condition to be represented; that that
thingdown there which was called aLegislatnre
was a revolutionary, illegal organization; that
its election of a Senator in the Congress of
the United States was not to be recognized,
and that he should not be admitted. This we
heard from the Senators who to-day are advo-
cating his admission; from the Senators who
prepared, introduced, and assisted in passing
through this body the act of the 22d of Decem-
ber, 1869. Sir, if they were right then they
are wrong now, it seems to me. There is, in
my judgment, no consistency in the course that
those gentlemen are pursuing, if they will allow
me to say so.
When we were informed that this Legisla-
ture was a revolutionary body members of the
Senate undertook to examine that question
and find out what the facts were, so as to de-
termine whether Georgia was entitled to rep-
resentation ornot. Wealso looked into the acts
of Congress upon the subject, to see whether
we had control of the transactions in Georgia;
and we found in the a>ct of March 2, 1867, that
until the State of Georgiaand other States were
admitted to representation in Congress their
organizations were to be regarded as provisional
and that Congress had the right to supervise
their action. The language of the sixth sec-
tion of the act of March 2,1867, is as follows:
" That until the people of said rebel States shall
be by law admitted to representation in the Congress
of the United States, any civil governments which
may exist therein shall be deemed provisional only,
and in allrespectssubjectto the paramount author-
ity of the United States at any time to abolish,
modify, control, or supersede the same."
Looking into that law we believed that we
had a right to examine what was being trans-
acted in Georgia, and we did do so. And what
were the facts? We found that under their
constitution a Legislature had been elected;
that it met on the 4th of July, 1868, and was
represented on the 8th day of that month as
being organized;, that it transacted some busi-
ness ; that on the 28th or 29th of the same
month it went into an election for Senators in
Congress, and things proceeded smoothly until
the 3d of September, when the majority pro-
ceeded to turn out a large number of mem-
bers—twenty-six, I believe,of the house of rep-
resentatives, and two of the senate—on account
of their race or color. Upon further exam-
ination it was found—and that fact has been
specially disclosed by the action in the reorgan-
ization in January, 1870—that there were from
sixteen to twenty persons is that Legislature
who were ineligible under the provisions of
the aet of Congress of June 25, 1868, which
required that the members of that body should
be qualified according to the third section of
the fourteenth article of the amendments to
the Constitution, which was then proposed.
While that amendment was not in force of
itself at that time, yet that act by its terms
made it the law of that particular, case, and
those members were bound to qualify accord-
ing to the provisions of the third section of
that proposed article of amendment to the
Constitution.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him a moment? That act required
them to take an oath extending quite beyond
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. BOREMAN. Theactof June 25,1868?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, quite beyond it.
Mr. BOREMAN. That may be so. It
matters not to the argument I am making
whether that "be so or not, but I think the
Senator is mistaken as to the act of June 25,
1868. The oath to which he alludes was pro-
vided for by the act of December 22, 1869.
But if the Senator be eorrect, it makes the
case worse and the argument which I shall
proceed to make stronger. I say it has sub-
sequently been shown by the transactions
under the aet of December 22,1869, that there
were from sixteen to twenty persons who were
disqualified under the provisions of the four-
teenth amendment.
These were the facts upon which the Con-
gress of the United States, in 1869, proceeded
to the passage of the act to which I have re-
ferred. They decided upon these facts that
that Legislature was not a legally constituted
body. I know onr friends on the opposite side
deny that they intended to convey any such
idea by the phraseology of the act of the 22d
of December, 1869; but if I understand at all
the language employed in that act, there can
be no other inference from it than that the
first Legislature not merely became a revolu-
tionary body, but that it had no legal organ-
ization ab initio; that its whole organization
was void from the beginning; that it had not
merely become a revolutionary body, but that
it was so from the beginning, usurping powers
which it had no right to do, transacting busi-
ness which ought to have no force, and which
ought not to be regarded as having any validity
whatsoever.
This cannot be avoided or evaded. Those
who drafted the act of December 22, 1869, may
attempt to give it such construction as they
choose: but here is the language which they
put upon the statute-book, and they cannot
get rid of that language, and if it means any-
thing, I repeat, it means that that Legislature
never was properly organized.
_ What do they do in this act? They do not
simply go to the revolutionary acts and require
the Legislature to restore the members whom
they, had expelled and to remove those who
were disqualified, but they go back to the very
organization and they say that Legislature were
not organized at all: they require them to elect
officers. If that Legislature were properly
organized at first, and all their transactions
were right and proper up to the 3d of S ptem-
ber, 1868, why shall they be required to go
back and reorganize and elect the speaker of
the house and the president of the senate and
all the necessary officers for the organization ?
I will read the language. The subject of re-
organizing the Legislature is mentioned twice
in the act of December 22, 1869. The first
section says:
" That the-Governor of the State of Georgia be,
and hereby is, authorized and directed, forthwith,
by proclamation, to summon all persons elected to
the General Assembly of said State, as appears by
the proclamation of George G. Meade, the general
commanding the military district including the State
of Georgia, dated June 25,1868, to appear on some
day certain, to be named in said proclamation, at
Atlanta, in said State; and thereupon the said Gen-
eral Assembly of said State shall proceed to perfect
its organization in conformity with the Constitution
and laws of the United States, according to the pro-
visions of this act."
That is the first provision on the subject.
The next section proceeds to set forth how this
organization is to take place, by the adminis-
tering of certain oaths and so on. Not satis-
fied with that, however, there is a specific
declaration in another section, which I will
read, as to how this organization shall take
place. The act does not say simply thai they
shall proceed to reorganize, as the langnage
which I have quoted would seem to imply,
but it goes beyond that and says they shall
elect their officers in each house. Let me read
the words:
" Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted. That the perrons
elected as aforesaid, and entitled to compose such
Legislature, and who shall comply with the pro-
visions of this act, by taking one of the oaths oi
affirmations above prescribed, shall thereupon pro-
ceed, in such senate and house of representatives
to which they have been elected respectively, to re-
organize said senate and house of representatives
respectively, by the election and Qualification of the
proper officers of each house."
Why elect the proper officers of each house
if they had been properly elected when that
Legislature was originally organized ? Why go
through this thing if the organization was all
right in the first instance ? Yet the same gen-
tlemen who introduced this act, after the pas-
sage of this law requiring the officers of the
Legislature to be elected, come here and tell
us to-day that the officers here referred to were
properly elected, elected by a proper Legisla-
ture ; elected by a Legislature which was prop-
erly constituted. Why repeat this performance
if they were properly organized originally ? It
was only necessary that Congress should have
required that the illegal members should be
expelled, and that those who were properly
qualified and had been expelled by that body
sliould be restored. If that was all the diffi-
culty, if that was all the revolution there was
in this transaction, if that was all the usurpa-
tion , that could very easily have been remedied
by a section or two of law setting forth what
was to be done. But, sir, my friends on the
other side do not stop at that; they require
this Legislature to go back and do over what
they claim was once done legally and properly.
1 say to my friends on the other side that
this is not logic: that this, is not consistency,
according to my judgment. If we were right
in passing the act of the 22d of December,
1869, we held that that Legislature was nol
properly organized for any purpose whatso-
ever ; that it was simply a congregation of
men got together without any legal and proper
organization, and who attempted to trausact
business which they claimed to be legal and
constitutional, but which I say we, by this act,
repudiated.
I voted for the act of December 22, 1869,
and I have been voting in the same way from
that time until the present; and I expect to
continue to vote in that direction, not simply to
be consistent, as I have said heretofore,' but
because I believe it_ is right. There was a
Legislature with from sixteen to twenty men
who were not qualified to be members of it.
If they had been out and the proper mem-
bers in, there would have been a difference of
from thirty to forty in that Legislature. Subse-
quently, to carry out a purpose which no doubt
existed from the time that Legislature met on
the 4th of July, they removed from their halls
twenty-eight men who had been legally and
properly elected, making a difference agaiuof
fifty-six. Adding these together there would
be a difference of eighty or ninety in the organ-
ization of that body.
The expulsion of the colored members, I
claim from the facts of this case, was intended
from the beginning. It was no afterthought;
it was in the minds of those men from the be-
ginning. But they intended to elect members
to the Senate of the United States before they
Undertook this revolutionary work ; to get rep-
resentation in Congress ; and then they would
claim that they could put at defiance the Con-
gress x>f the United States. They would say
that they were admitted as a State into the
Union; they were no longer under the recon-
struction laws; they were no longer subject to
that provision of the act of March 2, 1867,
which I have read, making their government
provisional; they were then a State in the
Union ; they would transact their own business
in their own way.
