1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851*
I believe that we were right in passing the
act of December 22, 1869. I believed it then,
I believe it now; and if that was right we have
to take the consequences of it; and my friends
on the other side are not to get rid of the diffi-
culty in this case by throwing into our face
the consequences of this vote. They tell us
that here is the fourteenth amendment, whose
validity is pending. We cannot help thai. If
this was not a Legislature that ratified the
fourteenth amendment, it is not for us to-day
to make it a Legislature for that purpose. • It
is a question of law and fact. If it was not a
Legislature then it is not a Legislature now,
and we cannot make it by our act a Legisla-
ture unless we proceed in the teeth of what
we have done from December, 1869, until the
present time.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to ask the
Senator a .question here. At the time the
election of Senators took place was there not
a Legislature?
Mr. BOREMAN, Arguing now according
to what I regard to be the logical sequences
of our action heretofore, I say that we decided
by the act of December 22, 1869, that the
organization was void from the beginning.
Mr. FOWLER. Then I will simply ask one
other question. If void from the beginning,
what one act made it void?
Mr. BOREMAN. I say that the evidence
shows that there were some twenty members
iu that organization who were disqualified ; that
the proceedings of that Legislature show that
they pretended to examine into the qualifica-
tions of these members; that they reported
that they were qualified according to the recon-
struction acts of Congress; but that subse-
quent to that time the facts have proved that
about twenty of those members were ineligi-
ble, not qualified to participate in the proceed-
ings of that body. That was one revolution-
ary act; they retained there some twenty men
as members of that body who were ineligible
from the beginning, and it was done for a pur-
pose. I claim that the facts in this ease are
sufficient to show that that Legislature knew
that these men were not qualified.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question ? I presume he is a
lawyer. Are the acts of a de facto body legal
or illegal? That is a legal question, and I
want him to answer.
Mr. BOREMAN. I can answer that in this
way 
Mr. SAULSBURY. Answer it directly.
Mr. BOREMAN. They may be, or they
may not be sometimes; it depends on circum-
stances, I apprehend. The legality of the pro-
ceedings of a de facto body is a very broad
proposition.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I will put this
question: why was it, as English history shows,
and as every lawyer who has ever read even
Blackstone knows, that ihe men who commit-
ted treason against the usurper were punished
for that crime and executed -upon the reinstate-
ment of the rightful oecupant of the throne of
Great Britain?
Mr. BOREMAN. I will not go into that
historical question.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I guess not, my friend.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BOREMAN. The Senator would de-
cide this question upon the history to which
he refers. X will try to decide according to the
facts and the law in this case as I understand
them; and I think I understand them suffi-
ciently to enable me Jo come to a conclusion.
I had not got through with answering my friend
from Tennessee when I was interrupted by
the Senator from Delaware.
As has been stated, on the 3d of September,
1863, and between that and the 11th of Sep-
tember, this Legislature, as it is called, pro-
ceeded to expel twenty-eight colored men from
the two houses upon the ground that they were
ineligible under the constitution under which
they were acting. TEeir expulsion was followed
by the introduction of twenty-eight persons who
were not elected at all. The report shows that
those men had a minority of the votes cast in
the several counties from which they proposed
to come; but they were not, according to any
rule we have adopted or that is understood in
this country, elected as members of that body
at all. Then yon have the expulsion of twenty-
eight eligible members, and they are replaced
by twenty-eight persons from the outside, who
were not elected. That makes a difference, as
I have stated, of fifty-six votes in that body.
That, I apprehend my friend from Tennessee
will say, squints a little toward revolution and
usurpation ; it was doing things with the strong
hand. I believe I stated once, and I may be
permitted to repeat it here, that the expulsion
of the colored men and the replacing of them
by those who- were not elected was not an
after-thought of these gentlemen; it was not a
matter which occurred upon the spur of the
moment; but it was an act which was coh-
templated from the beginning; they intended
this revolutionary action from the beginning ;
and action in that direction was suspended
until after the election of Senators in Con-
gress in order that they might secure repre-
sentation here. Taking the admission and
retention of these illegal or disqualified mem-
bers, the expulsion of the colored men and
their replacement by those who were not elected
at all, taking the whole transaction together,
I say it is such a manifestation of a determin-
ation toward revolution and usurpation as re-
quired the-Congress'of the United States to
supervise the action of that body, as they have
done, and to go to work and compel them to
organize their Legislature according to the
laws of the country; and the act of December
22. 1869, was passed for that purpose.
Thus much for the question of the Senator
from Tennessee. I had only one other remark
to make in answer to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, and I should have been done ere now if I
had not been interrupted. He, like the Sen-
ator from Illinois, argued the consequences that
are to flow from our action if we shall now not
recognize this Legislature as a legal one. He
says that by this Legislature the judges were
elected, the attorney general of the State was
elected, and many laws were passed, and that
if we do not recognize them as a legally con- |
stituted body all this is to go for naught, and j
that we shall have confusion and injury to the ;
people of the State of Georgia. I say, sir, so j
far as I am concerned, that I am not to be
deterred or driven from what I believe to be
right in regard to the question before us by
looking to the consequences that are to flow
from it. We are to do right and let conse-
quences take care of themselves.
Under the act of December 22, 1869, the
members of the Legislature who had been de-
clared elected by the order of General Meade
were summoned to me6t at the capital of the
State of Georgia. They came there; and under
the law which my friends here drafted and
introduced before the Senate, and which we
assisted them in passing, the Legislature was
organized, and, in my judgment, was for the
first time organized legally. That Legislature
proceeded to elect Senators to represent the
State in this body ; and the question here is,
whether we shall admit the Senators who were
elected by this properly constituted Legislature
in February, 1870, or whether we shall admit
those who were elected by the revolutionary
organization in July, 1868. That is the prop-
osition before us. If we are not to admit the
gentlemen who were .elected in 1870, what did
we accomplish by the act of December 22,
1869? What did we intend to do by it? We
said to the Legislature, "You are not organ-
ized ; but you shall organize; you shall assem-
ble now and make yourselves a legal organ-
ization." They came together in pursuance
of that law. Did the old presiding officers
take their seats and did the bodies proceed
with the transaction of business? What be-
came of the president of* the senate, for I
believe they have no Lieutenant Governor in
that State ; what became of the president of
the senate who was elected in July, 1868; and
what became of the speaker of the house of
representatives, who was elected in July, 1868?
What became of all the other officers of those
bodies ? Why did they not, when they c$me
together, proceed with the transaction of busi-
ness? Simply because we told that Legisla-
ture, by our act of December 22, 1869, that
they should proceed to the election of officers
and to the organization of the Legislature.
Mr. President, as I look over the facts and
the law applicable to this case I can come to
but one conclusion, and that is that it is right
for us to recognize the action of the Legis-
lature'in the election of Senators in February,
1870; that it was then for the first time that
the Legislature of Georgia was legally and
properly organized; and that, however much
we may desire to admit Mr. Hill as a member
of this body, we cannot do so and be consist-
ent with ourselves ; we cannot do so accord-
ing to the right of the case. This being my
judgment, I am forced to vote for the substi-
tute offered by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. SAULSBURY addressed the Senate.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the question at issue
between the two Houses in relation to the bill
(S. No. 1083) to repeal so much of the act
approved July 14, 1870, entitled " An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
as continues the income tax after the 31st day
of December, A. D. 1869; and had appointed
Mr. Samuel Hooper of Massachusetts, Mr.
William B. Allison of Iowa, and Mr. Dan-
iel W. Voorhees of Indiana managers lit the
same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
■ The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President;
A bill (H. R. No. 666) to authorize the re-
moval of the custom-house from St. Mark's
to Cedar Keys, Florida;
A bill (S. No. 1257) making a temporary
appropriation for the prosecution of the work
upon the improvement of St. Mary's Falls
canal and St. Mary's river, Michigan;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 302) for the
appointment of General William T. Sherman
a .Regent of the Smithsonian Institution ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 337) for the
relief of Captain William 0. Sides.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After one hour and
forty minutes spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened; and (at five o'clock
and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES..
Tuesday, January 81, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. - Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. O. Botleb, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
wellelekt harbor.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
jResolved, That the Secretary of "W ar be requested
