1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
So the House refused to postpone the further j
consideration of the joint resolution until the j
last Thursday of February next. \
The question then recurred on the motion
of Mr. Wilson, of Minnesota, to postpone to i
Tuesday next after the morning hour.
Mr. ELA. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. That brings it up in the
morning hour again.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution must
hold its place until disposed of.
Mr. ELA. I withdraw tuy motion.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
78, noes 52.
So the motion of Mr. Wilson, of Minnesota,
to postpone the further consideration of the
subject until next Tuesday after the morning
hour, was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT Ob' MICHIGAN HARBORS.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous cousent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2422) making appropri-
ations for certain harbors in the State of Mich-
igan ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
river and harbor improvements.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be, and is
hereby, directed to iurnish to the House of Repre-
sentatives, at bis earliest convenience, the annual
report ior tho year 1870 of the chief of engineers
upon harbor and river improvements, covering esti-
mates for the next fiscal year.
public buildings, covington, kentucky.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
■consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2128) to
provide for the erection of United States dis-
liEGISTEROF FOREIGN-BUILT VESSELS.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 387) to
enable citizens of the United States to register
foreign-built vessels; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
NINTH CENSUS.
Mr.-HALDEMAN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Ninth Cen-
sus be instructed to inquire into and report upon
the justice of the complaints respecting tho accu-
racy of the recont enumeration of the people, and
whether the reliability of the basis of representation
is thereby affected; and also whether the remedy
must hereafter be sought in an actual de facto census
taken upon one day.
public buildings at fall ltlVKE.
Mr. BUFF1NTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and ho is hereby, requested to take into considera-
tion theereetion of a suitable building in the city
of Fall River, Massachusetts, for the accommoda-
tion of the custom-house, post offico, internal rev-
enue, and other offices of the Government, located
in that city; and to report to this House his views in
regard thereto, with such recommendations as lie
may deem proper, together with estimates of the cost
of the building.
VAN CAMP, CIIAl'IN, AND OTHERS.
Mr. BUFFINTON also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2425) for
the relief of Van Camp, Chapin, and others;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
transfer of preemption claims
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2120) authorizing
trict court-room, revenue offices, and post office ij the transfer of valid preemption claims to actual
in the city of Covington, Kentucky ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the j
Committee on Appropriations.
admiral and vice admiral. i
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to j
introduce abill, and to put it on its passage, to
which I think no one will object. It is to abol-
ish the offices of Admiral and Vice Admiral
in the Navy.
The bill was read. It provides that the
office of Admiral of the Navy be, and i3 hereby,
abolished, there being now a vacancy in said
office, and all laws and parts of iaws creating
said office shall, by virtue of this act, be hence-
forth held to be repealed. The bill in its sec-
ond section provides that the office of Vice
Admiral in the Navy shall continue until a
vacancy shall occur in the same, and no longer ;
and when such vacancy shall occur in such
office, immediately thereupon all laws and
parts of laws creating such office shall become
inoperative, and shall, by virtue of the act,
thenceforward be held to be repealed.
Mr. Half, and Mr. Scofield objected.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not object to the
introduction of the bill, but I desire to move
its reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent to have the bill considered at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; as objection is
made, 1 give notice that I shall ask to have the
rules suspended to pass the bill on Monday
next.
navigation am) com m ellch
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous eonsent, intro-
duced a bill (li. It. No. 2424) to revive the
navigation and commercial interests of the
United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the select Committee
on the Causes of the Reduction of American
Tonnage, and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vot«
by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
settlers; which was read a first and second time
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
amendment of the preemption law.
Mr. SARGENT also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2427) amenda-
tory of the preemption law ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
brooklyn navy-yard.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to send to this House a copy of all deeds on
file in the Navy Department for the land now occu-
pied by the Brooklyn navy-yard.
william m.m'gruder.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2428) to remove the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendments on William
M. McGruder, Henrico county, Virginia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the select Committee on Reconstruction.
organic act of idaho.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2429) amendatory
of the organic act of Idaho; which was read
| a first and second^ time, and referred to the
! Committee on the Territories.
relief from disabilities.
Mr. SYPHER. I ask unanimous consent
' to introduce a bill, for action at this time, to
relieve certain citizens of Louisiana from legal
and political disabilities, with a view to its
, consideration and passage at the present time.
1 will state that it is necessary the bill should
■ be considered and passed at the present time
• for the reason that gentlemen whose names are
mentioned in it have been elected to office in
the State of Louisiana. I ask that it be con-
I sidered at this time.
I Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. SYPHER. Then let it be referred.
Accordingly the bill was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
jersey shore national bank.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill, with a view to put it
upon its passage, to authorize, the national bank
at Jersey Shore to change its location.
The bill was read forinformation. It author-
izes the Jersey Shore National Bank, in Jer-
sey Shore, Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, to
change its location to the city of Williamsport,
whenever the stockholders and representatives
of three fourths of the stockholders desire the
change to be made.
No objection was made; and the bill (H. R.
No. 2431) was read a first and second time,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
employment of federal troops.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and be is hereby, respectfully requested to in-
form this House whether it be a fact that Federal
troops were stationed at or near the capital of tho
State of Alabama in tho month of ^November last:
whether they were used to prevent the Governor-
elect of said State lrom taking possession of and
entering upon the duties of his said ofiico in the capi-
tal and exeeu'ive office of said State ; and by whose
order and what authority, if they were so stationed
or so used; also, that he inform this House whether
Federal troop-: have been so stationed within the
borders of any other of the States of this Union, and
for what purposo and by what authority the same
has been done, and whether upon the requisition of
the Legislature of such State or the Executive
thereof, or whether such troops have been used in
any one of the said States uutler pietense or for
the purposo of suppre-sing demesne violence in
such States, without tho requisition or calt of the
Legislatures, or the .Executive- thereof; and that ho
transmit to this House copies ot all orders, if any,
heretofore issued by the military authorities rela-
tive to said subject.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I object.
peter j. icnapp.
Mr. McCRARY, by unanimous consent,
introduced abill (H. R. No. 2432) for the relief
of Peter J. Knapp ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
joseph a. montgomery.
Mr. McCRARY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2433) granting a
pension to Joseph A. Montgomery ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
improvement of des moines rapids.
Mr. McCRARY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. li. No. 2434) making an
appropriation to complete the improvement of
the Des Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
edward l. young.
Mr. PLATT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2435) granting a pen-
sion to Edward L. Young; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
kaciiel allowayfc.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2430) granting a
pension to Rachel Alloways ;• which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
railroad mabilitif.s.
Mr. LAWRENCE, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (II- R- No. 2437) to se-
cure indemnity to the United States in certain
cases; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
marine hospital dues.
Mr. CHURCHILL, by unanimous consent
introduced a joint resolution (Id. K. No. ooo)
