1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
pacific railroad bonds.
Mr. "WILKINSON also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
required to inform this House whether the several
railroad companies, or any of them, to whom the
bonds of the United States have been issued in aid
of the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, have
made default in the payment of the interest upon
the said bonds; and whether such interest, or any
part thereof, has been paid by the United States;
what amount, if any, has been so paid, and on ac-
count of what companies; and whether any steps
have been taken to secure the repayment of such
interest to the United States as required by law.
ralph king.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 24-50) for the relief
of Ralph King, late consul to Bremen ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to tbe Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider all ref-
erences of bills and resolutions; and also
moved that the motion to reeonsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
president's annual message.
Mr. SCRENCK. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business
upon the Speaker's table, for the purpose of
taking up the President's annual message and
referring it to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; and I give notice I
shall move to go into the Committee of the
"Whole for the purpose of distributing ihe
message to the various committees.
^The motion was agreed to; and the House
proceeded to the consideration of the business
on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
annual message of the President of the United
States.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the message
was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not usual to
discuss the message of the President before
referring it?
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to introduce
resolutions distributing it to the various com-
mittees.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not usual to
have it before the committee for discussion
before referring it?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is usual to distribute
it and afterward to discuss it.
The SPEAKER. The distribution of the
various parts of the message does not take it
out of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, but it still remains before I
the committee for discussion. !
The motion was agreed to. i
The House resolved itself into the Commit- '
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, |
(Mr. Cullom in the chair,) and took up the j
annual message of the President of the United |
States. ' . !
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the adoption of j
the resolutions which I send to the Clerk's •
desk and ask to have read. i
The C)erk read as follows: '
J-ifcolved, That so much of the annual message of :
the President of the United States to the two Houses ]
ui Congress at the present session, together with the {
necompanyiog documents, as relate* to the Public i
finances and taxation, to the receipts into the Treas-
ury, to revenue reform and to the reduction of the ,
<Mid internal taxes, c<,nd the revision of any of ;
the laws relating thereto, to the Public debt- and ;
public credit, and to the ways and means of sup- j
porting and meeting thS liabilities of the Govern -
wont, be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Cleans.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and docu-
ment as l elates to the necessary appropriations for
carrying on the Government in its several depart-
ments, and to deficiencies in the appropriations, be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Jicfioloed, That co much of san) message and docu-
ments as relates to banks and banking and cur-
rency be referred to tho Committee on Banking and !
Currency.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to commerceandnavigation, to the
regulation of passenger ships and to the protection
of passengers, to the depression of American com-
merce, the decay of the American shipping interest
and the means for reviving the same, bo referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the public domain be referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Post Office Department, to
land or ocean mail service, and to the abolition of
the franking privilege, bereferred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the courts and the judiciary, and to
the salaries of judges, be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Itesolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the public expenditures be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Expenditures.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to agriculture and to the Department
of Agriculture be referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to Indian a ffairs and reform in tho
management thereof be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Resolped, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Army of the United States,
and to coast and lake defenses, be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Navy of the United States be
referred to tho Committee on Naval Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and the
accompanying documents and correspondence as
relates to foreign affairs and questions with other
Governments, including information and recom-
mendations in regard to the proposed acquisition of
San Domingo, and the adjustment of cjuestions with
Gieat Britain and her provinces i elating to the fish-
eries and Alabama claims, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Territories of the United
States be referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to pensions and thePension Bureau
be referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to patents and the Patent Office be
referred to tho Committee on Patents.
Resolved, That so much of said messageand docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
the State Department be referred to the Committee
on Expenditures in tho State Department.
Resolved, That so much of said messageand docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
the Treasury Department be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Treasury Department,
Revolved, Thatso much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the expenditures in connection
"with the War Department be referred to the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the WarDepartment.
Resolved, Thatso much of said messageand docu-
ments as relates to expenditures in connection with
the Navy Department be referred to the Committee
on Expenditures in the Navy Department.
Revolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the expenditures in connection
with the Post Office Department be referred to the
Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the militia be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Militia.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to roads and canals be referred to
the Committee on Railways and Canals.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the District of Columbia be re-
ferred to the CommitteefortheDistrictof Columbia.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to coinage, weights, and measures
be referred to the Committee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measure?.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Bureau of Education be re-
ferred to the Committee on Education and Labor.
Resolved, That so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the Census be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Ninth Census.
Resolved, Thatso much ofsaid message and docu-
ments as relates to a reform in the civil service of
the country be referred to the select Committee on
the Reorganization of the Civil Service of the Gov- -
eminent. ii
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield for a moment to the j|
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode ]
Mr. COVODE. I desire to suggest to the j|
chairman of theCommittee of Waysand Means ;|
that the reference with regard to the erection jj
of new buildings for the State and War De-
partments had better be changed. There are
special requests made by the President with
regard to the building of a new War Depart-
ment and a new State Department. -The ref-
erence in the resolutions just read would send
these to the Committee on Expenditures in the
War Department and to the Committee on
Expenditures in the State Department. But
I would suggest that the reference be made
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, as these are both public buildings.
Mr. DAWES. I beg to inform the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode] that the
whole matter of public works and estimates for
public buildings has already been referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I desire further to
correct a misapprehension under which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Covode]
seems to labor, by stating that the expendi-
tures in the War Department and in the State
Department, with regard to which there are
special committees, have nothing to do with
expenditures for the purpose of erecting build-
ings to accommodate these Departments. So
there is really no conflict whatever.
Before the question is takea upon the reso-
lutions, I wish to direct the attention of tho
House, in order that there may be no misap-
prehension, to one thing which characterizes
these resolutions j and that is, the direction
which they have given to all subjects which
relate to the shipping interest. We propose
by our resolutions to refer whatever* affecU
the commerce of the United States, as con-
nected with the shipping interest, to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
It is well known that there has been hereto-
fore a select commitee having charge of that
subject; but when we were considering this
matter in the Committee of Ways and Means,
which hassubmitted the resolutions, it was un-
derstood thatthat select committee desire only
to make their report and wind up their busi-
ness, embracing ©nly that which 1ms been
heretofore committed to them. It was thought
desirable, therefore, that the portions of tho
President's messageand accompanying docu-
ments involvingnewpropositions or new meas-
ures connected with this mattcrshould not any
longer be sent to that committee, but should
take the old, natural ordinary course, and
go to the Committee on Commerce. There-
fore it is that, with this understanding, we have
reserved for the Committee on Commerce, and
directed to be given to their control, all that
relates to the subjects to which I have alluded.
I do not know that there is anything else in
the resolutions requiring explanation, and I
hope we shall now have the sense of the com-
mittee upon them. But before asking a vole
I yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maykard.J
Mr. MAYNAPtD. Ididnothavetheplcasure
of listening to the President's message wheu it
was read yesterday. But on reading it, as
published in the papers, I find that it closes
with a very important and pregnant suggestion
on the subject of the purity of elections. I
would ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means whether a reference ought
not to be made of that portion of the message?
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee on the
Judiciary had charge of whatever legislation
there was heretofore on that subject, and it is
still within their jurisdiction. And as the allu-
sion in the message is only a general sugges-
tion, in the nature of a platform more than
anything else, no specific proposition being
offered, we did not think it necessary to make
a reference of that portion of the document.
Mr. MAYNARD. I «nly desired to have
it understood that it was not omitted or over-
looked.
Mr. SCHENCK. It was not overlooked,
but, as I have said, it did not contain any
specific proposition.
The question being put on the resolutions,
they were adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Cullom reported
