854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
high price at a future day. The placing of so
large a body of land upon the market at one
time would necessarily mate the one hundred
and sixty acres belonging to each soldier of
little value, as they would only be bought up
by speculators, for the reason that every citi-
zen desiring to become an actual settler upon
the public lands can do so for nothing, and has
no occasion to pay anything whatever for the
privilege.
It is not a boon, then, to the soldier, for the
price he would receive for his warrant to one
hundred and sixty acres must, .of necessity,
amount to but an insignificant sum. But few
of them, comparatively, have any purpose of
settling upon the public lands now or hereafter,
and the great body of them will put their war-
rants upon the market for what they will bring.
The result will be that the lands will fall into
the hands of speculators for a mere nominal
price, and the speculators will locate the war-
rants upon the most valuable of the unsold or
unoccupied of the public lands'; and in years
to come this immense body of the public lands
will be held by them, and when the actual set-
tler shall desire to occupy them he will have
to pay a large price, and such a one as the
speculators may see fit to demand for the privi-
lege.
It is said the public lands are the property
of the nation, and that the soldiers are better
entitled than any other class to oceupy them.
So I think; and Congress has, by wise legisla-
tion, provided that every one of them may have
a farm of one hundred and sixty acres by
simply settling upon and occupying it. We
have by our laws made the most generous
provision in the way of bounties and pensions
for our soldiers, their widows and orphans, that
ever characterized the legislation of any people ;
and a bill has already passed the Senate, which
I presume will become a law at the present
session, increasing the pensions twenty per
cent.
It seems to be conceded by many that we
ought to give to the soldiers of the late war
a land bounty, simply because we have the
land to give. But there is no force in that
argument. We own, as a people, much other
property. We own armories and arsenals,
custom-houses and court houses, and many
other public buildings. We own, too, war
materials and ships of war. Besides, we have
in the Treasury $100,000,000 in gold. Why
not give some or all of these? They are ours
surely, and we have the right to donate them
if we will. Better far, sir, that this splendid
Capitol, with all its adornments, should 'be
given, and that to it should be added all our
public buildings, our war material, our Navy,
and the hundred millions in gold in the Treas-
ury, than that such a bill should become a law.
Public buildings, war materials, navies, and
the hundred millions in gold may be recre-
ated and replaced again. But, sir, it is not so
with the title and control of the public lands.
Once in the hands of the speculator they are
forever beyond the reach of the Government,
and the poor settler can aever occupy them.
It is said that the lands have been given
to railroads and other corporations. That
policy I have never favored, but have steadily
opposed, as is well known. But, sir, suppose
they have been so granted; the performance
of one act of folly cannot justify another. All
grants of the public lands without restrictions
securing the rights ofaotual settlers are vicious
and ought not to be encouraged. But such a
proposition is still more vicious than the grant-
ing of lands to railroad companies, for the
reason that the bounty will be of no substantial
advantage to the soldier, while the railroad
grants secure the building of railroads, which
in themselves are an advantage to everybody.
Besides, under existing laws, the soldier can
take up one hundred and sixty acres of the
public lands, under the homestead laws, upon
any of the even-numbered sections within the
limits of any railroad land grant heretofore
made by Congress, thu3 giving the soldier the
even-numbered sections,and at the same time
giving him all the benefits of a railroad, for
nothing. But, sir, such a system, while of no
substantial advantage to the soldier, places
the lands in the hands of speculators, with-
out any compensation to the soldier or settler
by way of railroads or other public improve-
ments. Such a scheme is a mere delusion.
While pretending to confer a great blessing
upon the soldier and the country, it is, in fact,
a cunningly-devised system to dispose of the
public lands to the speculator without any
substantial benefit whatever either to the sol-
dier or to the country.
I would not charge"gentlemen who urge such
a policy with other than the highest and purest
of motives. I know there are a number of
those about me here whose sincere desire is to
do justice to the soldier, and at the same time
to do right upon this subject, who believe that
a land bounty would be a wise and just meas-
ure. But, sir, I am sure they have not suf-
ficiently considered the evil effects to flow from
the policy which they propose. It is fraught
with evil, and only evil, both to the soldier
and to the great body of the people. If such
a policy shall be adopted, the speculators, into
whose control the lands will fall, will locate the
warrants upon the best lands and those nearest
the settled portions of the West, thus forcing
the homestead settler to go far beyond the
present settlements to secure for himself and
family a home, thereby-depriving him of all
the advantages of living near the well-set-
tled portions of the country, and exposing him
and his family unprotected to a constant war-
fare with the Indians. I cannot do better than
to call your attention to a paragraph from a
report made by the Committee on the Public
Lands of this House on the 18th day of March.
1866, upon this very subject. I ask the Clerk
to read the paragraph which I send to the
desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"All the evils of land speculation, to an extent as
alarming as it would be unprecedented, would be the
sure result. Capital, always sensitive and sagacious,
would grasp these warrants at the lowest rates. Land
monopoly m the United States, under this national
sanction, would have its new birth, and enter upon
a career of widespread mischief and desolation.
Speculators would seize and appropriate nearly all
the choice lands of the Government and those nearest
the settled portions of the country, while homestead
claimants and preemptors would be driven to the
outskirts of civilization, meeting, all the increased
expense and danger of securing homes for their fami-
lies, and surrendering the local advantages of schools,
churches, mills, wagon roads, and whatever else per-
tains to the necessities and enjoyments of a well-
settled neighborhood. This policy would stop the
advancing column of immigration from Europe, and
of emigration from the States, which has done so
much to make the public doqiain a source of pro-
ductive wealth, a subject of revenue, and a home for
the landless thousands who have thus at once become
useful citizens and an elementof national strength."
Mr. STOUGHTON. Will the gentleman
permit me to remind him that he is arguing
not against the bill (which provides for count-
ing as part of the term of the soldier's settle-
ment the time he may have spent in the mil-
itary service) but against granting, as proposed
by one of the amendments, lands to soldiers
without any settlement at all.
Mr. HAWLEY. That is the subject I am
now discussing; but before I conclude I shall
refer to all the pending propositions.
Mr. STOUGHTON. The gentleman is argu-
ing against the amendment-of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holm an,] not against the
bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. I am arguing the general
subject of soldiers' land bounties. Before I
conclude my remarks, I shall discuss the vari-
ous amendments as well as the bill proposed
by the committee.
From the Adjutant General of the Army, I
learn that there were in the Union Army during
the late war two million six hundred and sev-
enty thousand"eight hundred and seventy-four
soldiers who served more than three months
each. To give them a bounty of one hun-
dred and sixty acres each will require more
than four hundred and twenty-seven million
acres of the public lands. Add to this two
hundred and twenty-five million acres here-
tofore granted to railroads,. the greater part
of which is still unsurveyed and unoccupied,
and we have the enormous sura of six hun-
dred and fifty million acres of the public lands
placed beyond the reach of the actual settler,
unless he shall secure them through the spec-
ulator at such prices and at such times as he
may see fit to sell. When you shall have done
this, Mr. Speaker, more than half of the ara-
ble lands now remaining to the Government
will have been monopolized by the wealih of
the country withoutany regard whatever to the
waits of the actual settler. Every western
man will see the evils to flow from such a pol-
icy. It will, in addition to all the evils which
I have named, lead to endless frauds and liti-
gation, before the ultimate occupant of the soil
will have a title upon which he can rest with
security.
Adopt this system, and every town and
hamlet in the land will swarm with avaricious
men, whose only purpose will be to cheat and
defraud the soldier out of the small pittance
which a fair sale of his warrant might bring.
It will open a door to fraud and corruption
which you would gladly close when you shall
have seen the blighting effects of such a policy.
But, sir, when once adopted it will be too late.
Your regrets will then be in vaiu. When you
see the fair domain of the great West within
the clutch of avarice, and the white covered
wagon of the emigrant moving day after day
over the rich lands which your folly has given
to the sordid speculator, and when you see
that the poor emigrant looks in vain for a spot
upon which he can settle as a homestead and
which he can call his own, then, sir, will you
see the folly, and I had almost said the wick-
edness, of such a policy. Adopt it, and your
eyes will behold the sight which I have pic-
tured. Yes; the emigrant will wander in vain
over the great West in search of a spot where
he may build his cabin and which he may call
his own. And this may occur while more
than six hundred millions of what were public
lauds still remain unoccupied.
For this great loss to the Actual settler and
to the country what will you gain ? Nothing!
Absolutely nothing 1 You will then seek in
vain for causes to justify your course and to
satisfy the country of the wisdom of your
action. You will find none. All men will then
unite in condemning your action, find your
folly will be confessed by yourself. I said all
men would ultimately condemn your course if
you adopted such a measure. I should have
excepted that only class for whose benefit the
bill will operate. I should have left out the
sordid land monopolist; I should not have
embraced the man without heart, soul, or con-
science, who will clutch with joy the title-
deeds to millions of the fair acres which shall
pass from your hands into his uuder the oper-
ation of such a system. Sir, he will laud
your wisdom and your far-seeing sagacity.
From him alone shall you have praise.
To grant a bounty of one hundred and sixty
acres of land to each soldier who served three
months or more in the late war will embrace
a body of land twelve times as large as the
State of Illinois and twice as large as the
thirteen States forming our Union at its
creation. Sir, the soldiers are not in favor of *
such a proposition. They can see in advance,
as well as we, that its effects will be evil, and
only evil, to the country. The Grand Army
Journal, the leading organ of the soldiers, in
speaking of the subject of a land bounty, uses
this language, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"To any proposition to grant land to the soldier
which does not require a settlement we are distinctly
opposed. If the Representatives of the people feel
that the nation at this time can afford a further
bounty to ite defenders, let it be tendered in money.
The grant of a, land title to a non-settler will b,e
