1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senate adjourn. If any Senator has any busi-
ness to present I will withdraw the motion.
The motion was agreed to; and (at twelve
o'clock and sixteen minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December V, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
redemption oe loan certificates.
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2451) to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide for
the redemption of three per cent, loan certifi-
cates, and for a new increase of national bank
notes," approved July 12, 1870; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
naval pensions.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2452) to place on the
naval pension-roll the names of the widows
and minor children of Newton H. Adams and
John Rudenstein; -which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask that the bill be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read. It directs that the name
of Mrs. Eunice Adams, widow of Newton H.
Adams, late a surgeon in the United States
Navy, and his minor children, and that of Mrs.
Frances I. Rudenstein, widow of John Ruden-
stein, late a surgeon in the United States Navy,
and his minor children, be placed upon the
naval pension-roll, subject to the rules govern-
ing naval pensions.
Mr. DAWES. What is the purport of this
measure?
Mr. ARCHER. It is simply to place the
names of two widows upon the pension-roll.
Mr. DAWES. Has it been before any com-
mittee?
The SPE AKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land will state that himself.
Mr. ARCHER. The bill has been before
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and is recom-
mended by that committee, as well as by the
Navy Department.
Mr. DAWES. Why should it be taken out
of the regular order?
Mr. ARCHER. Because these are two
widows who are now being supported by con-
tributions from the naval officers of the country.
Mr. DAWES. It is a very hard case, I have
no doubt I am not here to object to this par-
ticular bill; but if the gentleman should get it
through in this manner, other bills will be
pressed upon the House.
Mr. ARCHER. It is only one bill; and I
hope the gentleman will not urge his objections.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to this par-
ticular bill, but to the irregular mode of doing
business. It does not seem right to take up
this bill out of its order and pass it. I will,
however, withdraw my objections.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Bit. a. B. MOONEY.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2453) to
relieve the disability of Dr. A. B. Mooney, of
Granville district, South Carolina; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
select Committee on Reconstruction.
alpiieus c. hickman.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2454) granting a pen-
sion to Alpheus C. Hickman; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
member sworn in.
Mr. SHOBER presented the credentials of
John Manning, member-elect from the fourth
congressional district of North Carolina.
Mr. Manning appeared and qualified by
taking the oath prescribed by law.
seizure of the schooner granada.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of State be directed
to communicate to this House any and all informa-
tion that may be in the possession of the Department
of State Relative to an alleged seizure of the schooner
Crranada.ofProvincetown, Massachusetts, a regularly
licensed vessel, by tho British cutter Ida F., Captain
Torry, wliile lying peacefully at anchor in the har-
bor of Port Hood, Ifova Scotia, on the pretext that
said schooner had on board too much provision for
a two months'fishing voyage, and was without clear-
ance papers; and to state whether in his opinion, in
view of the facts, any legislation, is required for the
better security of the rights of American citizens
when engaged in a legitimate fishing voyage.
eureka, california.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2455) to create a
port of delivery at Eureka, California; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
settlers in california.
Mr. JOHNSON also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 2456) to restore
to certain settlers in California rights taken
from them by act of Congress ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
rights under treaties, etc.
Mr. JOHNSON also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2457) to restore
to certain parties their rights under the laws
and treaties of the United States ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
post routes in california.
Mr. JOHNSON. I also ask unanimous
consent to introduce for reference a bill to
establish certain post routes in the State of
California.
The SPEAKER. Under a rule adopted by
the House at its last session such bills should
be presented at the Clerk's desk for reference,
as in the case of petitions and memorials.
mrs. riciiard w. meade.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. Ii. No. 2458)
granting a pension to the widow of Richard W.
Meade; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
pay op restored naval officers.
Mr. MOORE, of New Jersey, by unanimous
consent, also introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. &o. 894) for pay of restored officers of
the Navy ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
resumption oe specie payments. j
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro- j
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2459) to provide for !
the gradual resumption of specie payments; j
which was read a first and second time, referred j
to the Committee on Banking and Currency, I
and ordered to be printed. j
SAN DOMINGO.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for consideration at this time, a
joint resolution in regard to the island of San
Domingo and the Monroe doctrine.
Mr. UULLOM. I object.
Mr. MUNGEN. I ask that it be read; it is
short. , I
Mr. CULLOM. I have no objection to its j
being read, but I do object to its being consid- i
ered at this time. i
Mr. MUNGEN. Let it be read: and then, 1
if thegentleman objects, I will ask its reference
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
was read, as follows:
Whereas the President of the United States, in his
annual message to Congress, on tho 5th <lay of this
month, says: *' I now firmly believe that the moment
it is known, tbat the United States have entirely
abandoned the project of accepting as a part of its
territory the island of San Domingo a free port will
be negotiated for by European Powers in the Bay of
bainana;' and whereas President Monroe, in his
seventh annual messageof December 2,1823,setforth
certain principles of action since known as the4' Mon-
roe doctrine," which principles have mot with gen-
eral acceptance among the people of tho United
State?, and which principles declared that we should
consider any attempt on tho part of European Pow-
ers to extend their system of govemmentto any por-
tion of this hemisphere as dangerous toour pence and
safety, and thatwecould not view their interposition
for the purpose of oppressing or controlling in any
other manner thedestiny of any independentGovern-
rnent in any other light than as a manifestation of
an nnfriendly disposition toward the United States:
Therefore,
^ Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Statesof Americain Congress assem-
bled, Thatweshouldregard an attempt by European
Powers to obtain the control of the Bay of Samana,
or any other portion of San Domingo, as unfriendly
to the United States, and in contravention of our
policy, as declared by President Monroe, concerning
the independent actionsofthe peopleof the American
continent.
Resolved, farther, That the President bo, and he
hereby is, respectfully requested to transmit to Con-
gress any correspondence or facts in the possession of
tho Administration, or either of the Departments
thereof, going to show tho ground upon which his
belief is based.
Mr. CULLOM. I insist upon my objection
to the present consideration of this joinfc reso-
lution.
Mr. M UNG E N". Th en I ask that i t be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
No objection being made, the joint resolution.
(H. 11. No. 39o) was accordingly read a first and
secondtime, and referredto the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
cincinnati southern railway.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 2460) to authorize
the construction of certain bridges of the Cin-
cinnati Southern railway; which was read a
first and second time, referredto the Committee
on Railways and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
tarof.
Mr. CREBS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit a preamble and resolution for consid-
eration at this time.
The preamble and resolution were read, as
follows:
Whereas, in tho. judgmentof this House, the recent
elections have developed the fact that a decrease m
tariff duties, especially on life necessaries, is demand-
ed by the country : Therefore,
Resolved, That tho Committee of ays and Means
be instructed to report to this House immediately a
bill so amending the tariff laws as will reduce tho
duties on tea, coffee, sugar, and salt to fitteen per
cent, ad valorem; on Bessemer steel to twenty per
cent, ad valorem ; on pig iron to $2 50 per ton,, and
such general reduction on all other articles as will in
the main correspond with tho duties imposed by the
tarilf laws of 18-46, iraming the law for purposes of
revenue only, and not for protection.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
Mr. CREBS. Then I ask that it may be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
No objection was made; and it, was referred
accordingly.
fueedmen's bureau.
Mr. McNEELY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (IT. 11. No. 2461) to abolish
the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands, which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Freed-
men's Affairs.
KKCOXSIDEUATION OF PvEFEIUJNCES.
Mr. WELKER. I move to reconsider the
votes by which bills and resolutions have this
morning been referred: andaiso move tbat the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motiou was agreed to.
accounts of government pkopsrty.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
