30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 7,
of State, transmitting, in compliance with the
act of Congress approved July 15, 1870, an
account of the property of the United States
in the buildings and grounds of the District
of Columbia occupied by the Department of
State ; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
RETURNS OF COLLECTOKS OF CUSTOMS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary" of State, transmitting, in compliance with
an act of Congress of March 2, 1799, an abstract
of the returns made to his Department by
the collectors of customs, pursuant to the act
of May 28, 1790, for the relief and protection
of American seamen, showing the number of
seamen registered in the several ports of entry
in the United States during the year ending
September 30, 1870; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
ESTIMATES FOR P0STA1 SERVICE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Postmaster General, asking for an appropria-
tion of $25,436,698, for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872, and transmitting estimates for
the same; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
CLAIM OF JAMES A. LAZUBE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous eon-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting to the House
the claim of James A. Lazure ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CURRENCY REPORT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Comptroller of the Currency, trans-
mitting to the House the eighth annual report
of that officer; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ACCOUNTS OF GOVERNMENT PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, trans-
mitting a statement of property in his pos-
session belonging to the United States ; which
was referred to the Committee on Accounts,
and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Doorkeeper of the House of Repre-
sentatives, transmitting to the House? in com-
pliance with the act of Congress approved
July 15,1870, an inventory of all the furniture,
&c., in the several committee-rooms and all
other rooms in his chargewhich was referred
to the Committee on Accounts, and ordered to
be printed.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES Of THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Clerk of the House, transmitting his annual
report of contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives; which was referred to the
Committee on Accounts, and ordered to be
printed.
REPORT ON COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of State, transmitting to
the House a report on the commercial rela-
tions of the United States and foreign nations
for the year ending September 30,186'J; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
ACCOUNTS Of GOVERNMENT PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Serge&nt-at-Arms of the House of Represent-
atives, transmitting a statement of the United
States property under his control at the date
of his communication ; which was referred to
the Committee on Accounts.
AMERICAN LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Mr. SCHENCIv, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2462) to incorporate
the American Loan and Trust Company; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. PORTER. I offer the following reso- ij
lution for immediate action : ■;
Resolved, That when the House adjourns on Thurs-
day of this week it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for the regular order. ;
_ The SPEAKER. This is a privileged ques- '
tion.
On agreeing to the resolution, there were— ;i
ayes 56, noes 69. ,i
So the resolution was not adopted. ;j
EEGULAR ORDER OP BUSINESS. |i
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the regular order 1
of business
The SPEAKER. The regular order of |
business is the call of committees for reports, ,j
the morning hour beginning at twenty-six 'i
minutes to one o'clock. Reports are first in i
order from the Committee on the Post Office !
and Post Roads.
CODIFICATION OP POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I am
directed by the Committee on the Post Office j
and Post Roads to report back House bill No. !:
2295, to revise, consolidate, and amend the :j
statutes relating to the Post Office Depart- 1
ment, with amendments. The bill is a long '!
one, as it is a complete codification of the laws >
relating to the Post Office Department. If the |
House will dispense with the reading of the bill j
I will state thatthe subject has been examined ;j
thoroughly and critically by a committee ap-
pointed by the Postmaster General, composed j
of gentlemen conversant with the operations of ;
the Post Office Department, by the Committee
on Revision of the Laws, and by the Commit- ;i
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. We ;j
have gone over the bill two or three times '<
with a great deal of care, for the purpose of :i
perfecting it, seeing that nothing was omitted
which should be in, and that nothing was in
which should be left out. If members will send
for the printed bill they will find reference to
all the statutes composing this codification.
At the conclusion of the bill is a reference to all
the laws which it is proposed to repeal. The
bill was printed during the last session of Con-
gress, and I move that the reading be dis-
pensed with except so far as changes are pro-
posed in the existing law.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Idonotmean
to^ object to that if the chairman of the com-
mittee will state the principle and substance of
this bill.
Mr. FAENSWORTH. I have just stated that
the bill is a codification of the postal laws—
a revision as well as codification. I do not
ask to dispense with the reading of the amend-
ments proposed by the committee. Those
amendments are printed in italics. The text
embraces the present law, and it will save a
great deal of time to dispense with the reading
of it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I understand
the gentleman to say that this is a mere codi-
fication of existing law.
Mr. FAENSWORTH. It is a codification
of existing laws with some amendments, which
are printed in italics.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. And thoseit
is proposed to read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill is now
reported back from the committee with new
amendments. The only amendments substan-
tially changing existing law are near the end
of I he bill, and they embrace some matters I
can state to the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, Allow me to sug-
gest, as there are a groat many amendments,
that it would be more convenient to go into
the Committee of the Whole on this bill, or to
consider it in the House as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to the bill and- amendments being considered
in the House as in Committee of the Whole.
There was no objection, and it was orden-d
accordingly.
By_ unanimous consent the first reading of
the bill for information was dispensed with.
First amendment:
^ In line two, page 4, ptrike out "may" and iu=i-rt
"shallso that the section shall read as follow-:
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the Postina.^Uv
General shall establish and discontinue po.-.t oiBee.-:
instruct all persons in the postal service with retm -
ence to their duties; decidcou the torms of all official
papers; prescribe the maimer of keepmgand stating
accounts; enforce the prompt rendition of return.-
relative to said accounts; control, according to law.
and subject to the settlement of the Auditor, ah
expenses incident to the service of the Department ;
superintend the disposition of the moneys of the
Department; direct the manner in which balance
shall be paid over; fasue warrants* to cover mom;
into the Treasury and to payout the same; pio-.. -
cute all offenses against the postal laws; acd gt-ner-
ally superintendthe business of the Department, nun
execute all laws relative to the postal service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as folio v.?,:
In line nine, page 5, add the word? "together
with a copy of the recorded abstracts oi'all proposal's
for carrying the mail as provided for by section two
hundred and forty-sevenso that the section wisl
then read:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
masrer General shall make the following reports to
Congress at each annual session: A report of a!i
contracts for carrying the mail made within the pre-
ceding year, giving in each case the name of tiK
contractor; the date and duration ot the contract:
the routes embraced therein, with the length oi
eaeh; the time of arrival and departure at the enu^
of each route: the raode of transportation; and tiie
price to be paid, together with a copy of the recorded
abstracts of all proposals for carrying the mail, a-
provided for by section two hundred anU foriv-
seven.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out these words on page 6:
A report of all incidental expenses for the preced-
ing year, arranged according to their several object,
a3 for "wrapping-paper," 4' office furniture/' "adver-
tising," "mail-bags," "mail-locks, keys.and stamp-, '
"mail depredations and special agents," "compen-
sation of clerks in post offices," and " miscellaneous,''
showing the sums paid under each head, and th -
names of the payees; but the names of persons em-
ployed in detecting depredations on the mail, and
other confidential agents, need not be disclosed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out cm
pages 7 and 8 lines fifty-eight to sixty-nine, as
follows:
A report showing the post routes and post ofiiec--
discontinued for insecurity, as provided for in section
two hundred and thirteen. A report showing every
post road which shall not, after the second year fiuin
its establishment, have produced one third of the
expense of carrying the mail thereon. A report
showing alt post roads which are obstructed by
fences, gate*, or bars, other than those lawfully used
to collect toll thereon, or such as are not kept tu
good repair, with the proper and necessary bridges
and ferries, with such information as can be obtained,
to enable Congress to establish other roads instead
thereof, in the same general direction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert on page 8
the following:
And the Postmaster General shall can&eall of such
reports to be printed at the Public Printing Office,
either together or separately, and in such numbers a*
may be required by the exigencies of the service or
by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out on
page 9, at line thirteen, the words ''and mis-
cellaneous and to insert the following, in the
section relating to the annual statement to be
submitted by the Postmaster General to Con-
gress :
Rent, light, and fuel for po<t offices; stationery,
and miscellaneous; showing the .sums paid under
each head, and the namo.-><>f the per&ons to whom
payments are made out of the miscellaneous fund:
bu t the named of persons employed in detecting dop -
redations on the mail and ol'other confidential agents
need not be disclosed.
The amendment was agreed to.
