856
IBS CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
January 31,
advantage to him, and opening a door to fraud
and litigation.
The amendment proposed by my colleague
[Mr. Crebs] simply provides foraland bounty
without any limitation or restriction whatever,
and has been sufficiently discussed in what I
have already said upon the general subject of
land bounty; and I simply add to what I have
already said upon the general subject by say-
ing that I hope it will not be adopted. I have
before me a report from the Committee on the
Public Lands of the House, made at the pres-
ent session, and in which I-concurred, touch-
ing the giving of land bounties to the soldiers
of the late war without restrictions as to set-
tlement. I ask the Clerk to read the para-
graph which I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The history of military land bounties is instruct-
ive. More than seventy-three million acres in all
have been appropriated for military and naval pur-
poses, the effect of which has been far more ruinous
to the country than benefieial to the soldier and sea-
man. The warrants issued for the lands granted
were to be located only by the soldier. It was soon
provided, however, that he might locate them by an
agent, and finally they were made assignable. The
Commissioner ®f the General Land Office says that
of the Mexican war bounty-land warrants the rec-
ords of his office show that not one in five hundred
of those issued and placed in the hands of the sol-
diers, or their heirs, has been located by them or for
their use; and he estimates that not to exceed ten
per cent, of them have been used by preeuiptors, as
assignees in payment lor actual settlement, the re-
mainder having gone into the clutches of the specu-
lator. While the, soldier was cheated out of his
warrant, or sold it at a very low rate, the public
domain, which should have been free to him and to
ail other poor men, has been absorbed by monopo.
lists, who have fixed upon itsuch tariff as they could
exact from those in search of homes. In none of
our legislation on the subject of military bounties
has there been any precaution taken against the
monopoly of the soil, or in favor of the rights of set-
tlers ; and while the soldier has received littl'e or
no benefit, the settlement and development of the
country have been greatly retarded."
Mr. HAWLBY. I am heartily in favor of
the substitute offered to this bill by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Juliax,] chairman of
the Committee on the Public Lands. I have
the honor to be a member of that committee,
and was present when tlie substitute which he
offered was considered and adopted by the
Land Committee. It provides that every hon-
orably-discharged officer, soldier, sailor, or
marine who served for ninety days during the
late rebellion shall receive credit for the time
he served, "the time of service to be counted
as part of the five years." Bat, sir, it is not
wise or safe to go further.
Any policy which gives title without settle-
ment cannot be justified or successfully de-
fended. It will be of no substantial advantage
to the soldier, and will work irreparable wrong
to the settler and to the country. If onr bounty
laws do not provide for sufficient compensation
to the soldier in money, give him more. If
our present pension laws do not provide suffi-
cient compensation for the wounded and dis-
abled veterans of our Army, their widows and
orphans, let their pensions be increased. They
are the wards of the nation, and as such they
should be and must be faithfully cared and
provided for.
Mr. Speaker, I have but expressed my pro-
found convictions, and in doing so I know
full well that I Ertn liable to be misrepresented
if not misunderstood. In what I have said I
have simply done what I conceived to be my
duty. I know -that many will not concur in
the views tbus expressed. I rest in the con-
viction that, whatever may now be thought of
my views upon this subject, the future will
demonstrate that the course I have pointed out
is the only safe and proper one to be pursued.
I believe the only true policy to be pursufed
in reference to the public1 lands is to preserve
them for settlement only under the homestead
and pregmption laws, except in so fafras Con-
gress may, from time to time, make limited
grants for purposes of education. For this
purpose I had the honor to introduce a bill
at the present session. To the great body of
the people, to the nation at large, I believe
this land question to be the most important
question of the day.
Before concluding my remarks upon this
subject I desire to call attention to the sub-
stitute to this bill proposed by tbe gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] With all due
respect to that gentleman, it may be truthfully
said that if adopted it will accomplish nothing
whatever. It proposes to extend the provis-
ions of the bounty law of September 28, 1850,
to the soldiers and sailors of the late war, with
this proviso:
Provided, koteever. That no person shall locate
land warrants issued under the provisions of this
act and held by assignment for more than a quarter
section of land, and for actual settlement only,
under such regulations as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may prescribe.
This proposed substitute accomplishes noth-
ing whatever, for this reason: it provides
that eaeh soldier and sailor may, if he desires,
assign his warrant for one hundred and-sixty
acres of land, but the person to whom he
assigns his warrant can hold it "for actual set-
tlement only," as in the language of the pro-
viso. Such assignee gains nothing whatever by
obtaining the warrant, because it would only
give him th? right to settle upon a hundred
and sixty acres as a homestead, and that right
he now has in common with all citizens of the
United States. If, however, by the proviso
it is meant that the assignee shall be entitled
to a patent when he first enters upon the land
"and no period of settlement is required, then
the proviso might as well be stricken out, for
it is a mere delusion, having simply the sem-
blance of the homestead policy with none of
its spirit. It will open as wide the door of
fraud and wrong, and the evils to result would
perhaps be greater than & naked land-bounty
bill without color of limitation or restriction
as regards transfer or settlement. If such be
the meaning of the proviso, the land sharks
will only have to employ a corps of land grab-
bers to go upon the lands and occupy them
just long enough to have the patents made
out, when they can repeat the same operation
indefinitely upon other tracts, and thus the
same person may obtain a "settlement" ind
a patent for many different tracts during the
period of a single year.
Mr. Speaker, let us not be misled or de- i
eeived. Let us proceed with caution in a mat-
ter of so grave importance to the great body
ctf the people. That the nation owes a debt of
gratitude to its brave defenders, who upon land
and sea during the late war maintained its
honor and integrity, we all keenly realize and
appreciate. No man mOre than myself realizes
the service they have rendered To the country.
For such service a grateful people will ever
honor them; and the passing years, which in
their flight do but tarnish all things else, will
add increasing luster to their renown. Let not
our love for them and our admiration for their
patriotism and valor lead us to the commission
of an act of folly which neither we nor those
who tome after us can recatl.
Mr. SrOUGHTON. I rise for the purpose
of moving the previous question on the bill
and amendments; bat before doing so I yield
for a moment to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. BorcHabd,] that he may offer a single
amendmentdesigued to make the phraseology
of the bill plainer.
Tbe SPEAKER. No motion to amend can
be entertained during the pendency of the mo-
tion to recommit. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] withdraw bis motion
for the purpose of allowing this amendment
to be offered?
Mr. HO L54AN. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the amendment will be entertained.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend the
original bill-by inserting after the word "set-
tlers," in line forty of page 2, (being section
one of the bill,) the words "nor shall such
assignee have 166 right to acquire any other
homestead under Said acts."
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not renew my mo-
tion to recommit; but I suggest to the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Stocghton] that he
call the previous question on the pending
amendments, not on the bill.
Mr. BURCHARD. I desire to explain that
the amendment which I have offered is de-
signed to make clear what I understand from
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stouoh-
ton"] to be. the intention of the measure. The
bill is designed, as I understand, though the
object is not clearly expressed, to exhaust
both homestead rights: that of the soldier and
that of the actual settler.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stoughtox] is now entitled to
one hour to close the debate.
Mr. SIOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, in the
limited time which I propose to occupy, I can
only offer afew reasons why, in my opinion, the
bill reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs ought to pass without amendment. In
the first place, it confers a substantial benefit
on all the soldiers of the Republic. Let us
for a moment examine the leading features
of the bill. It provides that every Boldier
may enter one hundred* and sixty acres of any
public land—not simply the reserved rail-
road lands, but any lands, whether railroad or
other lauds. Then follow several provisos, to
which I will briefly allude. The first is, that
the homestead settler may have one year in
which to commence his settlement. This is
a great benefit to the soldiers. It w.ill enable
them to arrange their affairs at home in order
to emigrate to the West. It will enable them
to form colonies, so that they may go ont in
strong force and thus be enabled to defend
themselves from Indian aggressions, while at
the same time it will increase the value of the
lands upon which they settle.
Again, the bill provides that the time which
the soldier has served in tbe Army shall be .
deducted from the time necessary to acquire
title. Why should not such a provision be
adopted'? If the soldier has served three years
in tbe Army, can we offer him a more appro-
priate reward than by enacting that his term
of military service shall be deducted from the
time necessary to acquire a homestead in the
public domain? It is right and just, and will
command the approbation of all classes of
citizens.
There is also a provision that the soldier
who is entitled to these rights may assign
them, not to every person, but to any other
person who is entitled to enter a homestead.
It does not appropriate one acre of the public
domain that is not otherwise liable to home-
stead' entry. This provision ought to be
adopted, because without it bat few of the
soldiers of this Republic will receive any benefit
whatever from the bill.
What objection is there to this? It is said
by some gentlemen on this floor that these
rights will be assigned and wilt go into the
hands of speculators. This might be the case
if the substitute of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hot.majj] should-be adopted; but the
objection cannot apply to the provision of this
bill. The soldier is allowed one year in whi<5h
to enter the land and commence settler/lent;
or, if he pleases, he may assign his right in
the land, his inchoate title, to any other person
who desires to actually settle upon the land
as a homestead. It' he does not make such
settlement before the -year expires tbe land
reverts to the Government.
It is not true, in my opinion, as has been
said here, that the soldiers will be swindled
out of these lands by "sharpers." ^The sol-
diers, sir, came from the best part of the citi-
zens of the country. They have returned to
their usual associations. They are found in
lawyers' offices; they are fouird in doctors'
