1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
offices ; they are found in workshops; they are I
found among the artisans; they are found
among every class of citizens; they are the
men, sir, who preserved the third of this <
Republic from treason, and I rather think |
they can take care of one hundred and sixty J
acres of western land. '
Mr. HAWLEY. With the gentleman's per- i
mission, I will ask whether the report of the '
Commissioner of the General Land Office does
not exhibit the fact that not one oat of five
hundred of the soldiers of the Mexican war ;
who received bounty-land warrants under the '
act of 1850 ever settled upon the public land? !
Mr. STOUGHTON. The gentleman has sent
up that report to the desk to be read, and I
suppose he ought to be acquainted with the \
contents of his own paper. It is not material
for this inqairy whether those lands were
located by the soldiers or those to whom they 1
assigned them. This is not a bounty bill. The
old bonnty act gave one hundred and sixty
acres-of land.
Mr. HAWLEY. What were they worth?
Mr. STOUGHTON. It does not matter
what they were worth. They may have depre- '
ciated. He will find theyare worth par to-day '
if he goes into the market to buy them.
Again, it contains another provision, and ,
that is, that any soldier who became disabled
in the Army may settle one hundred and sixty
acres by an agent. This provision is limited ■
only to those soldiers who have become so per- r
manently disabled in the Army as to unfit
them for manual labor. It seems to me that t
this is right and reasonable. There may be i!
men who wish to acqnire one hundred and sixty if
acres in the western country. They may riot ji
be physically able to improve them themselves 1J
in consequence of wounds or other disability
incurred in the line of duty. Why not give ii
them the right to' put an agent on the land, [
and serve out the time of settlement? il
In no instance is it a bounty bill. Itrequires j
settlement to be made in every ease. There is !|
not an instance where one hundred and sixty
acres can be taken from the Government <j
unless they are actually settled. • ■!
Again, sir, the provisions of this bill are in j
conformity to the general policy of our home- i
stead law. No land is granted except for J
actual settlement. It is actual settlement upon
the land which constitutes the true principle
of the homestead law. We are not bound to '
sacrifice the rights of soldiers to the abstrac-
tions of the chairman of the Committee on the
Public Lands, [Mr. Julian-,] or the gentleman -
from Illinois, [.Mr. Hawley.] Those.gentle- '
men seem to go upon the theory that the Gov-
ernment was made for the homestead law, and
not that the homestead law was made to secure •
the welfare of the people and the Government. ;
Is there anything go sacred in the law that it
cannot be temporarily modified to reward the .
bravery and devotion of the American soldier?
We give the foreigner, the moment he steps
upon the shores of this country and declares
his intention to become a citizen, one hundred ,
and sixty acres of as fair land as there is under :
the sun. Why not make the provision broader !
and more beneficial to the sons of the soil j
themselves who have served three years in a 1
perilous war and to those foreigners who have
earned their citizenship in the fire and smoke
of battla?
Mr. Speaker, the bill in its orginal form, if
it passes this House, will doubtless become the
law, and it is equally certain the substitute of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.max]
would fail in the Senate. It is a defective
bonnty bill, with no guards Or checks against
frauds or monopolies. It proposes much, it is
true, but will effect nothing in all probability
but the defeat of its own object. It may,
indeed, enable gentlemen to mate a plausible
record oh this floor, but it will be at the ex-
pense of the soldiers, is it possible that", gen-
tlemen are acting the part of Joab when he
whispered in the car of the Jewish captain,
"Art thou in health, my brother ?'! and at the
\ same time stabbed him under the fifth rib?
i It is time, Mr. Speaker, that we cease to
• temporize with the soldier. The gentleman
j from Illinois has told ns that he hoped the
; equalization bill we passed and sent to the Sen-
j ate would become the law. He knows, and
I probably every gentleman of the House knows,
| that bill will never become the law. It will
i cost at least $102,000,000, almost as much as
j we have paid of the public debt in a whole
j year, and taxed the people heavily to do it.
If this bill passes it will not cost a single
'< dollar in money, or impose a dollar of taxa-
tion, but will add much to the settlement of
the debt. Let us, then, pass this bill; let us
do ^his act of justice to the soldiers. It is
, what they ask, and it will satisfy their reason-
■ able demands.
I now yiefd fifteen minutes to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Asper.]
Mr. ASPER. There are but a few moments
left before the House will be called upon to
vote on this bill and the amendments which
have been offered. I propose in the few min-
utes in which I shall address the House to
contrast the bill and amendments and see, if
possible, which of the various propositions
ought to meet the general favor of the House
and receive its vote.
It is generally considered, sir, that some-
thing should be done in the way of giving or
granting homesteads to the soldiers; that some
j| after two years the party who enters upon the
j| land and improves it can secure bis patent and
| have his title free from any claim. He can
! have his homestead free and a title from the
| Government itself.
| The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Ho i„ma hi
j proposes that we shall give land warrants to
i the soldiers. His proposition is to extend the
j provisions of the bounty-land act of 1850 to
j the sbldiers of the late war. But how does
; the gentleman propose in his substitute to do
: this ? He proposes that the soldier shall have
j a title frem the beginning, from the time he
gets his certificate and enters that certificate
j upon any given tract of land; that he shall then
i have something that is transferable and is
j marketable and may be sold as the title to any
jj other land may be sold.
: Now, does the gentleman from Indiana
; [Mr. Hoi-man"] propose thereby to give any
, new benefit, any additional benefit to the sol-
j dier? If he does, it seems to me that he is
mistaken in the means which he uses to secure
i the end. For, sir, how is he to get these cer-
j tificates ? Is he to make his application for a
| bounty-land warrant, in the ordinary way in
| which this has been done? He makes his
i application, and how does he make it? He
I must go to the lawyer, or the claim agent or
! attorney, and will be compelled to pay a fee.
ji And if it be true that we have two million five
; hundred thousand persons in the United States
_ . , - - who would be entitled to the benefits under this
advantage should be given to the soldier over I; bill we would at least have two million per-
and above that which is given to the citizen at !l sons who would make application for bounty
large; that that much is due to the soldier j| lands, and it would cost the soldiers—supposing
because of the service he has rendered to the '[ tfrey paid ten dollars each—it would cost them
country. Now, we propose in the bill which j< in the neighborhood of twenty million dollars,
has been reported by the Committee on Mili- jj which would go into the pockets of claim
tary Affairs to give that advantage to the sol- !: agents and attorneys all over the country, men
dier, the man who has served ninety days and jj who would turn their attention to obtaining
over and has been honorably discharged; we i these bounty-land warrants.
propose to give him aa advantage over the jj Mr. HOLMAN. Will tjiegentleman permit'
ordinary citizen. And what is that advantage? j' me to ask him a question ?
We propose that he shall be able to locate '! Mr. ASPER. Certainly.
upon any of our Government lands one hun- j; Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire of my
dred and sixty acres, and that he may have i friend from Missouri [Mr. AsperJ whether it
three years of the five required for residence j; is not beneficial to a soldier to have an oppor-
upon the homestead to entitle him to the pat-
ent credited to htm in consequence of the ser-
vice which he rendered in the Army. In addi-
tion to that, we propose that he may assign
that privilege for location, within one year, to
any other citizen of the United States, or any
individual proposing to become a citizen, who
is entitled to the privilege of the homestead
laVs. He can assign to no other person, but
must assign to an individual entitled to the
benefits of the homestead laws, and to no
other: and when that assignment takes place
the soldier who has received the certificate of
location, and the assignee of the soldier's cer-
tunity to locate a quarter section of land and
dispose of it at once, instead of being obliged
to wait five years under the homestead law
before he can dispose of it?
Mr. ASPER. It seems to me that there is
no benefit to be derived from that source over
and above the benefit which the committee
propose to give in the bill reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs. In my judg-
ment the proposition would be an absolute
injury to the soldier, for it requires a repetition
of proceedings which we have heretofore bad
in these matters, and consequently an expense
to the soldiers. But under the bill of the
tificate, have exhausted the benefit of the home- lj committee the soldier locates his land, thefees
stead laws, and neither of them can again enter
any other homestead under the law. j
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hawi.ey] |
in his very able speech says that in that you I
discriminate against the soldier and cut him j
off from the right to enter the one hundred and !
sixty acres in the future. But so youdiscrim- j
inate against any individual who has located a j
homestead, whether he be a soldier or not. If !
he has made his location, if he has entered 1
upon his land, if he has made the required !
improvement and continuous settlement for jj
five years, he is entitled under the laws to his j
patent, and that homestead can then be trans- •;
ferred by him, and that individual cannot again I
under the laws enter a homestead, because he !
has exhausted his right and his privilege in that •
regard.
1 may state also that we propose to give the
benefit of this bill to the wife or the widow
and the children of the soldier. He may assign
his right to them, or they may have the benefit
in case of the death of the soldier. Now, there
is a valuable thing which he assigns. It is his
service in the Army of three years. It reduces
the mnabwr df years of residence to two. And
for which would be in the neighborhood of
ten dollars. By that he secures a certificate
of location, which certificate, if he does not
desire himself to settle on his land, is avaluable
thing which he can transfer in the market to
any person entitled to locate a homestead.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me one further question?
Mr. ASPER. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the soldier derive
the same benefit from a land warrant?
Mr. ASPER. lie might get more benefit
from a land warrant. But we propose to give
him a certificate of location which he may sell
if he himself is unable to go upon the land
and improve it. That will be more benefit to
him than a land warrant, because the party who
purchases the certificate of location has the
benefit of the threeyears' service of the soldier
in the time of settlement required to secure a
homestead. Bdt in the ease of a land warrant
there is no such benefit in the matter of resi-
dence. Therefore, wh'at benefit to the soldier
is a laud warrant except the bare pittance he
maybe able to get for it? According to the
report of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
