1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
The next amendment was to strike out in
section ten, page 9, the words " and out of the
appropriation for ' miscellaneous.' "
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert on page
11, line thirteen, in the section relating to the
oath of office, the following:
And this path may bo taken before any officer,
civil or military, holding a commission under the
United States; and such officer is hereby authorized
to administer and certify suck oath.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
whole of section twenty, on page 12, as follows:
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General shall furnish to the Department of
State, for the Biennial Register, a list of all officers,
agents, postmasters, clerks, and other employes in
his Department, giving the amount of compensation,
pay, and emoluments of each, with the State in which
he was born and where he is employed; and also a
correct statement of all allowances made to each
contractor for carrying the mail, showing the sum
paid as stipulated by the original contract, and that,
paid as additional allowance.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. May I ask
why it is proposed to strike out that section ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is provided for
in another part of the bill. This section, there-
fore, is unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to sec-
tion twenty-three, on page 14, relating to the
duties of the Auditor of the Treasury for the
Post Office Department, the following:
He shall also superintend the collection of all pen-
alties and forfeitures arising under other statutes
where such penalties and forfeitures are the conse-
quence of unlawful acts affecting the revenues or
property of the Post Office Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out on
page 14, from section twenty-four, line three,
the words "by him especially designated."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out
from section twenty-eight, on page 16, the
words " the Postmaster General shall certify
to the Auditor for the Post Office Department
all cases of death or resignation of postmas-
ters," and to insert the following:
Wheneverthe office of the postmaster shallbecome
vacant by reason of death or resignation, or by the
expiration of the commission of a postmaster, or his
rejection by the Senate, or by the neglect or refusal
oi any person to tako charge of tho post office to
which he is appointed, it shall be the duty of the
Postmaster General or the President (as the case
may be) to supply such vacancy without delay ; and
it shall be the duty of the Postmaster General
promptly to notify the Auditor of the change; and
cveiy postmaster and his sureties shall be responsi-
ble under their bond for the safe-keeping of the
public property of the post office and the due per-
formance of the duties thereof until the expiration
ol the commission, or until a successor shall have
been duly appointed and_ qualified and shall have
taken possession of the office: Provided nevertheless,
'that in cases where there shall be unnecessary
delay in supplying such vacancy the sureties may
terminate their responsibility by giving notice in
writing to the Postmaster General, such termination
to take effect ten days after sufficient time shall
have elapsed to receive a reply fiom the Postmaster
General: And provided also. That the Postmaster
General may, when thet exigencies of the service
require, place such office in charge of a special agent
until the vacancy can be regularly filled; and when
such special agent shall have taken charge of such
post office, the liability of the sureties of the post-
master shall cease.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out on
page IS, in section thirty three, the words '' for
the Pacific coast," and also the words "at the
rate of $'2,500 per annum, andof other special
agents so that the section will read:
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted. That the salary
of tho special agents of the Post Office Department
shall beat therateof not more than $1,600 per annum;
and they shall be allowed for necessary traveling and
incidental expenses, while actively employed in the
service, a sum not exceeding five dollars a day.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
section thirty-seven, on page 19, the follow-
ing:
The Postmaster General may appoint two resident
agent5 to take charge of the mail service across the
Isthmus of Panama, who shall be allowed for salary
and personal expenses, out of the appropriation for
transportation of the mail, at the rate of not more
than $3,000 per annum.
And to insert the following :
The Postmaster General may establish resident
mail agencies at the ports of Panama and Aspin-
wall, (New Granada,) Havana. (Cuba,) and St.
Thomas, and such other foreign ports at which
United States mail steamers touch to land andreceive
mails, as may in his judginentpromotethe efficiency
of the foreign mail service ; and may pay the agents
employed by him at such ports, out of the appropri-
ation for transportation of the mail, a reasonable
compensation for their services, and the necessary
expenses for office rent, clerk hire, office furniture,
and other incidentals to bo allowed him at each of
such agencies.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 20, sec-
tion thirty-eight, relating to agents on China
and Honolulu steamers, to strike out the word
"and" and to insert the words "and New
York to Rio Janeiro."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 20, sec-
tion thirty-nine, to insert in line four the words
" or at Yokohama, Japan and in line five
the word " any ;" so that the section will read :
Sec. 39. And be it further cnacted. That the Post-
master General may establish, in connection with the
mail steamship servico to Japan and China, a gen-
eral postal agency at Shanghai, China, or at Yoko-
hama, Japan, with such branch agencies at any other
ports in China and Japan as he shall deem necessary
for tho prompt and efficient management of the
postal service in those countries; and he may pay the
postal agents employed thereat a reasonable com-
pensation for their services, in addition to the neces-
sary expenses for rent, furniture, clerk hire, and inci-
dental expenses.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following amendment was read :
Insert on page 2n, ns section fifty-eight, the follow-
ing:
Sec. 58. And he it further enacted. That all fines and
penalties imposed fornny violation of any law relat-
ing to the Post Office Department, or of any other
law where such violation affects the revenue or prop-
erty of the Post Office Department, shall, when col-
lected or recovered, be paid into the Treasury, to the
credit of the United States, for the use of the Post
Office Department; excepting, however, such part
thereof as may, by law, belong to the party inform-
ing or prosecuting for the same.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Why does
the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads insert those words, " for
the use of the Post Office Department?" Why
not let it go into the Treasury, as other sums
do? Why complicate accounts?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is this reason
for it: that it enables the Post Office Depart-
ment to ascertain at the close of the year how
much has been received from fines and penal-
ties imposed under the laws in relation to that
Department into the Treasury.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Congress at
its last session provided that all unexpended
balances should be paid into the Treasury, so
that we should know exactly where we stand.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There are some-
times large fines and penalties, amounting to
many hundred thousands of dollars ; and it is
convenient that there should be a record kept
of them.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Well, I will
not press my objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following amendment was read:
Amend section ninety-four, by striking out the
following:
And m San Francisco, California, he may pay such
additional salaries to carriers as will secure the ser-
vices of competent persons.
Mr. SARGENT. The object of that amend-
ment, I believe, is to deprive the Postmaster
General of the power he now has to allow such
additional sum above the $800 a year as will
secure the services of letter-carriers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, that is so.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I wish to make a
remark. It is impossible to procure persons
to perform this service of letter-carrying in
San Francisco at $800 a year. To place that
limit is simply to suspend the system of letter-
carrying in San Francisco. .If the object is
entirely to suspend tho system in San Francisco,
which has just been inaugurated, and which is
now in operation to the satisfaction of the citi-
zens, then this motion will effect that object.
But I ask the House not to cut down the pay
of letter-carriers to the uniform rate of $800,
when the effect of that action will be simply to
deprive us on the Pacific coast of having that
operation performed at all.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. The fixing of sala-
ries of letter-carriers was passed in 1866. At
that time it was supposed that it cost more to
live in San Francisco than in any other city in
the United States. We used to pass laws
then giving higher salaries to Government
employes in San Francisco and on the Pacific
coast than elsewhere, because of the increased
cost of living there. But now men can be
employed for this service, as well there as
elsewhere, for the wages provided. Labor is
no higher than in other cities. The cost of
living is no higher, and, in the opinion of the
committee, it is not proper that this distinc-
tion shall be made, or that authority shall be
given to the Postmaster General or to any
other official to make distinction in the sala-
ries in cities where the expense of living is no
greater in the one than in the other. We
have no feeling in this matter.
Mr. SARGENT. Of course I understand
the gentleman has no personal feeling about
the matter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Although the act
approved for the letter-carrying system passed
in 1866, they never established the system in
San Francisco until 1868.
Mr. SARGENT. That was because the
compensation was too small. When the Post-
master General was authorized to put the salary
at the enhanced price, the service was com-
menced. There is no laborer in that portion
of the country who can be employed for less
than $800. I trust that the section will be
allowed to stand as it was originally. There
is no danger that there will be any abuse of
the power authorized by this section. It has
not been abused heretofore. It has been exer-
cised in such a way as to allow the service to
be performed. I do not believe it is the desire
of this House to deprive a city of one hun-
dred and fifty or one hundred and seventy-
five thousand inhabitants of the benefits of a
free-delivery system, in order to save fifty or
a hundred dollars on the salary of a letter-
carrier. I say here, on my responsibility as a
member, that the reason why we had no such
service, before was because we could not got
even the commonest persons to deliver letters
for the salaries offered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am certainly very
much mistaken if the Ppstm aster General ever
ordered the free-delivery letter-carrier system
to be established in San Francisco until during
the past summer. No trial of the system was
ever made there before. It was not estab-
lished in any part of the United States until
recently. If it is true, contrary to all the other
information I have obtained,"that it costs more
to live in San Francisco, and that labor is higher
there than in Chicago, New York, and Phila-
delphia, a distinction might perhaps properly
be made.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] says that it is safe to trust this discretion
with the heads of Departments. I have as much
confidence in the Postmaster General as any
other man can have; I kuow he is as wise and
discreet as any other head of a Department.
But I do not think that any of them are wise
enough to justify us in placing discretion of' this
kind in the head of any Department. And the
great trouble is, that where this discretion is
allowed the officer is continually importuned
tfi pvpffiip it
Mr. AXTELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. AXTELL. In relation to the free-
delivery system in San Francisco, I desire to
