858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Julian,] the chairman of the Committee on
the Public Lands, there may be more than
two millions of these land warrants issued,
requiring more than three hundred million
acres of lands to satisfy them. N«w I would
like to know whether such a land warrant
would have any appreciable value in the mar-
ket centers of thecountry, where value is fixed
upon land warrants ?
The bill of the committee, however, proposes
to give the soldier something for which he can
get a valuable consideration, for a certificate
of location would be valuable. .In the case of
a soldier who has lost a limb, or in the case of
the widow or child of a soldier nnable in per-
son to settle the land, tlie land can be located
through an agent, who can proceed to erect a
house upon the land so located and to make
such other improvements as will secure the
ordinary comforts of a home. In that, it seems
to me, the committee propose to give a valuable
thing. Sir, it seems to me that of the advan-
tages proposed by these various propositions
to be given to the soldier the preference is
immensely on the side of the bill reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs.
And besides, it is the otjly bill, in my opin-
ion, which we can pass through Congress. If
we pass a bounty-land warrant bill which will
give to some two millions of soldiers one
hundred and sixty acres each we might pass
it here, because we do not wish to array our-
selves against the soldiers of the country. But
can any such bill pass the Senate ? Will not
the question arise in the minds of Senators
whether such a proposition will not exhaust
all our public lands and leave no opportunity
for the poor man to go upon the public lands
and secure a homestead? It seems to me,
therefore, that we ought to pass this bill and
to vote down the substitutes of both the gen-
tlemen from Indiana, [Mr. Holman and Mr.
' JuLIAX.]
Mr JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. AS PER. Certainly.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Is a soldier, in
order 10 obtain the benefits of this bill, required
to be a citizen of the United States? And is
any difference made between a volunteer sol-
dier and a drafted soldier or a substitute?
Mr. ASPER. I do not think there is any
such distinction made in any of the proposi-
tions.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I think there
bhould be a distinction made between an alien
and a citizen, and between a volunteer soldier
who served from motives of patriotism and a
substitute who was influenced by motives of
gain.
Mr. ASPER. The soldier is to be a citizen,
or an alien who has declared his intention to
become a citizen. And by an amendment
made to our naturalization laws an alien who
has served one year in the Army or Navy of
the United States and received an honorable
discharge can be naturalized at any time, with-
out further declaration of intention, and then
will be entitled to receive the benefit of this
bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now yield ten min-
utes to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Packard.]
Mr. PACKARD. Mr. Speaker, this House
now has an opportunity to do a good work in
the passage of this bill, as reported from the
committee, and for one I regret that any
amendments have been proposed to it. It
seems to me that this House ought to pass the
bill in precisely the terras in which the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have reported it,
and I think so for reasons which I will, as
briefly as possible, now give. And first, I want
to notice two or three things that fell from the
lips of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Haw-
let,] who made a somewhat elaborate speech
upon this measure. Much of that speech I
agree with, much of it I heartily indorse. And
in so far as it applies to the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
I agree with him entirely. He stated that
grants of lands without restrictions are vicious.
Of course I agree with him in that. Grants of
land without any restriction, a general bounty
land bill, such as is the substitute,,would pre-
sent to us many evils, and I presume would
fail to pass the House. But the bill as reported
from the committee provides all necessary re-
strictions. It hedges around the grant of lands
to soldiers with just such restraints as are
needed, as will protect the soldier, as will pro-
tect other settlers, and as will do just that
which ought to be done for him, and at the
same time will not in any degree interfere with
the public land system of the United Stjates,
as shown in the existing homestead laws.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of this
measure because the soldier can make the
assignment of his land, to which the gentle-
man from Illinois objected, with advantage to
himself and with advantage to the Govern-
ment and with advantage to some other man
who is landless. If there is any principle
which we ought to sanction and sustain here
it is that the men of this country who want
land shall have land. Land for the landless
is what we want. That is the true principle.
Mr. HAW LEY. How can that policy better
be carried out than by adhering steadily to the
principles of the homestead law ?
Mr. PACKARD. I agree with the gentle-
man entirely, and I am coming to that ques-
tion. It is because I wish to give an advan-
tage to the soldier over and above that whieh
we give to the ordinary citizen that I am in
favor of this bill. Now, when the soldier makes
an assignment he must make that assignment
to a man generally who is landless, because
no other would wish to go to the public lands
of the United States and make his settlement.
Hence, while there might be soldiers so cir-
cumstanced that they cannot settle the land
for themselves, they will have under this bill
the privilege of assigning it to a man who is
without land, and who may be permitted to
secure a home for himself, and that is an
advantage both to the soldier, in the amount
received from the assignee, and to the settler,
as it enables him to make a home of double
the value he could by taking in his own right.
The gentleman from Illinois has told us, as
we have been told before, that it is no advan-
tage for any person to acquire the lands so
assigned, because he would have the same
right to take lands under the homestead ltew
that the soldier has. That is not the case, for
he does not have the same right. The soldier
can go upon the double minimum lands and
take one hundred and sixty acres, while the
ordinary citizen can take but eighty acres of
the double minimum lands. Hence, the as-
signment is valuable to the assignee.
Now, the gentleman from Illinois told us
that the Grand Army Journal is opposed to
this principle, as introduced in the substitute
of the gentleman from Indiana, the general
system of issuing bounty-land warrants ; and
that is true. But he forgot to state that the
Grand Army Journal pubjished a bill almost
identical with this bill of ours, and advocated
it, heading the article by saying, " This is our
soldiers' homestead bill." When this bill was
introduced that paper spoke of it approvingly,
stating that they would be satisfied with just
such a measure as that reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
I am in favor of the bill for another reason,
because it is in the direction of the equaliza-
tion of bounties. Every one will recognize
the fact that the soldier who served three years
is more deserving than the soldier who served
but three months. The soldiers themselves
will admit that. When we give a man a home-
stead we want to give him on# hundred and
sixty acres ; and how can we attain an equal-
ization ? By doing just what this bill pro-
poses—by deducting from the time required
for occupancy the time which the soldier served
in the Army. In this we give him a great
advantage. The soldier who served three
years can have the whole of that time deducted
from the term- of occupancy ordinarily re-
quired. In this way the merits of the soldiers
are recognized in accordance with their respect-
ive terms of service.
I am for this- bill for another reason : be-
cause, as I have before stated, it will encour-
age settlement. It secures lands to the land-
less, and, in effect, to many who have not
served as soldiers; for where the soldier can-
not or does not desire to settle the land him-
self he may and necessarily must assign his
right to one who will settle it, and generally
to one who is landless. The sentiment of the
Committee on the Public Lands is that the
principle of settlement should be adhered to
as a vital one. In this respect the bill is pre-
cisely in accordance with the views of that
committee.
Again, this bill provides for the widows and
orphans of the soldiers, who are crying to the
Congress of the United States to do something
for them. I have received numerous letters
from the widows of those whojiave fallen in
battle, saying to me in substance, " Can you
not do something for us who are more in need
than the able-bodied man, .who is able to go
out and make settlement for himself? We
have lost our natural protectors by the exi-
gencies of the service, and we are not able to
derive any benefit from the measure which
was passed last summer. Can you not do
something for us?" This bill provides for
that class. It provides also for the disabled
soldier. It enables the man who has been
placed upon the pension-roll of the United
States to assign his right or to make settle-
ment by an ageut. Thus he will derive from
this bill benefits which he cannot obtain un-
der any of the other measures now before the
House. On the other hand, the substitute pro-
posed by the gentleman from Indiana gives to
all—the able-bodied, the maimed, the widow,
and the orphan child—only a warrant, which
must necessarily be of little or no value. By
the substitute you—
" Keep the word bf promise to the ear.
And break it to the hope."
And finally, I am for this bill because it
provides that those who have already, under
existing laws, taken eighty acres and settled
thereon may receive eighty more—a measure
of justice and equality ignored by both the
substitutes.
It is.true that the nation owes to its citizen
soldiery a debt that never can be canceled,
and the only one that cannot be. Many and
many a soldier endured sacrifices and priva-
tions that no money can compensate, and we
must be reminded of this whenever we see, as
we often do, a sleeve armless, an eye sightless,
and children fatherless. Let us be careful that
we do not excite hopes in these men, these
widows, these orphan children that will turu
to ashes on their lips.
The bill of the committee is a great measure
of justice and right, the substitute is a snare
and a delusion. The bill points to a heme
and home comforts and joys, the substitute
invites the cupidity of the speculator. The bill
encourages settlement, the substitute discour-
ages it. By the bill we secure a great good to
the soldiers, and at the same time encourage
the development of the country. It ought to
pass, and I appeal to the Representatives of
the people to do this work.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STOUGHTON. 1 now yield ten min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan.]
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I favor the bill
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs,
first, because it is in the direction of settling
the lands of the country. We have heard u
great deal during the last few years about re-
taining the public lands for settlement by per-
