1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
But he does not want this discretion. This is
a kind of way in which salaries may be unne-
cessarily increased.
I am the last man in the world to want a
man to' work for less than his services are
worth, or for less than you can obtain like
services for from other parties. But I believe
that in every city of the United States where,
the system has been adopted competent men
can be obtained for from eight hundred to one
thousanddollarsperannum. From the knowl-
edge that I possess, and the reports which have
been made to me, I have no hesitation in say-
ing that there are applying for these positions,
more than can obtain them, hundreds and
thousands of men perfectly qualified to do this
business in the different cities where the sys-
tem is in operation. Any reason which would
induce us to increase the salaries of the letter-
carriers will apply when gentlemen ask us to
increase the salaries of everybody else; and if
we begin here no man can tell where we will
stop.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads considered this subject very attentively
at the last session of Congress. Delegations
of letter-carriers from the different cities were
here. They came before us and made their
statements, and I believe the committee unani-
mously agreed that this was no time to com-
mence raising salaries ; and they directed me
to report against the increase of salaries. I
therefore ask the House to support the com-
mittee in their decision, and to leave this matter
where we have left it.
Mr. MYERS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. MYERS. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether there is any reason why you should
decrease the salaries of these letter-carriers by
charging the uniforms?
Mr. FAllNSWORTH. In reply to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers,] I
will say that it is necessary that the letter-car-
riers should have some kind of uniform, some-
thing to distinguish them from other persons
in the cities where they discharge their duties.
We have an amendment incorporated in this
bill extending the postal law over these letter-
carriers, protecting them from all manner of
assault and interruptions in the discharge of
their duties, and giving the United States
courts jurisdiction over such cases, as in the
case of obstructing the carrying of the mails.
It is necessary, therefore, that they should have
something to distinguish them from the other
people on the sidewalks, as they hurry along.
And as the letter-carriers must have clothes,
the uniforms which they wear will serve them
for that purpose.
Mr. O'NEILL. I am under the impression
that these men are obliged to purchase new
suits of clothing whenever the postmaster by
whom they are employed thinks they are soiled.
It is said that hundreds of men in this country
are seeking employment at less than $800 a
year; but the men who take these places as |
carriers, as we know by experience in the city
of Philadelphia, at that amount of salary, are
scarcely%ble to live and support their families,
and not at all as men should live who are
obliged to perform the physical labor that letter-
carriers are obliged to perform in the large cities.
Sir, I do not think that there is any class of
men employed in the public service in anv
department of the Government so worthy ol
the liberal consideration of Congress as I
know this class to be.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted upon
the pending amendment.
The question was taken upon Mr. Cox's
amendment,to strikeout "$1,000'' and insert
"$1,200" a.s the compensation of letter-car-
riers; and the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. I will move now to make the
amount 01,100.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Make it athousand, and
I think it will pass. [Laughter.]
41st Conu. 3d Seso.—No. 3.
Mr. COX. It is already that. I would like
to say a word in favor of my amendment, if it
be in'order. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnswortii] says that this matter has been
thoroughly considered by the Post O'ffice Com-
mittee, and also by the Postmaster General.
Well, sir, I do not doubt that the Post Office
Committee has given full consideration to this
question; but they are not the legislators on all
these matters, nor is the Postmaster General
a legislator, and when a case like this is pre-
sented to the discretion of Congress, I would like
to see Congress exercise its own discretion. I
repeat what I said before, there is no class ol
employbs in the United States so meagerly and
meanly paid as these employes. I know this
to be the case.
Gentlemen tell us that everybody will take
these offices. Weil, sir, the whole American
people, ii.eluding the American Congress, are
all rushing after ofiiee, whether it pays them
or not. So far as these offices are concerned,
we trust all our correspondence and valuables
to these men. We require them to givebonds.
Well, gentlemen say that if we pay these men
too little we give them certain privileges ; that
we give them protection in cases of assaultand
battery. Well, they get that under the State
laws. " But while we consider the important
functions performed by these officers, 1 do not
care to have the discretion now placed in the
hand of the Postmaster General removed.
There are cities in which the amount fixed
upon would be ample and sufficient; but there
are others where it would not be sufficient at
all, and in those il is best to leave the com-
pensation of these letter-carriers to the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General.
Mr. CONGER. Probably three fourths of
the membeisof the House represent constituen-
cies that have no free delivery of mail matter.
Now, 1 propose to these gentlemen who pro-
pose to pay the letter carriers an additional sal-
ary that tliey otter anamendment, tbatthosewho
receive mail matter by these carriers shall pay
one cent additional per letter, so that they can
pay their fair proportion of the cost of the mail
service.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
say that the cities of this country pay to the
revenues of the Post Office Department much
more in proportion than any other part of the
country ?
Mr. CONGKIl. Three cents is paid for the
transmission of each letter through the mails ;
and in Older that that letter may be delivered
free to citizens of cities containing fifty thou-
sand inhabitants, every country newspaper by
this bill is charged with postage. The whole
system of the free delivery of newspapers is
done away with, and 'lie rural constituencies
all over the United Slates are compelled to
pay a higher tax in oider that the constituents
of gentlemen living in cities may have their
mails delivered to them free.
And then we have this pleasant spectacle
here of a quarrel or contest among gentlemen
from large cities, urging an increase of pay to
letter-cairiei s who are their constituents, and
a pleasant description of the dress and kind of
boots or caps they are required to wear, and
all at the expense ot my constituents, and ol
1 the constituents of three fourths of tne other
. members of ibis House. Now, why should not
those who receive free their mails, carried to
[ their very doors, pa}' half a cent or otie cent
i more on each letter, and relieve our country
newspapers from the payment of postage, as
i has been done heretofore? Why should we
■ of the country be compelled to pay that addi-
! tiomil postage at all? I for one am opposed
to this whole system of free delivery, unless
it shall embrace the whole people of the Uni-
ted States. There is no justice in it; there is
no propriety in it; and this exhibition of a
contest between gentlemen representing city
constituencies is unworthy of members ot this
House.
The question was taken upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Cox, to increase salaries of' let-
ter-carriers from $1,000 to $1,100 per annum,
and upon a division—ayes 83, noes 78—it was
not adopted.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend this section
by inserting before "per annum" the words
"and after five years' continuous service to
not more than $1,200." The law now pro-
vides that the primary pay of these letter-
carriers shall be $800 per apnum ; but upon
satisfactory evidence of diligence, fidelity, and
experience the Postmaster General may in-
crease their salary to a sum pot exceeding
$1,000 a year. Now, I propose that after five
years of continuous service, thereby establish-
ing the fidelity, efficiency, and integrity of the
man, he shall have an increase of pay consist-
ent with the probable increase of his family
expenses. The gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Conger] says that this is paying for services
rendered to the people of the cities. If that
gentleman, from his home in Michigan, sends
a letter on important business to his corre-
spondent in New York, he wants that letter to
reach him safely and quickly. Now, if the iet-
ter-carrier takes that letter to the man in the
city, that carrier is as much rendering service
to the gentleman from Michigan as he is to the
party to whom the letter is directed. These
letter-carriers are carrying your letters from the
interior of the country to your correspondents,
whether they be relatives or people with whom
you have business connection or otherwise,
when they deliver them at the doors of the
parties to whom you send them. Send your
letters to the geueral office in Philadelphia and
your correspondents may not get them for a
week or a month. They may live twenty miles
from the office, and yet be within the city lim-
its, for the city of Philadelphia is live miles
broad and twenty-six mites and more long.
Therefore the work of a letter-carrier is for
every man or woman who mails a letter to the
city, as well as for the resident of the city who
receives it.
This office of letter-carrier is one of great
x-esponsibility and great temptation. Letters
in large numbers, and often containing money
in large amounts, are placed in the hands of
the letter-carriers. The small reward given
for laborious services oftentimes compels tiie
selection of young, irresponsible, and untried
men for the place. Their labors are more
severe and less remunerative than those of any
other agents of the Government that 1 know of.
Tliey make their first collections before five
o'clock in the morning, even during the winter,
and they make their last delivery after five
o'clock in the evening. No noonday is toohot
for them to walk under the blazing sun on
their long rounds ; nor is any day too tem-
pestuous for the performance of their labori-
ous duty. Now, I propose that we shall let-
the letter-carrier know that by showing his
integrity, his industry, his general efficiency,
he may at the end of two years receive an in-
crease of pay, and at fhe end of five years a
further increase. Thus you will make it on
object to men of character to seek the service
and to endeavor to continue in it.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. FARNSWOllTII. I was about to sug-
gest that the House permit this bill to run on
without reference to the morning hour until
we get through with it. Tins will give other
committees a better opportunity to present
their business.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the House will proceed with the consideration
of this bill without reference to the e.xpirano.i
of the morning hour.
There was no objection.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Kem.ey, there were—ayes 8$, noes 05 ;
no quorum voting.
Mr. KELLEY. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. t* .\HX^v,'on n;
and Mr. KEU.EYwere appointed.
