1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
sons who may desire to go upom them and
establish homes. This bill provides that the
land shall be settled either by the soldier, the
soldier's widow, the soldier's orphan, or a
person to whom the certificate shall be trans-
ferred; the latter stepping in the place of the
soldier, his widow, or orphan, and settling the
land in the same manner that it would be set-
tled by the soldier. The same conditions of
settlement are required; the same labor is to
be performed ; the same survey is to be made;
the same certificate from the Land Office is to
be given. So that the bill does insure the set-
tlement and occupancy of the land either by
the soldier, his heirs, or his assignee. This is
'one of the reasons why I am in favor of the
provisions of the bill as reported.
I do not care to enter into any elaborate
discussion in reference to the measure; but I
desire to call the attention of the House to
some of the amendments and my objections to
one or two of them.
In the first place, the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
as a substitute for the bill provides that a land
warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of land
shall be issued to the soldier, his widow, or
minor children. This is in violation of the
principle which has been initiated by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and which has hereto-
fore received the sanction of the House, that the
public lands shall be kept for settlement and
cultivation. All this cry which has been made
about great corporations absorbing the public
lands of the country which ought to be reserved
for homestead settlement is indirectly, if not
directly, contradicted by the proposition of the
gentleman who of all on this floor has been
loudest in his opposition to these corporations
and in favor of retaining the public lands for
settlement. I refer to the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr, Holman.] He who has been most
earnest in proclaiming that the public lands
must be reserved for settlement and cultiva-
tion, that the Government is to be built up and
enriched by the industry of the people who cul-
tivate the soil, now comes forward and pro-
poses that a warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres of land shall be given to every military
and naval officer, evei'y soldier and marine,
who served in the recent war; a land warrant
for one hundred and sixty acres, subject to
what? Subject to the same rules and regula-
tions as the law of 1850, which gave land war-
rants to persons who had served in the Mexi-
can war, from forty to one hundred and sixty
acres, and authorized them to transfer them
next day to speculators, men who will hold them
as merchandise in the markets of this country.
That is the position of the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] who has cried so loudly for
the settlement of the public lands by soldiers
"and citizens of the country. The issuance of
land warrants insures nothing more than the fact
that they will be all transferred, sooner or later,
into the hands of bankers and speculators,
men who buy them to make merchandise of
them instead of locating them upon the public
lands and settling them.
Officers must have them. General Grant
must have one. General Sherman must have
one. All the officers of the Army will be
entitled to them. Admiral Porter must have
one. All the commodores and captains and
other naval officers must have them. It is
absurd and ridiculous. What do these gen-
tlemen want of land warrants? They have
had sufficient already. And I also will be
entitled to one. I do not want it. I am not
entitled to it in reality. I have no use for it.
I do not want it, and I will not accept it. But,
sir, I do wish the private soldier to have it;
and I wish it to be provided for in such a way
as to benefit him. Let him have the land.
Let him be required to settle it. Let him have
a home. If he does not do it, let soma man
who desires it have a home, and then the
Government will receive the benefit as well as
the individual.
That is the proposition of the Committee on
Military Affairs. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Crebs] is subject
to the same criticism as the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. HolmaX,] be-
cause it provides for land warrants instead of
lands. I object to that, and therefore I have
no comments on it more than'to apply the
remarks I made on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana to the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois.
The proposition of the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands [Mr. Julian-] is
this: it proposes to give the land to the sol-
diers, and to allow the patent to issue to the
party. He proposes that he shall have it
absolutely. Now, the difference is that he
requires the soldier, as I understand it, to
have the land absolutely, and to receive a
patent for it, whether he has made settlement
on it or cultivated it or not.
Mr. JULIAN. Thegentleman is mistaken.
I propose that the soldier shall take the land
under the provisions of the homestead law;
but settlement is absolutely necessary. The
time of settlement is to be determined by de-
ducting his term of service from the five years
required of other settlers."
Mr." LOGAN. I understand the gentleman
to propose that the patent shall issue to the
soldier when he gets his certificate.
Mr. JULIAN. The patent is only to issue
to those who settle upon the land and comply
with the provisions of the homestead law in
other respects.
Mr. LOGAN. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Indiana is not so objectionable as
the substitute of the other gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Holman,] orthat of my colleague,
[Mr. Ckebs,] because it does require that the
land shall go to the party. In my judgment,
however, it is not as good as the bill reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs. The
same objection applies to it that applies to
the amendment of his colleague, [Mr. Hol-
man.] There are a great many soldiers in the
country maimed and crippled in such a man-
ner as to make it impossible for them to settle
upon and cultivate these public lands. There
are many of them without arms. We have as
one of the employes of this House a soldier
who lost both of his arms. We find soldiers
in the country with both legs off. Wo find
soldiers disabled in various ways during their
service in the Army. It is provided in the bill
reported from the committee that these dis-
abled soldiers may appoint an agent to enter
upon the lands for them. These men are not
provided for in the amendment of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Julian.]
Mr. JULIAN. As I said in the debate the
other day, the maimed soldier who is unable
to go and settle upon these lands should have
a sufficient bounty in money. I said the land
was made to be tilled as much as the air was
made to be breathed; and there are able-bodied
poor men enough to go upon it and make it a
source of wealth to the nation, while they carve
it up into independent homesteads. I do not
object to giving such bounty to the disabled
soldier as would make him comparatively in-
dependent, and I am ready to vote for the most
liberal proposition in that direction.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman objects so far
as giving land to them is concerned. Thegen-
tleman says he is willing to give them bounty
in money. The maimed soldier has bounty
now in the way of pension. At the time you
give him a pension you do not give him the
pension because he has bee.n a soldier, but
because he is a maimed soldier. You have
already provided for bounty to him as a maimed
soldier. Now another bounty is provided for
all these soldiers; but the gentleman from
Indiana would exclude the maimed soldier
because of his disability.
And what do yoa give additional bounty for
to the maimed soldier besides his pension?
You do not give it as a pension, for he has |
already received his pension. Why do you
do it? Because he has been a trustworthy
soldier? If you do it for that reason the man
who is not maimed who has been a trustworthy
soldier has the same right to the additional
bounty as the maimed soldier. The gentle-
man is mistaken, in mv judgment, in desiring
to give that man the money and this roan the
land. The only way in which you can put them
on an equality is to decide that the maimed
man shall have bounty and the' unmaimed shall
not. But if you pay the bounty to the man
because he is a soldier, let them be treated all
alike, and let the man get this patrimony for
his patriotism as a soldier "and not because he
has lost a limb.
These are the objections I have to the various
amendments. I do not know that I have a
•right to say that I understand better than
others the desires and requirements of soldiers
in this particular. I have no such right. I do
not pretend to know them better than anybody
else; but I do believe, and I believe honestly,
that the best mode of dealing fairly with them
and complimenting them in this way is by pass-
ing this bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. Has my time expired 1 I ask
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stough-
ton] to yield to me for just one half minute
more.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say in conclusion
that I introduced a bill in the House last ses-
sion having nearly the same provisions as this
bill. That bill was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands lastsession. This session
I again introduced it and had it referred to our
own committee, the Committee on Military
Affairs. In my absence the committee have
made up this bill from the one which I intro-
duced, and have made what I consider to be a
good bill. They have, in fact, advanced upon
my ideas and made a better bill, in my judg-
ment, than the bill which I originally intro-
duced into the House. I think it is as nearly
perfect as any bill can be made in connection
with this matter of giving lands or bounties to
soldiers. I believe it will be satisfactory. It
has been well considered by the members of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and in con-
sidering it they have consulted with all classes
of soldiers as well as consulted the interests of
the Government. And having done so, they
have arrived at a conclusion which I believe
ought to be satisfactory to this House and to
the country.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr,
Crebs.]
Mr. CREBS. I desire to say but a few
words in reference to this bill. I am free to
say that I believe the bill which comes to us
from the Military Committee is an improve-
ment on the laws as they now exist. I am
also free to say that if I cannot get adopted
the amendment which I have proposed as a
substitute for the bill before the House, I am
willing to vote for the bill as it comes to us
from the committee.
But, Mr. Speaker, I ask that while we are
attempting to do something for the soldier let
us not do it half way. All this pretension that
the soldiers as a class are not able to care for
their own interests comes with a bad grace
from men on this floor. I assert that the men
who fought this war through and put down the
rebellion are fully and at all times <jualified to
look after and attend to their own interests if
we will but do our duty toward them. The
amendment I propose is to theeifecfc that where
a soldier has served three months and been
honorably discharged the Government shall
give him a land warrant for Forty acres of land; .
if he served more than three months ana less
than one year, eighty acres of land; and if he
served more than one year, the Government
shall give Mm a land warrant for one hundred
