34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
The House divided; and tbe tellers report-
ed—ayes 54, noes 64.
So tbe amendment was not agreed to.
The following amendment was read:
In section ninety-seven, after the word "delivery,"
insert the words " or who shall willfully and mali-
ciously assault any letter-carrier wbilo engaged on
his route in the discharge of his duty:" so as to
make the section read as follows:
That any person who shall willfully and mali-
ciously injure, tear down, or destroy any letter-box,
pillar-box, or other receptacle established by the
Postmaster General for the safe deposit of matter
for the mail or for delivery, or who shall, willfully
and maliciously assault any letter-carrier while
engaged on his route in the discharge of his duty,
and any person who shall willfully aid or assist
therein, shall, on conviction thereof, for every such
offense forfeit and pay not less than $100 nor more
than $1,000, or be imprisoned not less than one nor
more than three years, according to the circum-
stances and aggravation of the offense.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I desire to
suggest an amendment to this section. It will
be observed that the section contemplates the
investiture of the Federal courts with a new
power. From the feeling of the House I do
not expect to be able to resist this successfully ;
but I wish to have the power well guarded by
amendments. I move, therefore, to insertafter
the words '"any letter-carrier," in the sixth
line, the words "while in uniform;" so that
the clause will read " Or who shall willfully
and maliciously assault any letter-carrier when
in uniform," &c.
I also propose to add, so as to make the
language clear, the words " While engaged
upon his route in ihe discharge of his duty as
letter carrier." The effect of these amend-
ments is to provide that tbe letter-carrier may
be known as such by being in uniform, and
that he shall be at the time of the assault en-
gaged in the discharge of his duty as letter-
carrier. I trust the chairman will not object
to these amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to either of those amendments.
The amendment of Mr. Brooks, of New
York, was agreed to.
Mr. MYEKS. I move to amend section
ninety-five by inserting after the word ''car-
riers" the words "and paid for by the Gov-
ernment;" so that the section will provide
"That the Postmaster General may prescribe
a uniform dress, to be worn by letter-carriers
and paid for by the Government."
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say that I consider
the question of compensation to letter-carriers
as decided. I have been zealous for tbe in-
crease of their pay, as many others have been.
I accept the decision made by this House at
the last session, and now again to-day. 1 do
not propose, at least during the present Con-
gress, to attempt to disturb that decision. But,
sir, it having been provided by law, which we
propose to re-enact, that the letter carriers shall
. receive as iheir ordinary pay $800, and at the
option of the Postmaster General not more
than $1,000, it is for the House to determ-
ine whether, in the very next section, we shall
deduct a part of what we have already voted;
whether we shall take away a part of what we
have given. Having provided for the payment
of these sums—which the gentlemen on the
opposite side of the question admit to be none
too large—if the allowance be just it is not
right to deduct from it every year seventy-five
dollars.
There was an order issued by the Postmaster
General on October 31, 1808, directing that a
winter uniform should be worn by the carriers.
A single-breasted sack of " cadet gray," pants
of like material, brass buttons, (only to be pro-
cured i'roinF. F. Hassam, of Boston,) cap, cape,
«Src..and on April 23, I860, an order requiring a
summer uniform with about as many requisites.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. From what is the
gentleman reading?
Mr. MYEliS. The document to which I am
referring is an order issued from the office of
the Posi master General.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. That is not the law,
Mr, MYERS, The law authorizes the Post-
master General to issue such orders; at least
so it was claimed at that time. At all events,
under such orders the letter-carriers have not
been allowed to buy their uniforms or have
them matte up where they chose, either at home
or elsewhere. These uniforms are furnished
by the Government at seventy-five dollars a
a year, and I suppose as cheaply as possible;
but I wish the House to say in the coming vote
that, having decided these men entitled to $800
a year, and, in meritorious cases that the Post-
master General should have the discretion to
increase the compensation to SI,000, we are now
unwilling that they shall have seventy-five dol-
lars a year deducted from their pay for these
uniforms. I feel this to beeven-handed justice
and no more, and 1 appeal to theHouse,if we
are to continue the provision of law that the
Postmaster General may prescribe a uniform,
to provide also that it shall be paid for by the
Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the House
will vote. We cannot turn the Post Office
Department into a tailor shop.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
44, noes 71.
Mr. MYERS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Myers and
Mr. Coxgeii were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 45, noes 77.
So tbe amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. AXTELL. I move to strike outsection
ninety-five, as follows:
And be it further enacted, Thattlie Postmaster Gen-
eral may prescribe a uniform dress to be worn by
letter-carriers, and any person not connected with
the letter-carrier branch of the postal service who
shall wear the unilorm which may be prescribed
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction thereof, for eveiy such offense shail be
fined not more than 5100, or imprisoned not more
than six months, or both, at the discretion of the
court.
The SPEAKER. Strictly speaking, in con-
sidering this bill in the Committee of the
Whole, it would not be parliamentary to go
back; but the Chair has allowed it as the sec-
tion was not read. If the section had been
read the Chair would not have allowed the
gentleman to go back.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, I was sur-
prised to hear it stated that a prominent mem-
ber of the Administration, tbe Postmaster
General, had required these employes of the
Government to wear a certain garb, and to pur-
chase it at a certain place, at a much higher
cost than any other class of men are required
to dress themselves in this country. I am not
now saying that it is simply mean to say to a
man who has a family to support, and must do
it on $800ayear, thathemubt pay seventy-five
dollars for a suit of clothes, more indeed than
any gentleman on this floor pays for a suit of
clothes. I say that it is not only simply mean
to these men to say that they shall have this
money deducted from their pay, but I say that
it is mean for this Government to provide by
law that any of its employes should be dressed
in the garb of a flunky. I see no necessity for
postmasters, or for any of the employes about
this House, or for any man who carries letters
about tbe streets of New York or San Fran-
cisco, wearing a uniform. These little badges
placed upon men, to my mind, look very much
like badges of a separate class, or badges of
servitude. It occurs to me that it is not ne-
cessary I should know who is the letter-carrier
in the city where I may live. He brings to my
door the letters intended forme, deposits them,
and thengoes on his way to deliverother letters.
It is not necessary that I should recognize him
in order that I may not assault him. It isnot
importantthat I should know who he is. I ndeed,
the whole regulation is bad from the beginning
to the end, not only on the ground of economy,
but on the still further ground that we should
not require men in the employ of the Govern-
ment to dress in a particular way.
This system of letter-carrying in tbe great
cities is one of the most beneficent of all the
provisions of this most beneficent Government
in favor of its citizens. No man who lives in
a small village is annoyed in relation to liis
letters. He knows when he calls at the post
office, near at hand, that, he will be immediately
waited upon ; but the poor man, the mechanic,
the poor sewing-girl in a large city, must go two
or three miles to the post office to inquire for
letters, and may be detained, thus losing, per-
haps, most of a day's work. Therefore this
free delivery system has been established, and
it is impossible that the citizens of this country
should be deprived of the daily receipt of their
letters. It is absolutely necessary that this
free-delivery system should be kept, up iu the
cities, and I am amazed that gentlemen should
be found here willing to cry it down. We
should foster and encourage it in all cities, in
order that the people may speak freely to each
other and be brought near to each other by
cheap communication and quick sympathy,
carried through the post offices from parent to
child, from brother to sister, and from friend
to friend in all the social relations of life. It
concerns us as a people. It brings the homes
we have left near to us. We should be willing
to pay for this, and pay liberally, and let the
men dress themselves, as we permit members
here to dress themselves, according to their own
good pleasure. 1 object to the whole system
of putting a man in flunky's uniform because
he is an employe of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
that the order which he read was the order of
the Postmaster General of the previous Admin-.
istration, and I believe was not persisted in by
him. I hold it to be very necessary that letter-
carriers should have some sort of uniform.
They gather up the mails from the street boxes,
as well as deliver them ; and if the carrier has
no uniform to distinguish him from the com-
mon crowd, how do we know when we see a
man getting letters from the street boxes but
he is a marauder and a thief? But if lie has a
uniform on which has been prescribed by the
Post Office Department, and when the wearing
of that uniform by any other person is made
an offense, everybody recognizes him when he
opens the street boxes and takes the mail to
the post office.
Mr. BEN TON. Might not a thief put on
the uniform ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Itismade an offense
for any other man to put on the letter-carriers'
uniform ; and I think a thief would not be
likely to distinguish himself by putting on the
uniform.
The question was put on the motion to strike
out the section ; and it was disagreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
line two, section ninety-eight, relating to the
giving of bonds with sureties, the words "and
post offices in charge of a branch office."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
section one hundred, line one, the words "post
officer," and insert the word " person."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
section one hundred and one the words:
The postmaster at any office where letter-carricrs
are employed may contract with the publisher of any
newspaper, periodical, or circular, for the delivery
of any such publication within his postal district
by the letter-carriers, without going through the
mail, up jii terms to bo agreed upon and to be open
to all like publishers: but such contract shall have
no foice or effect until approved by the Postmaster
General.
And to insert the following:
Therate of postage on newspapers, (excepting
weeklies,) periodicals not exceeding four ounces in
weight, and circulars, when the same are depotited
in a letter-carrier office for delivery by tbu office or
its carriers, shall be uuiibrm at one cent each: but
periodicals weighing more than four ounces shall be
subject to a postage of two cents each, and these
rates shall be prepaid by stamps.
The amendment was agreed to.
