860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
and sixty acres; so he may go and locate his
land under the warrant, and if he does so,
that the Government •will give him a patent
for the same; and if he does not desire to hold
the land, he may sell and receive its proceeds,
anc thereby realize something from the grant
the Government has made to him.
My colleague from Illinois [Mr. Logan] says
he will oppose the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] be-
cause it grants lands to the officers as well as
the soldiers who fought in the war. Why, Mr.
Speaker, if the gentleman will look at the bill
as proposed by his own committee he will find
that the same provisions are in that bill, in
that respect at least, as in the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Indiana.
He proposes, by the bill he advocates, to
provide for the officers as well as the private
soldiers. Let him join hands with me, as my
substitute proposes only to give it to'the non-
commissioned officers and privates who served
in the war, and not to any man who held a
Commission from the Government. I claim, as
he does, that the men who held commissions
from the Government ought not to receive
the benefit of these land grants. Let it be
confined to the non-commissioned officers and
privates; and to do this my substitute ought
to be adopted. And I say again, Mr. Speaker,
that they are entitled to it at the hands of this
great nation, as a matter of right and justice.
Mr. Speaker, I have bat a few moments and
cannot discuss the provisions of this bill at
length. But I shall ask consent before the vote
is taken on my substitute to make a few verbal
amendments. I believe that under the rales
of the House this substitute will first come tip
to be voted on, and I trust the House will join
with me and let us make an actual donation to
these men "who have served their country so
faithfully and well. Let us not say that our
law is intended to do something for the sol-
diers when ia truth and in fact it does not. If
we propose to grant anything to them let us
give it, and not listen to the cry we hear upon
yvery side that if we make the donation in the
shape of a land warrant to the soldier he will
not be able to take care of his interests and
the warrant will go into the hands of moneyed
corporations who will gobble up the public
lands and cheat the soldier. I am in favor of
the actual settlement of every acre of land
upon this continent; lam in favor of the home-
stead policy carrried out to its fullest extent,
but while we are giving away to railroad cor-
porations millions of'acres of the public do-
main, let us look to the interests of the private
soldiers and non-commissioned officers who
fought during the war and do justice to them
before being generous to soulless corporations
who only act for self and against the interests
of the country at large.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STOUGHTON. i yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am, for one,
somewhat troubled as to what I ought to do in
regard to this bill. There is a provision in the
first section that I so thoroughly approve of
that I am unwilling to lose it. It is that which
allows soldiers the peculiar privilege of settling
together and taking land in blocks, according
to the leading subdivisions of the surveys. I
feel that that is a provision of such great im-
portance that it ought, if possible, to be saved.
But I do not see how I can consistently vote
for one feature ofthis bill; (it has been referred
to by several gentlemen, but I call attention to
it for a moment more;) and that is the feature
of assignment; and 1 want to point Out for
the consideration of the House and for their
thought in settling this matter what seems to
me the difficulty. Here is a man who hasnever
located any land, and he finds a soldier who
cannot go upon his land and does not intend
to go upon it, and for a mere song, for a small
amount of money—it may be only ten or twenty -
fivo dollars—he gets that soldier to assign his
certificate to him. Now, this man, with his
assigned certificate, locates on a piece of land
taken up by a soldier who has served three years,
and by^staying on it for two years he acquires
a perfect title to it; whereas a citizen of the
United States who had located on an adjoining
piece of land a few months or weeks before
must stay upon it five years before he can secure
a title. Now, neitherof these men is a soldier;
neither is entitled to any special bounty on that
score; but one of them by the payment of
ten, fifteen, or twenty-five dollars is permitted,
after living upon the land two years, to have
full title to his land, while theother, just across
the fence, must stay on his land five years
before he can secure a title to it. The only
difference between them is that one has paid
that small sum of money. So far as the home-
stead settlers are concerned it is inequitable ;
so far as the soldier is concerned he gets but a
song.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will there not be
so many of these certificates in the market that
no man will be found to settle for five years
upon land when he can buy one of these cer-
tificates so cheaply ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But there will
be thousands of men who have settled before
the passage of this law. Now, it seems to me
that that will throw a very troublesome element
into the settlement of our public lands.
Mr. AXTELL. Is it considered a hardship
to settle on the public lands?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not say
that. Now, if that difficulty which I have sug-
gested can be got over, if we can strike out
that proviso, I shall prefer the bill of the com-
mittee to any other proposition which has
been offered. But without that amendment it
seems to me the door will be opened to all
sorts of irregularities; and I do not believe the
great body of our soldiers would derive much
benefit from this bill.
Therefore, speaking for the soldiers, and
sympathizing with their interests as keenly as
any man on this floor can, I must say that I
do not believe this bill as it now stands will be
of much benefit to them. We twice passed a
bill, once while Hon. Mr. Schenck was chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs of
the House, and once while I had the honor to
occupy that position, which proposed to equal-
ize the bounties paid to soldiers, to give them
additional bounties to make up so many dollars
for each month that they actually served. That
was a clear, equitable transaction which gave
so much money directly out of the Treasury,
without any roundabout method, of getting at
the matter. Now, if we propose to give land
to the soldier by means of the double method
here proposed, it seems to me that we will
provide an inequitable arrangement which will
disturb the order of settlement on the public
lands, and not benefit the soldier. I merely
throw out this suggestion for the consideration
of the House.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I desire to say but a
word or two in answer to the argument of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] whose
opinion upon this subject I highly prize, but
with wh6m I am compelled to differ on this
question. He has drawn a picture of two men
settling upon adjoining sections of land, the
one of whom is required to live upon his land
five years in order to secure his homestead,
while the other, who has purchased a soldier's
right under this bill, which the gentleman
assumes he may have obtained for Ihe small
sum of ten dollars, is'only required to live on
the land'two years in order to obtain a perfect
title.
The fallacy of the gentleman's argument is
apparent. How does he know that the sol-
dier will sell his right under this bill, valuable
as the gentleman admits it to be> for the sum
of ten dollars? My opinion is that the soldier
will know what his right is worth, and will be
ablfe to'obtain a fair consideration for it.
If you pass thfe bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs every soldier in the
country, if he desires, can enter one hundred
and sixty acres of land, and will then have
one year's time within which to make his prep-
arations to settle upon the land, or to dispose
of his right to some one entitled to enter a
homestead on the public lands. I think that in
every case the soldier will be able to get what
that right is worth. At all events, it will not
improve his condition by giving him nothing.
Mr. VAN WYCK. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. STOUGHTON. Certainly.
Mr. VAN .WYCK. Right at this point,
which the gentleman is illustrating, in regard,
to what is conferred by this bill, not in regard
to the capacity or ingenuity of the soldier to
make a trade, the difficulty is that you do
not give the soldier anything to trade. The
able-bodied soldier can go upon the land and
have-the benefit of the time he served in secur-
ing his homestead. But the crippled soldier,
who"taay hav.e served one or two or three years,
cannot go upon the land himself. Now, will
the gentleman give us some idea of what will
be the benefit such a soldier would derive from
this bill ? There are many of these men who
will suppose that the Government has given
them something valuable by this bill. How
much does the gentleman suppose that a sol-
dier of his own town would get for his mere
right to locate upon the public lands, unless he
happens to have a neighbor who is willing to
pay something to him for that right? What
would he get for it in the market? Sir, I stand
hero in behalf of the crippled soldier to pro-
test ia advance against this bill, so that in
future years it may not be charged upon him
that he has received a bounty in the shape of
a land warrant.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I will tell the gentle-
man what the 'soldier gets under this bill. He
gets the right to enter one hundred and sixty
acres of land, and, if he desires, to sell it for
what the entry is worth.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I am supposing the case
of a soldier who cannot himself settle upon
the land.
Mr. STOUGHTON, He gets, in the first
place, the right to enter one hundred and sixty
acres of land. He gets, in the next place, one
year's time within which to commence the set-
tlement and improvement of his land. In the
next place, he gets the right to have his three
years' term of service, if he has served so long,
deducted from the term of settlement neces-
sary to perfect the title to public lands. He
gets also the right to assign his inchoate title
to any one who may wish to settle upon and
improve the land. He gets more than that,
and more than any soldier gets under any other
of these various propositions—he gets the right,
to put an agent or attorney upon the land, who,
by two years' residence, secures to the soldier
aperfect title for one hundred and sixty acres
of land. It is useless for the gentleman to say
that the disabled soldier will get nothing under
this bill. Such a statement is only a subter-
fuge, designed to defeat the measure. The sol-
dier gets a valuable right which he will highly
prize. I now demand a vote on the bill and
amendments.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Burchard,] which is an amendment to
the original text.' It will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line forty, page 3, section one. insert after the
word •"settlers"the following words:
Nor shall such assigneohave the right tdacSUTTfl
any other homestead under said acts.
Mr. STOUGHTON. This amendment only
makes more explicit the meaning of the bill.
I hope it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thg SPEAKER. Thegentleman from*Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] has offered an amend-
ment to the text of the original bill. If, will
be read.
