1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word "Government," in line six of sec-
tion one, insert the following words:
Including the troops mustered into the service of
the United States by virtue of the third section of an
act entitled " Anaet making appropriations foreom-
rleting the defenses of Washington, and for other
purposes," approved February 13,18C2.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I hope this amend-
ment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. There are three substi-
tutes pending, one by unanimous consent.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
has offered a substitute for the original bill.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julias]
has moved a substitute for that substitute.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Crebs] was
permitted, by unanimous consent, to offer also
a substitute for the proposition of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] The sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Illinois will be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the word " that" at the begin-
ning of Mr. Holm a n's substitute and insert in lieu
of the words struek out the following:
Any non-coinmissioned officer or private, either
in the military, naval, or marine service of the Uni-
ted States daring the late war for the suppression of
the rebellion, or any of the former wars of the Re-
public, who have not heretofore received lands as a
bounty from the Government, and who may have
served three months or less, and have been honor-
ably discharged from such service, shall be entitled
to a land warrant from the Government to locate
forty acres of any lands owned and held bytheGov-
ernment, at $1 25 per acre, in any of the States or
Territories of the Union; and any person who has
served as aforesaid one year or less, and shall have
been honorably discharged, shall be entitled to a
land warrant to locate eighty acres of any lands
owned atid held by theGovernment,at$l 25 per acre,
or forty acres of any lands owned and held by the
Government, at §2 50 per acre, as aforesaid; and any
person who has served as aforesaid two years or less,
and shall have been honorably discharged from the
service as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a land war-
rant to locate one hundred and sixty acres of any
lands owned and held by the Government, at $1 25
per acre, or eighty aores of any lands held by the'
Government, at $2 50 per acre, as aforesaid.
The amendment of Mr. Crebs was not
agreed to; there being—ayes sixteen, noes
not counted.
The SPEAKER. The next question is upon
the substitute of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Julian] for that of his colleague, [Mr.
Holman.] The amendment will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the word "that" at the begin-
ning of Mr. IIolmax's amendment and insert the
following:
Where homestead entries have been made, or may
herealter be made, by parties who served in thc mili-
tary or naval service of the United States as officers,
soldiers, or sailors, for ninety days during the rebel-
lion. and have been honorably discharged, such
parties shall not be reauired to make settlement and
cultivation of the land for the full period of five
years from the date of entry before receiving their
patents, but the patents shall be issued on prool of
settlemont and cultivation for such time irom the
date of entry, aa may. with the time of their service
in the Army or Navy during the rebellion, equal
five years, the time of service to be counted as part
of the five years; and in all such entries, whether
already made, or which may hereafter bo made,
where the period of settlement and cultivation
required under this rule shall expire after the date
of this act, the proof shall be produced within two
years from the expiration thereof: Provided, That
this set shall not apply to any entries which may
have been annulled or vacated by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office on account of abandon-
ment or other cause prior to the passage of this act.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 69, noes 54; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Julian and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 64, noes 06.
Mr. JULIAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MUN GEN. If it be in order, I move to
strike out the proviso of the substitute.
The SPEAKER. No . amendment is in
order. The previous question is operating.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
substitute of Mr. Julian ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 83, nays 113, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Atwood, Axtell,
Ayer. Barry, Beaman, Bennett, Benton, George M.
Brooks, Buckley, Burehard, Benjamin P. Butler,
Cessna, Churchill, Amasa Cobb. Coburn, Cook,
Cowles, Darrall, Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F.
Dixon, Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Fisher,
Garfield, Hale, Harris, Hawley, Heflin, Holmes,
Jenckes, Jndd, Julian, Keliey, Kelsey, Ketcham,'
Knapp, Laflin, Lush, Lynch. McCormick, MeCrary,
MeGrew, McKee, Eiiakim H. Moore, William Moore,
Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, O'Neill, Halbert E. Paine,
Palmer,Peck,Perce.Whelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Por-
ter, Rainey, Roots, Sargent, Sawyer, Lionel A. Shel-
don, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Taffe. Tanner, Tay-
lor* Townsend, IJpson, Van Wyek, Wallace, Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washburn.
Welker, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, and
Wolf—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Asper, Banks,
Barnnm, Beatfcy, Beck, Bethune, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, Blair, Booker. Boyd, Buck, Buffinton, Burdett,
Burr, Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, William T. Clark,
Conger, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Dickinson,
Doekery, Donley, Dox, Duke, Eldridge, Ferry. Fink-
elnburg, Getz, Gibson, Gilftilan, Griswold, Haight,
Haideman, Hambleton. Hamill, Hawkins. Hay,
Hoge, Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Johnson,Thomas
L. Jones, Kellogg, Kerr, Lawrence, Logan, Long,
Loughridsre, Manning, Marshall, Mayham, May-
nard, MeKenzie, McNeely, Mejcur, Milnes, Jesse
H. Moore, Morgan, Mungen.Negley, Niblack, Pack-
ard, Packer, William W. Paine, Piatt, Potter, Price,
Prosser, Randall, Reeves. Rice, Sanford, Scofield,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, John A.
Smith, William J. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Sfcoughton.Strader,
Strong, Swann, Sweeney, Tillman, Trimble, Twieh-
©11, Tyner, Van Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees,
Wells. Wheeler, Wilkinson, Winans, Winchester,
Wood, Woodward, and Young—113.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Aroher, Armstrong,
Bailey, Benjamin, Boles, Bowen, James Brooks,
Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb,
Corker,Dawes, Degener, Ela,Fitch, Fox,Hamilton,
Hays, Hill, Hoar, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Knott, Lewis, McCarthy, Morey, Morphis, Samuel
P. Morrill, Morrissey, Newsham, Orth, Peters, Ro-
gers, Schamaker, Worthington C. Smith, Strickland,
Sypher, Van Horn, Whifcmore, Eugene M. Wilson,
ana Witcher—43.
So the substitute of Mr. Juliax was not
agreed to.
The question fhen recurred on the substi-
tute moved by Mr. Holman.
The SPEAKER. The amendment moved
by Mr. Benjamix is pending to this substitute
as well as it was to the original bill, and will
be first voted on.
The Clerk read Mr. Benjamin's amendment
as follows:
In line thirteen of the substitute, after the word
" deceased," insert the following:
Including all troops mustered into the service of
the United States by virtue of the third section of
an act entitled "An act making appropriations for
completing the defense of Washington, and for other
purposes," approved February 13,1862.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is already in the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. Then there is no necessity
of making it a part of the substitute.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on the following
substitute moved by Mr. Holman:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following: t
That the provisions of an act entitled An act
granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service ot
the United States," approved September SS.lSoO. be,
and they are hereby, extended to the officers, sol-
diers, sailors, and seamen who have been engaged
in the military and naval service of the United btates
since April 12,1&>1, and prior to April 19, 18do, and to
thewidows and minor cbildrenof such of said ofheers,
soldiers, sailors, and seamen as may be deceased:
Provided, however, That no person shall locate land
warrants issued under the provisions of this act, held
by assignment, for more than a quarter section of
land, and for actual settlement only under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Interior may
prescribe.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 83, nays lOljnot voting
52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Axtell, Barnum,
Beatty, Beck. Biggs, Bird. Boyd, Buffinton, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Calkin, Cleveland, Conner, Cox,
burg, Got*, Gibson, Gilfillan. Griswold. Haight,
Haideman, Hawkins. Hay. Hill, Holman, Kerr,
Lash, Lawrence, Marshall. Mayham, Maynard, Me-
Cormiok, MoKee, McNeely, Mercur. Milnes, Mor-
gan, Mungen. Niblack, William W. Paine, Palmer,
Potter, Randall, Reeves, Riee, Scofield, Shanks,
Xiiohel A, Sheldon, Slocum, John A. Smith, William
J. Smith. Stiles, Stone, Strader, Swann. Sweeney,
Sypher, Taylor, Tyner, Van Auken, Van Horn,
Van Trump. Voorhees, Ward, Wells, Wilkinson*
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Wood-
ward—83.
KAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Asper, Atwood, Ayer,
Banks. Barry, Beaman, Bennett, Benton, Bethune,
Bingham, Blair, George M. Brooks, Buck, Bnekley,
Burehard, Benjamin F. Butler, Cessna, Churchill,
William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Ciinton L. Cobb,
Conger, Cook, Cowles, Dawes, Ferriss, Ferry, Fisher,
Garfield, Hale, Hamiil, Harris, Hawley, Heftin.Hoar,
Holmes. Hooper. Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Johnson. Judd
Julian, Keliey, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Laflin, Lewis, Logan. Long, Looghridge, Lynch,
MeCrary, MeGrew, Eiiakim H. Moore. Jesse H.
Moore, William Moore, Morey, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers, Negley, Ncwsham, O'Neill. Orth, Packard,
Packer, Halbert E. Paine, Peck, Perce, Piatt, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Rainey, Sanford,
Sargent, Sawyer, Porter Sheldon, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland, Strsng,
Taffe, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Twichell, Upson,
Van Wyck, Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Willard, Williams,
John T. Wilson. Winans, Wolf, and Young—1(H.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Areher, Armstrong,
Arnell, Bailey, Benjamin, Bole3, Booker, Boxen,
James Brooks, Burr, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Coburn,
Corker, Cullom, Degener, Joseph Dixon,NathfJi F.
Dixon. Duke, Dyer, Fitch, Fox, Hambleton, Hamil-
ton, Hays, Hoge, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Junes,
Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Manning, McCarthy, Hc-
Kenzie, MoTphis. Samuel P. Morrill, Morris jey,
Peters, Phelps, Price, Rogers, Roots, Sehump.uer
Sherrod, Shober, Joseph S. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevenson, Trimble, Wallace, Whitaure,
and Witeher—62.
So the House refused to adopt the subsfcittf te*
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the tl ird
time.
Mr. LOGAN demanded the yeas and r ays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it resulted in
the affirmative—yeas 186, nays 2, not vol ing
51"; as follows: .
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ambler, Asper,
Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Bea-
man, Beatty,Bennett.Benton, Bethune, Biggs, Bing-
ham, Blair, Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks, B-ick,
Buckley.Buffinton, Burehard, Burdett, Benjamfo F.
Butler, Roderick R.Butler,Calkin, Cessna. Chu.•ch-
ill, William T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. C>bb,
Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cook, Cowles, Cox, Cjebs,
Cailom, Darrall. Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dickin ;on,
Garfield. Getz,
Hambleton,
Hill, Hoar, Holman,Holmes, Hooper, Jenckes, J« im-
son, Judd, Julian, Keliey. Kellogg, Kelsey, L err,
Ketcham, Knapp, Laflin, Lash, Lawrence, Loj;an,
Long.Loughridge, Lynch, Manning, Marshall, « ay-
ham, Maynard, McCormick, MeCrary, MeGrew, ilc-
Kee, MeKenzie, McNeely, Mercur, Milnes, Ehanm
H. Moore. Jesse H. Moore, William Moore. Morey,
Morgan, DanieU. Morrell. Samuel P. Morrill, un-
gen, Myers, Negley, Newshatn, Niblack, ONeill,
Orth. Packard, Packer, Halbert E. Paine. Pal tier.
Peek, Perce, Peters, Phelps,Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy,
Porter, Potter, Prosser, Rainey, Randall, Reeves,
Rice, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofeld,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sloc um,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Starkweather,
Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twichell, Tyner, Up >on,
Van Auken. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van W.-ck,
Voorhees, Ward.CadwaladerC. Washburn, William
B. Washbnrn, Welker, Wells, Wheeler. Wilkin ion,
Willard, Williams, Eugene M. Wllson.JohnT. Wil-
son. Winans, Wolf. Wood, and Woodward—186.
NAYS—Messrs. Gibson,and Joseph S. Smith— \l.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Areher, Armstrong,
Arnell, Bailey, Beck, Benjamin, Bird, Boles, xrouen,
James Brooks. Burr, Cake, Sidney Clarke, Clevehnd,
Corker, NathanF. Dixon, Doekery, Duke, Ma, Fi 1 xh,
Fox, Griswold, Hamilton, Hawley. Hays, H:ge,
Hotchkiss. Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones, Thouas
L. Jones, Knott, Lewis, McCarthy, Morphia, Mo:-, la-
sey, William W. Paine, Price, Rogers, Schumal er,
Sherrod, Shober, Worthington C. Smith,. Sweeny,
S.vpher, 'i'affo, Wallace, Whitmore, Wmoheser,
Witeher, and Young—51.
So tlie bill was passed,
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider ihe
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE EROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate returned the bill (S. No. 1083) to
repeal so ranch of the act, approved July 14,
1870, entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for, other purposes," as continues
