THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
entertained after the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York has been disposed of.
The two propositions are not necessarily con-
nected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] by striking out the words
"or State;" so as to leave the jurisdiction of
these offenses #ith the Federal courts exclu-
sively.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do notobject
to that.
Mr. Famtsworth's amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to. The amendment of Mr.
Brooks, of New York, as amended, was
adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line four the words " so-called gift
concert."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend section one
hundred and fifty nine, by striking out in line
ten the word "three" and inserting "two;"
so as to make the rate of letter postage two
cents instead of three. I believe the time has
arrived when letter postage can be reduced to
two cents; and I thmk there is no better time
to act upon the question than at the present.
I hope there will be no objection to this propo-
sition.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes S2, noes 64; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hill, and
Mr. Brooks of New York, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes thirty, noes not counted.
Mr. HILL demanded the yeas and nays, and
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HILL. I move tcf insert the following:
That the Postmaster General be authorized and
directed To issue one-cent correspondence or post
cards, for short latter messages, which may be
printed or written in pencil or ink.
I hold in my hand, Mr. Speaker, one of
these correspondence or post cards. It is one
of the English post cards, costing a penny.
Correspondence cards have also been issued
in Germany. On one side there is printing,
and it is intended for the direction, while on
the other side any short message may be writ-
ten with pen or pencil, and the card' instantly
thrown into the post office for transmission
through the mails. I ask the Clerk to read an
extract from the last report of the Postmaster
General on this very subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Correspondence Cards.—lly attention has been
directed fco the new system of 'correspondence' or
pott cards' lately adopted by North Germany and
by Great I'nta'n for facilitating letter correspond-
ence, and already extensively used in those coun-
tries. i'hese cards aremadeof good stiff paper, of
convenient form and size. The front or face of the
card is ruled for the insertion of the address, and
bears tile post office stamp. Onthereversesidethere
is room for a shortlotter or message, which may be
printed or written in pencil or ink. They require no
lotamg or envelope, are specially adapted forcireu-
lars or short communications, and are furnished to the
public at the value of the postage stamp impressed
upon them, which is in Great Britain half a penny,
being one halt the established inland letter rate of
postage, ihe advantages claimed by their use con-
sist in increased celerity and ease of business and
social intercommunication, by dispensing with much
ol tne ordinary epistolary form and appliances, and
by having always at hand, ready for use at any
moment—in the street, on a journey, or in places
where pen, ink, paper, and envelopes are not access-
ible or readily obtain ble—tne essentialsfor aletter.
X'or many messages where the telegram is nowused,
Mi<;u as orders, invitations, inquiries, or other re-
quirements ot^ms in ess or social life, these cards would
lie welcomed by the public as a simple, inexpensive,
und convenient means of intercourse. They would
create a now postal business, augment the number of
iorre.-"i>oudcnts, and greatly multiply the occasions
nad oppmtunilies for writing. The want has been
lone' fc-lt/it some such piompr arid easy mode of com-
munication by mail, adapted to the convenience and
Habits ol busini'-'s men, as weil as of that large class
of persons who have not the time or the inclination
to write formal letters, and therefore seldom make
use oi the mails, lieliavmgthat the employment of
these cards would he beneficial to the public, and
result in a largeincrease of fiorrespondenee, I respect-
fully recommend that authority Be given by law for
their introduction into our postal service, at the rate
of one cent each, including the cost of the card, as a
first step toward a general reduction of our domestic
letter
message from the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States by Mr. Porter,
one of his Secretaries.
codification of post laws again.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am in favor of
such a provision of law as that proposed by
the gentleman from New Jersey. The subject
is now before the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and was discussed this morn-
ing; but we had not time to prepare such a
provision with proper guards as was deemed
best by the committee. Therefore we post-
poned it until we could draft a proper law suffi-
ciently guarded to carry out the recommenda-
tion of the Postmaster General in reference to
these correspondence or post cards. I have
no doubt but the committee will report some- j
thing of the sort; but it is a matter requiring !;
some consideration at least. j:
Mr. HILL. It strikes me that it does not
require a great deal of consideration to under- j
stand this subject. It occurs to me to be very j
plain and easily understood, and I do hope that i
action will be taken favorable to the amend- i
ment at this time. It is another step in advance !
for cheap postage to the people. j
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say 'j
a word on this subject. Any scheme which j
may increase and cheapen communication I
between man and man is worthy oar serious li
consideration; but in reference to this method '!
of correspondence by unsealed postal cards I
desire to make a suggestion. It is evident that j|
this correspondence would be absolutely open !'
to the inspection of everybody who handles the
mail, everybody in the post office where it is
dropped, and everybody through whose hands
it may pass before delivery. In this connec-
tion I have seen a statement which appears to
have been made in view of the experience in
European countries, where these postal cards
have been issued, that they may be used as a
medium of giving publicity to personal abuse.
Any person desiring to injure another, or to
make slander and abuse as mortifying as pos-
sible, might perhaps find in these cards a
cheaper and more effective method for libel
than even the columns of a newspaper open
to him. It is well known that the laws against
libel are much less effective here that in Euro-
pean countries, and we may fiud on examina-
tion that this objection would prove a grave one.
The question has been raised whether this
system would not transfer to the postal service
the worst element of journalism, and put it in
a more dangerous personal form than it can
possibly assume in a newspaper. Now, I do
not say that this is a sufficient consideration
to overcome and neutralize the advantages
of the postal card system; but I do say
that I have seen a strong article in a leading
journal setting forth the view which I have just
here stated, and one which I think is eminently
worthy of consideration. I would prefer, there-
fore, that this proposition should not be intro-
duced in thisbill, which is mainly a codification
and consolidation of the laws relating to the „
postal service, and that it should be discussed |i
by this House after it has been considered and
reported upon by a standing committee.
It is also worth considering whether the reve-
nues of the Post Office would not suffer by this
measure more than to put the rate of postage
down from three to two cents. I am inclined
to think that would be a wise measure, and
would still guard the privacy of correspondence.
Mr. HILL. In reply to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] I would say that pre-
cisely the same objection which he has urged jj
would be equally applicable to the two-cent
letter system now in operation. Information !1
can be gained from the unsealed letters sent
under the two-cent stamp just as well as it can
be gained from the outside of those cards.
The question was taken on Mr. Hill's
amendment; and there were—ayes fifteen,
noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
section one hundred and sixty-four the words:
On transient newspapers, magazines, and period-
icals; on book manuscripts, proofs, and corrected
proofs passing between authors and publishers; on
pamphlets, occasional publications, maps, prints,
engravings, blanks, flexible patterns, samples and
sample cards, phonographic paper, letter envelopes,
postal envelopes and wrappers, cards, plain and orna-
mental paper, photographic representations of dif-
ferent types,seeds,cuttings, roots, bulbs, and scions,
postage shall be charged at the rate of two cents for
each four ounces or fraction thereof; and double
these rates shall be charged for books.
And to insert the following;
On mailable matter of the third class postage shall
be eharged at the rate of two cents for each four
ounces or fraction thereof. Double tbeseratesshall
be charged for books and samples of metals, ores, and
minerals.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
section one hundred and sixty-six the words
"two cents" and to insert the words "one
cent each;" so that it will read:
Sec. 168. And be it further enacted. That postage on
unsealed circulars shall be at the rate of one cent
each for any number to one address not exceeding
three, with an additional rate of two cents for each
additional three or less.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert in section
one hundred and sixty-seven, relating to the
postage on foreign mail matter, after the words
"on letters," the following:
Unless reduced by order of the Postmaster General;
two cents each on newspapers, and four cents per
each four ounces or fraction thereof on pamphlets,
periodicals, books, and other printed matter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one
hundred and sixty-nine to strike out the words
" may negotiate and conclude postal treaties
or conventions, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion one hundred and seventy-four, as follows:
Sec. 174. And be it further enacted. That the Post-
master Generalmay procureand furnishlettersheets
with postage stamps impressed thereon, combining
in one both aletter sheet and envelope; and such
sheets, when"furnished, shall be subject to all the
provisions herein respecting stamped envelopes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert on page
G5, section one hundred and seventy-five, line
five, the words connected with the postal
service."
The amendment wa3 agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
section one hundred and seventy-seven, line
six, the word " to " and insert the word1' for1
and to strike out in line nineteen the words
" less than six months nor," and in line twenty
the words "less than one hundred nor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer an amend-
ment on the part of the committee which I
desire to have printed, so that it may be before
the House to-morrow. It is intended to be in
lieu of the whole chapter on the franking priv-
ilege. After the order isgiven for printing the
amendment, I suppose the House will adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let that chapter
be passed over for the present.
Mr. WELKER. I should like to hear the
amendment offered by the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The reading may be
dispensed with, as the amendment wilt be
printed.
The amendment was received, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HILL, If in order, I would inovetliat
the sections in regard to the franking privilege
