1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
in a court of law. Down to this day there has
never been any provision in oar-laws which
enabled a Department or a bureau to take tes-
timony in any ease pending before it. This
bill is to supply a deficiency.
Mr. POLAND. We had a very excellent
illustration yesterday of the necessity of some
provision of this sort, so that there may be
two sides heard in the case of claims against
the Government pending in the Departments.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
discharges in bankruptcy.
Mr. ROOTS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a biIl.(H. R. No. 29X2) to extend the
time in which debtors may receive discharges
in bankruptcy whose estates do not pay fifty
per cent, of the claims against the estates;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States, and ordered to be
printed.
arkansas valley railroad.
Mr. ROOTS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2913) to incorporate the Arkansas Valley
and Rocky Mountain- Railroad Company, and
to grant the right of way through the public
lands; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Railways and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
expenses op investigating committees.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speakers table, for con-
sideration at this time, a joint resolution of
the Senate No. 293, appropriating money to
defray the expenses of the select committee
of the Senate appointed to investigate alleged
outrages in the southern States.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 object; that is merely
a waste of money.
Mr. DAWES. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill to appropriate money
to pay the expenses of committees of this
House in investigating matters before them.
Mr. RAN DALL. I want to know what they
are.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Appro-
priations, the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and other committees. I had intended to move
this as an amendment to the Senate joint res-
olution if it liad been taken up.
Mr. RANDALL. I think that is all right.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 2914) making an appropriation for the con-
tingent fund of the House of Representatives
was received, and read a first and second fime,
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, appropriates the
sum of $15,000 for miscellaneous items, under
the head of contingent expenses of the House
of Representatives.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
USKLIiSS MILITARY RESERVATIONS
Mr. MORGAN. The House some time
since passed, with amendments, Senate bill
No. 569, to provide for the disposition of use-
less military reservations. After it had been !
returned to the Seriate it was discovered that j
there were some errors in it, Three days ago, I
on my motion, the Senate was requested to |
return the bill to this House, which request j
has been complied with. I now ask that the j
bill be referred to the Committee on Military I
Affairs, with leave to report on it at any time. j
, No objection was made j and it was ordered i
accordingly. !
LOSSES BY THE WAR. j
Mr. MORGAN. X ask unanimous consent i
to submit the following resolution for con-
sideration at this time:
Reaolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House the respective
amounts claimed by and allowed to the States
adhering to the Union, and to the citizens thereof,
for expenditures made and for losses sustained by
them during the late civil war.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to say a single
word. I wish to call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. butler] to
the fact that in offering the resolution which
I have sent to the Clerk's desk to-'day I had
from him a promise that he would aid me, if
necessary, in getting it through.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why did
you not show it to me?
Mr. MORGAN. Why did I not show it to
you ? Because I did not choose to do so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You
agreed to do so.
Mr. MORGAN. A conversation arose in
the presence of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] and several other gentlemen 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
hear the gentleman.
Mr. McGRBW. I object to discussion on a
subject which is not before the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood that the geutleman was to show me the
resolution.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman understood
nothing of the ynd.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I merely
reiterate that t did so understand.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to and
is not in order,.
ship-canal, monkoe, michigan'.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature
of Michigan, asking Congress to appropriate
$50,000 for the improvement of the harbor
and ship-canal at Monroe, Michigan; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills and joint re*sol0tions.
Mr. BE VTTY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled joint
resolutions and' bills of the following titles ;
when the Speaker signed the same:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) for- the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 302) for the
appointment of General William T. Sherman
a Regent of the Smithsonian Institution ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 337) for the
relief of Captain William O. Sides ;
An act (H. R. No. 680) to authorize the
removal of the custom house from St. Mark's
to Cedar Keys, Florida; and
An act (S. No. 1257) making a temporary
appropriation for the prosecution of the work
upon the improvement of St. Mary's Falls
canal atfd St. Mary's river, Michigan.
admiral and vice admiral.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table the
bill (H. R. No. 2509) to abolish the office of
Admiral and Vice Admiral in the Navy. This
bill has been amended in the Senate, and I
desire to move that the House non-concur,
so that there may be a committee of confer-
ence.
The SPEAKER. The bill and amendment
will be reported, after which there will be
opportunity for objection to the proposition
of the gentleman from Illinois.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Jteprcsenta-
the Umtetl State* of America in Oingrem assesn-
bletl, Th&ttheofficeof Admiral in the Navy be, and
i5 hereby, abolished, there being now a vacancy
in said office, and all laws and parts of laws cre.iting
said office shall by virtue of this act henceforth be
held to be repealed. , „
sec. 2. -anrf be it farther enacted, Tuat the office
of Vice Admiral in the Navy shall contiuus until a
vacancy shall occur in the same, and no longer, and
when such vacancy shall occur in said office, imnj©-
diately thereupon all laws and parts of laws creat-
ing said office shall become inoperative, and shall
by virtue of this act thenceforward be held to be
repealed.
The amendment of the Senate was read as
follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That the offices of Admiral and Vice Admiral in tho
Navy shall continue until a vacancy shall occur in
the .same.and ho longer; and when such vacancy
shall occur in either of said offices, immediately
thereupon all laws and parts of laws creating said
office shall become inoperative, and shall, by virtue
of this act, thenceforward be held to be repealed.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan?]
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Perhaps we can have,
by general consent, a test of the sense of the
House on the question whether the amendment
shall be concurred in or not.
The SPEAKER. The bill conld be taken
up for such disposition as the House might
choose. It would not follow from taking up
the bill that the House must order a confer-
ence. The whole question would be before
the House, and it could either concur with the
Senate or non-concur and ask a conference.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the bill were before
us I would move to concur in the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman has charge
of this bill, all right.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have not charge of the
bill; but if no other gentleman should make
that motion I would make it.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the House will refuse
to concur.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope it will concur.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Hale] will withdraw his objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
taking the joint resolution from the table for
action? What action shall be had will, of
course, be for the majority of the House to
determine. The Chair hears no objection.
As the Chair"understands,"the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] moves that the House
non-concur, and ask a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. LOGAN. If the House will allow me
I will state the reason why I want the House
to non-concur with the Senate, so as to have
a committee of conference. Some of the mem-
bers of the Committee on Naval Affairs seem
to think that I am interfering perhaps with
matters not within the purview of the duties
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs. Bat I will explain. My object in
moving non-concurrence is to extend the pro-
visions of the bill just as far in reference to
the Navy as they were extended in reference
to the Army, so as to put a stop to making any
more rear admirals and other like officers. I
see they are nominated and confirmed every
day, and £ wish to put a stop to it.
Mr. LAWRENCE. That is right.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It seems to me that the
proper way would be, in order to carry oat the
object of the gentleman from Illinois, to move
concurrence in the amendment of the Senate
with afi amendment. If the gentleman will
offer his proposition now as an amendment,
the House can act on it; and'we can then con-
cur in the amendment of the Senate with that
amendment, if it is now sent to a eommittee
of conference we do not know how it will come
back to us.
Mr. LOGAN. I move non-concurrence;
and I know what I have in view can be done.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If we non-concur, and
this goes to a committee of conference, the
only question for that committee of conference
will be to decide between the bill and the
amendment. This amendment is precisely the
one we adopted in reference to the grade of
General and Lieutenant General of the Army.
It applies thesame phraseology to the Navy as
