1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GcLQM,
be struck out, inasmuch as a bill to abolish
tlie franking privilege, has already passed the
House and is now waiting the action of the
Senate.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before we adjourn, I
should like to propose an amendment to the
one hundred and eighty-seventh section, to
add the name of Sarah Polk, widow of the
late James K. Polk; so that the section will
read:
That all mail matter to and from Mary Lincoln,
widow of the late President Abraham Lincoln, ancl
of Sarah Polk, widow of the late President James
It. Polk, shall be cotiveyed free during their natural
lives.
Mr. DICKEY. I must insist on my motion
to adjourn.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 228) to enlarge the
jurisdiction of the probate courts in Idaho
Territory;
An act (H. II. No. 871) granting to the
Utah Central Railroad Company a right of
way through the public lands for the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2416) donating Chatta-
hoochee arsenal to the State of Florida for
educational purposes.
L15AVE Otf ABSENCE.
Mr. CESSNA, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence till Thursday next.
Mr. SWEENEY, by unanimous consent,
obtained indefinite leave of absence on ac-
count of sickness in his family.
Mr. CAKE, hy unanimous consent, obtained
indefinite leave of absence on account of sick-
ness.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, obtained
indefinite leave of absence on account of sick-
ness.
Mr. HARRIS, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for twenty days on
account of sickness in his family.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for ten days.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained indefinite leave of absence.
Mr. BEClv, by unanimous consent, obtained
indefinite leave of absence.
WORK IN PUBLIC PRINTING DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Congressional Printer be direct-
ed to furnish this House with the names of private
persons or firms who have availed themselves ot the
permission granted by the tenth section of the aof of
June25,1864, to have work performed at thetrovern-
ment Printing Oiiice nnder its provisions, and how
much has been paid lor such work, and by whqm;
.ilso, how much remains duo, and from whom.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Thequestion was then taken on Mr. DlCKEY S
motion, audit was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC,
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. PROSSER: The petition qC Iillen
W. P. Garter, widow of Fonteroy A. Carter,
deceased, late private of the seventh Tennessee
'"gy'jtlr. SARGENT: The petition of the
Pacific Guano Coiitp'in^', o! fcan b rancisco,
California, remonstrating against the passage
of House bill No. 1669, entitled "An act for
the relief of Harriet E. Parker."
By Mr. SCHENCK: Papers relating to the
claim of Paymaster Casper Schenck, United
States Navy.
Also, a petition of business men of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, with accompanying
bill, praying Congress to increase the number
of notaries public in the District.
Also, a memorial, with accompanying joint
resolution, in relation to an amendment of the
law authorizing the assignment of Army officers
as military professors in certain colleges and
universities.
. IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 8, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
mas, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
Hon. Jacob M. Howard, of Michigan, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in obedience to law, inventories of
the property of the United States in the pos-
session of the War Department; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of the city of
Cincinnati, setting forth atconsiderable length
and some detail that the bridge now being
constructed between that city and Newport,
Kentucky, is likely to be a very serious ob-
struction to the navigation of the Ohio river.
They state that under a fair construction of
the law the bridge ought to be one hundred
feet above low-water mark and forty f'eetabove
high-water mark, but that the company are
now erecting a structure at an elevation of
about fifteen or sixteen feet above high-water
mark, which they say will close, at the most
important navigable season of the year, that
important river. They askforthe prompt and
early action of Congress, requiringthe railroad
company interested in building this bridge to
elevate the piers and raise the superstructure
about thirty feet. This is a subject which is
exciting a good deal of interest in that region
of couutry, and it demands prompt action at
the hands of Congress. I shall ask that the
memorial be referred at the propertime either
to the Committee on Commerce or to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads; I do
not know to which committee it ought strictly
to go.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To which com-
mittee does the Senator desire it to be re-
ferred ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see the chairmen
of those two committees in the Chamber. I
will let the question of reference stand over for
the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suggest to the Secretary hereafter the commit-
tee to which he desires the memorial referred.
It will lie on the table for the present.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the memorial contains
a number of important facts on the subject, I
move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of P.
V. Dibble, of Orangeburg, South Carolina,
praying for the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
Black, of Charleston, South Carolina, pray-
ing for compensation for property taken and
destroyed by the United States Army; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN. I present a memorial from
, the Board of Trade of the city of Dubuque,
i State of iowa, representing that the north-
ern branch of the Union Pacific railroad was-'
diverted from the line contemplated by Con-,
gress at the time of the passage of the law on
that subject, and also representing that a very ,
large district of country lying between the ;
Union Pacific railroad and the supposed tract
of the Northern Pacific railroad will be entirely -
destitute of railroad facilities; that this is a very ■
valuable territory, bearing immense forests of
timber and great deposits of coal and other -
minerals of great value; and they deem that it
will advance the interests of the country very
much if another road should be constructed
between the line of the two roads named ; and
they pray that a grant of land be made to
facilitate that object. I move that this memo-
rial lie on the table for the present, to go to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad when
the committees shall be formed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT. I present a petition of citi-
zens of Wilmington, North Carolina, very
numerously signed, asking an appropriation
for the erection of a building for a post office,
custom-house, and United States district court-
room in that place, reciting that the present
building is totally unfit. Attached to this peti- '
t.ion are resolutions of the board of aldermen
of the city of Wilmington and the presentment
of the grand jury of the district court recently
held there condemning the building, and which
is indorsed by his honor Judge Brooke, the
presiding judge. I move that the petition and
resolutions be referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads when it shall be
appointed.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The papers will
lie on the table for the present.
Mr. ABBOTT also presented the petition of
A. M. Noble, of Johnston county, North Caro-
lina, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition of D. R. Ben-
nett, and others, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Smithville, North Caro-
lina, to Little Iiiver, South Carolina; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1092)
to create a fund to be known as "the mineral
land fund," and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. NYE. I ask that that bill may lie on
the table, to be referred, when the committees
are formed, to the Committee on Mines and
Mining.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on the
table for the present.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce ajoint resolution
(S. R. No. 259) relating to the Miami Indian
reservation in Kansas; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table and
bo printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1093) amendatory of the preemption laws ;
which was read twice by its title, and. ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1094) to prohibit assessments of money upon
Government employes for political or other
purposes ; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to refer the bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary, when the
committees shall be organized.
ADDITIONAL ASSISTANT ENGINEER.
Mr. FERRY. I wish to introduce a bill and
ask that it be put on its passage. I will let the
bill be read, and then state the reason why it is
necessary to act on it now.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 109-5) making an
appropriation for the purposes therein speci-
