THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
fled; and it was read the first time at length.
It proposes to authorize the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the Senate to appoint an additional assist-
ant engineer, who shall be paid at the rate of
$1,440 per annum, commencing on the 1st day
of December, 1870; and to appropriate the
sum of $840 for the purpose stated, for the
fiscal year ending the 80th of June, 1871.
The bill was, by unanimous consent, read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, the necessity
of this bill is this: after the passage of the
general appropriation bill at the last session
the Senate provided for an additional engine
and Ian in the heating and ventilating appa-
ratus of the Senate, but no provision was made
for an engineer. During the recess the en-
gine and fan have been put in, and necessarily
with the commencement of the session an en-
gineer has been appointed and placed in charge
of the engine. It is necessary, therefore, that
a provision be made for the pay of the assist-
ant engineer who has thus been appointed and
set to work.
The matter was brought to the attention of
the Committee on Contingent Expenses, who,
by a resolution at the close of the last session,
were continued over to the present, and this
bill comes from that committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr, ABBOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1090) for the relief of Elsie Ann Lums-
den, administratrix of Matthew Lawtoti, de-
ceased; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 1097)
forthe relief of John Plunkett; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie ou the
table and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1098)
to establish a western judicial district of North
Carolina; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution proposing an amendment
to the Constitution relative to suffrage ; and
I ask that it be read at length, and laid on the
table.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 260)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States; and it was read the first
time by its title.
The joint resolution was read the second
time at length. It proposes to submit to the
Legislatures of the several States the follow-
ing article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States:
basis.Of suffrage in the United
States shall be that of citizenship; and all native or
nriiYSln* If'thZen? enjoy the same rights and
Fwn - elective franchise ; but each State
th?J Jf"A08 by-iaw the aS? of the citizen and
nftw&h* t rjgs,dence, required for the exercise
ii -?- stifft age. which shall apply equally to
all citizens; and also shall make all laws concerning
Ee„n «?'flaeeI' and. manner of holding elections
for a.11 State and municipal officers,
♦T,M/'vJBrUuIB?1L,L- Before that is laid on
tee table 1 should like to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Kansas how it differs from the amend-
ment to the Constitution introduced at the last
session, I think by him, or if not by him by
some other Senator, and which is now pending
in the Senate ? s
Mr. POMEROY. My information was that
the amendment which I introduced almost
m this language last year was reported back
adversely by the Committee on the Judiciary.
. ¥.r' iHUMBULL. 1 he Senator is correct
in his recollection ; it was reported back, but
it is on the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood not. I have
not looked at the Calendar, but I was informed
this morning that the proposition had been
acted upon adversely and lost its place on the
Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that it
had been acted upon.
Mr. POMEKOY. I was told so ; but I have
not looked at the Calendar myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not recollect that
action had taken place. 1 thought this was the
same subject, and was still pending.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is still in committee,
I think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the committee re-
ported at the last session.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee reported
the proposition adversely, and it lost its place
on the Calendar. So I am informed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair finds,
on looking at the Calendar, that the joint reso-
lution referred to is on the Calendar, the Judi-
ciary Committee having been discharged from
its consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. Has action been bad on
the question of discharging the committee?
The VICE PRES1DENT. Action has been
had only to the extent of discharging the com-
mittee.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will let this lie on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will lie on the table for the present.
JIIAJII RESERVATION IN KANSAS.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. President, I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask for its present con-
sideration :
Whereas it is alleged that frauds are being perpe-
trated in the disposal of the lands embraced in the
Miami Indian reservation in Kansas: it is, therefore.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs is
hereby directed to inquire whether it is not advisa-
ble to direct a suspension of the issuance of patents
or otber evidences of title to said lands until such
action may be taken for their disposal as is eontem-
plated by the terms of the treaty of 1851 with said
Miami Indians.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a direc-
tion to the Committee on Indian Affairs, which
is not yet appointed.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps the resolution had
better lie on the table until the committees
shall have been announced.
Mr. ROSS. I will consent that it lie on the
table for the present, the committees not having
been appointed.
#1he VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ABBOTT. Is it proper to makeareport
from a committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not call for reports of committees yet; but if
there is a committee in existence, of course it
can make a report.
Mr. ABBOl'T. I desire to make a report
to accompany Senate bill No. 717.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. Prom what com-
mittee?
Mr. ABBOTT. The Committee on Military
Affairs.
-I he VICE PRESIDENT. That cannot be
done. There is no Committee on Military
Affairs now in existence. There is one com-
mittee in existence, the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, and the Chair does not remember any
other.'
_ Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, am I correct
m understanding the ruling of the Chair the
other day to be thai it is not competent, even
by unanimous consent, to take up a bill pend-
ing before the Senate during the first six days
of the session?
Mr. POMEROY. We can do anything by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DRAKE. We cannot violate a joint
rule by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
a joint rule cannot be violated by unanimous
consent.
Mr. DRAKE. The question I ask, sir, is
whether it is now in order, by uuanimous con-
sent, to take up a bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the ruling
of the predecessors of the present occupant or
the chair it would not be in order. They have
ruled that by the joint rule adopted by the two
Houses this cannot be done during the first
six days of any session of a Congress subse-
quent to the first; and being a joint rule, it
can only be dispensed with as the sixteenth
and seventeenth joint rules are at the close of
the session, by tne consent of both Houses.
But the Chair stated before that be had exam-
ined the record for some years back and found
that at almost every session this rule had been
waived, apparently by unanimous consent;
motions made to take up bills, no dissent
made, no ruling required, and they have been
entertained.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire then, sir,
of the Chair how it was that a bill was passed
just now from the Committee on Contingent
nses ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That does not
come within the rule. The rule applies to
business from a preceding session, not to ori-
ginal bills introduced at this session. It there-
fore gives original bills a priority over bills of
a previous session during these six days. They
can be introduced and acted on.
Mr. DRAKE. I would inquire of the Chair
furli^r, whether the rule found by the Chair
apj^.ssto Senate bills pending here from the
last session as well as to bills from the House
of Representatives?
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. It applies to bills
of each House; and the ruling made on the
two occasions to which the Chair has already
referred was in regard to Senate bills, pro-
hibiting action on Senate bills that remained
over.
Mr. POMEROY. I dc^iot understand that
to be the practice of the h; en ate; but I do not
wish to urge anything against it, and I will
move an adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Clerk of the
House of Representatives has just appeared
with a message. Will the Senator suspend to
allow it to be received?
Mr. POMEROY. Then I withdraw the
motion for a moment.
MESSAGE PROM THE HODSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPuebsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2431) to authorize the
Jersey Shore National Bank, Pennsylvania, to
change its location;
A bill (H. R. No. 2452) to place on the
naval pension-roll the names of the widows and
minor children of Newton H. Adams and John
liudenstein; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 386)'tosupply
an omission in an enrolled bill.
The message also announced that the House,
in accordance with the request of the Sen-
ate, returned the bill (H. R. No. 2361) entitled
"An act for the relief of the heirs of Jethro
Wood, the inventor of the modern plow," sent
to the House of Representatives on the 14th
day of J uly last.
ENliOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 228) to enlarge the jurisdic-
tion of the probate courts in Idaho Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 871) granting to the Utah
Central Railroad Company a right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2410) donatingthe Chatta-
hoochee arsenal to the State of Elorida for
educational purposes.
