866
THE COHGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
ization and weakening of our loyal legislators
that it would probably defeat any legislation
designed to afford protection to the oppressed
and hunted loyalists of the South.
I now yield to my colleague [Mr. Platt] for
his question.
No question was asked, and Mr. Pouter
took his seat.
Mr. COX. Will not the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. B UTLE it, of Massachusetts. I yield to
the gentleman for five minutes.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say one
word in the kindest spirit toward gentlemen
on the other side of the House. I think that
they have shown a commendable spirit of
kindness in their willingness to remove by this
bill some of these disqualifications. At the
beginninz of this session I submitted a propo-
sition to abolish the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion. I thought, that committee was not pro-
ducing tranquillity or harmony North or South.
There are some matters of legislation in which
we ought to join here without regard to parti-
san feeling, and certainly without regard to
sectional feeling. I now feel inclined to con-
gratulate the Reconstruction Committee, and
gentlemen generally on the other side of the
Houses, upon at least these steps toward a
generous policy in the treatment of the South.
I would be willing to go further than this bill
proposes and vote, according to the suggestion
made on the other side, to declare that here-
after the only oath required shall be a simple
oath to support the Constitution—such an oath
as we had in the old times. I accept this meas-
ure as a step in that direction, because oaths
have become odious in this country by reason of
their frequency anU their "iron-clad " charac-
ter. They have become as cheap as "custom-
house oaths" or '-dicers' oaths." Nobody
seems to care much for them. Let us crush
out, this multiplication of oaths, especially as
bills like l his are calculated to bring into official
positions a better class of men who will act
more in harmony with the spirit of our Gov-
ernment.
The gentleman from Massachusetts shows
himself on the march toward a general spirit
of kindness and amnesty when he becomes the
organ of the committee to present this bill here.
But 1 do not believe, from what 1 have heard
from him, that,he has that ungentle spirit this
afternoon exhibited by this member from
Richmond. Virginia.
Why. Mr. Speaker, is it not time we should
stop talking about outrages, when they are the
very consequence of our lack of tranquillity
in the North and South and among the people
of the country ? Good government brings tran-
quillization of the people. It is a sign of bad
government if there be unkiudness and want
of comitr between the Stales and the people,
and every move we make in the direction ol
removing tlip.se oaths and disqualifications cul-
tivates a better spirit. It is like inrertrading;
it is like intermixing; it is like love; it is
like God's own law; and I congratulate the
other side of the House that they are march-
ing up to that duty, and i hope before Con-
gress closes the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will give us an opportunity to vote for
that true and liberal system of amnesty which
1 have had the honor to advocate heretofore
on this floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
now to the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Strong.]
Mr. PORTER. I wish to reply to the mem -
ber from New York.
Mr. STRONG. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
s:\noi.LKD iur.1,
Mr, BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled the following bill;
when the S pea iter signed the same :
An act (S. No. 849) to authorize the sale
of certain lands reserved for the use of the
Menomonee tribe of Indians in the State of
Wisconsin.
"BLACK COB'S" BAND OF S1IAWNEK INDIANS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior, transmitting the claims of
"Black Bob's" band of Shawnee Indians
against the whites; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
SPEfiCKR AND MEAD.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, submitting the claim of
Spencer & Mead for provisions furnished by
them to the Kansas tribe of Indians ; whicW
was referred to the Committee ©f Claims.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Commissioner of Patents, transmitting
to the House the annual report of the Com-
missioner of Patents; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent, on behalf of Mr. Dockery, of North
Carolina, to introduce a bill.
Mr. KERR. I call for the regular order of
business. RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider all
references of bills and joint resolutions made
yesterday and to-day ; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STRONG. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes |
57, noes 60; no qnorum voting. ;
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Strong and Mr.
Kerr.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes seventy-four, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and then (at
four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, El'C.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
ander the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ASPER : A bill to establish a mail
route from Tenny's Point, in Ray county, to
Dawn, in Livingston county, Missouri.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Fred-
erick Kremer and others, tobacconists, of the
city of Detroit. Michigan, praying for relief
from the repetitious tax on sales, &c.
By Mr. COX: The petition of R. S. Brooke
& Co., and others, manufacturers and dealers
in tobacco, snuff, and cigars, for relief from
extraordinary taxes.
By Mr. DONLEY: A petition of many
soldiers and citizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania, praying for the passage of a bill
granting land to soldiers without occupancy.
By Mr. DUVAL: A petition signed by 43
citizens of Brooke county, West Virginia, pray-
ing for an amendment to the homestead law
which will give to soldiers of the late war land
without requiring the settlement of the same.
Also, a petition signed by 28 soldiers, citizens
of Jefferson county, Ohio, praying for an
amendment to the homestead law which will
give to soldiers of the late war land without
requiring the settlement of the same.
Also, a petition signed by 30 soldiers, citizens
of Washington county, Pennsylvania, praying
for amendments to the homestead law which
will give to the soldiers of the lato war land
without requiring the settlement of the same.
Also, a petition signed by 43 soldiers, citizens
of Hancock eounty, West Virginia, praying for
amendments to the homestead law which will
give to soldiers of the late war land without
requiring the settlement of the same.
By Mr. FERRY: The petition of Major
James W. Long, late a captain in the United
States Army, praying that he may be placed
on the retired list", with the rank of captain.
By Mr. HAMILL: The petition of Robert
Snively and others, officers of the Colored
Labor Union of Cumberland, Maryland, pray-
ing for a transfer of a small lot of ground
belonging to the United States for a burying
ground.
By Mr. HAY: A petition of dealers in
snuff, tobacco, and cigars, in Alton, Illinois,
praying that the tax on sales ot the same be
taken off.
Also, a petition of manufacturers and deal-
ers in snuff, tobacco, and cigars, in the city
of Belleville, Illinois, praying to he relieved
of the repetition of tax on sales under the
internal revenue law.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
petition of citizen merchants of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, praying Congress to grant relief for
damages inflicted by the Alabama and other
British cruisers.
By Mr. JONES, of Kentucky: The petition
of Homer Hudson and others, of Covington,
Kentucky, that manufactured tobacco, snuff,
cigars, and leaf tobacco should not be sub-
ject to tax on sales, and that special tax and
license oil retail dealers in such articles who
do not make it their sole business should be
abolished.
By Mr. JUDD: The memorial of Hibben &
Co.. of Chicago, and others interested in the
sale and manufacture of tobacco, asking that
manufactured tobacco be treated as general
merchandise and not subject to tax on sales.
Also, the petition of X. J. Adams and others,
assistant marshals, asking increased compen-
sation.
By Mr. LAFL1N: The petition of D. S.
Kimball and others, of Jefferson county, New
York, in favor of inquiring into the propriety
of excluding homeopathic physicians from
acting as examining surgeons in the pension
department.
By Mr. LASH : The petition of Cyrus P.
Mendenhall, a citizen of Guilford county,
North Carolina, for removal of disabilities.
Also, the petition of John J. Jones, .a citi-
zen of Caswell county, North Carolina, for
removal of disabilities.
By Mr. LOGAN: A petition of honorably-
discharged soldiers, for legislation to enable
them to acquire homesteads on the public
lands.
By Mr. McKENZIE: The petition of Mary
Ridgeway, mother of the late Robert Ridge-
wav, now in her eighty-eighth year, asking for
balance of compensation from the time of his
death until his successor qualified.
By Mr. MOORE, of Illinois: A petition,
signed by 58 citizens of Champaign county,
Illinois, praying such a modification of the
homestead law as to afford further relief to
soldiers.
Also, a petition for the estv-blisement of a
post route from Tuscola, in Douglas county,
to Mackville, Piatt county, Illinois.
By Mr. PLATT: A memorial of tho Board
of Trade of Norfolk, Virginia, asking subsidy
from the United States for the Norfolk and
European Steamship Company.
Also, the petition" of Mrs. Adelaide Arm-
strong, for arrears of pay withheld from her
late husband, Captain William M. Armstrong,
of the United States Navy.
Also, a petition of the homeopathic physi-
cians of Richmond, Virginia.
By Mr. VAN WYCK: A petition of soldiers
and sailors of Orange county, New York, for
a bill granting condemned cannon for monu-
ment at Washington's headquarters. New-
bury, New York.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
Joseph Greer, praying for pension,
