868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Mr. HARLAN1. I hold in my hand a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior in relation
to the absentee Shawnee Indian lands. I move
that it be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
reports op committees.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 608) for
the relief of Cornelias D. Loring, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. PII ATT, from the Committee <*ii Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution
(H. 1!. No. 332) for the relief of Captain B. W.
Bass, late of the fifth Tennessee cavalry, asked
to be discharged from its farther considera-
tion, and that it be referred' to the Committee
on Military Affairs ; which was agreed to.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee 011 Mil-
itary Affairs, submitted a report to accompany
the bill (S. No. 734) for the relief of Isaac H.
Alien ; which was ordered to-be printed.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom v.';is referred the bill (S. No. 1180) to
organize the Territory of Oklahoma and con-
solidate certain Indian tribes under territorial
government, introduced by the late Senator
from Missouri. (Mr. Jewett,) have had the
same under consideration and instructed me
to report it back and submit a report, which
I desire to have printed; and at the proper
time—or now, if it can be done at this time—
I desire to have this bill substituted 011 the
Calendar for the one now pending on the same
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
he ordered to be printed, and the Chair under-
stands the Senator from Nevada as desiring
to have this bill substituted for the one now
pending on the Calendar upon the same sub-
ject. If there be no objection, that order will
be made.
Mr. NYE. I desire that there shall be no
contusion on this point. I do not desire to
have this bill substituted for the hill of the
Senator from Iowa. [Mr. Harlan,] but for the
bill on the same subject heretofore reported
by the Committee on Territories and now 011
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
understood.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1299) for the relief of William P.
Kerr, reported it without amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, submitted a report respect-
ing the claims of the Northwest Fur Company
and Messrs. T. Burguin & Georoey, for the
subsistence of men employed for the defense
of Fcit Union in 18G6 and 1867 ; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. 1 am directed by the
Committee on Claim?, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (II. R. No. 465) for the
relief of William Buck, late surgeon of the
sixth Maine infantry volunteers, to report
adversely thereon, and recommend the indefi-
nite postponement of the joint resolution. I
ask that the joint resolution be placed on the
Calendar, with the adverse report of the com-
mittee, and I move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the report
of the House accompanying the joint resolu-
tion just reported by the Senator from Rhode
Island be printed. There are two reports.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary AO'aits, to whom was referred the bill
(11. It. No. 262o) providing for the sale of
laud belonging to the United States situated
nt Sag Harbor, Suffolk county, in the State of
New York, repotted it without, amendment.
Mr, EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Caroline Payne and Lydia A. McLaughlin,
praying to be allowed pensions, reported a bill
(S. No. 1292) granting a pension to Caroline
Payne: which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
loyal steamboat owners.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 292) to amend a joint
resolution relating to steamboats and other
vessels owned in the loyal States, approved
December 23, 1869, have instructed me to
report it without amendment, and ask for its
present consideration.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
to amend the joint resolution relating to
steamboats and other vessels owned.in the
loyal States, approved December 23, 1869, by
adding at the end thereof the words, " or in
conformity with the laws of the United States."
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible to
understand that from the reading of it. I do
not know what it is.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will state briefly
that according to custom the Quartermaster
General was at one time authorized to pay for
certain property taken by quartermasters dur-
ing the rebellion, for which proper certificates
were given. 1 do not remember when, but
perhaps in February, 1867—I think I have the
date right—Congress passed a stay law, pro-
hibiting the payment of such claims. After-
ward, on December 23, 1869, Congress passed
a joint resolution providing for the payment
of those claims, provided that the claimants
were loyal at the time their claims originated,
remained loyal thereafter, and were residents
of loyal States, and such steamboats or other
vessels were in the insurrectionary districts by
proper authority, '• namely, by charter, con-
tract, impressment, or in conformity with rules
or regulations established by the Secretary of
the Treasury and approved by the President
of the United States."
I understand the effect of that resolution to
be this: that if a man who resided in Philadel-
phia was loyal from the beginning, continued
loyal to the end, had his steamboat or other
vessel taken by impressment or contract and
carried under that contract or impressment to
a disloyal State and there used, the Quarter-
master General is authorized to pay him in
accordance with that contract or for the use
of that vessel; and why? Simply because it
was there by charter or contract, or it was
there under rules and regulations established
by the Secretary of the Treasury and approved
by the President of the United States. But if
the same- person had at the same time a vessel
within the lines of the rebel States lawfully
the Quartermaster General cannot pay for it,
is prohibited from paying for it by the con-
struction which the Secretary of the Treasury
places upon the resolution of 1869, because it
was uot there by charter, it was not there by
contract, it was not there by impressment, but
was there under laws which existed and which
were in operation previous to the rebellion ; it
was there lawfully.
The difference is simply this: the same man,
having the same character, living in the same
place, may have pay if his vessel was within
the rebel States under a special contract by
the Secretary of the Treasury; and he cannot
have his pay if it was there under a law pre-
vious to the rebellion. Though it wa3 there
lawfully, yet he cannot be paid. I do not see
why he should not be; and this resolution
which I present merely gives authority to pay
the man in either case. I do uot know that 1
need say any more about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that
that resolution involves a question which has
been very much debated in the Senate, and
that is, whether property in the rebel States
belonging to a loyal person, taken by our
authorities, shall be paid for. If these ves-
sels, in the case supposed by the Senator from
Connecticut, belonging to a gentleman in
Philadelphia and found in the rebel States,
were taken and used by the Government, and
he is to receive pay, can we avoid paying for
all the property that was found in the rebel
States which belonged to loyal men ?
We have passed laws from time to time pro-
viding that where quartermaster and commis-
sary stores were taken by the proper officers
of the Army in the loyal States, and receipts
given for them at the time, payment should
be made: but we have never yet gone so far
as to authorize payment for property taken in
the disloyal States and appropriated by our
Army. That is a question that has beeu much
discussed in the Senate.
Now, how is this case to be distinguished
from the other cases of the property of loyal
citizens taken in the rebel States? I confess
I think this resolution will establish a principle
which will go further than our legislation has
hitherto gone. It is a very difficult subject to
deal with. When the question of the equity
of this class of claims is pressed upon the con-
sideration of Congress there seems to be no
good answer to it. I myself have felt very
much embarrassed by the pressure brought to
bear in behalf of loyal men in the South, men
who, in the midst of disloyalty all around
them, were true to the Government, and whose
means were taken to sustain it; and yet
refuse to pay them, while we pay men in the
loyal States whose property was taken under
similar circumstances. There is a distinction
between the cases. One is regarded as in the
enemy country; and it has been insisted by
many members of the Senate that there is 110
obligation, according to the rules of inter-
national law, to pay for property taken under
such circumstances. Then, there is great dif-
ficulty in discriminating i \ the rebel States
between those who were loyal and those who
were not loyal; and if we commence paying
the claims of persons who claim to be loyal
it has been said that it will open the door to
a very large amount of claims, and there will
be uo end to the calls upon the Treasury. Con-
gress has not thus far taken that step.
Although there may seem to be very lit-
tle difference between the joint resolution as
we passed it in 1869 and the joint resolution
as the Senator fiom Connecticut would have
it amended, and it may seem very bar J I ha',
the citizen who had a vessel taken under a
contract should get pay for it, and the citizen
who had a vessel that was taken, not under a
contract, should not have pay for it, yet we
have made that distinction all along. In the
bills which we have passed to pay for quar-
termasters' and commissary stores taken by
the Army we have always provided that they
should have been taken by a proper oflicer, so
as to prevent claims against the Government
in cases where straggling troops appropriated
property as they passed through the country.
The Government never undertook to pay Im-
properly taken in that way. It must have been
taken by a proper officer and receipted for;
I else we have never paid for it in any instance.
I submit that there is a principle involved in
this joint resolution that ought to have the
consideration of the Senate, though I do not
feel incliued to interpose any objection further
than to call the attention of the Senate to the
case.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose this resolution
is being proceeded with by unaiiimou-i consent.
I think it will open a discussion which we have
not time to hear this morning.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should like to say a
word in reply to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. POMEROY. Senators around me say
they desire to have it further investigated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansasobjects to the consideration of the joint
resolution, but yields to the Senator from Con-
necticut, to allow him to make a response to
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will simply state
that I think the Senator from Illinois does not
