42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
of the matter tfrbesenttherennder, (as "Department
of the Interior, Patent Office Report," "Executive
Office, President's Message/' and the like,) which
stamps shall be used by the Department or officer to
whom the same may be issued, respectively, only for
the purpose of stamping all books, documents, and
other official matter issued from such Department
or office, respectively, including in the use of the
same, by the Clerks of the Senate and House of
Representatives, all reports and speeches made in
their respective Houses which members may provide
lor circulation. And such stamping-machines shall
be used for no other purposes than as aforesaid, and
all matter so stamped shall thereupon puss through
the mails withoutrequiriufffurtherstamps orcharge;
and the postage upon all books, papers, documents,
correspondence, and other publicmatter so stamped
shall be charged by the Post Office Department to
the Department or office issuing the same, respect-
ively, and the amount so charged shall be defrayed
by such Departments and officers out of appropria-
tions to be made therefor by Congress as part of the
incidental expenses of the Government: Provied,
That the stamping or writing of th& name of any
person or officer upon any communication or docu-
ment so stamped as hereinbefore provided shall not
subject the same to additional postage.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be allowed ro each Senator and Representative and
Delegate in Congress, and to cover the expenses of
their own correspondence, the sum of §1U0 for each
session of Congress.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That any person
"who shall forge or counterfeit any such official post-
age stamp or stamping-machine, or who shall coun-
terfeit any die or plate therefor, or who snail make,
or print, or knowingly use or sell, or have in his
possession with intent to use or sell, any such false,
forged, or counterfeit die-plate, stamp,or stamping-
machine, or any paper, wrapper, or envelope stamped
by any fal>e, forged, or counterfeit die-plate, post-
age stamp, or stampins-machme.orwhoshali author-
ize or procure to be made any such official die-plate,
stamp, or sUmping-maehine. without the special
direction of the Post Office Departmen t, or who, after
the same have been prepared, shall, with intent to
deiraud the revenue of the Post Oilice Department,
deliver any such official dies, plates, stamps, or
stamping-machines to any person or persons other
than such asshall be authorized to receive toe same,
by instrument of writing duly executed under the
hand of the Postmaster General and the seal of the
Post Office Department, shall, on conviction thereof,
be deemed guilty of felony and be punished by a fine
not exceeding 8500. or by imprisonment not exceed-
ing five years, or by both such fine and imprison-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
this to be in the nature of a substitute for the
entire thirteenth chapter.
Mr. FARNSVVORTH. Yes, sir; thatisso.
I wish now to move some verbal corrections
to the amendment as it has just been read.
In line fifteen, page 2, I move to strike out.
''clerks" and insert *'Secretary," and after
the "word "and" insert 4*the Clerk of the:"
so that it will then read as follows :
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be prepared and issued by the Post Office Depart-
ment to the President of the United States, to each
head of Department, and to the Secretary of the
Senate and the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, proper stamping-machines, which machines
shall print or impress the name of the Department
or officer using thesame, respectively, and the nature
of the matter to be sent thereunder, (as, "Depart-
ment of the Interior, PatentOfiiee Report/' "Exec-
utive'Office, President's .Message," and the like,)
which stamps shall be used by the Department or
officer to whom the same may he issued, respectively,
only for the purpose of stamping all books, docu-
ments, and other official matter issued trom such
Department or officc, respectively, including in the
use of the same, by the Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, all re-
ports and speeches made in their respective Houses
which members may provide for circulation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. On page S I move
to insert the words "to the Vice President,"
and strike out the words 44 and"' and u their,"
and insert "his so the section will read :
Sec. —. Andbe It further enacted. That there shall
beallowed to the Vice President, to each Senator and
Representative and Delegate in Congress, to cover
the expenses of his own correspondence, the sum of
§100 for each session of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I renew my motion.
Mr. POTTER. Mr, Speaker, the amend-
ment which the committee have proposed as a
substitute for the sections of this bill continuing
the franking privilege, embodies the provisions
of the bill which I introduced into the House
on Tuesday last. The House will remember
that at iis last session it passed a bill totally abol-
ishing the franking privilege, and that that hilt
went to the Senate, whete it still remains to be
acted on. That bill contained no provision
substituting in place of the franking privilege
anything by which Government matter would
continue to be carried free through the mails.
The necessary result, therefore, must be that
the free circulation of public documents and
other official matter must after the passage of
that bill be suspended.
Itis very doubtful whether thecountry desires
that the publication of official and public mat-
ter, heretofore freely circulated, should be sus-
pended. On the contrary, I apprehend that
the public desire is rather that the abuses inci-
dent to the franking privilege should be cor-
rected than that the whole system of free
circulation should be put an end to. Yet that
it will be put an end to will be the inevitable
result of the passage of the House bill by the
Senate. Nevertheless, whatever may be our
views in respect of that question, no such action
as that proposed by the committee here can
interfere with the action of the Senate, if it
should conclude finally to pass the bill we
adopted at the last session, abolishing the frank-
ing privilege. But inasmuch as such action by
the Senate is very doubtful, it seems to me to
be meantime the part of wisdom to attempt to
correct when we may the abases incident to
the franking privilege as it now exists. This
substitute will, as 1 think, correct all those
abuses, and yet leave to be circulated at the
expense of the Government, substantially, all
the matter which is now so circulated.
The bill provides that the matter which the
Government may issue, instead of passing free
through the mails when authenticated by the
personal frank of any person entitled to use a
frank, shall pass free only when authenticated
by a stamp which shall be prepared by the
Postmaster General, bearing such device as he
shall see fit, and which shall be issued to the
respective Departments issuing such matter,
and to the Secretary of the Senate and the
Clerk of the House of Representatives. There
would thus be issued, let me say for the sake
of illustration, from the Department of the In-
terior a certain numberof Patent Office reports
which would hear the stamp "Department of
the Interior, PatentOffice Report," and these,
like all documents having the official stamp,
would pass through the mails without any fur-
ther stamps or charge. An account of their
weight and of the postage upon such matter
would be kept by the Post Office authorities.
The Post Office Department would be paid for
the work it might do, and thus that great com-
plaint on the part of that Department would be
obviated. Each Department would be charged
that amount of postage which properly belongs
to it. There would thus be every inducement
to the persons connected with the respective
Departments to see that no improper matter
went into the mails under their stamp, and
that no documents except those actually and
properly issued for circulation received the
stamp.
As regards the members of this body, we
shall have the documents we desire to dispatch
furnished to lisfrom the. folding-room in a form
ready to go through the mails without any fur-
ther frank by us, but' bearing, if we desire, the
name of the person by whom they may be
sent. We will thus be relieved from the oner-
ous and annoying business of franking, and
the corrupt and improper use of the franking
privilege will be preveuted.
I hold in my hand a document from a public
office in England, which passed through the
post office in London, which bears the stamp
of the civil service commission, by whom it
was issued, andis marked "paid 4d.," with the
date and place where mailed; and I understand
that the system in England is substantially in
this respect such a system as that which this
amendment provides for. Gentlemen will ob-
serve that the provision in regard to the per-
sonal correspondence of members is different
from that in regard to public matter. Accord-
ing to my view, men who write to members of
Congress upon public business should pay their
postage—as far as my own observation goes,
two thirds of them do so now—and such per-
sons should, if. this amendment is adopted,
inclose to us stamped envelopes, to be used
when we answer tiieir letuers. But, besides
such correspondence, there is a certain amount
of postage which in the discharge of our duties
here we are subjected to, and which does uot
come under the head of replies to correspond-
ents. The bill therefore provides a small sum
to cover that expense.
Objections to the scheme proposed may
occur to gentlemen, but it appears to me that
they can all be answered and obviated. 1 am
satisfied that this system, which I believe com-
mends itself to the Postmaster General, will to
a very large extent relieve the public service
from the abuses and injuries which are now
necessarily attendant upon the franking privi-
lege, and to which it must remain open under
the present law.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I desire to move to
amend the amendment by striking out all after
the first section, so as to aboli;-h the franking
privilege, except that newspapers, periodicals,
and magazines interchanged between publish-
ers, and newspapers within the counties where
published, may go free. If it be true, as was
stated and acted upon at the last session of
Congress, that the people of thiscountry desire
that the franking privilege be abolished, then
form was given to that desire in the passage of
the act for that purpose, so far as this House
could do so at its last session. I never belief ed,
with my colleague upon the committee, [Mr.
Hill,] that the people of this country desired
the abolition of the franking privilege; although,
of course, very large form and expression were
given to that idea ny persistent effort from cer-
tain quarters. Postmasters throughout the
country were probably the only persons who
solicited or forwarded petitions for the abro-
gation. The people have never believed the
cost of mail transportation would be reduced
thereby, neither would the Treasury be bene-
fited ; for it is now proposed to charge each
Department and Congress with the postage on
all matter carried, and credit the Post Office
Department with the same. The people can-
not be gratified or satisfied with a mere illusion.
The desire is to make the Post Office Depart-
ment self-sustaining, when it is made so only
by the Government paying from its own Treas-
ury the postage for transporting its own docu-
ments. Without benefiting the Treasury it adds
another burden, in the labor and necessary ex-
penses of ascertaining the amount of mail mat-
ter carried for the Governmentand the amouut
collected on the same. But if such be the de-
sire of the people, then we do not give it form
in the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farn'swortii.] His amend-
ment as far as the people are concerned is a
fraud upon them, as well as a fraud upon
the Treasury. It is proposed in the interests
of eeonomy to abolish the franking privilege,
and yet this amendment retains it in all its
objectionable features.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pot-
ter,] by what authority I know not, says that
the people of this country are not prepared for
the abolition of the franking privilege upon the
public documents that are carried through the
mails. I understand, on the contrary, that
therein is the objection of the people to the
franking privilege; and the only reason why
this House was justified in its action was that it
wasseebingto relieve the Government from the
enormous expense for the publication of docu-
ments not desired by the people—flooding t.he
mails with tons upon tons. Yet all t his amend-
ment proposes is to take away the franking priv-
ilege as to letters, which the gentleman from
New York says are three fourths of them
prepaid now, and in many eases stamped
envelopes are inclosed for the answer.
And then another section is ingrafted on
the bill, that S100 shall he paid to each mem-
