THB CDJJGKBSSIQSAIi &L0BI.
December 8,
freely with members of Congress or public offi-
cers here in Washington is cat off. In other
■words, the great reform to he initiated by this
amendment amounts simply to depriving the
citizen of the free use of the mails to commu-
nicate with public officials. We are ready tp
abolish the franking privilege to the extent of
catting off the interest which the citizen has in
it, bat we propose to preserve this privilege to
ourselves and every public official here in Wash-
ington. In this view the proposition now be-
fore us seems to me much more objectionable
than the present laws.
I can conceive nothing to be gained to the
country by this measure, either in the preven-
tion of abuses or an increase of the revenue.
This amendment proposes to continue the frank-
ing privilege, but iu another and more objec-
tionable form. It is proposed to give $100 to
each of us as an equivalent for the use of the
frank. If there be any privilege in the use of
the frank, we compensate ourselves for dis-
pensing with this privilege. But if the citizen
desires to communicate with the Post Office
Department upon an abuse in that Department,
or if he has any communication to make to his
Representative, he is not allowed for such a
purpose the free use of the mails. This, and
nothing else, is the effect of the amendment.
This, and this only, it seems to me, is the origin
of this cry against the franking privilege. It
is the great cities, the great newspaper estab-
lishments of the great cities, who therein see
an increase of their circulation, and therein a
greater dependence of the public on them for
information than on the mails communicating
directly with their representatives, which decry
the franking privilege.
I have voted heretofore, and will vote again,
for the abolition of the franking privilege
throughout, so that the people may see whether
it is of any use or not. But, sir, to preserve
in this form everything in which there is abuse,
and only cut off that, and that alone, in which
the people have ail interest, I am not prepared
to vote.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE I'KOM THB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Simpson, one of i's clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (S. No.
1095) making an appropriation for the purpose
therein specified, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
CODIFICATION QE PQST-iL LAWS AGAIN.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I am not in favor
of this amendment,as it retains a so-called priv-
ilege we have already abolished, and no mem-
ber upon the floor of this House has the right
to say that the Senate will not pass the House
billabolishing the franking privilege. I believe
that they are ready to pass it as it passed the
House. It will be done; and I believe that the
masses of the people of the country demand
that it shall be done. I do not believe at this
time that any new avenues should be opened
into the Treasury of the United States whereby
money shall be dragged out, ag in this case, of
$100 each session to each member of Congress,
amounting in the aggregate to oyer sixty-six
thousand dollars a year. We are in no posi-
tion to make new onslaughts upon the Treasury,
and especially at this time, when there are
men from alt parts of the country at our doors
pounding and hammering away for further
reduction of taxes upon the people, Now, for
the members of this House to impose a new
tax, to pay each one of iho members $10Q a
year—some it will cost that i'qr postage, and
some not so much, the balance to go into their
own pockets—is something which I do not think
will meet with the approval of the country. I
hope, therefore, the amendment will not pre-
vail, or at least that it will not be enacted
into law.
As regards the country newspapers, there
can be provision ma!'; for thesn when the
Senate oabses tile bill which was sent from the
House. I believe the Senate will pass that
bill, and I believe it will be passed before the
session closes. If they do not do it I am
much mistaken, from what has been told me by
Senators. I hope this amendment will not pre-
vail ; but that we will go forward and speedily
finish this important bill in a proper wanner,
Mr. COBURN. I have not understood, Mr.
Speaker, that the circulation of public docu-
ments printed by order of the Government
was an abuse of the franking privilege.^ I
have never heard that as a cause of complaint;
but, on the contrary, it was the use of this
franking privilege for private purposes, for
purposes which are not public, for the circu-
lation of documents not public, but semi-pub-
lic as it were, such as speeches and other mat-
ter of that kind. I think the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Vax Wyck,] as well as other
gentlemen, greatly understate the value of i
these public documents. In a Government of
the people it is proper that in every township
and every neighborhood there should be accu-
rate reports of the working of the various
Departments, and there ought to be distrib-
uted every where through the mails these official
documents. If we do not do that, the power
of publishing these things will be in the hands
of the few great newspapers and the few great
publishing houses of the country.
1 think the amendment of the committee is
a good one, aside perhaps from one thing: that
is, except for this third section, which provides
for an allowance of $100 to the Vice President, ,
and to each Senator and member of the House j
of Representatives, to cover the expense of bis
correspondence. If that were stricken out this
section would be about perfect. Let these
public documents go to the people. It is the
part of an intelligent Government to spread
information, and it should be our task to diffuse
knowledge. The information given in these
public documents goes to the peoplein a much
more accurate shape than it would through the
newspapers which the gentleman from New
York has talked about. The information in
our official reports in reference to governmental
affairs is much more reliable than what would
be communicated through the public prints,
and 1 am in favor of our public documents going
into the hands of the people as cheaply as pos-
sible. This amendment secures that object.
Take out this $100, which is a mere bagatelle
at any rate, and which we ought not to think
of taking—takethis out, and I think this amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] with the additional amendment
that petitions should come free, would make
exactly the provision of law which the people
require and which they have demanded.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I have not
said, nor, so far as I am aware, has any gen-
tleman said, that the Senate would not pass
the bill totally abolishing the franking privi-
lege which passed this House at its last session.
That is for the wisdom of the Senate to decide.
Should it pass that bill, the necessary result
would be that public documents will no longer
be circulated, except exactly so far as mem-
bers of Congress see fit out of their own pock-
ets to pay the postage on them; and their cir-
culation thereafter, would, I take it, be a very
limited one; hut till such time as the Senate
do pass the bill doing away with all free mat-
ter—and for which I voted, and for which I
am ready when the question comes up to
vote again—the consideration remains whether
some measure shall not be adopted to correct
the abuses incident to the present system of
circulating public matter. The point is not
whether we shall give up the free circulation
of public matter, as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] suggests; but it is
whether, as the amendment proposed by the
committee provides, an account shall not be
kept of all public matter sent through the
mails, so that there cau be a check upon
abuses. Under our present system.there is
no account kept, and none jau be kept of the
distribution of free matter; and what is tbe
result? That the mails of the Post Office
Department are burdened down with franked
matter, for the carrying of which the Depart-
ment receives no credit, and in regard to
which, as to whether it be public matter or
not, it has no discrimination, and cau exercise
no check whatever. But under the system
proposed by the committee each Department
will be responsible for the custody of its own
stamps. Some one officer will be detailed to
use them. The postage will be charged against
the Department using the stamp, and each
Department will therefore be necessarily anx-
ious to see that all improper matter isexeluded
from circulation under its frank.
Now, as it seems to me, this is simply a ques-
tion of properly guarding the business of send-
ing the public matter which tbe Government
puts forth, and which must be carried, if carried
at all, at the Government expense. When the
time shall come when there will be uo public
matter to be sent, which will be the necessary
result of the adoption by the other House of
the bill abolishing the franking privilege, then
the subject will be removed from our consider-
ation;, but until then, and so long as public
matter is to go free through the mails, let us
have some proper check upon it, such as this
amendment provides for.
As regards the suggestion of the gentleman
from Indiana,[Mr. Coburx,] thatthe provision
for our own postal compensation should be
stricken out, as far as I am concerned I am
willing to agree to that. It is a small matter.
There will no doubt be correspondence, official
in its nature, the burden of which will in that
case fall upon us ; but 1 am as ready as any
other gentleman can be to bear that burden,
such as it may prove.
Mr. WOOD. At the last session of Con-
gress, when the bill which passed this House
with so much unanimity was under considera-
tion, I was one of tbe thirteen members who
voted against its passage. I voted against it;
because its pretended reform of the abuse of
the franking privilege was a radical wrong,
and because I was unwilling to legislate in view
of an artificial and demagogical expression of
public opinion, which was got up in order to
influence the action of Congress upon this whole
question. I saw, sir, avast difference between
reforming an abuse, and the abolition of the
franking privilege altogether. It is conceded
throughout the country that the privilege which
we enjoy in this respect, as members of Con-
gress, bas been abused. That is universally con-
ceded and universally recognized; and the ob-
ject of the committee, as I undersiand it, in
offering this amendment is to provide a remedy.
I doubt, sir, whether this bill will accomplish
| that object. I doubt very much whether ibis
appropriation of $100, which we propose to
directly grant out of the public Treasury to each
member of Congress, being in all $66,000 a
session, or about $200,000 a year—because it
is possible to have three sessions within the
same year—.will remedy the abuse at all.
And, sir, I have very grave doubts as to this
new book-keeping process, this prooess of
charging up against the House of Iiepresenta-
tives and against the Senate, and, if you please,
against an individual member of Congress, the
amount that lie is required to pay or shall pay
for the number of speeches franked to be sent
abroad, or against the Treasury Department
or any other executive Department of the Gov-
ernment, all to be kept in the Post Office Depart-
ment in an entire new manner of book-keep-
ing, involving probably an expenditure of
forty or fifty thousand dollars a year for addi-
tional clerk hire to keep these books. It will
be one Department of ihe Government keep-
ing an account of credit and debit against the
other Departments of the Government, thus
whipping the devil around the stump, and not
doing the work boldly and frankly, as it is our
duty to do.
Now, sir, in uiy judgment we have to do very
