870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
lead to debate. Here is a mere expression
of this sentiment, of this kindly feeling; the
desire of the American people to aid in estab-
lishing a republican Government there. That
idea has been often expressed in resolutions
and reports of this House—a desire to see our
institutions spread all over the world; not that
we seek to be aggressive or to force them upon
others. But wherever we can aid and encour-
age any nation, especially the French people
who aided us to establish our institutions, in
establishing a republic, we certainly ought to
give them any aid or encouragement consist-
ent with international law and consistent with
our treaties with foreign Powers; and in regard
to a sympathetic people like the French the
mere expression of a kindly feeling on our
pait will give them strength and encourage-
ment now when their wounded pride must
suffer. The French people are probably the
most sensitive of all the nations of the world
in regard to military glory. They have suffered
now military disaster, and they have that feel-
ing of loss which I think would be some-
what cheered up by a resolution passed in this
way by the representatives of the American
people. Whatever is the sentiment of the
heart pervading a great population like ours,
it seeins to me we need not be afraid to ex-
press openly at any time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that the Senator
from Ohio had better not press this amend-
ment to the original resolution, for the reason
that it seeins to have a political complexion,
whereas the original resolution simply con-
templates charity. While I should not object
to his resolution as a distinct proposition, as
I am now advised, it seems to me that we
ought not to complicate this attempt to extend
our charities and kind offices to both of these
nations by any amendment that has any sort
of political complexion or that will admit of
controversy anywhere by anybody.
Now, beyond all question the people of this
country sympathize with the people of France
in their attempt to establish a republican form
of government; but nevertheless there is or
may be a question elsewhere as to the pro-
priety of this action on our part; and it seems
to me that the origiual resolution ought to
stand in such a shape as to command the uni-
versal assent of the American people, of all
persons and all classes and all conditions, so
that they can unite, without any question, with-
out any difference of opinion, in relieving the
necessities and sufferings of these two nations.
I would appeal, therefore, to the Senator from
Ohio to withdraw this amendment and propose
it as a distinct proposition. It may be desira-
ble to m-dify aud change it. But at anyrate
it is stepping upon debatable ground, as it
seems to me; and without wishing to put my-
self in the attitude of voting against this amend-
in enr, I would suggest the propriety of its
withdrawal at this time.
Air. PO.UEROY. I would suggest to the
Senator from Ohio that his resolution should
be a concurrent resolution. If he wants to
express the sympathy of the American people
with republican institutions, it should be con-
curred in by the House of Representatives.
Mine is simply a resolution of the Senate. As
it is modified, it does not instruct the Pres-
ident, but only requests him. I think the Sen-
ate might request that.
Mr. SUMNER. I thought yours was a joint
resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. No, it is simply a reso-
lution of i he Senate. A resolution of the char-
acter of that of the Senator from Ohio should
be a concurrent or joint resolution. I would
suggest that the Senator withdraw it now, and
offer it as a concurrent or joint resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. When I drew this resolu-
tion I intended to have it introduced and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. If, in the opiuion of my friends, it is
at all embarrassing to the resolution offered
by the Senator from Kansas, I am perfectly
willing to withdraw it now and introduce it as
a separate resolution, to he referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be regarded as received and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. Leave is given to the Senator from Ohio
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 305)
expressing the sympathy of the American peo-
ple with the people of France ; and it will be
considered read twice and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. The ques-
tion recurs on the resolution of the Senator
from Kansas.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I was about to move
that, both the resolution and amendment be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I make that motion.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope that reference will
not be made. This resolution, as presented this
morning by the Senator from Kansas, seems to
me to be extremely well guarded in its expres-
sion. I see no reason why it should not be j
passed at once. I only rose to make this sug-
gestion to the Senator who offers it, whether
it would not have more force if it were a joint
resolution of the two Houses.
Mr. SUMNER. It would.
Mr. POMEROY. I have thought that it
would; and the only reason why I did not draw
it as a joint resolution was that I thought we
could pass this at once. I thought it would have i
the effect of making a suggestion at least to the ■
American people to at once organize some sys
tem of charity for the relief of these destitute i
people. If it is a joint resolution, it may bo |
delayed many days, and the effect which I I
designed to have it produce may not be pro-
duced.
Mr. TIIUPoMAN. Was it not offered yes-
terday?
Mr. POMEROY. It was. '
Mr. THURMAN. Was it not read twice
yesterdav?
Mr. POMEROY. It was.
Mr. THURMAN. Then it can be put on
its passage to day.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is the sentiment of
the Senate I certainly have no objection to
that. ["'Agreed!"] I move, then, that it;
have the heading of a joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be changed to a joint resolu-
tion. It is so ordered, and the question still
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut, to refer it to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope it will not be j
referred to any committee. It is simply au I
expression of our sympathy and desire to aid j
suffering humanity. i
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It appears to me we
ought not to pass any resolution having refer-
ence to our foreign relations without having
it properly considered. There may be other I
suggestions which would be presented to the
minds of that committee which ought to be
included in such a resolution. I think it should
be referred.
Mr. POMEROY. This is simply a question
of charity, commending the matter to the char-
itable consideration of the American people.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, to refer the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution is still before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and open to amendments.
Mr. BAYARD. Let it be again read.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution
expressing the sympathy of the American
peopl« with the suffering people of France and
Germany.
Mr. POMEROY. The beginning of that
resolution I desire to have read "resolved by
the Senate (the House of Representatives-con-
curring") so that it will be a concurrent reso-
lution not requiring the signature of the Presi-
dent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. I he resolution
will be so modified. It is now a concurrent
resolution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to strike out
all preceding the word '"resolved," so as to
let the resolution stand without any preamble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves to strike out the preamble,
so as to make the resolution read as follows:
Unsolved by the Senate, (the House of Rppresen tnti yes
coucurringj 'JChat, in obedience to that Christian
charity which seeks the good of all nations and
ministers to all human dUucsse?, we heartily coin-
mend the sufferings of the belligerent nations in
Europe to the America-. people, and recommend
that a generous system of organized charity, seeking
out and providing first fur the most pressing neces-
sities. be speedily inaugurated for their relief.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Delaware,
to strike out the preamble.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the concurrent resolution
as amended.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to
unanimously.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that an order be
made for the printing of the resolafe&m which
I offered as an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made.
TRADE WITH BRAZIL.
Mr. SCHURZ submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested, if con-
sistent with the public interest, to communicate to
the Senate all dispatches addressed by Hon. H. T.
Blow, minister of the United States to the Court ot
Brazil, referring to the following subjects: trado
between Brazil and the United States; cotton and
itsculture in Brazil; material and financial condi-
tion of Brazil; the Paraguayan war; ocean naviga-
tion; and also Mr. Blow's note addressed to the
secretary of foreisn affairs of the Brazilian Govern-
ment on July 1. 1870, referring to the trade between
Brazil and the United States and theexportduty on
coffee, with translation and replies ui' B.irou de
Coipoke and the Viscount St. Vieenti.
JOHN' II liKXSK'rr
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired.
Mr. RAMSEY. A few days ago, iu the
morning hour, the House bill (H. R. No.
1051) for the relief of John R. Bennett, late
register of the land office at ChatfieW, Minne-
sota, was under consideration and upon its
final passage, but was cut off by the expiration
of the morning hour. I hope the Senate will
now allow me to dispose of that bill. The old
gentleman is here aud very anxious to have it
passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope no bill will now
be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois object?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do.
message i'roll the iiousb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Cleric, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 2797) to enable honorably
discharged soldiers aud sailors, their widows
and orphan children, to acquire homesteads
on the public lands of the United States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2011) to provide for the
taking of testimony to be used before the De-
partments ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2014) making an appro-
priation for the contingent fund of the House
of llepiesentatives.
EXKOLLKD BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
