872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
sons presented themselves claiming seats as
Senators from the State of Georgia. OScourse,
there could be but two admitted. Of these
four persons three—Mr. Hill, who has just
been sworn in, Mr. Farrow, and Mr. Whiteley—
had held office previous to the rebellion and
then had given aid to the rebellion, and their
disabilities had been removed. The fourth,
Mr. Miller, had never held office, had never
taken an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, and his only service in aid
of the rebellion was the service of a surgeon.
He was a non-combatant; and all that he did
was to discharge the duties of his profession.
He did for the sick and the wounded ofthe con-
federate army precisely what our own surgeons
did for those sick and wounded when they fell
into our hands, or did for the sick and wounded
Federal soldiers who fell into the hands of the
confederates; precisely what the surgeons of
tii« opposing armies were accustomed to do in
such cases.
Now, it does seem to me, after having de-
clared, as we have by admitting Mr. Hill to
his seat, that these two gentlemen were elected
by a legal Legislature, and that therefore they
are entitled to take tbeirseals if they can take
the oath, it would presenta very strange spec-
tacle indeed if this Senate would admit to
a seit a gentleman who, in the opinion of the
majority of the Senate, had committed the
major offense, that is, had aided the rebellion
after having taken an oath to support the Con-
stitution ot the United States, and should
refuse to admit one who was a non-combatant,
and who had never taken any such oath at all.
But I do not consider it necessary to argue
this matter, because I think the Senate has fully
committed itself upon this question. At the
last session of the Senate, the case of Mr. Sho-
ber, of North Carolina, was before the Senate.
]t was a case precisely like this, except that
Mr. Shobeh had been a combatant, whereas
Ii)r. Miller was no combatant at all: and yet
the Senate, by a unanimous vote, after Mr.
Shober had been elected to the House of Rep-
resentatives, aliowed him to take the oath which
I ask that Mr. Miller, the Senator-elect, may
take. This was done by a unanimous vote of
the Senate, and I believe by an almost, if not
quite, unanimous vote of the House of Rep-
resentatives. I mention that as one instance ;
it is only one out of a number ; but I mention
it more particularly because, after discussion,
the bill to allow Mr. Shobeb to take the mod-
ified oath was passed by the unanimous vote
ot' the Senate, as appears by the record, and
he was accordingly sworn in as a member of
the House of Representatives, I helievp on
the very next day. I cannot, under these
circumstances, conceive that there can be any
objection whatsoever to the passage of this
joint resolution.
Mr. EDMONDS. I hope the Senate will
not commit itself to the seductive views of my
friend from Ohio until it gets a report on this
bill from a committee. There are very many
grounds of distinction between the principle
of the constitutional prohibition and the one
which the law makes. The constitutional dis-
ability cannot be removed without a vote of
two thirds; that is to say, a legislative pardon
cannot be obtained without the vote of two
thirds of both Houses. Now, there might be
a case in which a man who did come under
that pardoning clause was better entitled to
public favor than a man who did not, situated
us this candidate is. I do not say that that
exists in this case; but inasmuch as all of this
is a matter of grace and pardon, I do not think
wo are committed to pardoning B because We
have pardoned A upon any principle of logic
that I am acquainted with. It is true, as the
honorable Senator has said, that we have
passed two or three bills of this character.
Mr. CONKLINCr, Not for Senators.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of this character—not for
Senators, as my friend from New York remarks,
but probably involving the same principle. I
am sorry to say that I myself have voted for
similar legislation in two instances, and I have
lived long enough to discover that in both of
those instances i made a very decided mistake;
and I do not intend for one, during my short
career here, to vote again to remove the dis-
abilities of any man, whether constitutional or
legal, who has been elected to an office and
desires his disabilities to be removed with a
view to enable him to take that which the law
did not give him when the people were called
upon to vote. I believe it is corrupting to the
elections; I believ® it to be injurious to the
public interests; and believing so, I take occa-
sion at this late day to express my repentance
for the evil I have done, and my intention to
enter upon a new course of conduit iu that
respect.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. STEWART
addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. Is this matter disposed of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 306) prescribing the oath to be
taken by H. V. M. Miller, Senator-elect from
Georgia, will be considered as read the second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say some-
thing about it.
Mr. STEWART. If it is to remain here,
I should like to make a remark before it is
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada was first recognized.
Mr. STEWART. I desire this measure to
be disposed of by being referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, so that I can make the
motion which I rose to do, and which 1 believe
is a privileged motion, that Mr. Whiteley be
allowed to take his seat in the Senate. I pro-
pose to offer that resolution upon this ground :
the Committee on the Judiciary have held that
Mr. Miller is not entitled to a seat, as he is labor-
ing under disabilities. I have examined the
law of that case, and I find the law, as laid
down in Cushing's Manual, to be that where !
votes are cast for a disqualified person the elec- I
tion is simply void. Whether the elector; knew !
the fact of the disqualification or not the votes
are void; the disqualified person i3 not elected
at all, and it is to be treated as no election.
In cases where the disqualification is known
by the elector, and a plurality elects, then, by
the English law, and it is so in most States of
the United States—where a plurality elects, the
person having the next highest number of votes
is elected. But in all cases where the person
receiving a majority is laboring under disabil-
ities, is not qualified to hold the office, a vote
cast for him is simply void. Then this office
was not filled in 1868 ; and I maintain that the
Legislature had aright to fill the office in 1870,
and it has filled it by the election of Mr. White-
ley. ' 1 think it presents a very clear case. I
desire to make that motion when this matter
is disposed of, not before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me very
clear that the Senate should decide, and I
have drawn a resolution to that effect, that
H. V. M. Miller has been duly elected a Sen-
ator by the Legislature of Georgia for the term
ending March 4, 1871. That Miller was duly
elected the Senate has already decided, because
it has decided that Hill was elected and is
entitled to his seat, and he has been sworn in.
Miller received seven more votes than Hill
did, and there is no question as to his having
a majority. The Senator from. Nevada him-
self, who disagrees with the committee as to
who are entitled to seats here, admits that
Miller had a clear majority of the votes of
members whose seats were unquestioned. He
received 117 votes out of 210 which were cast.
There were only 93 votes against him, and he
received 117. ft is admitted that he had an
undoubted majority; and I should like the Sen-
ator from Nevada to corroborate me in that.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly he hud a ma-
jority. , . .
Mr. TRUMBULL. He had a majority of
the unquestioned votes.
Mr. STE WART. A majority of the unques-
tioned votes, according to either organization
of the Legislature.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So that there can be no
dispute in the Senate on that subject. Accord-
ing to any organization of the Legislature
Miller had a majority of the qualified voters.
He had a majority of the qualified voters as
the Legislature was reorganized in 1870, and
also a majority of the qualified voters iu the
Legislature as organized iu 1868. There is no
question at all about his election. Miller never
held an office before the war. Hence he has
no political disabilities to be removed. He
could not apply to Congress to have disabili-
ties removed. Whiteley, whom the Senator
from Nevada moves to substitute in the place
of Miller, was a major iu the rebel army. -He
cannot take the iron clad oath, the oath of
186'2. He cannot swear that he never gave in
his allegiance or adhesion to a government in
hostility to the United States; he cannot swear
that he never gave aid and comfort to the ene-
mies of the United States. Farrow cannot
swear it. He was in the rebel army. Hill
has had his disabilities removed, and he takes
the qualified oath.
Now, how do our laws stand? Let me call
the attention of the Senate for a moment to
the condition in which our legislation places
; the people of the South. I shall be very glad
: if I can have the attention of the Senate for a
! few minutes to these laws, because I think the
case is so plain that any fair-minded man
must agree to the proposition which I am
about to state.
On the 2d of July, 1802, Congress passed
a law declaring that every person elected or
| appointed to an office should take this oath:
j " I, A B, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that T have
' never voluntarily borne arms against the United
! States since I have been a citizen thereoi; that I
! have voluntarily given no aid, eouQtenanee, counsel,
or encouragement, to persons cneagcd in armed hos-
tility thereto ; that I h.ive neither sought nor ac-
cepted. nor attempted to exercise the lutictious of
any office whatever, und«*r any authority or pre-
tended authority in hostility to the United btates;
that I have not yielded a voluntary support to amy
pretended government, authority, power, or consti-
tution, within the United States, hostile or inimical
thereto/' &e.
Not one of the gentlemen elected to the
Seaate from Georgiacan take that oath. Three
of them have had to have their political dis-
abilities removed. Why? Because before
the war they bad held office under the Federal
Government, and taken an oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, llow,
then, can they take their seats? They take
their seats under au act which we passed in
1868, which I will now read. On the 11th of
July, 18G8, Congress enacted :
"That whenever any person who ha- participated
in the late rebellion, and from whom all legal dis-
abilities arising therefrom have been removed by act
of Congress by a vote of two thirds of each House,
has been or shall be elected or appointed to any
office or place of trust in or under the Government
of the United States, he shall, before entering upon
the duties thereof, instead of the oath prescribed by
the act of July 2,1&52, take and subscribe the follow-
ing oath or affirmation: 'I, A B, do solemnly swear
(or affirm) thatl will support and defend the Consti-
tution of the United States against all enemies,
foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith
and allegiance to thesamc; that I take this obliga-
tion freely, without any mental reservation or par-
pose of evasion; and that X will well and faithfully
discharge the duties of the office on which I am about
to enter: so help me God."'
That is the oath which Whiteley and Farrow
and Hill can take. Miller can take that oath \
but you will not let him. You require hint
to take what oath? The oath of 1862, which
not one of these persons could take. Why will
you not let Miller take this oath ? Because he
has not had his political disabilities removed?
Mr. President, he never h*& auy to be re-
