46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
the $700,000 which is now annually appropri-
ated for the transmission of free mail matter.
Now, it is estimated by the Postmaster Gen-
eral that thirty-three percent, of all the matter
which now goes through the mails free, under
frank, marked "official," and in various other
ways, escapes improperly the payment of post-
age. One third of the matter thus transmitted
is, according to the estimate of the Postmaster
General, fraudulently passed through the mails
as free matter. Why, sir, many of us who have
examined this question have seen specimens
of matter that lias passed through the mails as
free matter, and it embraced circulars adver-
tising quack medicines, circulars of claim agents
and patent attorneys in the city of Washington,
prospectuses of books, lottery circulars and
advertisements of gift enterprises, and every
conceivable thing of that kind. All these mat-
ters have passed through the mails under some-
body's frank. I suppose, sir, that not one clerk
in a hundred in the various Departments at
Washington ever pays any postage upon any
letters which he sends; and during the session
of Congress a very large portion of the people
of the city of Washington have their matter
franked for them. This is the nature of the abuse
in this city alone. But I remember that last
winter there were presented to the Post Office
Committee specimens of circulars which had
been franked in the city of New Orleans and
distributed all over the country. It was claimed
that this had been done under a forgad frank,
which was very probably the fact.
All these abuses will be remedied by this
bill. The measure does not cut so deeply as
I wish we could. I am perfectly willing to
tear up this wltole matter by the roots. I wish
we could stop the printing and circulation of
a great many documents which are now
printed at the expense of the Government. I
think the printing of so many of these docu-
ments is a great abuse. But I have no hope
of succeeding at present in curing that evil.
The question now presented is simply whether
we shall let the law remain as it is, and con-
tinue all these old abuses, or whether we shall
take this step in the way of reform. Should we
reject this measure of partial reform because
we cannot obtain all the reforms that we want?
Because we cannot make such radical reforms
as were embraced in the bill passed last winter
shall we lie back and throw the entire responsi-
bility upon the Senate, saying that we will do
nothing? Such action would not become
practical legislators. Itisnot the course which
wise men should pursue. Weshouid take the
best we can get. In my opinion this is a step
in the right direction. It will accomplish a
very great reform, the correction of very great
abuses, while it will incorporate no abuse into
the law.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to inquire whether
this bill, as amended, will allow petitions to
be sent free to members of Congress and
Senators ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will. I have no
objection to strike out the allowance of $100
to the Vice President and to each Senator and
member of the House of Representatives. It
was the opinion of the committee that was the
lowest possible amount at which it could be
fixed. It is known that members of Congress,
if they pay the postage on the letters which they
write, will consume more than $100, and the
amount they will expend has been variously
estimated at fro.n two hundred and fifty to five
hundred dollars for each member during each
session. I have no objection, however, to
striking out that provision. I now demand
the previous question.
The pievious question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question will first be
taken on tlie motion to strike out the allow-
ance of $100 to the Vice Piesident, and to eaeh
Senator and to each member of the House of
Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Knapp's
amendment, to include petitions to Congress
among the matter which should pass free
through the mails.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment, moved by Mr. Farnsworth, to
come iu at the end of the ninth line :
And official communications addressed to the chiefs,
heads of bureaus, chief clerks of either of the Exec-
utive Departments, petitions to Congress, and copy-
right matter sent to the Librarian of Congress if
marked on the package, "copyright matter," and.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Van
Wyck's motion, to strike out all of the substi-
tute except the first section.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question next recurred on the adoption
of the substitute as,amended.
Mr. JENCKES. Does not this strike out
the franking privilege to the widows of Presi-
dents of the United States?
The SPEAKER. It is a substitute for the
whole of chapter thirteen.
The House divided •, and there were—aye3
42, noes 57; no quorum voting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70, nays 102, not votiug
G2; a3 follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Asper, Axtoll, Bailey,
Barnum, Barry, Beatty. Benton, Bingham, Bird,
Boles, Boyd, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Bur-
chard, Burdett, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook, Dick-
inson, Joseph Dixon, Donley, Duval, Farnsworth.
Ferry. Finkelnburg, Fitch, Garfield, Hamilton, Haw-
ley, Holmes, Hooper, Jenckes, Johnson, Judd, ;
Knapp, Lawrence, Lynch, McCrary, Mcl > rr-w, Me-
Kee, Morpbis,Daniel J.Morrell.Myers.O'Neill, Orth,
Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer, Poland, Potter,
Roots, Sargent,Schumaker, Shanks, John A. Smith,
Stone, Sto ugh ton. To wnsend.Twich ell, Tyner, Upson,
Williams, John T. Wilson, and Wolf—70."
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Atwood, Ayer, Beaman, Bennett, Bigg**. Blair,
Booker.Boweu, Buffinton, Burr, Benjamin J?. Butler,
Roderick R.Butler,Cessna,William'!'. Clark,Conner,
Covode, Cowles, Cox, Crebs, Cullom. Darrall, Dawes,
Duke, Ferriss, Fisher, Getz, Hale, Ilamill, Hawkins,
Hay, Hill, Hoar, Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lalim,
Loughridge, Manning, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Carthy, McKenzie, McN"eely, Merour, Milnes, Eiia-
kim H. Moore, William Moore, Morey, Morgan,
Samuel P. Morrill, Mungen, Ncgley, Niblack, Peck,
Perce, Phelps, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser, Rice, San-
tord. Sawyer, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter
Sheldon,Sherrod, Shober. Slocum,William J.Smith,
Worthington O. Smith, Starkweather. Stevens, Ste-
venson, Stiles, Stokes, Strader, Strickland, Strong,
Sypher, Taffe, Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Van Wyck,
Voorhees, Wallace, C'adwalader C. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Whitmore, Wil-
kinson, Willard, Winchester, and Witcher—102.
, NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Banks,
Beck,Benjamin, Buck,Buckley, Cake, Calkin,Cleve-
land, Degener, Dickey, N-i than F. Dixon, Doekery,
Dox, Dyer, Eia, Eldridge, Fox. Gibson, Gilfillan,
Griswold, Haight, Haldeman. Hiinbleton, Harris,
Hays, Hellin, Hoge, Holman, Hotchkiss, Julian, Kel-
sey. Kerr, Kuott, Lash, Lewis, Logan, Mayham, Mc-
Cormick, Jesse H. Moore, Morrissey, Newsham,
Peters, Piatt, Randall, Reeves, Rogers, Schenck,
Joseph S. Smith, Swann, Sweeney, Trimble, Van
Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward, Wheeler,
Eugene M. Wilson, Winans, Wood, and Wood-
ward—62.
So the substitute of the committee, as amend-
ed, was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the amendment of the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Hill,] to strike out the whole of
chapter thirteen, relating to the franking priv- i
ilege.
Mr. MUNGEN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] whether
this is the proper time forthe amendment which
I ottered a little while ago?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think not. There
is a proper place for moving it.
Mr. MUNGEN. I hope the gentleman will
indicate what is the proper place, and will
call my attention to it when it is reached.
The question was on Mr. Hill's amend-
ment, to strike out chapter thirteen.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
61, noes 57.
Mr. HILL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 79, not voting
58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Axtell,
Bailey, Barry. Beaman, Beatty, Bennett. Bingham,
Bird, George M. Brooks. Buffinton Burchard, Bur-
dett, Cessna, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Coburn, Con-
ger, Cook, Cowles, Cox, Crebs. Cullom, Dickinson,
Duval, Finkelnburg, Fisher, Fitch. Geiz. Griswuld,
Hale, Hamilton, Hawley, Hay, Hill, Holmes, Inger-
soll, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Julian,
Ivellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Knott. Lafiin,
Lawrence, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall, Mayham,
McCarthy, McCortmck, McCrary, McGrew, McKee,
Elialtiin H. Moore,Morphis, Negley, Niblack, Pack-
ard, Packer. Paine, Paltner. Peck, Pomeroy, Potter,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Porter Sheldon,
Slocum, John A. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stevenson, Stiles, Stone, Strader, Strong, Swann,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Upson, Cadwalader U.
Washburn, William. B. Washburn, Weiker, Wil-
kinson, Willard, WUliams, Winans, Witcher, and
Wolf—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Armstrong, Asper, At-
wood, Ayer, Barnum, Benton, Biggs, Blair, Boles,
Booker, Bowen, Boyd, Jame3 Brooks, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R.Butler, Conner. Darrall, Dawes,
Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Donley. Duke, Ela,Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Ferris', Ferry, Fox, Garfield. Gibson,
Hamill, Hawkins. Hoar. Hooper. Jenckes, Alexan-
der H.Jones. Kelley, Manning, Maynard. McKen-
zie, Mercur, Milnes, William Moore, Morey, Daniel
J. Morrell, Mungen, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Perce,
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prosser, Reeve®,Roots,
Sanford, Sehumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon, Slierrod,
Shober, William J. Smith, Worthington C. fcmith.
Stokes, Sumgbton, Strickland, Sypher, Townsend,
Twiehel!, Tyner, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Wallace,
Wells. Whitmore, JohnT. Wilson, and Wood—79.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams. Ames. Banks,
Beck, Benjamin, Buck, Buckley, Burr, Cake, Cal-
kin, WilliamT. Clark, Cleveland, Amasa CobK Cain-
ton L. Cobb. Covode, Degeuer, Nathan F. Dixon,
Doekery, Dox, Dyer. Gilflllan, Haight, Haldeman,
Hambleton, Harris. Hays, Hoflin. Hoge, H"hnan,
Hotehkiss, Kerr, Lash, Lewis, Logan, McNeely,
Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Mor-
rissey, Newaham, Peters, Randall, It ice, Rogers,
Schenck. Joseph S. Smith, Sweeney, Taffe, Trim-
ble, Van Auken, Van Horn, Van Trump, Ward,
Wheeler, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood-
ward—58.
So the amendment was agreed to ; and the
chapter was strickeu out.
Mr. HILL. I offer the following as a new
section :
That all laws and parts of laws giving the right to
any officer or Department of the Government, or
other person, to either send or receive tnrough the
United States mails free of charge any letter, docu-
ment, or other mailablematter, are hereby repealed,
and that this section shall take effect on and afier
the 1st day of July, 1871.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise the point of
order that the previous question is operating
on all the sections relating to this subject, and
the amendment,, therefore, is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The next amendment was in section one
hundred and ninety-three, line three, to strike
out the words "two cents" and insert the
words "one cent;" so that the section will
read:
Sec. 193. And be it further c.iacted, That the com-
pensation for publishing tho list of non-delivered
letters shall in .no case exceed one cent for each
letter so published.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and ninety-six, line three, after the word
"is" to insert the word "wholly," and after
the word "or" the words " paid less than one
full rate, as required by law ;" so that the sec-
tion will read:
Skc. 106. And be it further enacted. That all domes-
tic letters deposited in any post office for mailing
on which the postage is wholly unpaid, or paid less
than one full rate, as required by law, except letters
lawfully free, and duly certified letters of soldiers,
sailors, and marines in the service of the United
States, shall be sent by the postmaster to the dead-
letter office in Washington.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion two hundred and one, as follows:
Sec. 201. And be it further enacted. That the amount
realized from the sale of valuable dead letters shall
bo used to promote the efficiency of the dead-letter
office, by providing for a more careful examination
of letters, and the return of a larger number to the
writers thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
