1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
moved, and lie could not have them removed.
And is a man who never held an office before
the war to be worse off than one who held an
office afterward ? That is the position Miller
is in ; and the Committee on the Judiciary have
reported that he cannot take the oath of 1802.
Now what are we to do? We must do what
we have repeatedly done. See what we did at
;he last session of Congress, on. the motion of
the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Pool.]
I have a copy of the Globe before me, and find
there the statute that was passed :
'"Mr. Poor,. I ask the consent of the Senate to
allows bill to be taken up and passed which has
come from the House of Representatives to-day. to
relieve from disabilities a member-elect of that
limine whom they wi«h to have admitted to his seat,
Mr. Bhober, of Xortta Carolina. It will take but a
mniootit to pass the bill."
Now, what was Mr. Shober's case?
" Mr. Pool.. I will state that this gentleman is
no! under political disability at all under the How-
it rd or fourteenth amendment; but he is not able to
tnke the te t-oath; and this bill from the House
proposes to prescribe a special oath for him."—Con-
vrfsnional (U<>he, Part 3, Forty-First Congress, second
ussion. Alii il lj, 1S70. ,
That is just the same oath as is prescribed
for persons from whom political disabilities
have been removed. The Senate passed the
bill after a short discussion upon it, and Mr.
Shober was sworn in as a member of the
Uou^e. That is what it is proposed to do here
for Mr. Miller; and it seems to me there should
be no hesitation.
Mr. WILSON. Is it the sarao kind of bill ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Precisely, word for
word, such a bill is offered hereforthe benefit
of Miller. The Senator from Ohio, I believe,
copied it from the statute. I suppose he has
copied the provision to allow him to take this
same oath that Shober and that Butler took in
the House of Representatives. I ask the Sen-
ator from Vermont, or any one, if every mau
in the South who never held an office before
the war is to be excluded eternally irom office,
and those who held office and went into the
rebellion, and had to have their political dis-
abilities removed, are alone to hold the Uni-
ted States offiees in the South?
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of the
honorable Senator from Illinois what part this
gentleman took in the rebellion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be very happy
to answer.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the Senator would
state the facts relating to Mr. Miller as amply
as he is able, because I want information on
that subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will. Mr. Miller is a
physician. He was appointed a sargeon by
the colonel of a rebel regiment, and served as
surgeon in the rebel army. That is the only
purl he ever took in the war. Now, I shall be
very happy to say further to my friend from
Michigan that after the war was over, and when
our reconstruction laws were passed, Dr. Mil-
ler went in for the reconstruction of Georgia,
when it was opposed, as the Senator knows,
by a great portion of the people of the South,
and they tried to vote down the convention
and the constitution. Dr. Miller was a mem-
ber of the constitutional convention of Geor-
gia, helped to form the constitution under
which the State was organized. In politics
[ understand him to be a Democrat; but he
went in and helped to reorganize Georgia,
was a member of the constitutional conven-
tion. And that is hia record.
M r. CARPENTER. Will the Senator state
in that connection what is the status <lf the
man who is to take the place, if Dr. Miller be
excluded?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. Whiteley was a
major in the rebel army, serving in the line,
as t am informed.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is ft question between
a doctor and a major.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A question between a
doctor and a major, and the doctor never had
any political disabilities to be.removed. That
is the case. The suggestion of the Senator
from Nevada I cannot think he is serious in,
that a person is t® take a seat in the Senate,
who was never elected, upon the ground that
the votes cast for Dr. Miller were void. How
were they void? Is not Dr. Miller qualified
by the Constitution of the United States to
take a seat her'e? He is under no political
disabilities; he does not come within the
fourteenth amendment; he has all the qualifi-
cations prescribed by the Constitution. The
only trouble is that he cannot take the form
of oath you prescribe; he cannot swear that
he never gave any aid and comfort to the
rebellion, because he acted as a physician
in the rebel army. That is his position.
Now, is he to be refused his seat and a man
who was-not elected at all admitted to the
Senate? Why, sir, that would be revolution-
izing the proceedings of this body from the
beginning of the Government. How many
cases have we had where there have been eon-
tests? We have had them in this body. One
of my predecessors here, General Shields, was
elected to the Senate of the United States be-
fore he had been nine years a citizen of the
United States. The contest was between him
and Judge Breese, who had formerly occupied
a seat in this body. General Shields was
elected; he came on here; the question was
raised. It was proven that he had not been
nine years a citizen of the United States and
he could not take his seat. Sir, did the sug-
gestion ever occur to Judge Breese, or any
friend of Judge Breese, that he was entitled to
the place ? Such a thing was never thought of.
Judge Breese was the predecessor $ he had
occupied a seat here; he was voted for against
General Shields; he was succeeded by Gen-
eral Shields, but did he undertake to claim
the seat because General Shields was ineligi-
ble? Not at all. General Shields went back
after being refused his seat. The Legislature
of Illinois convened again in a short time
afterward ; in the mean time the nine years
had expired; and he was reelected to the
Senate.
Sir, if this were done, instead of ours being
a representative Government, we should make
it a non-representative Government. Whom
does Whiteley represent ? Not the Legislature
of Georgia; they never elected him ; not the
people of Georgia. You propose to have a
representative admitted here whom a majority
of the people of Georgia are against. Why,
sir, it would be sapping the fundamental prin-
ciples upon which our Government is based.
Mr. STEWART. Does the Senator deny
that Whiteley received a majority of the votes
at the election in 1870 ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I deny that he ever
received anything like as many votes as Miller
received.
Mr. STEWART. But that is not the point
at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wehave decided already
that the Legislature of 1868 had authority to
elect a Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me to interrupt him for one
moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. If the proposition of
the Senator from Nevada were true, Whiteley
has no claim here. If the votes cast for Miller
were void votes, the man who received the
next highest when Miller was elected would
be the man, and that was not Whiteley. He
received no votes at all.
Mr. STEWART. Let ine make a sugges-
tion to the Senator from Ohio. That only
occurs where a plurality elects.
Mr. THURMAN. Where a plurality elects!
Mr. TRUMBULL, It is true Whiteley was
not a candidate in 1868, when Miller was
elected; but Foster Blodgett, I think, got the
next most votes. He received some seventy-
odd votes, and Miller received 117. Now,
sir, I think the better course to adopt in this
case would be in the first place to pass a reso-.
lution in the language which I have read: -
Resolved, ThatH.V. M.Millerhas been duly elected
a Senator from Georgia tor the term ending March.
i, 1871.
And then if the House of Representatives
will pass the joint resolution offered by the
Senator from Ohio, he can take his seat. IIa
cannot take the iron-clad oath, and if the
Senate requires that, he cannot qualify; nor
could any one of the men who claim to have;
been elected. Miller is in a better position
than any of them. As soon as this joint reso.-
lution shall be referred I shall offer the reso-
lution I have indicated, declaring Miller to
have been duly elected, and then the question,
will arise as to whether we shall relieve him
or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I offer the resolu-
tion to which I have referred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go over until to-
morrow.
Mr. STEWART. I object to it, and I now
call up the resolution reported by the minority
of the committee and move to proceed to its
consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let my resolution be
reported to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A resolution of
a minority of a committee cannot be called
up, because it is not technically before the
body.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois has risen to offer a resolution.
Mr. TliUMBULL. I ask to have my reso-
lution reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont desired that it lie over.
Mr. TRUMBULL, But I suppose I can have
it reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that it would be read for inform-
ation.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr.
Tbumbui.i,, as follows:
Hesofoed. That H, Y. M, Miller has been duly
elected a Senator by the Legislature of Georgia for
the term ending March 4,1S71.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
Mr. STEWART. Now I move to proceed
to the consideration of the resolution on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will be done,
and that we shall take up that resolution, and
then I shall offer the one I have just offered)
and which the Senator from Vermont objects
to considering, as a substitute, and that will
briug up the whole subject, and we can dispose
of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose it is in order
to speak to the motion to take up, is it not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
does not involve the merits of the resolution
proposed to be considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not. As there
are no merits in the case, there is not the least
danger of their being involved in this instance;
but I intend to obey the rules. 1 hope the
Senate will not take' this up, but that, really
having disposed of the Georgia question, we
shall go on now to the regular business of the
session. Certainly we have had enough of it
for to day. If we take it up now we shall spend
the whole day in debate which will result in
nothing. I therefore hope that the Senator
from .Nevada will not insist on taking up this
vexed question any more. We have done
pretty well for to-day ; and let us get to some-
thing else.
Mr. STEWART. I do not see why it should
not be taken up and disposed of. I think we
! ought to get through with the Georgia senato-
i rial question. I think we shall more readily dis-
