THE CONGEESSIOKAL GLOBE.
December 8.
course to pursue to prevent the State from leav-
ing the safe moorings of the Union to follow the
rash course pursued by her southern sisters.
Mr, Speaker, those frequent admonitions of
the uncertainty of life and certainty of death
so constantly occurring t>ught, to soften the
asperities of party strife and admonish us all
that we liavo here no abiding place or contin-
uing crty, hut that we ought so to live that
when called on to die it will matter very little
when or how we are called so that we are ready
for the summons when it does come. I move
the following resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has heard with profound
sorrow of the death of Hon. Robert Ridgway. late
a member of this House from the fifth district of
Virginia.
Resolved, That asa mark of respect to the memory
of the doceased the members of this House will wear
the usual badge of mourning tor thirty days.
llcsohed, That as a further mark of respect for tb e
deceased this Hoitse do now adjourn.
Mri MAYNARD. We may esteem ourselves
happy, Mr. Speaker, that we have been called
upon so seldom during the present Congress
to engage iii mortuary acts of respect for de-
ceased associates; more seldom, I think, than
in any preceding Congress in which I have
served. Death has been unusually forbearing.
Although in this instance he lias taken one of
the least known from our number, yet by no
means the least endowed or the least beloved.
The deceased was a native and, his life long,
a citizen of Virginia. He was one with whom
1 had had personal intercourse and a valued
acquaintance for many years. It is now, I
believe, more than fifteen years since he rose
almost like a meteor above the horizon, bril-
liant, sparkling, gorgeous, among the constel-
lations of that great State. A young man,
nominally the editor of a country newspaper,
really one of the great leaders of thought, he
grappled with the sternest disputes and the
most important questions; his pen was unceas-
ing in its flow, and his writings attracted at
once universal attention.
He soon found his way to the capital of his
State, as the editor of one of the oldest papers,
at that time an old Whig journal in political
seiuiinentaswellas in name. Hebecamecon-
spicuous among the journalists of the nation.
His reputation extended beyond his own State
and was commensurate with the limits of the
countty. Opposed to the predominant feeling
and policy of Virginia, he was, so far as the
majority of numbers weut, upon the unpopular
side, though in 110 other respect could he justly
be called unpopular. On the contrary, be was
a great favorite, both personally and as a pub-
lie writer.
Resisting from the beginning, and constantly,
the political theories and dogmas that culmi-
nated in the rebellion and civil war, he con-
tinued that opposition until the very last mo-
ment, and when to his disheartened spirit all
further opposition seemed hopeless. At the
breaking out of the war he retired from the
journal with which he had been connected
and withdrew into private life. Unwilling to
engage actively against the predominant sen-
timent of his native State and against "the
people among whom he had lived, still more
unwilling to participate in active rebellion
against the Government that he loved and in
which he believed, he remained in seclusion
until the close of hostilities. His personal
character, his disposition, his habits of life en-
deared him to all his acquaintances and asso-
ciates; and when the war was over and recon-
struction came up as a practical question in his
State, his neighbors and friends, out of regard
to his social character and his personal fitness,
as well as his great and acknowledged ability,
and out of regard also to the almost judicial
impartiality which he had been able to main-
tain during the struggle, selected him as their
Representative in the present Congress.
He came here at a late period in the session
and took a seatupou the outer side of the Hall.
Seldom mingling with members, and making
the acquaintance, I imagine, of but very few;
associating only or principally with those whom
he had formerly known, and with whom he had
had kindly personal relations, he came among
us and he has now passed away without mem-
bers obtaining a personal knowledge of him—
at least without their obtaining much informa-
tion respecting his great wealth of intellect and
that treasured knowledge which was the result
of raanyyears of intense application. While in
this House, if I remember aright, he never lifted
his voice so much as to make a motion, cer-
tainly not to make a speech. He introduced,
possibly, some-two or three bills; and that is
the extent of his record here. Had his life
been spared, and had he continued a member
of our body during the present Congress, and
especially had he served with us in future, he
would soon have taken rank among the more
distinguished of our number.
He passed away in his manly prime, in the
bright meridian of his day, in the full strength
of his years, when to all appearance his sun
shone most brightly and when the hopes of his
early life seemed likely to have something of
fruition. We cannot fathom that mysterious
wisdom which governs the life and the death
of us all. Such dispensations furnish one of
those stern and impressive lessons which come
to us in all the walks of life, and which appeal
to us to—
"So lire that when our summons comes to join
The innuuiei able caravan which moves
To the mysterious realm,"
we shall be found prepared to go, and to leave
our record here as the summons may find it.
In his personal relations, Mr. Ridgway was
most cordial and kind ; in his intercourse with
his opponents, no less than bis friends, bland,
courteous, genial. His death will be lamented
not only in his State but out of it universally
by all who knew him; for
"None knew him but to love him,
Nor named him but to praise."
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
I have been requested by some members of the
Virginia delegation to add my humble tribute
to the memory of a journalist distinguished in
his day, and to call attention to the influence
which he had upon public opinion at an
important time, not only in Virginia, but more
or loss in all those parts of the Union upon
which Virginia influences, political and other-
wise, were wont to exert formerly the greatest
power. Mr. Ridgway entered upon journalism
in the city of Richmond at a period when that
high art (if I may be permitted so to characterize
it) was carried to the highest degree of literary
perfection and political power. He was the
successor of that most brilliant of all the jour-
nalists within the memory of men of the older
days, Thomas Ritchie, the Democratic editor,
on the one side, and John Hampden Pleasants,
the editor of the Richmond Whig, upon the
other. Mr. Ridgwas: succeeded Mr. Pleasants
in the conduct of the Richmond Whig, and on
his succession he was obliged so to maintain
the character of his journal as not to fall below
the distinguished reputation which had been
borne by Mr. Ritchie on the one side, and by
Mr. Pleasants on the other.
Perhaps no journals have ever exerted so
great an influence over the politics, the opin-
ions, the constitutional as well as political
opinions of this country, as those two eminent
journals, the Richmond Enquirer and the Rich-
mond Whig. In the earlier days of my jour-
nalism, whatever was uttered by the Democratic
editor, on the one hand, or by the Whig editor,
on the other, was more or less copied through-
out all parts of the United States; and those
distinguished journalists, I may say without
exaggeration, exercised more influence on the
public opinion of this country, and had more
control than any of its public men, from the
days of Washington to Jefferson and Madison
and Monroe. Perhaps the great power which
they exerted was from their constant associa-
tion either with those distinguished fathers of
Virginia, or those brilliant men who in former
times represented that State, not only in this
capital, but here in these Halls of Congress.
When I say of Mr. Ridgway that he lost
nothing of the reputation of that distinguished
journal, the Richmond Whig, I utter but the
troth, and pay but the proper tribute to the
talent with which he conducted that able
journal. He continued, I believe, in the con-
duct of that journal to the opening of the war,
the force of which journal is well known to all
who are accustomed to read the journals of the
day; but when the war broke out, as has been
alreadvstated, he was separated from theRich-
mond Whig, and retired to his own native
home, in Amherst, Virginia. I lost sight of
him for a long time, in the troubles and trials
and operations of that war, until again, on the
restoration of peace, when Virginia appeared
on the floor of this House, I met Mr. Ridg
way, as a Representative from that State.
He was, as has been already stated, but little
known. His ill-health, his retiring manner,
the unaccustomed profession of public men on
the floor of this House, so different from that
of journalism, naturally kept him in the back-
ground for a time, and until he was overtaken
by that physical inability which compelled him
to retire to his home.
I rise to add my tribute as a journalist and
as a member of Congress to the profound re-
grets expressed here by gentlemen who have
spoken, and to those regrets which have been
expressed more or less by the people of Vir-
ginia. I rise to pay tribute to an honest man,
"the noblest work of God," and I join my
sympathy and my feeling of deep regret and of
profound sorrow to that of others that death
has separated him from us.
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. Speaker, I fee! it my
duty to add my humble tribute to the memory
of my late colleague, Hon. Hokert Ruicivay,
in addition to what has been so well said by
my colleague [Mr. McKexzie] and the othe
gentlemen who have addressed the House.
He was my personal friend of long stand
ing. We are natives of one State and of the
Same geographical division, and our districts
are adjoining. There was something more than
friendship in our relations—there was cordiality
of feeling. Both of us took the same position
in the late unhappy civil war, which desolated
our land in blood.
In July, 1809, Mr. Ridgway was elected by
an overwhelming majority to the Forty-First
Cpngress, and took his seat in this House about
the last of January. But disease was then
preying on him, and I might say that he never
saw a well day afterward. His constitution
was gradually giving way, which prevented
him from an active participation in the pro-
ceedings of this body. But lean, Mr. Speaker,
bea.r willing testimony to the deep interest
which he felt in everything connected with his
immediate constituents and his State, and the
welfare of the country at large. Owing to a
natural infirmity, defect of vision, which ex-
isted from his childhood, he formed but few
acquaintances among his fellow-members ; but
those who knew him best and longest loved
and respected him the most.
In public life, both as a member of this
House and as a newspaper editor, my deceased
colleague pursued that course which he deemed
to be right without regard to what the conse-
quences might be personally to himself. And
in the heated discussions of partisan warfare,
in times of great excitement and bitterness, he
very naturally became involved in personal dif-
ficulties. On all such occasions his bearing
was that of a high-minded, honorable, and chiv-
alrous gentleman; and on no pretext whatever
would he avoid responsibility for what he had
said or written. As was said of one of his dis-
tinguished predecessors, as editor of the Rich-
mond^ Whig, the late John Hampden Pleas-
ants, it might be Said with as much propriety
