876
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
the taking up of any bill which my personal
objection will prevent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Oregon, on
which the yeas and nays hare been ordered,
to proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 683, in regard to mail steamship service
between New Orleans and Mexico.
Mr. COLE. From the statement made by the
Ssnator from Iowa I think that the arrange-
ment which the Senator from Oregon is will-
ing to enter into will be interfered with, as a
single objection can prevent it. Therefore I
appeal to the Senator from Oregon, or who-
ever made it, to withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays, in order that I may call up the ap-
propriation bills and dispose of them without
further delay.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I did not call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will be done.
Let the appropriation bills be taken up and dis-
posed of, and then we shall be ready to take up
this other bill. That is the only way to meet
tbe single objection of the Senator from Iowa.
I hope the motion to take up these steamship
bills may be withdrawn temporarily, and that
we shall dispose of the appropriation bills.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I demanded the yeas and
nays on this motion with a view of testing the
judgment of the Senate whether they will pro-
ceed at any time to the consideration of these
subsidy bills. I think it is important that Sen-
ators should know that in order that they may
prepare themselves, if such is the sentiment of
the Senate, to enter upon the consideration of
that subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest to the Senator
that he would not be able to obtain a test vote
on this motion; because some Senators may
vote against the motion with a view of taking
up the appropriation bills. Now, I do not
wish to be obstinate in anything that I under-
take to do here, but I desire to accommodate
gentlemen. If the Senator from California,
the acting chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, insists upon it, I will, with
the consent of the Senator and the Senate,
temporarily withdraw the motion that I have
made; but I shall renew it as soon as the
appropriation bills are disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can-
not be withdrawn after the yeas and nays have
been ordered, except by tbe consent of the
Senate. Does the Senator from Rhode Island
insist on the demand for the yeas and nays?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Does the Senator from
Oregon propose to renew his motion?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, some time or other,
as soon as I can get the floor.
Mr. SPRAGUE. i withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call for the
yeas and nays being withdraw, the Senator
from Oregon withdraws his motion.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION'S.
Mr. COLE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2C89, being the consular and diplomatic appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (EC. R. No. 2(589) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for other purposes.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
the bill with an amendment, to insert in line
seventy-six, after the words "Port Mahon,"
in the list of consulates appropriated for, the
■words " Port Said."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to offer an amendment
to the bill, striking out in lines fifty-four and fifty-
five "$378,663" and inserting "$391,200;"
30 that the clause will read :
For salaries of consuls general, consuls, vice
consuls, commercial agents, and thirteen consular
clerks, including loss by exchange thereon, namely:
$391,200.
Since the bill was reported I have received
a communication from the State Department,
setting forth in detail the reason why this
change should be made. If any Senator desires
it, the communication can be read j otherwise
I presume it is unnecessary to read it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. In line one hundred and nine-
teen, I move to increase the appropriation from
"$9,000" to "$21,750;" so that tbe para-
graph will read:
For rent of prisons for American convicts in
Japan. China, Siam, and Turkey, and for wages of
the keepersof the same, including loss by exchange,
$2,750.
That is the amount set forth in the book of
estimates of appropriations, and to which the
Secretary has referred in the same letter asking
this change. The committee have agreed to
acquiesce in his request.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me that that
is a very large increase, from $9,000 to $21,000!
I think that there is hardly any bill that requires
more to be watched in its progress through Con-
gress than this very bill. There are very few
items given. We have just as little informa-
tion as possible on the face of the bill as to what
we are doing. I observe that in one place a
sum of nearly four hundred thousand dollars
is appropriated, without any specification of
the manner in which it is to be applied, in what
sums to each person named, or for what pur-
poses. It is difficult to imagine, to say the
least, a more dangerous mode of framing an
appropriation bill. I should like some ex-
planation of this increase from $9,000 to
$21,000 for the item of "rent of prisons for
American convicts in Japan, China, Siam, and
Turkey, and for wages of the keepers of the
same." I trust, for the honor of the Amer-
ican name, that the increase of American con-
victs in those four rather remote countries has
not been so great as to warrant anything like
that increase of expenditure.
Mr. COLE. Upon the point made by my
colleague, that the amount of the compensa-
tion for all the diplomatic and consular officers
appears in a single item, I have only to state
that the salary of each of them is fixed by laws
that are distinct from the appropriation bills,
and it is not the province, nor is it eustomary,
for the Committee on Appropriations, in mak-
ing the appropriations of the sum requisite to
meet these several salaries and expenses, to set
them out in detail. Upon the next point 
Mr. CASSERLY. If my colleague will allow
me, before be leaves that point, I observe that
the bill does itself, in the commencement of
it, specify what sum is allowed for salary to
each legation.
Mr. COLE. That is for some of the larger
ones, but not for consuls.
Mr. CASSERLY. Those larger ones are
$17,500 each.
Mr. COLE. For the ministers.
Mr. CASSERLY. But here is one which
is nearly twenty-five times larger than that—
$378,000 in one sum. My colleague says that
is fixed by law. I presume the others are fixed
by law as well.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; and it would not have
been a very great oversight or misstep on the
part of the Committee on Appropriations if
they had appropriated without mentioning the
amount due to tbe minister to England, the
minister to France, and the miuisters to other
courts ; but it has been customary to do that,
and, as the estimates in the book of appropria-
tions are separate, it was thought best by the
committee to follow out the recommendations
of the Department, and to follow the custom
of the Government in regard to these appro-
priations.
Now in regard to this proposed increase of the
appropriation in this clause to $21,750,1 have
to say that the only reason the committee could
find for the reduction of the appropriation by
the House of Representatives from 821,750 to
$9,000 was that that was the appropriation
last year for the same purposes. The partic-
ular items of appropriation are not mentioned
in the bill, but are alluded to in more general
terms in the estimates of appropriations ; and
if my colleague will refer to pages 10 and 17
of the book of estimates he will find them set
forth in detail, and an allusion to the law un-
der which they are made, the estimates there
being separated and given, I think, in some
five or six separate sums :
Kent of prisons for American convicts in Siam
and Turkey, and for wages of the keepers of the
same, including loss by exchange. $4,503.
Rent of prisons for American conviets in China,
uiidor law of July 1,1870, S1.5U0.
Wages of keepers, careot offenders, and expenses,
under law of July 1.1870, $10,000.
Rent of prison for American convicts in Japan,
under law of July 1, 1870. $750.
"Wages of keepers, care ot offenders, and expenses,
under law of July 1. 1870, S5,tX)0.
It is a fact pretty well known that our con-
suls in several ports of the East Indies are, in
a manner, judicial officers. They hold courts.
That is a part of the function of their office;
and it would be, of course, a farce and worse
than useless to give them that authority and
impose that duty upon them, and then deprive
them of the means of carrying out their judg-
ments. This appropriation is really for the
purpose of enabling them to carry oat the
objects that are had in view by the appointment
of these consuls. I will ask the Clerk to read
what is said by the Secretary of State on this
head in the communication to which I have
referred.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"I respectfully refer to the letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting estimates of appropri-
ations required for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30.1872, pages 10 and 17,fora statement of
the objects for which this amount is asked, and the
laws calling for such an appropriation. The law of
July 1,1870, therein referred to, was passed on the
recommendation of this Department, after a careful
scrutiny into the subject by cuiumittees of both
Houses of Congress.'
Mr. COLE. I will only add that in the book
of estimates there is this note accompanying
these estimates:
"The act of July 1, 1870, authorizes the payment
of expenses of prisons in China and Japan as here
estimated for, but no appropriation therefor was
made; hence this increase."
I suppose there can be no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations have authorized me to move one fur-
ther amendment, to strike out the proviso
commencing in line one hundred and forty-
five, in these words:
Provided, That, before payment shall bo made of
that portion of the above sum awarded to the Puget
Sound Agricultural Coinpauy, atl taxes legally as-
sessed upon any of the property of said company
covered by said award, before the same was made,
and still unpaid, shall be extinguished by said
Puget Sound Agricultural Company; or the amount
of such taxes shall be withheld by the Government
of the United State3 from the sum hereby appropri-
ated.
No farther explanation, I suppose, is needed
of this amendment than the statement which
I have here from the State Department, that
it would be in disregard of the obligations of
the treaty. I will not further refer to the let-
ter which I have in my hand, being a part of the
same letter a portion of which the Secretary
has already read.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire of the
honorable Senator from California having the
bill in charge, what ia the reason for paying the
consul at St. Petersburg $1,800 a year, when
consuls of no greater or higher grade in re-
spect to importance receive a salary so much
larger? I make this inquiry, not only for my
own information, but because attention has
