1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
m
been called to it, and I should like to have the
Senator state the reason, whatever it may be.
Mr. COLIC. I am unable to give the reason
for the laws that exist. That is the salary pro-
vided by law. Why it is done the Senator
knows as well as myself. The subject of the
salaries of consuls belongs to another com-
mittee. I have heard no complaint before
r.f the amount of the salary of the consul at
St. Petersburg.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will say to the
Senator that there is complaint ill regard to it.
It is said that there is no reason why the
consul at. St. Petersburg should receive only
$1,800 and the consul at Constantinople, for
example, should be so much more largely paid ;
and 1 comply with a request by calling the
attention of the Committee on Appropriations
to this matter, although I am aware that the
salary is fixed by law and these appropriations
are made in accordance with the schedule as
it is established by law. But the suggestion
is that if $1,800 be enough at St. Petersburg
these other consuls are too largely paid, and
that if the others are not too largely paid,
then the salary at this particular place is inad-
equate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will not detain the
Senate with any discussion of details upon this
bill; but I mean to say—and I expect to con-
tinue to say it so long as 1 shall be here until
some reform is effected—that I believe there
is no branch of the service of the Government
of the United States for which the people of
the United States pay so mnch money and get
so little in return as the foreign civil serviee.
We have more ministers by nearly two to one
than we have any practical use for; and I
think the staff of consuls might be very largely
reduced with much advantage to the country.
It is true the total amount ot' appropriation is
not so very excessive, considered by itself. I
believe the total cost of this bill which is now
going through the Senate will be about two
million dollars. But what I desire now to
bring the attention of the Senate to, although
I am aware that it is not upon this bill that
the remedy is to be applied, is the growing
feeling, even in the quarters and most in the
quarters that are best informed, that our civil
service should be thoroughly overhauled, the
number of foreign ministers should be greatly
reduced, and the number of consuls should
also be reduced.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION'S.
Mr. COLE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 253G.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H.R.No.253G) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in line eight to strike out the words
"for pay of;" and in line nine, after the word
"instructors," to insert the words "as pro-
vided by law, and for pay of;" so that the
clause will read:
For additional pay of officers and instructors, as
provided bylaw, ami for pay of cadets and musicians,
$228,775 50.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines twelve
and thirteen to strike out the words "includ-
ing officers' quarters;" so that the clause will
read "forrepuirsandimprovements, $22,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line thirty-
ono to strike out the following clause:
For contingent expenses of the departments of
mathematics, artillery, cavalry, and infantry, civil
and military engineering, natural and experimental
philosophy, drawing, French, ethics, Spanish, chem-
istry, mineralogy, and jrwlogy, $7,864.
And to insert the following in lieu thereof:
Department of instruction in mathematics: for
surveyor's compass, $58; chain. $8; leveling-rod,
$16; mcaauring-tapes, $12; repairs to instruments,
&2Q; text-books for instructors, 820; in all, $131.
Artillery, cavalry, and infantry tactics: tan bark
for riding-hall and gymnasium, $150; stationery for
assistant instructors of tactics, $100; furniture for
offices of commandant and officer in charge and the
reception-room for visitors, $300; for repairs and
new apparatus for gymnasium, $500; in all, #1,050.
Civil and military engineering: for models, maps,
and text-books for instructors, $500.
•Natural and experimental philosophy: for pocket
barometer, $75; for compasses, $60; for repairs and
contingencies, §200; compensation to attendants. $50;
in all, $385.
Drawing: for pencil models for second class, $50;
colored models for second class, $50; topographical
models for third class, $50; architectural models and
ornaments, $25; paper, pencils, colors, and brushes,
$10; in all $185.
Ethics: for text-books, books of reference, and
stationery for instructors, $50.
French: for text-books and stationery for instruct-
ors, $25.
Spanish: for text-books and stationery for in-
structors, $50.
Chemistry, mineralogy, and geology: for chem-
icals, including glass, porcelain ware, paper, wires,
and sheet-copper, $1,400; for material for practical
instruction in photography, $250; for work-bench
and tools, and tools for lathe, $65; for carpenters'
and metal work, $50; for gradual increase of the
cabinet, $500; for rough specimens, files, and alcohol
lamps for practical instruction, $200; for fossils
illustrating American rocks for daily use in section
rooms, $150: for repairs and improvements in elec-
tric, galvanic, magnetic, electro-magnetic, and mag-
neto-electric apparatus, $450; for galvanic battery
and lamp regulator, $140; for repairs and addition to
pneumatic and thermic apparatus, S150; for Voight-
lander's camera tube, $75; for Dullmeyer's rapid
rectilinear lens, $155; for Ladd's dynamo-magneto-
electric machine, complete, $1,850; for additional
compensation to attendant, $50; in ail, $5,485.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 5, after
line ninety, to strike out the following clauses:
For miscellaneous and incidental expenses,
namely, gas, coal, etc., for lighting Academy bar-
racks, mess-hall and hospital, offices, stables, water-
pipes,plumbing, repairs, scrubbing public buildings,
(not quarters,) and for other miscellaneous and
necessary items ofl ike character, $2,290, amounting,
in all, to $8,160.
For compensation to organist, librarian, non-com-
missioned officers in charge of mechanics, and soldier
writing in the adjutant's office, $420.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
Miscellaneous and contingent expenses; for gas
and coal oil for lighting Academy and cadets' bar-
racks, mess-hall and hospital, offices, stables, and
sidewalk. $4,000; for water-pipes, plumbing, and
repairs, $2,000; scrubbing public buildings, (not
quarters.) $560; brooms, brushes, tubs, pails, and
wages of scrubbers and cleaners, $1,500; ehalk,
sponge, and slates for recitation rooms, $100; com-
pensation of organist of chapel, $200; compensation
to librarian, $120; compensation to non-eonmmis-
sioned officers in charge of mechanics, $50; compen-
sation to soldier writing iu adjutant's office, $50;
amounting in all to $8,580.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
one hundred and thirty-two and one hundred
and thirty-three, "for survey, map, and esti-
mate for plan for bringing water from Round
Pond, $2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebill was reported to the Senate, as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed, and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
STEAMSHIP LINE TO MEXICO.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 688) authorizing mail steamship ser-
vice in the Gulf of Mexico between the port
of New Orleans, Louisiana, and certain ports
of the republic of Mexico.
Mr. ABBOTT. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Oregon if it is understood that
all the bills for steamship subsidies are to
come up in succession, as indicated by the
resolution adopted the other day.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That is what I under-
stand.
Mr. ABBOTT. Is this the first on the list?
Mr. KELLOGG. It is the first bill named
in that resolution.
Mr, ABBOTT. If that is the understand-.
ing, I have no objection to its coming up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. TRUM-
BUIX in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Oregon. - :
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion, as I desire to hare a test-
vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will inquire, for in-
formation, if that motion should be agreed to,
whether my motion will be the unfinished busi-
ness to-morrow morning at the expiration of
the morning hour?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not. -
This is a mere motion, which falls with the day;
but if the bill were taken up it would then be
the unfinished business.
Mr. SHERMAN. By unanimous consent the
motion may be considered as the unfinished
business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If that is so, I will yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that by unani mous
consent this motion may be considered the
unfinished business in the morning, because I
wish a test-vote on the motion to take up, and
I do not care about taking it now in a thin
Senate. By common consent, this motion may
be treated as the unfinished business. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There would
be no unfinished business left for to-morrow,
the bill not being taken up. The Senate may
have an understanding that it will take a vote
to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion to take up
may be considered by unanimous consent as
the unfinished business, and so entered on the
Journal, and that would make it the unfinished
business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to put it in
any shape to accommodate the Senate, pro-
vided it can be left as the unfinished business.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think we had better
take up this bill now. I should like very much
to be heard upon it to-morrow morning for a
short time. The motion now is to take up the
bill that I am particularly concerned in, and,
indeed, the whole South is, and especially the
Gulf States; and I should like to be heard
upon it.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that if my
colleague should give way for an executive
session, the Senate could hardly refuse to take
up the bill in order to allow the Senator from
Louisiana to make some remarks upon it to-
morrow morning. I hope the bill will be
taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, if
the Senator from Louisiana wishes to make
some remarks upon it. I have never objected
to taking up a bill for the purpose of allowing
a Senator to speak upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. If that is the understand-
ing, that this bill may be taken up with a view
of allowing the honorable Senator from Louis-
iana to address the Senate on the subject 
Mr. NYE. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not agree to that
qualification. I want the bill to be taken up
for consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on taking up the bill, unless the
Senator from Iowa persists in his motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the honor-
able Senator from Ohio to say that he desired
to be heard on the motion to take it up.' -
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; I do not desire to
be heard" upon it. I simply want a test vote;
but I do not care about taking the vote in a
thin Senate.
Mr. IIARLAN. If the vote can be taken
on the motion of the Senator from Oregon, I
will not insist on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on taking up the bill indicated by
the Senator from Oregon, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered,
Mr. ANTHONY. Before I vote I wish to
