62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 12,1870.
Prayer by Eev. Bishop E. S. Ames, of Bal-
timore, Maryland.
The Journal of Friday's proceedtngs was
read and approved.
Hon. Garrett Davis of Kentucky, Hon.
John Pool of North Carolina, Hon. Hiram
R. Revels of Mississippi, and Hon. John M.
Thayer of Nebraska, appeared in their seats
to-day.
territorial laws
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a copy of I he laws passed and adopted
dining the several annual sessionsof theLegis-
laiive Assembly of the Territory of Utah from
1851 to 1870; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
pbt1tiox8 and memorials.
Mr. SCOTT. I am requested hy its officers
to present, the memorial of the American Med
icnl Association, representing the whole of the
regular profession of the United States, on the
cultivation of the cinchona tree. This is a
printed memorial at some length, in which
they stale the medicinal value of the Peruvian
bark; the amount imported into the United
States; t'ie fact that the English Government
has undertaken its cultivation in India, com-
mencing a plantation in 18G0 upon Neilgherry
mountains, which has met with entire success;
that experiments have been made elsewhere,
and that analyses of the barks have been made,
proving ihat the plant may be transplanted, and
that, under proper conditions of cultivation ii
will Itirnish a bark equal to that brought from
Souih Atnenca. They further state I hat they
believe that all the conditions of climate which
would support the cinchona could be found in
California immediately below the altitude of
the Sequoia. They then ask that Congress will
appoint, a commission of scientific men for the
following purposes:
1. To determine what, portion, if any, of the
public domain of the United States will pro-
duce the cinchona, and which may beset apart
for this purpose.
2. To determine what species may be best
transplanted and will furnish the greatest
amount of the active principles.
3. That they be authorized to visit such
South American countries as they may deetn
necessary in order to determine these points,
employ a competent, botanist to assist them,
and that our consuls in such States be instructed
to further these investigations.
They also add that the Sacramento Medi-
cal Society has pledged itself, provided the
requisite plants or seeds are furnished free of
cost hy the Government, to use every effort in
endeavoring to find a proper habitat for the
cinchona tree in California, and to report the
results of their experiments to the agricultural
bureau at Washington. 1 move the reference ot'
the memorial to the Committee on Agriculture.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY presented a memorial of
II. J. Alvord, Henry Day, and others, protest-
ing against changing the route of the Amboy,
Lansing, and Traverse Bay railroad in the
State ot Michigan ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands,
Mr. DRAKE presented the petition of Mar-
garet lingers and others, of Missouri, praying
that she be allowed a pension from the 20th of
October, 1862, to February 3, 1870; which was
referred t  the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STEWART. I present the memorial
of the Iron-Moulders' International Union con-
vened at Philadelphia last July, consisting of
delegates from all parts of the Union, a very
important body, protesting against the import-
ation ot coolies into the United States. I
move that the memorial be printed and laid on
the table, as a bill on that subject is now before
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented resolutions adopted
by the Republican committee of Rensselaer
county, New York,in favor of taking the power
of naturalization from the justices' court of
the city of Troy; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I present three different
petitions, one from Mrs. Mary Stuart, another
from Mrs. Elizabeth B. Fuller, and the other
from Mrs. Sarah B. Stuart, all of South Caro-
lina. setting forth a claim of theirs on some
land which was taken by the United States for
non-payment of taxes—the land being situated
in Beaufort, South Carolina, near Port Royal.
I move the reference of these three petitions
to the Committee on Public Lauds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of
Thomas E. 'L'utt & Co., assignees of Smith &
Vernon, praying compensation for goods fur-
nished the officers and men of the Osage regi-
ment of Missouri volunteers in 1861, for which
the money was deducted from their pay; which
was leferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petitions of
B. F. Morgan and Andrew J. Anderson, of
Pickens county, South Carolina, praying the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committer on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Robert
E. Davis, of Brunswick county, Virginia; of
Thomas T. Johnson, of Richmond, Virginia;
of Everett W. Early, of Albemarle county,
Virginia; of A. I Clark, M. D., of Campbell
county, Virginia; of Robert Malone, of Bruns-
wick county, Virginia; and of Joseph W. Booth,
of Virginia ; praying the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Washington, praying the passage of House bill
No. 1724, authorizing a subscription by the city
to the stock of the Washington and Ohio rail-
road ; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWARD presented the petition of
Alexander W. Hoffman, first lieutenant tenth
United States infantry, late acting commissary
of subsistence at Fort Snelliug, praying that
the Commissary General of Subsistence be
authorized to settle and close his accounts,
his papers and vouchers having been destroyed
by fire; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
bills introduced.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and fey unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1109) to provide a relief fund for employ6s in
the Executive Departments of the Government;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. DRAKE. I do not know exactly to
what committee to send that bill. The object
of it is, I can state very briefly, to withdraw
annually a small sum from the pay of each
einpioy6 in the Executive Departments of the
Government, and to make out of the amount
so withdrawn a fund to relieve the necessities
of such employes in certain cases, and in the
event of the death of any of them to pay their
funeral expenses if necessary; and also to
afford a temporary relief to their families.
Instead of having the employ6s in the Depart-
ments subjected to the calls of friends of the
parties, the design is to make a fund there,
which shall be administered by the Govern-
ment, to relieve parties employed there in cer-
tain cases. I do not know exactly to what
committee the bill should go. I thought of the
Committee on Finance. If there be no objec-
tion from any quarter te the reference of the
bill to that committee, I move that it be sent
to that committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that as it does not involve increased
expense the Com mittee on Retrenchment might
possibly be the more appropriate committee.
Mr. DRAKE. This does not involve in-
creased expense to the Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri suggests the Committee on
Finance. If there be no objection the bill will
be so referred ; and it is so referred.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1110) to regulate appeals from the district
courts of the United States in certain causes of
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to he
printed,
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1111) to amend an act entitled "'An act
making a grant of land to the State of Minne-
sota to aid in the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi river," approved July
23, 1868 ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1112) to establish ocean steamship lines for the
transportation of the mails between the United
States and Europe, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. In introducing this bill, I
desire to say that I have not had an opportunity
to examine its provisions; but it has been pre-
pared with great care, and I present it for the
purpose of having it considered by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads in con-
nection with other measures on this important
subject. I move that the bill be referred' to that
committee and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1113) for the improvement of the city of
Washington ; which was read twice hy its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S
No. 1114) in relation to commercial intercourse
between the United States and the British N on h
American possessions and the republic of Mex
ico ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1115) to establish certain mail routes in the
State of Florida; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENOER asked, and by unanimous .
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1116) to protect the lives and property of
the crews, passengers, and merchants on board
of sea going and coasting vessels in the mer-
cantile marine of the United States ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous coil-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1117) to authorize the appointment of a
commission to investigate claims arising from
depredations committed by or upon Indians
in Kansas ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. 11. No. 261) in aid of certain col-
leges and universities; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. MORTON1. As that refers to military
officers, £ ask to have it referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. AN 1 HON! asked, and hy unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1119) relating to the printing of the annual
report ot the Secretary of War5 which was
