1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
ANNEXATION OF DOMINICA.
Mr. MORTON also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 262) authorizing
the appointment of commissioners in relation
to the republic of Dominica; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to have that reso-
lution laid on the table and printed; but I ask
first to have it read at length, if there be no
objeclion.
The joint resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, &c„ That the President of the United
Slates be authorized to appoint three commissioners.
,md also a secretary, (the latter to be versed m the
English and Spanish languages,) to proceed to the
island of Ban Domingo, and to inquire into, ascer-
tain, and report— ...
1. Tho political st.ate and condition of therepublio
of Dominica. . . .
2. Tho desire and disposition ol tho people or tiie
Mid republic to become annexed to and to form
part of tho people of the United States.
3. 1'he physical, mental, and moral condition of
tho' said people, and their general condition as to
uiateiial wealth and industrial capacity.
4 The resources of the country, its mineral ana
agricultural products, the products of its waters and
<•  .... it,   I 1-. <-> «*o ntoi1 n +* tIt O. Cfli 1 t.llP. fiX t.P.llf.
agncuiuuui yiuuu^to, -v --
forests, the general character ot tho sou, the cxteu
ami proportion thereof capable ot cultivation, tu-
climate and health of the country, its bays, harbors,
and rivers; itsgeneral meteorological character, and
tho existence and frequency of remarkable meteor-
ological phenomena.
5. The debt of the Government and its obligations,
whether luuded and ascertained, and admitted, or
unadjusted and under discussion.
G. Treaties or engagements with other rowers.
7. Extent of boundaries and territory; what pro-
portion in covered by grants or concessions, and
generally what concessions or franchises have been
granted. . . .
8. The terms and conditions on which the Domin-
ican Government msiy desire to be annexed to and
bccome part ot the United States as ono ot the J.em-
tones thereof. . , .,
0, Such other information-with respect to IhQfeaia
Government or its territories as to the said commis-
sioners shall seem desirable or important with
reference to the future incorporation ot the said
Dominican republic into the United States as one
of its Territories. ,
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the said
commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may
be, report to the Presidentof the United States, who
shall lay their report before Congress
Sec. o. And be it further' lesolved. That the said
commissioners shall servo without compensation,
(except the payment of expenses,; and the compen-
sation ot the secretary shall be determined by the
Secretaiyof State, with the approval ot the 1 res-
ident.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
printed and to lie on the table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
111 pursuance of the provisions of tho second sec-
tion ot the act approved June 20, 1864, entitled An
net making appropriations for the consular and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government lor the year
ending 30th June, 1865, and for other purposes I
inform Congress that Louis "\V. Diollicr, a consular
clerk. was on tho 26th day of Septemher last removed
from office for the following cause, namely: ior dis-
obsdienee ot orders and continued absence lrorn
duty after orders to proceed to his post (,R4KT
Washington, December 0.1870.
The message was ordered to oe printed and
to He on the table.
Mr. McCREERY. Does the gentleman de-
sire it to be read before he will grant me leave
to address the Senate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; I wish to hear it
read for information.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
joint resolution will be reported for informa-
tion, the Senator from Vermont reserving the
point as to granting leave.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed jomt ,
resolution, as follows : |
Resolved bv the Senate and House of Representatives j
of the United States in Congress assembled, ihat a j
joint committee of five, two from tho Senate auu !
three from the House, he appointed, whose duty it ;
shall be to inquire and report what real estate, ii j
any, belonged to the late General Robert ii. Dee at j
the timeheentercd tho confederate service; by what j
; right or title ho held the farm and lands known as
! " Arlington Heights," and whether he had. any right, (
i title, or claim thereto which rendered 'Arlington j
liable to confiscation or forfeiture by reason ot his j
I participation in the rebellion. That the committee j
i ascertain and report whether that estate was or was
1 not the property of Mrs. Lee, formerly Miss Custis,
and inherited by her from her ancestors, and whether
the title was or was not vested by law in lierselt and
her children ; and if so, had General Jjee any rights
subject to forfeiture. If the property was sold lor
taxes the committee shall report the amount ot taxes
assessed upon it, the value of the property sold, who
paid and who received the money; whether a less
quantity than the whole was not sufficient to meet
the demands of Government, and whether the salo
as made was legal and constitutional, ihat the com-
mittee report what expenditure it would. require
to put the house and farm in good repair, in order
that it may be restored to the owner or owners in
as good condition as it was when the United States
Government took possession; also, what would bo
a reasonable and fair compensation in the way 01
rent sine© the occupation by the Government, as
well as for the waste that has been committed on
tho premises by felling the trees, destroying the
orchards, or otherwise impairing the vamo ot the
property. And if grave-yards have been established
on the land, then tho committeo snail ascertain ana
report the number of interments, on what terrns a
suitablo spot for a cemetery can bo purchased m
the neighborhood, and the probablocostof removing
the bodies to the new place of sepulture. Ana it
improvements have been made upon the land since
its occupation by the Government or its agents, the
committee shall report upon their character and
value, and whether they were necessary and proper,
and if of no real value to the owner and only an
incumbrance upon her estate, then they shall re-
port the estimated or probable cost of their removal.
If the Government hold and occupy any real estate,
the title whereof was vested by law in General
Robert E.Lee at the time he entered the conied- ;
erate service, the committee shall report the same.
The committeo shall also ascertain and report the
amount and value of the personal property taken
by the Government or its agents Irom General Lee,
or from his family, and whether 9r not the same can
without detriment be restored in kind, and it not,
what would be a just and reasonable compensation.
If there are in any of the Departments any robes or
mementos left by George Washington to the Custis
family, and the same were taken from the house or
tho possession of Mrs.Lee, the committee will report
who is the" present custodian ot such articles, and
whether any of them have been lost or damaged
while going to or remaining in said Departments.
The committeesliall take tho statements of Mrs. Lea
in order to identify her property with greater cer-
tainty, to discover the extent of her losses; and they
shall report all facts necessary to a settlement upon
the principles of substantial justice.
MItS. It.
LEU.
Mr. McCREERY. Mr. President, 1 wish to
offer a joint resolution for the benefit ot_ Mrs.
Robert E. Lee, of Virginia. I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to have this resolution read
at length, and I shall ask the further indulgence
of being allowed to address the Senate very
brielly after the reading is completed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Kentucky asks unanimous consent, without
previous notice, to introduce a joint resolution
for the relief of Mrs. Robert E. Lee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
read in'orTiiation before leave is granted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution w-.M. /- i read for information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, that reso-
lution is so repugnant to my notions of justice
that, I think my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky had better give notice and move for leave
under the rules at some future day to bring it
lilts 1U1CS CfcU J t <-> I
in I object to its present introduction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from ;
Vermont objecting to the introduction of the
joint resolution, it requires one day s notice.
Mr. McCREERY. I withdraw the resolution,
then, and give notice that on to morrow-
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not before the Sen-
ate, so as to be withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
before the Senate. The enforcement ot the
rulebeingrequired, the Senator from Kentucky
now gives notice that he will to-morrow ask
leave to introduce the resolution which has
been read.
WEM'EltN LINE Of NOUTIIEIIN rACIFIC ROAB,
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved That the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
allowing the line of th<3 main trunk of the Northern
Pacific railroad west of the western boundary of the
Teiritory of Montana to bo located south of the
forty-fifth degree of latitude, if deemed advisablo
by the company engaged in the construction of said
road.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. SCHURZ. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the disqualifications and disabili-
ties imposed upon peieons lately in rebellion against
the Government of the United States were dictated
by imperative public necessities, and not by aspirit
of hatred or vindictiveness; and that as soon as such
public necessities cease, duo regard for the funda-
mental principles of our system of government.as
well as every consideration of sound statesmanship,
demands the removal of those disqualifications and
disabilities.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. SCHURZ. I desire the resolution to
lie on tho table for the present, and I shall call
it up, if convenient to the Senate, on Thursday
next, for the purpose of making some remarks
connected with the subject, and also referring
to recent events in Missouri.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Missouri asks that the resolution lie oa the
table until Thursday next, when he desires,
with tho consent of the Senate, !<> call it up. It
will lie on the table for the present.
TROOPS AT DELAWARE BLKCTIO.V
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
resolution :
Resolved, That the Presidentb-6 requested, nud the
Secretary of War bo directed, to inform the Senate
whether any part of the laud and naval forces were
sent into or directed to be present at anv election
held in tho Stato of Delaware on tho 8th day .of
November last, and by what authority of law the.
E.ud forces were so sent or directed to bo present, and
the number of said forces, and what necessity existed
in said Stato for said forces to be sent or directed to
be present as aforesaid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
TheViCEPRESIDEN L\ The Senator from
Vermont desires the resolution to lie over, and
it will lie over under the rule.
HILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. SHERMAN. As there appear to be no
further resolutions to present, I desire to call
up a bill with a view of submitting an amend-
ment to it and having itreferred, in accordance
with an arrangement with my colleague. Itis
House bill No. 2414, ceding jurisdiction to the
State of Ohio. My colleague, being compelled
to be absent, I agreed with him not to call it
up for final action until he returned. I ask
that the bill be taken up, and recommitted to
the Committee on Military Affairs, with an
amendment in tho nature of a substitute, winch
I will ask to have printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that order will be made. The Chair
hears no objection.
ANNEXATION OF DOMINICA.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to take
up and act upon the resolution for information
which I introduced on Friday last.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it lie awhile.
Mr SUMNER. Why do you want it to lie?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Because 1 think it wiser
to let it lie at present.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a resolution calling
for information. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Massachusetts to move
to proceed to the consideration ot the resolu-
tion offered by him in regard to San Domingo.
Does the Senator insist on his motion .
Mr. SUMNER. Senators suggest to me to
let it lie for a day or two, and 1 will make no
opposition to that course. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. 1 he Senator fro
Massachusetts withdraws the motion.
TIIE CALENDAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As there appears
to be no further morning busmess, the secie-
tary will report the resolution which goes> into
effect at one o'clock this day.
m
