1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
objection to its consideration, the bill is before
the Senate. [A. pause.] It is not objected to;
the bill is before the Senate, and the question
is on reconsidering the vote upon its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask, if the bill
is not too long, that it be read through for
information ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is of
some length, but it will be reported in full.
Any Senator has the right to demand that.
The bill was read.
Mr. BAYARD. I think that bill had better
He over.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will, at
any rate, allow the vote 011 its passage to be
reconsidered, and then have it recommitted to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. S TEW ART. I have no objection to that.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
from Delaware that I am willing to have the
vote on the passage of the bill reconsidered,
and then to have the measure recommitted to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BAYARD. I am very willing to see
that done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection to the course suggested, it will be
taken. The Chair hears no objection; and the
vpte 011 the passage of the bill is reconsidered,
a;;d the bill is recommitted to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
GEORGETOWN AND IIARPEli's FERRY RAILROAD.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 172) directing the
survey of a route for a railroad on the west
bank of the Potomac river, from apoiut oppo-
site Georgetown to Harper's Ferry.
The VICE PRE31 DENT. This resolution
passed the Senate on the 3d of May, 1870. The
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Vickers] entered
a motion to reconsider the question of its
passage. Is the consideration of the bill
objected to?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
HEIRS OF JETliRO WOOD.
The next bill on the Calendar was tlie bill
(H. It. No. 23(51) for the relief of the heirs
of Jethro Wood, the inventor of the modern
plow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a House
bill, which was rejected by the Senate, and the
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] entered
a motion to reconsider. The question is 011
the reconsideration. Is there objection to
proceeding with it?
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senate will recon-
sider the vote rejecting this bill. It came to
the Senate from the House of Representatives
during the closing hours of thelastsession, and
was referred to the Committee on Patents ; but
the committee were not able to make any re-
port, they had not time, and they consequently
reported the bill back to theSenate withoutany
recommendation. The bill was hastily consid-
ered in the closing hours of the session and was
rejected by a small vote. 1 do not propose to
consider the merits of the bill. I ask that the
vote rejecting it may be reconsidered, with a
view of referring it again to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that will be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT, if there be no
objection that course will be taken. There
is no objection, and the vote on the rejection
will be reconsidered and the bill referred to
the Committee on Patents. The Secretary will
report the next bill.
PRESERVATION OF HAllBOItS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 77) for the preservation of the har-
bors and navigable rivers of the United States
against encroachment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was re-
ported on the lltli of March. 1860, by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. 'Chandler,] from
the Committee on Commerce, without amend-
ment. Is there objection to its consideration?
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is absent by reason of
some compulsory business, and I desire that
the bill lie over until he be present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over. The Secretary will report the
next bill.
ENFORCEMENT OF FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The next bill 011 the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 114) to enforce the fourteenth article
of amendment of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with an amendment. Is there objection
to its consideration ?
Mr. STEWART. I think the subject-matter
has gone into another bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
The Chair thinks this was incorporated in a bill
which was passed at the last session.
Mr. MORTON. It was.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Chair sug-
gests that this bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee 011 the Judiciary. That will take it off
the Calendar, if there be no objection that
course will be taken. ["Agreed."] The bill
will be recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
MAIL STEAMSHIPS TO EUROPE. j
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill j
(S. No. 171) to encourage the building of '
steamships in the United States, and to pro- j
vide for the transportation of the United States
mails to Europe by steamships built in the
United States.
Mr. McDONALD. This is the bill for which
the Mediterranean and Oriental steamship bill
was substituted. I now ask leave to introduce
a bill removing the objectionable features of
this, and to have it referred, with the Mediter-
ranean and Oriental steamship bill, to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator/rom Arkansas to desire
that this bill and the Oriental and Mediter-
ranean steamship bill be taken from the Cal-
endar, and, with a bill which he now proposes
to introduce, recommitted to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads. The Chair
will first put the question 011 granting leave to
introduce the bill now sent tip.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1118) to aid the
Mediterranean and Oriental Steam Navigation
Company of New York to establish an Amer-
ican line of iron steamships for opening direct
trade between the United States and southern
Europe, for carrying the mails of the United
States, and for promoting immigration into the
southern States of the Union ; and it was read
twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the Chair has mis-
understood the Senator from Arkansas. He
does not desire that his original bill on the
Calendar shall be committed, but simply this
bill, which he offers as a substitute ; and m the
mean time he objects to the consideration of
the bill on the Calendar, so as to give him an
opportunity to move this substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill now
introduced will be referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed. The Secretary will report the
i next bill on the Calendar.
MILITARY SUPPLIES IN REBEL STATES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 219) for the settlement of claims for
quartermasters' and commissary stores fur-
nished to or taken by the United States within
the States in rebellion during the late war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 2d of April, 1869, by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. IIoWE,] from the
Committee 011 Claims. Is there objection to
its consideration?
Mr. SUMNER. That is a much-debated
bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
over.
SERVICES IN INSURRECTIONARY STATES. '
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 21) authorizing payment to be made
for certain services rendered to the United
States in the late insurrectionary States.
Mr. SAWYER. The substance of that bill
has already passed into a law; I am therefore
willing that any disposition may be made of
it that will take it off the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be indefinitely post-
poned, as it has already been incorporated
into a law.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE 01110"RIVER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 250) in relation to bridges across the
Ohio river.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Ramsey] from the Committee 011 Post Offices
and Post Roads, with amendments, on the 8th
of April, 18C9. Is there objection to its pres-
ent consideration ?
Mr. BOREMAN. Let that bill go over.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia objects, and it will be passed
over.
EIGHT-HOUR LAW.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (II. It. No. 72) to regulate the
hours of labor of Government laborers, work-
men, and mechanics.
Mr. WILSON. Has thai resolution ever
been in the hands of any committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has never
been referred as yet. J t was read the first and
second times on the 9th of April, 1860, and
remains 011 the Calendar.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope not. Let ft go
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The- Senator
from Massachusetts moves the reference of
the joint resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CASSERLY. I doubt the propriety of
referring that resolution to a committee. It is
but three or four lines long. It has been dis-
cussed a good deal, and I think it is tlsoroughly
understood. I do not understand that there is
any question of law involved in it, because I
presume the resolution is not intended to
operate retroactively; it is merely a declara-
tion by Congress of the meaning of the law in
the future.
The VICE PRESIDENT-. If the Senator
from California desires to discuss the joint reso-
lution the Chair must first ask whether there
be any objection to its consideration. It is not
yet before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ Is there objec-
tion to its present consideration?^ The Chair
hears none. The joint resolution is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and the
two motions for reference are likewise before
the Senate. The Senator from California is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I merely wish to oppose
any motion that will take the resolution /roni
the Calendar, the effect of which I presume
will be to defeat any action upon it at this
session. T ... , .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
to the Senator from California that the resolu-
tion has never been before any committee, and
