M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
has not been reported upon by any committee.
I therefore think it eminently proper that it
should first be considered by some committee,
and I know of' no committee more appropriate
tbau that already established 011 the subject of
education and labor.
Mr. WILSON. This joint resolution was
introduced by the Senator from Vermont, and
of course he ought to be allowed to suggest the
committee to which it should be referred. I
therefore withdraw the motion to refer it to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts withdraws his motion, and
the pending question now is on the motion of
the Senator from Vermont, to refer the joint
resolution to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
supreme COURT'S appellate jdkisdiction.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 280) in relation to the appellate juris-
diction of the Supreme Court of the United
States in certain cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with an amendment. Is there objection
to its present consideration ?
Mr. MORTON. I ask to have it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana objects, and the bill will remain
on the Calendar.
KKCOMMJSNDATIONS TO OFFICE
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 298) to relieve members of Congress
from importunity, and to preserve the inde-
pendence of the different departments of the
Government.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was also
reported by the same Senator from the same
committee with an amendment. Is there objec-
tion to its present consideration ?
Mr. THAYBR. Let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will lie over.
washington international exhibition.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 291) to encourage and promote the
international industrial exhibition to be held
in Washington city in the y«ar 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Ham-
lin,] from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, with amendments. It has been con-
sidered heretofore at some length, and passed
over. Is there any objection to its present
consideration ?
Mr. COLE. I move that it be indefinitely
postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection to the present consideration of the
bill, the Senator from California now moves
that it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
POLYGAMY IN TCTAH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 288) to provide for the execution of
the law against the crime of polygamy in the
Territory of Utah, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of this bill?
Mr. NYE. That bill came from the com-
mittee of which I have the honor to be a
member, bat is in the charge of the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ckagin,] who is
now absent. He will be back to-morrow. I
therefore ask that it be passed over for to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
STEAMSHIPS TO EUROPE.
The next business 011 the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) declaratory
and amendatory of the act entitled " An act to
provide for an American line of mail and emi-
grant passenger steamships between New York
and one or more European ports," passed
July 27, 1868.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution was reported on the 18th of January
last by the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. j
Ramsey] from the Committee on Post Offices |
and Post Roads, with amendments. Is there j
any objection to its present consideration? j
Mr. CONKLING. I think it had better go |
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
TELEGRAPHIC OCHAN CABLES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 115) relating to telegraphic communi-
cation between the United States and foreign
countries.
Mr. NYE. Let that go over.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind my friend
that that is a very important bill. It has been
pending for some time, and has been consid-
ered day after day in committee.
Mr. NYE. I have no doubt it has been well
considered in committee, but I have a counter
proposition that I desire to submit.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada objects, and the bill will be passed
over.
HUiNCII SPOLIATIONS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 350) to provide for the adjustment and
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committed by the French prior to j
the Slst day of July, 1801. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was j
reported by the Senator from Massachusetts |
[Mr. Sumner] from the Committee on Foreign !
Relations without amendment on the 17th of
January last. Is there objection to its present
consideration ?
Mr. HOWE. I guess that bill will lead to
debate. I think it had better go over.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no ; 1 would not have
it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin objects, and the bill will be passed
over.
DESCENTS IN UTAH.
The next bill on the Calendar wa3 the bill
(S. No. 862) regulating descents in the Terri-
tory of titan.
The vice President. This bin was
reported by the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] from the Committee on Territories
without amendment. Is there objection to its
present consideration? The Chair hears no
objection, and the bill is before the Senate, and
will be read.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand it is in order
to object to the further consideration of the bill
at the present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
itis, thebill having only just been read through.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have listened attentively
to that bill. It seems to me to deal in rather
a summary way with a very delicate and diffi-
cult subject. I for one desire to look into it.
Mr. HOWARD. I think this is a bill which
ought to be passed. The rules of descent as
laid down in the bill just read are those which
prevail in almost all the States of the Union—
the same rules which are established in the
State of New Yoik, in my own State, and your
State, sir, almost without variation. It is a
fact, at leastl believe it to be a fact, after very
careful investigation, that there are at present
no rules of descent established by law in the
Territory of Utah, so that it is impossible for
a judge of probate or any court that has con-
trol of that subject to direct in what manner
the estate of a decedent shall be distributed
among those who are entitled by kindred or
affinity to a share of the estate. s
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will |
state to the Senator from Michigan that if the i
Senator from California objects to the present I
consideration of the bill, which he did as soon
as it was read, it is not before the Senate for
debate at the present time.'
Mr. HOWARD. I was merely stating the
necessity for acting on the bill. 1 hope, there-
fore, that the Senator from California will
withdraw his objection, and allow the bill to
pass. There is a great and pressing necessity
for it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have the greatest re-
spect for the learning and ability of the Sen-
ator from Michigan ; butl repeat, this is a bill
which, if I understand it, deals in a very sum-
mary manner with a subject of groat difficulty
and delicacy, and I desire to have further time
to consider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects to the consideration of the
bill at the present time, and it will remain on
the Calendar.
PUBLIC LANDS IN SOUTHERN STATES.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 73) for the dis-
posal of the public lands in the States of
Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and
Ark&ns&s
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution was reported by the Senator from Florida
[Mr. Osborn] with amendments. Is there
objection to its present consideration?
Mr. VICKBRS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland objects, and the joint resolution will
be passed over.
WILLIAM HENRY OTIS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 170) for the relief of William Henry
Otis.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from West Virginia
[Mr. Willey] with amendments and a written
report. Is there objection to its present con-
sideration? The Chair hears none. The Secre-
tary will read it in full. It will be in order to
object after it is reported in full, before debate
commences upon it. The bill was amended on
a previous day by striking out all after the
enacting clause and inserting a substitute,
which the Secretary will report.
The Secretary read the substitute, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, ami he is
hereby, authorized and required to pay, or cause 1'j
be paid to William Henry Otis, of Indianapolis, in
tho State of Indiana, the sum of $3,000, in full con-
sideration for Browing crop, fencing, and fruit trees
destroyed upon and damages done by the United
States troops in and to forty-five and a half acres
of land belonging to the said William Henry Otis,
known as Camp Burnside, lying and being adjacent
to the said city of Indianapolis, while said land was
occupied by said troops from the year 1861 to the
year 18G5.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, having been amended.
If there be no further amendments the bill will
be reported to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me we ought to
have some information in regard to the bill,
some statement about it, or the report should
be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear the report.
The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Willey, from the Committee
on Claims, on the 27th of January. 1870:
.Tne Committee on Claims, to whom was referred a
bill for the relief of William Henry Otis, of Indiana
,-usk leave to report that the said bill was referred to
the same committee during the Fortieth Congress
and that, having again examined the ease, the com-
mittee do, upon reconsideration thereof, adopt the
report then made, which is as follows ■
At, theeommencementof the late war Mr. Otis was
the owner, and still is, of a lot of land adjoining the
corporate limits of the city of Indianapolis, contain-
ing forty-live and a half acres. Of this lot of land
the United States military authorities took posses-
ion m June, lbSl, as a military camp and drill-ground.
it was called Oa.mp Burnside." This possession
continued until the year 1866, the latter part of the
ti'.fio lar ho8p;!.nl purposes. For the use of said lot
oi lans during the time aforesaid Mr. Otis aoknowl-
