1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
edges that he received as rent from the United States
Government the sum of $4,951 81. But the quarter-
master's departmentrefused to pay for damages done
by the military forces to said premises, because *4thc
QuartermasterGeneral had n > appropriations for the
ptiyraent of such claims." Thereupon Mr. Otis comes
to Congress and asks relief. He presents his claims
as follows:
To seven thousand fence rails in fence, at the rate of
six dollars per hundred  §420
Leveling ground, filling up ditches andsink-
holes, and removing embankments, as per
lowest bid, (see proposals.)  900
Damage to ground for agricultural purposes
from June, 1861/ol866.by grading.gravehng,
embankments, ditches, and sink-holes, on
grounds known as "Camp Burnside/'near
Indianapolis, Indiana, including tbe apple
crops and pearcrops—the production ot five
hundred and twenty apple trees and forty
pear trees—during said years; also, thirty-
eight acres of wheat in the field, and five
acres of oats in field, when occupancy com-
menced, totally destroyed    0,000
Five hundred and twentyapple trees,totally
destroyed, at the rate of twenty-five dol-
lars per tree   12,500
Forty pear trees, totally destroyed, at the rate
of twenty-five dollars per tree  1,000
$20,820
A great amount of evidence was presented to the
committer in support of his claim. The following
is a synopsis of it:
I.—As to fence railft.
. The claimant himself swears:
"There were about seven thousand fence rails
destroyed by the Army. Said rails are worth six
dollars per hundred, in the fence."
Livingston D. Johnson swears:
" Fence around the entire premises was destroyed.
Have examined the premises, and have estimated
the fence at about three hundred and twenty rods.
It would take about sixty-lour hundred rails; rails
cannot be had tor less than six dollars per hundred."
James G. Featherston testifies:
"I have examined the premises,and have esti-
mated the fence. I think there were near seven
thousand rails destroyed by the Army. I estimate
rails at the time these rails were destroyed at four
dollars per hundred."
John B. Sullivan testifies:
" I know the fence was destroyed. I cannot state
the number of rods of ience."
William JD. Johnson testifies :
"Fence totally destroyed; calculated the fence-
about sixty-four hundred rails; worth six dollars
per hundred."
Recapitulation.
Claimant  I'9S5
Livingston D. Johnson  6,400
James G. Featherston    <,000
Averaged         6,800
which, at fix dollars per hundred, makes S408.
II.—In reference to leveling the ground,
Tho evidence shows that the surface of the ground
was much broken by ditches, made by embankments
thrown up, sink-holes, cellars, &cM dug by the troops.
To render the land tillable again it will be neces-
sary to have these embankments leveled, the ditches
and 6ink-holes, &c., filled up. To have this done
Mr. Otis published proposals. In response ho re-
ceived the following proposals: by B. F.Johnson,
£900; by Johnson Carran, $960; by O'Connor & Smith,
$900; by John E. Saunders, $1,000.
Ill .—General dawaacx done, unfitting the land for
agncullura I put poses,
Livingston D. Johnson:
"The land was greatly damaged, and rendered
unfit for agricultural purposes. It would be impos-
sible to put the land in as good condition as it was
before occupancy, I consider the land tor agricul-
tural purposes almost a total loss. I would consider
the damage to the land for agricultural purposes at
about six thousand dollars."
James G. Fe.itborston testifies:
"The land was greatly damaged for agricultural
purposes by tramping upon it, digging pits, sinks,
sidewalks, and graveling and grading over it. For
agricultural purposes the soil is almost totally lost.
I estimate the damage to tbe soil for agricultural
purposes at about five thousand dollars."
JohnB. Sullivan testifies;
"The land was greatly damaged, and rendered
unfit for agricultural purposes. It would require a
great outlay of time and money to render the land
of any value for agricultural purposes."
William D. Johnson testifies:
"The land was greatly damaged, and,in my judg-
ment, rendered unfit for agricultural purposes;
damaged at least $5,000."
A. Harrison testifies:
'* There were streets laid out, gravel put on them,
Hitches were dug, and the ground was greatly changed
from its former condition. The various buildings,
digging, find the usual deposit of offal, &c., occa-
bioncd great damage to the property."
IV.—Destruction of fruit trees.
Claimant swears: _
"Not less than live hundred and sixty pear and
apple trees; all good fruit-bearing trees; selection
made with great care; extra selection. The orchard,
with all the trees, was a total loss. Value said trees
at not less than twenty-five dollars per tree."
Livingston D. Johnson testifies :
" Large orchard, numbering at least four hundred
healthy, bearing trees ; selected with great care; fine
selection of trees. All, or nearly all, killed; tow
that still remain, in adying condition. Annualyield
of fruit in this orchard was more than ordinary. I
consider the orchard a total loss. I h«ve consider-
able experience in working, cultivating, and glow-
ing apple trees, and from my own personal knowledge
of the orchard of \Y. Henry Otis, I would value the
orchard at not less than twenty-five dollars per
tree."
James G. Featherston testifies:
"Large orchard, numbering near five hundred |j
healthy, bearing trees; fine selection of trees, and ji
was a choice variety of fruit; nearly all killed; the (|
few that manifest any signs of life will eventually j|
die. 1 consider the orchard an entire loss; would j|
value the orchard at not less than twenty-five dol-
lars per tree."
John 13. Sullivan testifies:
"Fine orchard; extra fine selection ; cannotstate
the number of trees; I know the trees are al I dead.
1 consider the entire orchard as a total loss; there
may be some signs of life in some of tho trees, but
they will all die. Consider the trees worth twenty
dollars each."
William D. Johnson testifies:
" Large orchard on the premises; the number of
trees I never counted; would estimate the number
from three to four hundred, fine, healthy apple and
pear trees; selection made with grfcat care; extra
selection of trees; orchard, with all the trees, lcon-
sider a total loss; annual yield usually larger than
common ; value tbe orchard at not less tha.fi twenty
dollars per tree."
A. Harrison certifies:
"Valuableand full-bearing orchard was thrown
open, and of course destroyed.''
W. II. Loomiscertifies:
"The valuable orchard,consisting of fivehundred
trees, is now entirelydestroyed. My estimateof their
value alone, were the premises my own, would not
be less than filty dollars per tree. I am satisfied their
annual yield over expense of cultivation would
exceed twenty-five per cent, on that investment."
Recapitulation.
Say fruit trees, five hundred :
Loomis's estimate per tree $50 j
\V. D. Johnson's estimate per tree 20 I
Sullivan's estimate per tree 20 j
FeatheFSton's estimate per tree   25
Livingston D. Johnson's estimate per tree 25 I
Makingthe average estimate per tree twenty-eight '
dollars, and, of course, the total value of trees
destroyed is therefore $14,000.
V.—Evidence of a general character.
Assessed value of the land for years 1861,1862, and
1863 was  $8,325
Assessed value for 1864,1865, and 1866 12,510
The taxes pn.id on said land by said claimant for 1
theyearsl861,1862,1863,1864,1865 and 1866amounted ;
to the sum ot &944 24. j
Estimated value of *aid land.
Per acre.
By John W. Murphey $l,buO
ByF. B. Martindale  1,500
By S. II. Fletcher  1,000
By A. L. lloache     1,000
By W. II. Morrison 1,000
By T. A. Morris 1,000
By   Ekin 1,000
By A. and J. A. Harrison  1,000
By L. D. Jondson 1,500
By S. It. Martin  1,000
By W. D. Jotmt-on, (oath)  1,200
The average of these estimates makes SI.154 54 per
acre, or £v2,531 57 for the entire lot.
One witness (W. II. Loomis, fruit-grower) certi-
fies in general terms:
"When I first knew this tract of ground (namely,
1860)itwas afme garden and orchard inclosure, and
if properly cultivated would readily yield interest
on $1,000 per acre.1'
The committee think the claimant is entitled to
compensation tor his fencing, which was destroyed.
They also are of the opinion that a reasonable allow-
ance should be made to him to pay for the leveling
and grading of his lot of land, and that a fair price
should be paid td himfor his fruit trees that were
destroyed; but they think that his alleged claim for
damagesdone tohis land, unfitting it for agricultural
purposes, is merely speculative, and should not be
entertained. They also regard the claimant's esti- ,
mate of tho value of his fruit trees destroyed, as well j
as the estimated value thereof by the witnesses here- |
inbefore cited, as very extravagant. If the com- j
mittee were to be guided in their conclusions by these ;
ex parte estimates the result would be about as fol- :
lows: j
For fencing destroyed  $403 i
For leveling and grading  900
For fruit trees destroyed 14,000
$15,308
This amount for fencing destroyed is, probably,
about correct. The committc© cannot see, from the lj
evidence in the case, as to the character of the ditches, j
sink?, &c., made on the premises, how it would cost <
6900 to level and grade the lot so as to fill up these j i
ditches, sinks, Ac.; and as to the item of $14,000 for
apple trees destroyed, although sustained by the cx
parte testimony in tho case, they regard it as utterly
extravagant. They have been informed that one
acre of ground is sufficient to contain thirty-six apple
trees, which, at the average estimate of the witnesses,
to wit, i wenty-eight dollars per tree, would amount
to $1,008; and yet the land, fruit trees and all, was
not perhaps worth more than $1,000 per acre.
On consideration of the whole case as presented to
the committee, they aro of the opinion that, the claim-
ant is justlv entitled to at least the sum of S3 000, and
they accordingly report a substitute for the bill to
them referred as aforesaid, and recommend its pas-
sage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the substitute reported by the
Committee ot'the Whole.
Mr. cole: It would seem that the military
department paid rent for this land at a pretty
round rate. It' I understood the reading of the
report, something like five' thousand dollars
was paid for the use of the land in that form.
If this was agricultural land, it will readily be
seen, by a calculation, that the rent would
amount to more than one hundred dollars an
acre, which, it seems to me, would be a pretty
fair price for agricultural land in that part of
Indiana. But if it was city land, or land in-
tended foroccupation for a portion of the town,
then the tearing of it up by digging ditches and
cellars could not be a very great disadvantage
to i t.
The estimation of the value of young apple
trees by the witnesses who were examined is
certainly exorbitant. Any person who lias had
tho least opportunity for informing himself
upon that subject must know that twenty-five
dollars a tree for young apple trees is extrava-
gant. Such trees cost but a few cents apiece,
and to set tliem out costs but a few cents more.
Inasmuch as the military department have
seen fit to award rent for this property at the
high rate, as it seems to me, of considerably
more than one hundred dollars an acre, the
parties should be satisfied with that; and I
therefore move that the bill be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. WILLEY. From the best evidence that
the committee could procure, this was quite a
beautiful and desirable lot, immediately con-
tiguous to the city of Indianapolis. It was
seized upon fay the military authorities, and
occupied as a camp and drilling-ground for
the term of five years. It was handsomely
improved as a garden, and there was a very
select orchard upon it with a good inclosure
around it. Any one can imagine what would
be the condition of a lot of that character, no
matter what the improvements upon it had
been, after having been occupied by soldiers,
especially by recruits, fortheterm of fiveyears,
and quarters and fortifications and all sorts of
operations having been made upon it.
The Senator from California thinks that the
rent paid by the United States Government for
the time of five years, amounting to nearly
five thousand dollars, was ample compensation,
not only for the occupancy of the premises
during those five years, but for all the damages
done to the premises by the soldiers while they
were there. Thecommitteecame to an entirely
different conclusion; that the lot itself, aside
from any damages done to it, was worth at least
the amount of rent paid by the United States,
if no damage had been done upon the lot and
there had been 110 destruction of the fruit trees
upon it. While they considered, as they have
certified in their report, that the estimates of
these damages by the claimant's witnesses were
entirely extravagant, yet they did conclude that
the destruction of the fence all round this lot
of five or six hundred fruit trees, and the dis-
figuring and injuring of the premises, by dig-
ging trenches, &c., ail round them, would be
but very moderately compensated for by the
moderate sum of $3,000. Therefore, for one,
as a member of the committee, I should be
very sorry that this bill should be postponed,
and that the Government should refnse to make
this loyal claimant the small compensation pro-
vided for in this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
