.68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
on the motion of the Senator from California,
that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 13, noes 23; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thereisaquorum present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote lacked
one of a quorum.
Mr. THAYER. I did not vote. I vote to
make a quorum.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the affirma-
tive or negative?
Mr. THAYER. In the negative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The noes have
it; the bill is not indefinitely postponed.
The amendment made as in-Committee of
the Whole was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the bill
pass?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would be glad if the
Senator in charge of that bill could let it go
over for a day or two. It may be just to the
extent the committee has reported ; but it
involves some pretty serious questions which,
perhaps, it might be well to consider a little
further, and, unless he is very urgent in the
passage of it now, I hope it will go over. I
move that it be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
distilled spirits in california.
The next business on the Calendar was the
|oint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) relating to the
seizure of certain distilled spirits in California.
Mr. CASSERLY. The controversy to which
that resolution relates has been entirely settled
uid disposed of in the Department. I there-
fore move the indefinite postponement of the
joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
postal telegravii.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
16. No. 422) to establish a postal telegraph
ysiem, and to incorporate the United States
Postal Telegraph Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Ramsey,] from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, with amendments and awritten
report. Is there objection to its consideration?
Mr. CAMERON. It had better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
over.
contempts ov courts.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
('S. No. 271) to punish contempts of the courts
of the United States in certain cases.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, without amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope the Senate will
consider this bill at the present time; it ought
to be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
The Chair hears no objection ; and the bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and will be read in full.
The bill was read. It provides that when-
ever it shall be made to appear to the satisfac-
tion of any court of the United States that any
person has been guilty of a willful violation of
any order, judgment, or decree of such court,
which by the rules of law constitute a contempt
of such court., and would authorize such per-
son, if before the court, to be dealt with there-
for, and that such person is in any other dis-
trict of the United States than that in which
the court is held, it shall be lawful for the
court to issue a warrant for the apprehension
of such person, directed to the marshal of the
district in which he may be supposed to be,
commanding such marshal to arrest the per-
son or persons, and bring him or them before
such court forthwith; and thereupon such
court may deal with such person or persons
according to law: and the marshal shall be
entitled to the same fees as in other cases, and
may convey such person from the place ol
arrest to the court issuing the warrant.
Mr. BAYARD. I object to the considera-
tion of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
illegal passenger taxes.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 80) to punish the collection of illegal
taxes on passengers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 7th of February last by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] from
the Committee on Commerce, with amend-
ments. Is there objection to its present con-
sideration?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object lo
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
american and asiatic telegraph.
The next bill on the Calendar waa the bill
(S. No. 117) to encourage and facilitate tele-
graphic communication between the eastern
and western continents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported from the Committee on Commerce
by the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] on
the 7th of February last.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think that bill had better
go over. There are other bills relating to the
same matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
district medical society.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 511) to repeal the charter of the Medi-
cal Society of the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, on the 8th of February
last, with awritten report. Is there any objec-
tion to its present consideration ?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland objects; and the bill will be passed
over.
.1. w. niciiols.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 400) for the relief of Major J. W.
Nichols, pavmast.er United States Army.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] from the Committee on Military
Affairs theSthof February last without amend-
raen t.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
preservation of harbors.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 424) to preserve the harbors of the
United States against encroachment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on tlie 8th of February last by the
SenatorfromNewYork, [Mr. Conkling,] from
the Committee on Commerce, without amend-
ment. Is there objection to its present con-
sideration ?
Mr. BAYARD. That is a bill which the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton]
would like to discuss. I object to its con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
lorenzo thomas, jr., and ii. c. thomas.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 122) for therelief
of Lorenzo'Thomas, jr., and Henry C. Thomas.
The VICE PRESIDEN T, This joint reso-
lution was reported by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Davis,] from the Committee on
Claims, on the 9th of February last. Is there
objection to its present consideration?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not sure but that I
am under a misapprehension as to what that
resolution is. I will withdraw the objection
until it shall be read.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be reported
in full, and will then be subject to objection.
The Secretary read the joint resolution,
which proposes to refer to the Court of Claim-
the claim of Lorenzo Thomas, jr.. and Hem"
C. Thomas against the United States for n
dwelling house, steam-engine, boiler, and ma
chinery, building for supporting machinery,
engine house, and smoke-stack, three brick-
kilns and fixtures thereunto belonging, brick-
sheds, stables, fences, brick burnt,brick green,
wheelbarrows, spades, and shovels, situate on
their brick-yard, on thirteen acres of land to
them belonging, in the State of Virginia, near
Arlington Heights, alleged by them to have
been seized and appropriated in the year 1861
by the Army and soldiers of the United States.
The Court of Claims is to ascertain and de-
termine whether the United States are justly
and properly liable to make compensation for
such property, or any part thereof, so alleged
to have been seized and appropriated, and
the amount of compensation which Lorenzo
Thomas, jr., and Henry C. Thomas are enti-
tled to receive therefor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will lead to debate,
and I think it had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution wdl be passed over.
construction of railroads.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 526) to promote commerce among the
States, and to cheapen transportation of the
mails and of militarv and naval stores.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill
reported by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr
Chaxdler,] from the Committee on Com-
merce, on the 10th of February last, without
amendment. Is there objection to its presem
consideration ?
Mr. VICKERS. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected to
by the Senator from Maryland, and will b?
passed over.
freedom of transit.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 290) to secure and protect the free-
dom of transit within the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trcmbull] from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary adversely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be postponed in-
definitely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
objection thebill will beindefinifely postponed.
[After a pause.] It is indefinitely postponed.
osa(tE indian lands.
The next bill on the Calendar was the biif
(S. No. 529) to provide forthe sale of the Great
and Little Osage Indian reservation in the
State of Kansas, and for the settlement of said
Indians in the Indian territory.
Mr. HARLAN. The subject of that bill was
embraced in another bill that is now a law. I
therefore move that it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
immigrant labor contracts.
The next bill on the Calendar was the biT
(S. No. 563) to make the importation of immi-
grants under labor contracts unlawful.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill wa„
introduced by the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] on the 18th of February last,
and has not yet been referred.
Several Senators. Let it be referred.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
