884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
an illustration of the severest possible treat-
ment that rebels can receive ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I cannot let my ten min-
utes be consumed in this way.'
Mr. DAWES. I thought the gentleman was
through, and I was going to make an inquiry
of him,
Mr. MAYNARD. I will remark, just in
that connection, that there ia nothing which
the rebel element in this country respects or
cares for but power, physical power. That
they do respect; that they have respected,
and that they will respect. The most quiet
times we have had in tbe State of Tennessee
daring the last ten years were the sis months
that elapsed just subsequent to the last presi-
dential election, when it seemed that the loyal
element, of this country had determined by
the election of General Grant as President to
enforce ihe law and make treason odious and
loyalty honorable. Then there was an acqui-
escence on the part ,of the disloyal and trea-
sonable element; and we had peace and quiet
until the occurrences of the followiug sum-
mer, which we all are familiar with, when they
conceived that there was once more a chance
for ihem to regain their ascendency. And
from that time on we have had a condition of
things there which is amply disclosed by testi-
mony in tbe archives of this same Reconstruc-
tion Committee, if they will ever consent to
have it come to the light and be published.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I ask my colleague [Mr. Boi-
ler] to yield to me a moment to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Matxaud.]
Mr. B UI'LER, of Massachusetts. I have
promised all of my time that I could spare.
Mr. DAWES. I will take but a moment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, be
brief.
Mr. DAWES. I want to knew of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynakd,] in
the light of his experience, whether the severe
treatment which they were enabled to mete out
to the rebels there in the past has not worked
the contrary effect? Have they not let slip
their hold upon them, and lost their control
of the State when they had the power to mete
out just the severity which he is now asking
for the entire South?
Mr. MAYNARD. I would answer the gen-
tleman categorically, and tell him most em-
phatically "no." In the first place, the action
of the government restored under the author
ity and approval of the United States would
have been accepted and quietly acquiesced in
but for the state of things here at the other
end of the avenue, a state of things
have no doubt the gentleman deplored as well
as myself. Then the course of the then Pres-
ident of the United States gave the disloyal
element a hope of reascendency in the State,
and we then had troubles and Kuklux outrages
and violence in various forms. When, as I
said just now, that hope was for a time anni-
hilated by the election of General Grant, in
November, 1868, then for six months we had
peace and quiet, until they once more saw
a prospect of regaining power by a fatal dis-
sension and unexampled treachery in our
latilts. But if you will demonstrate that you
have the power and the purpose to enforce
the laws which yon make you will again have
quiet in Tennessee; and not till then. Make
jour laws respected before you repeal them.
Mr. BU I'LER, of Massachusetts. I now
yifeid five minutes to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am unwilling
thai tiie vote I intend to give on this subject
shall be construed to mean what the gentleman
irom Tennessee [Mr. Maynaud] proposes to
uuiLeit mean. I am unwilling to have it under-
stood that a vote in favor of this bill is a vote in
favor ot the Kuklux Kla.ii iu any State of the
South. 1 want it understood that it is not on
that subject nor on that behalf that we are vot-
ing, and that by no possible construction can
this bill be tortured into a support of anything
of that kind.
I want to ask the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard,] and every man who thinks
with Mm, whether the retention of this iron-
clad oath in the cases from which this bill pro-
poses to remove it will have the least possible
effect to repress the outrages to which he has
referred in any of the southern States?
Mr. ARNELL. I can answer the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have but five
minutes, and cannot now pause for an answer.
If it will not. then I would like to know by
what process of logic a vote for this bill will
make us responsible for not stopping these
outrages.
Let me state my understanding of this bill.
There are two bodies of men who have spoken
authoritatively on this question. The whole
people of the United States have spoken
through the fourteenth constitutional amend-
ment. By that amendment they have decreed
that even the worst rebels in the South may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House of Con-
gress, be relieved of all their political disabili-
ties; and, in pursuance of that clause of the
Constitution, Congress has prescribed for them
a short oath by which they may accept office
without taking the " iron-clad" oath.
There is another class less potent than the
whole people,speaking through a constitutional
amendment. I refer to the Congress. That
body has provided that what is known as the
iron-clad oath shall be taken by a large class
of citizens who do not come under the ban of
the fourteenth amendment; who have no dis-
abilities to be removed under the provisions
of that amendment; but who, nevertheless,
during the course of the war, took such subor-
dinate part against the Union that they cannot,
as a matter of conscience, take the iron-clad
oath which Congress, not the Constitution, im-
poses. This class of persons who, as my col-
league [Mr. Upson] has well said, are by far
the lesser criminals, are not permitted to hold
even the smallest post office in the South,
because they have not sinned enough to need
pardon under the Constitution, but too much
to comply with the terms of the oath prescribed
by Congress.
Now, this bill provides that the obstacle
which we ourselves have placed in the way
to prevent this class of lesser criminals from
taking office shall be so far removed that they
may take the same oath that the worst rebels
in the South are permitted to take when Con-
gress has removed their disabilities. I ask
whether this statement of the case is not a
proper vindication of the bill ?
„ Some gentlemen here have said, "Let us
repeal the whole requirement of a test-oath."
I am inclined to think that this ought to be
done; but that subject is too wide for discus-
sion at this stage of the session. Let us pass
this bill as it comes from the Senate and take
the larger measure into consideration when
we have more leisure to discuss it.
I say to the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] and to all who are of his opinion
that it is not possible to settle the outrages of
the South by any form of oath. If these out-
rages reach the point where it becomes the
right and duty of the national Government to
interfere, then let it interfere, not by the im-
position of oaths, but with the strong arm to
protect the humblest citizen. But this mode
of putting down Kuklux Klans by prescribing
long oaths resembles that letter spoken of by
John Phenix, which was written "all for to
irritate." This species of legislation is bet-
ter calculated to irritate than to protect. It
is not only an object of useless irritation, but
it is a serious obstacle to the transaction of
the public business. When we were framing
a law to provide for the taking of the ninth
census we found that in all quarters of the
South the census could hardly be taken if
we required the administration of the iron-
clad oath to the assistant marshals. We were
compelled, as a sheer business necessity, to
dispense with that oath in the case of the
assistant marshals.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield five minutes to the geDtleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Shasks.]
Mr. SHANKS. As 1 understand this bill it
works a pardon, and it works that pardon with-
out any request from the parties to be par-
doned. Christianity, in the school in which
I learned it, never taught me to grant a pardon
until it was asked for. I believe, sir, that He
wbo should be the standard in matters of this
kind never granted pardon until it was asked
for. Even as He expired He forgave tbe man
who asked His pardon, while the other went
not into Paradise because he did not ask it.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
surprised me in the remarks which he made
here this morning. He asked this House to
release these people of all the liabilities under
which they now rest: and then he said, '• We
ask you to give us such legislation as will pro-
tect our people ; do not give us a stone when
we ask for bread." I ask him, and I ask this
House, what power has the Congress of the
United States over the people of a State touch-
ing any of their criminal conduct, except as
such power is now in the hands of the Govern-
ment as the result of offenses committed dur-
ing the rebellion? I ask, what is the author-
ity for any legislation by which this Congress
may say that the rebels of the South, the Ku-
klux Klans, shall be made to behave them-
selves hereafter, if we release the last hold
we have upon the people of those States on
account of the late rebellion ?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
made a very singular statement a moment ago
when he said that this law is nothing but a law
of Congress and is not the action of the peo-
ple. 1 -now put the question, what power
is there here but the people? Where do the
people speak in these questions except here ?
If we do not speak against it, where will the
people speak against it, and how?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I understand this matter
of theviolation of the law of the States. These
murders committed by these people are subject
only to State law. We are to relieve these men.
What then? The southern States are in the
hands of these men. You will be attempting
to try men in courts which are in the hands of
the very men who commit these outrages. You
will bo placing in the hands of these men the
management of their own affairs. You put
them in the hands of the courts they sway.
For myself I am opposed to the measure. I
am opposed to relieving any part or parcel of
the power we have over these men until they
shall by their conduct show themselves worthy
of it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Oiiio. I ask the gen-
tleman whether anybody is disqualified from
holding State office unless lie comes under the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States?
_ Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Porter] for ten minutes.
Mr. PORTER then addressed the House.
[See Appendix.] At the conclusion of his
remarks he said : I desire to say one word
further. During the eight months! have been
a member of this House I have occupied the
attention of the House but one hour and thirty
minutes, including the ten minutes I have now
had. I would like unanimous consent to con-
tinue for ten minutes further, but. not to come
out of the time of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the gentle-
man's time be extended.
Mr. COX. I will not object, although the
other day when a personal attack was made
upon me in reference to the Sau Domingo mat-
