1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE SCRIP. .
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 482) to provide for tbe location of
agricultural college scrip bv actual settlers.
The VICE PRES1DEN L\ This bill was
reported on the 18th of February last by the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] from
the Committee ou Public Lands, with an
amendment. Is there objection to its present
consideration ?
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no objection to that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be read, subject to objection after it shall be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands as
a substitute for the bill. It proposes to grant
land scrip for seven hundred and fifty thousand
acres of public land to the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown and the county of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, for the sup-
port of public schools, in which there shall be
no distinction on account of race or color; that
any agricultural college scrip may be located oy
an actual settler upon public land he may be
entitled to enter at $1 25 per acre, and that
where the lands are raised in price to $2 50
per acre scrip for one hundred and sixty acres
oh all be received as payment for eighty acres.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Js there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill ?
Mr. SAOLSBURY. I object.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Delaware will not object. We have tried for
eight years to pass that bill, the first part of it
at any rate, giving some lands for the support
of public schools in this District. This District
never got an acre of the public lands, while all
the States have got some. They have 110 school
fund here, and the people are taxed unreason-
ably to support public schools.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The kindness of heart
of the honorable Senator from Kansas would
prevent me from making any objection to a
measure which he has at heart under ordiuary
circumstances, but I say to the Senator that 1
must insist on my objection in this case.
There is a "nigger" here.
Mr. POMEROY. The negro is all over town ;
we cannot help but see him. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not
before the Senate for debate, objection being
made to its consideration.
FUBKEMEJi'S BUK13AC.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 431) to abolish the Freedmen's Bureau
and providing for the Bureau of Education.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Patterson] from the select Committee
oil Retrenchment.
Mr. SCHURZ. He desires me to ask that
it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
LAURENCE L. MliltllY.
The next bill on tbe Calendar was the bill
(H. li. No. 88S) for the relief of Laurence L.
Merry, collector of internal revenue for the
twentieth district of New York.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Williams,] from the Committee on Finance,
oil the 22d of February last, with a written
report. Is there objection to its present con-
sideration? The Chair hears none.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in adjusting the accounts
of Lawrence L. Merry, collector of internal
revenue for the twentieth district of New York,
to credit him with the sum of S3,690 73, the
amount of revenue stamps stolen from the
American Express Company's safe, and from
the post office at Ilion, Herkimer county, New
York, on the night of the 9th of October, 1866,
and for which amount the collector is responsi-
ble to the Treasury of the United States, if
it shall then still appear that the theft of the
stamps was without the collusion, privity, or
fault of the collector.
The bill %vas reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
civil service.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 356) to reform the civil service of the
United States. -
Mr. SCHURZ. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill wiil be
passed over.
alaska tekritorial government.
1 The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 576) to establish a territorial govern-
ment for the territory of Alaska.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
! reported by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] from the Committee on Territories,
with amendments. Js there objection to its
present consideration? j
Mr. CAMERON. I obiect. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be j
passed over. |
GF.OIiGE F. WERBORN.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 139) to enable the
Court of Claims to hear and determine the
claim of George F. Werborn, a subjcct of the
king of Prussia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reeo- !
lution was reported on the 24th of February I
last by the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. I
Sumner] from the Committee ou Foreign llela- !
tions. Is there objection to its present consid- I
eratioti? |
Mr. SUMNER. Let that be passed over, j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The jointreso- i
lution will be passed over.
NATIONAL PAVINU COMPANY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 5ti0) to incorporate the National Paving
Company of Washington, District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 25th of February last by the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Vickers,] from
the Committee on the District of Columbia,
with amendments. Is there objection to its
present consideration?
Mr.POMEROY. 1 thoughtthesecompanies
might be organized under the general incorpor-
ation law we have passed for the District of
Columbia. I thought when we passed the gen-
eral law last year we should not need any more
special charters.
Mr. HARRIS. I object to the consideration
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over, objection being made.
MISSOURI, KANSAS, AND TEXAS RAILWAY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 447) to incorporate the Missouri, Kan-
sas, and Texas Railway Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Williams,] from the Committee on Public
Lands, with amendment. Is there objection
i to its present consideration ?
i Mr. NYE. Let it co over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE GRANTS.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) concerning
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution was reported by the Senator trom Mis-
souri, [Mr. Drake,] from the Committee on
Education and Labor, with amendment. The
question is now on the passage ot the resolu-
tion, it having been previously debated and
amended. The Secretary will report it in full,
subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
as amended, as follows :
Be it reso'ved, eke., That no State which shall not
before the passage hereof have complied with tho
conditions of the act donating public lands to the
seven! I States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture find the mechanic
arts, approved July 2. 1862, shall be entitled to
receive any grant of lands or scrip under said act,
unless the Legislature of said State, bylaw, first pro-
vide that in any college or educational institution
established in accordance with said act all persona,
without distinction ou account of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude, shall be entitled to
eiiual advantages, rights, and privileges; and if any
such Statehaving passed such a lawshall afterwuid
repeal the same without the consent of Congress, or
without such consent alter the same so as not to
secure such equal advantages, rights, and privileges
to all perdons.such repeal or alteration shall operate
as a forfeiture to tho United States of any lands or
scrip granted under said act, or of the proceeds
thereof, whether held by such State in money oi
invested by it in securities in pursuance of said act.
Mr. BAYARD. I object to that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution will be passed over
transportation of soldiers.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 145) for the relief
of William R. Retherford and George Kain?,
of the first Michigan cavalry volunteers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This joint reso-
lution was reported by the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Abbott,] from the Committee
on Military Affairs, with a written report, is
there objection to its present consideration ?
The joint resolution was read. By its terms
the Secretary of War is to pay or cause to be
paid, out of any money appropriated for the
pay of the Army, to William 11. Retherford.
the sum of SS2o, deducting therefrom the
amount, paid to him for commutation for travel
and subsistence when mustered out, and to
Geoige ICains, from the same appropriation,
the same sum, or so much thereof as the dis-
tance traveled from Denver City, Colorado, to
the place of his enrollment bears to the dis-
tance from Camp Douglas, Utah, to his place
of enrollment, and the amount paid to him for
commutation for travel and subsistence when
mustered out.
Mr. COLE. I should like to hear the repor;.
in that ease.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be read.
Mr. COLE. 1 think, upon reflection, that I
shall not call for the reading of the report, but
object to the resolution. 1 believe it provides
for some of a class of claims of which there
are a good many in California and Nevada,
where soldiers were discharged at places dis
tant from their homes in Texas, New Mexico,
Utah, and Colorado, and there has been no
provision whatever made for returning to them
the expenses they were subjected to in getting
to their homes. Effort has been made for along
time to have the matter considered by the Sen-
ate, and, indeed, in 1867 a bill was passed for
their relief; but the construction given to itby
the War Department excludes a large class
who are equally entitled to compensation with
Retherford and the oilier person named here.
I ask that the bill be passed over for the pres-
ent, and 1 shall ask the Committee on Military
Affairs to consider a bill that is now, I think,
before them, which will include tbe persons to
whom I allude, who reside in California and
Nevada.
Mr. CHANDLER. I trust that my frfend
ftom California will listen to me for a moment.
As I understand, all the other men of this
regiment were paid transportation ; but these
men, being in hospital at a distance, were not
discharged with the regiment and failed to
receive any allowance for transportation. The
rest of the regiment, when they were dis-
banded, had a very small amount paid them for
their transportation. The Government having
already paid the rest of tiie regiment, it is but
right that these two men should be compen-
sated for tbe money they actually expended.
Mr. COLE. I believe in the principle of
