60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
paying these parties; but I think that to pay
these two men would be invidious, and would
be drawing a distinction between them and
other meritorious persons who ought not to be
so treated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from California insist on his objection ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President-
Mr. COLE. I will withdraw my objection
f the Senator from Nevada wishes to make a
remark.
Mr. NYE. Only a word. There was a bill
passed here some two years ago, if I recol-
lect aright, for the partial relief of this regi-
ment from Michigan. At that time I tried to
incorporate in it a provision that the soldiers
of Nevada who were mustered out at Salt
Lake, six hundred and forty miles from their
homes, should be entitled to the same consid-
eration. Now, I have no objection to this bill
passing at this time with an amendment, such
as is suggested by the honorable Senator from
California, that the same rules and regulations
appertaining to the regiment to which that bill
applied shall apply to the soldiers mustered
out from the States of California and Nevada.
Some of the soldiers of California belonged
to the same regiment with the soldiers from
Nevada, and they were all mustered out at Salt
Lake, and no provision made for their trans-
portation home ; and the fare at that time was
some $200 apiece. I have always considered
it a great injustice that the Michigan regiment
should be paid and the othernot. If the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan will consent to
an amendment to make the bill apply to the
regiment from California and Nevada, I shall
be glad to have it passed; otherwise, I hope
it will go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects to the further consideration
of the joint resolution, and it will be passed
over.
Mr. COLE. I do not object to an amend-
ment including these other parties.
Mr. NYE. With the Senator's permission,
I will propose an amendment.
Mr. COLE. I withdraw the objection if the
Senator wishes to propose an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the joint resolution is before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole. Is there
further objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend by saying that
the jBame provision be applicable to the sol-
diers from the States of California and Nevada
mustered out that appertains to the Michigan
regiment; perhaps the Senator from Michigan
can give me the number of it.
Mr. WILSON. The bill had better go over,
to give time to prepare the amendment.
Sir. NYE. Let it go over, and it can be
called up to-morrow when the amendment is
prepared.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada asks unanimous consentthat this joint
resolution be passed over, to be called Hp as |
the first business in order on the Calendar ;
to-morrow, and it will be so ordered. j
railroad in minnesota. '
The nextbill on the Calendar was the bill (S. I
No. 124) granting lands in the State of Minne- j
sola to aid in constructing a railroad from Lake !
Superior to Vermilion Lake, in said State. I
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. This bill was re- i
ported by the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pome-
hot] from the Committee on Public Lands, is
there objection to its present consideration?
Mr. CASSERLY. Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported, subject to objection after it shall have
been repoited.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill; but
before concluding,
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that bill bad bet-
ter go over. It will certainly lead to discus-
sion.
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly not. The read-
ing is all through, except the last section.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator withdraws his
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. There must be several
amendments reported to that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is 110
objection to the present consideration of the
bill reported by the Committee on Public Lauds
the amendments will be read.
Mr. CASSERLY. Isuppose after the amend-
ments shall be otfered there will still be aright
to object?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There will not
be, under the rule, after the Senate proceeds to
act on the amendments. If the Senator desires
to have them reported they can all be reported,
and the bill still subject to objection before
debate commences.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask of the President
whether it is not always m order to have any
amendment read for information?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; but after
debate has commenced on an amendment to a
bill it is out of the power of any Senator to
object to the present consideration of the bill.
Mr. CA.SSERLY. Then I ask to have the
amendments read for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendments.
The Chief Clerk read the amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASSERLY. I must object to the
further consideration of this bill. I do not
think I ever could consent to such a large rail-
road bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be.
passed over.
territorial penitentiaries.
Mr. NYE. I rise to ask the indulgence of the
Senate, and I hope they will grant it, to pass
a little hill at the request of the Secretary of
the Interior, which is important at this moment
to harmonize two Departments. Harmony will
be made by this bill between the Department
of Justice and the Department of the Interior
in regard to the control of the penitentiaries
of three Territories—Washington, Idaho, and
Montana. The fund to be administered is in
charge of the Department of Justice, while the
direction of it is now in the Department of the
Interior. The bill was recommended by the
last Secretary of the Interior, and the Com-
mittee on Territories report it. I have the
permission of the committee to report it back
now, and I shall be much obliged for the indul-
gence of the Senate in considering it now.
The VICE PRESIDE NT. The Senator from
Nevada asks unanimous consent to report a
bill from the Committee on Territories.
Mr. NYE. I report back Senate bill No.
1100 without amendment; and I send to the
Chair a letter written by the present Secretary
of the Interior, which shows the importance
of the bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1100) in relation to cer-
tain territorial penitentiaries. The firstsection
provides that the penitentiary which has been,
or may hereafter be. erected by the United
States in any organized Territory "thereof shall,
when the same is ready for the reception of con-
victs, be placed under the care and control of
the marshal of the United States forthe Terri-
tory or district in whieh such penitentiary may
be situated. The second section makes it the
duty of the Attorney General of the United
States to prescribe ail needful rules and regu-
lations for the government of such penitentiary,
and the marshal having charge thereof is to
cause them to be duly and faithfully executed
and obeyed. The reasonable compensation of
the marshal and of his deputies for their ser-
vices, under the act and the regulations, is to
be fixed by the Attorney General, and it, and
the expense incident to the subsistence and
employment of offenders against the laws of the
United States, who have been or may hereafter
be sentenced to imprisonment in such peniten-
tiary, are to be chargeable on and payable out
of the fund for defraying the expenses of suits
in which the United States are concerned and
1 of prosecutions for offenses committed against
the United States. The third section provides
that any person convicted by a court of com-
petent jurisdiction in aTerritory for a violation
of the laws thereof, and sentenced to imprison-
ment, may, at the cost of such Territory, on
such terms and conditions as maybe prescribed
by such rules and regulations, be received,
subsisted, and employed in such penitentiary
during the term of his or her imprisonment, in
the same manner as if he o'r she had been con-
victed of an offense against the laws of the
United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter of the
Secretary of the Interior will be read.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we can pass the
bill without reading that.
Mr. HARLAN. I would rather hear the
letter.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
Department of the Interior,
Washixoton, D. 0., December 8,1870.
Sir: I have the honor to invite your attention to
the last page of the last annual report of my prede-
cessor (copy herewith) in regard to the penitentiaries
in Idaho, Montana, and Colorado. These buildings
were erected at the expense of the United States, as
Congress authorized the proceeds of the internal rev-
enue tax in the respective Territories for oertain
year3 to bo applied for the purpose. My predecessor
justly remarks that although these institutions are
national property there is no legislation providing
for the government and control of them.
Sending prisoners convicted in the Territories of
offenses against the laws of theXJnited States to some
State where there is a penitentiary, where they can
bo confined, subsisted, and employed, involves an
enormous expense. It is paid out of the " j udieiary
fund."whieh is now under the control of the Attorney
General, who, I submit, should have the supervision
of those branches of the service the cost of which is
chargeable upon that fund.
I have the honor to transmit herewith a draft of
a bill which I have prepared in regard to territorial
penitentiaries. Should it meet the views of your
honorable coinmitteeltrustthatitwill be submitted
for the early consideration of Congress. At all events
no time should be lost in maturing legislation which
will authorize and empower the proper officers to use
these institutions tor the purposes for which they
were intended.
X am.sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Horn James W. Nye, Chairmnn Committee on Terri-
tories, Senate of the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. I think I should prefer that
that bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
over under the rule, having been reported to-
day. 'The Secretary will resume the reading
of the bills on the Calendar.
public lands in california.
The nextbill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 975) to dedicate the public agricul-
tural lands in the State of California to home-
stead and preemption purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 2d of March last, by the Sena-
tor from California, [Mr. Casserly,] from the
Committee on Public Lands, with amendments.
Is there objection to its present consideration?
Mr. POMEROY. I think it had better go
over.
■ The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
over.
mbs. jane northridgjk.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 128) for the relief of Mrs. Jane North-
ridge.
'1 he VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
on the 3d of March last by the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Abbott] with a. written
report. Is there objection to its present con-
sideration? The Chair hears none, and the
