1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill j
(H. Ii. No. 2280) regulating the jurisdiction :
of courts in certain cases.
The bill was read. It provides that the
Attorney General of the United States may
institute proceedings in the usual form ia law
and equity to determine all questions wherein
the rights and interests of the CJnited States are
concerned.
The bill was ordered to be- engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THIS PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his sec-
retaries, informed the House that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed a bill of the
following title:
A bill (II. R. No. 2360) for the relief of
Arnton Smith.
customs revenue laws.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (H. R. No. 1400) to remedy certain de-
fects in the judicial administration of certain
customs revenue laws.
The bill was read. It provides that in all
suits pending or hereafter begun against col-
lectors of customs to recover money paid in
excess on account of duties, fees, or other
charges exacted on imported merchandise,
wherein a final judgment is obtained by the
plaintiff, the clerk of the court wherein such
judgment shall be entered shall forthwith cer-
tify the same, under the seal of the court, to
the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall on
receipt of such certificate pay the same, in the
description of money received from the plain-
titf, outof any funds in the Treasury notother-
wise appropriated; and in case the Secretary
aloresaid shall, at the end of thirty days from
the receipt of the said certificate of the clerk,
if the judgment is rendered east of the Rocky
mountains, or ninety days if the judgment is
rendered west of the Rocky mountains, and
the same be not appealed from or carried to
the Supreme Court for a writ of error, have
failed to pay or order the payment of said
judgment, the court wherein the judgment
was obtained shall, on application by the
plaintiff, and on being satisfied of the afore-
• said failure of the Secretary of the Treasury,
issue execution against the defendant, accord-
ing to due course of law, which execution shall
be levied and satisfied in the same manner as
is provided by the twelfth section of the act of
March 3, 1865, chapter eighty, for executions
issued on judgments for the recovery of duties
upon imports. It also provides that when in
auy suit which has been or may be brought for
the recovery of duties, fees, or other charges
alleged to have been illegally or erroneously
exacted oil imported merchandise, wherein
were or are involved only questions of law, a
final judgment, on a written opinion, order, or
decree of any circuit court of the United States,
signed by a judge thereof, and filed in the office
of the clerk of said court, be rendered for the
plaintiff; and there are or may be other suits
in the same court involving only the identical
questions of law previously disposed of by the
court as aforesaid, and such cases cannot be
carried to the Supreme Court of the United
States by writs of error, the district or other
attorney having charge of such suits on behalf
of the defendant, according to the'provisions
of the twelfth and thirteenth sections of the act
of March 3,18G3, chapter seventy-six, entitled
"An act to prevent and punish frauds on the
revenue, and for other purposes," shall have
authority, and is hereby directed, to confess
judgment therein against said defendant for
such amount as shall be found by an auditor,
to be appointed by the court unless a jury to
assess such amounts be demanded by either
party, due the plaintiff, according to the rules
of law laid down in the opinion, order, or de-
cree of the court aforesaid; and such judg-
ments and all executions issued thereon shall
be treated and satisfied as is provided for sim-
ilar judgments and executions in the foregoing
section.
Mr. ALLISON. That is an important bill.
The House ought to receive some explanation
of it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will be
glad to explain it. The bill is accompanied
bv a report of the Judiciary Committee, which
has been printed, and which explains it fully.
But I can state the action of the bill in a
moment.
Whenever customs duties are exacted from
merchants they are exacted in gold. If the
merchant protests, he has the right to sue for
the money; but if he gets a judgment in his
favor, the amount has then become a debt of
the United States, payable only in currency,
and he cannot get back the gold which he has
paid in. In order to have the judgment paid
in the same kind of money in which the pay-
ment was made this bill is necessary.
The second section provides that where there
has been a question decided about the refund
of duties, and where other suits are brought
in the same court involving the same ques-
tions of law as have already been decided,
these suits may be disposed of by the court
without the intervention of a jury, unless
either party should call for a jury.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman inform
the House whether this bill does not require
the costs of the suit, as well as the damages, to
be paid in gold ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
understand it so.
Mr. KELSEY. It includes the costs also.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. DICKEY. You do not make the party
take his money out of court, but take the same
amount of money out of the Treasury without
an appropriation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
he never takes his money out of court. The
money never is paid into the court. It is paid
to the collector of customs. Then the collector
of customs is sued, and that judgment by law is
paid out of the Treasury of the United States.
We appropriate a genera! fund for the purpose
of refunding duties. The man has paid the
duties in gold and has got a judgment in his
favor, and the question is whether the money
shall be refunded to him in gold as he paid it.
This bill is the unanimous report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. ALLISON. I see that the bill provides
that where a case has been once decided by
a jury a like case shall not be taken before
a jury.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It shall
be decided by the court without the inter-
vention of a jury unless either of the parties
demands a jury trial.
Mr. ALLISON. This seems to be a very
important bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It was
considered with great care by the Committee
on the Judiciary, and has been unanimously
reported.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ohio judicial districts.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. K. No. 2920) to divide the
State of Ohio into three judicial districts, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I give notice that I shall
call for the reading of the engrossed bill, for
1 do not think the bill ought to pass.
Mr. KELLOGG. I think the gentleman
will withdraw his call if he will give me hia
attention for a single moment. The bill pro-
poses to make a new judicial district in the
State of Ohio, to be called the " middle dis-
trict;" and I will say to the gentleman from
Indiana that in both the northern and the
proposed middle district there are nearly one
million of population, according to the new
census, and in the southern district seme seven
hundred thousand. The gentleman well knows
that on the greater portion of the northern
border there are navigable waters as well as the
southern and eastern borders. The bill simply
involves the expense of one additional judge.
Now, I have here a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Ohio, passed during
the last month by the house of representatives
of that State by a majority of 90 to 4, and by
the senate by a majority of 19 to 8.
That resolution ia as follows:
Joint resolution respecting the division of the State
of Ohio into three judicial districts.
Whereas a bill is pending in the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Congress of the United States,
reported by the Judiciary Committee, dividing the
State of Ohio into three judicial districts, as follows,
to wit: the counties of Columbiana, Jefferson, Oar-
roll, Starke, Wayne, Richland. Crawiord, Wyanttott,
Hancock. Putnam, and Paulding, together with alt
that part of the State lying north of said counties,
composing the northern district: the counties ot'
Preble. Montgomery, Warren, Clinton, Fayette,
Ross, Vinton, Meigs, together with all that part of
said State lying south ot said last-mentioned conn-
ties, composing the southern district, and all the
residue of the State composing the middle district;
and providing that courts for said northern district
shall be held at Cleveland and Toledo, for_raici
southern district at Cincinnati, and for said wtddio
district at Columbus and Marietta: and whereas
the convenience of the people of the State whohavo
business in the Federal courts will be best subserved
by said division; and whereas the diversity and
magnitude of the interests and territorial extent of
the State of Ohio demand with greater reason said
division than other States in which Congress has
heretofore increased the number of judicial districts
and established several places lor holding the Fed-
eral courts: Therefore, xm-
Resolved by the General Assembly of the Stale of Ohio,
That our Senators and Representatives in Congress
be requested to vote and use their influence for the
passage of the bill dividing the State into three
judicial districts.
lleiolved, That the Governor be requested to for-
ward immediately a copy of the foregoing preamble
and resolution to each of our Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress. ^ ^
Sneaker of the House of Hep^'cnentatwes,
SAMUEL R HUNT.
President pro tempore oj the Senate.
Adopted January 2G, 1871.
I will say farther that I understand that the
Ohio delegation are generally in favor of the
bill; at least no one opposes it. I think it is
right.
Mr. JUDD. Who is to be the judge?
Mr. KELLOGG. That will be for the Pres-
ident to say.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman what is the policy of the Committee
on the Judiciary in regard to these additional
judicial districts, because I introduced a hill
providing for an additional district in Iowa,
and it has not been reported.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will say this in answer
to the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Allison, J
that it is the policy of the Judiciary Committee
to giveto every State that absolutely needs it, in
order that there may not be any denial of jus-
tice therein, a new judicial district. I now call
the previous question.
The previous question "was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed. .
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
