890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
L'UltCIIASES OP LAND AT TAX SALES.
Mr. COOK, from the Committee ou the
Judiciary, reported back, with an amendment,
Senate bill No. 995, forthe relief of purchasers
of land sold for direct taxes in the insurrec-
tionary States.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that no owner, his heirs, or assigns, of
any land sold for taxes nnder the provisions
of the act entitled " An act for the collections
of direct taxes in the insurrectionary districts
within the United States, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 7, 1862, and of the acts
amendatory thereof, shall be permitted to
recover the same in any action or proceeding
against the purchaser at such sale, his heirs or
assigns, without showing, in addition to other
necessary facts, that all taxes, costs, and pen-
alties due upon the said land at the time of the
sale have been paid by him or them, or bring-
ing into court and depositing with the clerk
for the use of the United States the amount,
with interest, of the taxes and penalties due
to the United States on account of the land
when sold, together with all the costs and ex-
penses of the sale, which sum, in case of the
recovery of the land by such owner, his heirs
or assigns, shall be paid by the clerk into the
Treasury of the United States. The second
section provides that in all cases where the
owner of any land sold for taxes as aforesaid,
his heirs or assigns, shall recoverthe samefrom
the purchaser, his heirs or assigns, by the judg-
ment of any United States court, by reason of a
failure without his or their fault, or neglect of
the title of the purchaser derived from said sale,
the Secretary of the Treasury, on the payment
into the Treasury by the clerk of the money
deposited with him as aforesaid, and on being
satisfied that any purchaser, his heirs or as-
signs, has been evicted from or turned out of
possession of any such land by the judgment
of any United States court, in the manner
before mentioned, is hereby authorized, out
of any money in the Treasury sot otherwise
appropriated, to repay to the person or per-
sons entitled thereto a sura of money equal
to that originally paid by the purchaser of the
land so recovered, if the same has been paid
into the Treasury.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out the words "United States court"
wherever they occur in the second section, and
to insert in lieu thereof the words " court of
competent jurisdiction."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be read a third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Cook] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. COOK. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not agree to this
bill in the committee, and I do not think it
ought to pass. I think it devolves upon parties
who seek to recover the title to which they are
entitled by law onerous burdens which ought
not to be imposed upon them. By this bill,
as I understand it, in order that a party may
recover land which has been illegally sold for
taxes he must deposit in the Treasury all the
taxes paid by the party in possession before
he can maintain his cause, or at all events
before he can recover judgment. I think if a
party has been wrongfully put out of posses-
sion of his land he ought to be entitled to
recover without having any such burden im-
posed upon him. The court, in their judg-
ment, can settle all questions between the par-
ties. I hope, therefore, this bill will not pass.
Mr. COOK. This bill applies to all caoes
where lands were sold under the law for the
non-payment of direct taxes. It only requires
the party to deposit the amount of taxes which
he should have paid.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. These lands were not
sold as lauds are ordinarily sold under tax
sales. They were sold for as much as they
would bring, and the whole sum for which they
were sold is covered into the Treasury of the
United States. These lands were sold abso-
lutely ; not the least number of acres of the
farm which would discharge the tax ; but the
whole real estate is sold and the money
received for it covered into the Treasury.
Now, in order that the party whose land has
been illegally sold may recover a judgment, he
must deposit the taxes, which perhaps may
have been illegally assessed, without regard to
their illegality, without regard to their amount,
or without regard to the manner in which they
were imposed. I hold that all the questions in
regard to the taxes paid into the Treasury may
be determined by one suit. This bill imposes
an onerous and unnecessary burden on the
party seeking to recover his land illegally sold.
Mr. COOK. The party is only required to
deposit the amount of taxes he would have had
to pay had he paid his taxes. That is the same
rule that prevails in every State of the Union.
Mr. COX. One question.
Mr. COOK. Very well.
Mr. COX. Where a party has purchased
land at a tax sale and paid the money there-
for into the Treasury of the United States, and
is then evicted either by an action of eject-
ment or other decision of the court, will he be
entitled to recover the money he has paid,
having received no consideration therefor ?
Mr. COOK. That is provided for by the
second section of this bill.
Mr. COX. I think that is right, and I shall
support the bill.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be .laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND SURVEYS, ETC.
Mr. COOK also reported, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, a bill (H. 11. No. 2921)
to repeal an act entitled "An act for the sur-
vey of grants or claims of land," approved
June 2, 1802; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill repeals the act named in the title,
with the proviso that the repeal shall not affect
any right heretofore acquired under that act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF CAUSES FROJl STATE COURTS.
Mr. COOK also reported, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, a bill (H. R. No.
2922) amendatory of an act entitled "An act
for the removal of causes in certain cases from
State courts; " which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that an act entitled "An
act for the removal of causes in certain cases
from State courts," passed July 27, 1866, and
an act amendatory thereto, passed March 2,
1867, shall be so construed that railroad
corporations operating railroads and having
offices and doing business within any State
shall not be considered alien citizens, or citi-
zens of another State, within the meaning of
said acts ; and for the purpose of determining
the jurisdiction of the State courts, the amount
in dispute under the provisions of said acts
shall be determined by tlje amount claimed in
the plaintiff's petition or complaint. Nor is
said act to apply to cases where the cause of
action accrued prior to April 12, 1801, and
causes alieady transferred from any State court
to any court of the United States, under the
provisions of said act., are not to be affected
by this bill.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Speaker, is it in
order to move an amendment to this bill?
Thje SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COOK. Let me make a single explan-
ation.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I merely desire to
move an amendment to insert after the word
"State," wherever it occurs, the word "Ter-
ritory."
Mr. COOK. I cannot assent to that. The
bill is not iutended to apply to Territories. I
wish to explain in a single word the effect of
this bill. It is merely designed to provide that
where a railroad corporation is operating in a
State, and has its offices in that State, it shall
be deemed a citizen of the State in so far that
it shall not be permitted, under existing laws,
to remove from State courts to the United
States courts causes brought by citizens of the
State.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed tQ.
REGULATIONS OF JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS.
Mr. COOK also, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back adversely a bill
(H. 11. No. 1581) extendingthe provisions of an
act relating to habeas corpus, and regulating
judicial proceedings in certain cases; which
was laid on the table.
UNITED STATES COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. COOK also, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back adversely a bill
(H. 11. No. 575) to define the jurisdiction and
duties of United States commissioners; which
was laid on the table.
FEMALE SUFFRAGE.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a report of the minority of the
Committee on the Judiciary upon the memo-
rial of Mrs. Victoria C. Woodhull; which was
ordered to be printed, aud recommitted.
WILLIAM M'GARRAHAN.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I am author-
ized by the majority of the Committee on the
Judiciary to report back the petition of Wil-
liam McGarrahan, together with the resolu-
tion that he is not entitled to the relief asked
for. I move that the report of the committee
be ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask leave to make a
minority report in this case, which I ask to
have printed, and recommitted in connection
with the report of the majority.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the mo-
tion to print include the printing of all the
testimony?
Mr. PETERS. Not at all. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the reports of the
majority and minority of the committee were
ordered to be printed and recommitted; and
also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to reconsider all
the votes taken to-day; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed a concurrent resolution, (in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
