1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enforcement of fifteenth amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back,
with amendments, and ask to have put on its
passage, a bill (H. II. No. 2684) to amend an
act approved May 3, 1870, entitled "An act
to enforce the right of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes."
Mr. KERR. I understood that this bill was
not to be reported to-day.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill is to be reported;
but I want it to go over as unfinished business.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me bt-fore he reports that bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will do so if I shall not
be interrupted afterward. My only design in
reporting the bill now is to have it go over as
unfinished business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that
unless the previous question be ordered the
bill will go over as business of the morning
hoar.
Mr. BINGHAM. For that reason I was
about to move the previous question; but I
yield for a tew moments to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Kerb.]
Mr. RANDALL. I move the House now
adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I want to move the pre-
vious question on this bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] insist ou his
motion to adjourn ?
Mr. RANDALL. I do.
krpokt of attorney general.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Attorney General, transmitting to the
House his annual report; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
improvement of bayou teche.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in answer to a reso-
lution adopted by the House January 23, 1871,
in relation to an appropriation of ยง17,500 for
the improvement of Bayou Teche; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. MUNGEN. I insist on the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is following
the regular order. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Muxcen] has sent to the Chair his re-
quest for leave of absence for fourteen days.
[Laughter.] The gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Rogers] desires leave of absence for
eight days. If there be no objection these
requests will be granted.
There was no objection.
ciiarlks j. beiile.
Mr. JUDD, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
the petition and papers of Charles J. Behle,
asking to be allowed the difference between
the pay of a private and that of a major of
United States colored troops.
ansa ella oarroll.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, by unani-
mous consent, leavo was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the Committee on
Military Affairs of the papers in the case of
Anna Klla Carroll.
committees of conference appointed.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the committee of conference on thi}' part of the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1351) prescrib-
ing the form of the enacting and resolving
clauses of acts and resolutions of Congress
and rales for the construction thereof: Mr.
Poland, Mr. Hoar, and Mr. Potter.
The SPEAKER also announced the follow-
ing as the committee of conference on the part
of the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2509) to
abolish theoffices of Admiral and Vice Admiral
in the Navy: Mr. Logan, Mr. Scofield, and
Mr. Butler of Massachusetts.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. Ii. No. 2924) to relieve cer-
tain citizens of Mississippi therein named from
their political disabilities; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction, and ordered to
be printed.
charlkst0w.v and ktttkry navy-yards.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced ajoint resolution (H. R. No. 485) inquir-
ing into the expediency of consolidating the
Charlestown and Kittery navy-yards; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
grant of condemned cannon.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 48G)
granting condemned cannon for a monument
at Washington's headquarters, Newburg, New
York ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I hope not. I want
that resolution to be passed.
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL,
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c.,were presented
under the rule, aud referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ALLISON: A petition of census
marshals of the third congressional district of
Iowa, praying Congress for increase of pay.
By Mr. ARCHER: A petition of executors
of Commodore Ringgold, United States Navy.
Also, the petition of William I. Purnell.
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina: The pe-
tition of Nicholas Peebles, of Northampton
county, North Carolina, for the removal of j
his political disabilities.
By Mr. LASH: The petition of Alexander
P. Eckel, a citizen of Guilford county, North
Carolina, for removal of disabilities.
By Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania: Four
petitions, from 400 workingmen of Johnstown,
Pennsylvania, for the enforcement of the laws
now in existence, and, if insufficient, for the
enactment of additional laws to prevent the
wholesale shipment s>f coolie labor into this
country.
By Sir. MYERS: The petition of Lewis
Rothermel, of Philadelphia, asking that the
Court of Claims be authorized to examine and
adjust his claim for the value of a canal-boat
lost in the service of the United States, with a
joint resolution giving the authority.
Also, the petitiou of Mary Anna Shultz, i
widow of George W. Shultz, late engineer on
the United States steam-tug Reaine. for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. POTTER: The petition of H. Beak-
ley and others, for a professorship of homeo-
pathy in the national university.
By Mr. REEVES: The petition of Hon. II.
P. Hedges, Jeremiah Ludlow, Daniel Hal-
loek, and 7<i others, citizens of Suffolk county,
New York, praying for a commission to audit
and determine the Alabama claims.
By Mr. IlICE: The petitiou of Sarah May-
n&rd, asking that a pension be allowed her.
By Mr. SHAFER: A bill to establish cer-
tain post roads in the Territory of Idaho. ;
By Mr. STRONG: The memorial of Wil-
liam E. Ward, praying for the passage of ail
act authorizing the Commissioner of Patents
to receive and to act upon his application for
the extension of a patent.
By Mr. TW1CHELL: The petition of Ben-
jamin F. White, and merchants of Boston, for
a commission to audit and determine the claims
o  account of damages by the Alabama and
other British cruisers.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 2,1871.
Prayer by Rev. E. W. Jackson, of South
Carolina.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
department of justice.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the annual report of the Attorney Gen-
eral for the year ending January 31, 1871;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
compilation of treaties.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of State communicating iu com-
pliance with the resolution of the Senate of
December 21, 1870, copies of all treaties and
conventions (except postal conventions) en-
tered into by the United States the ratifica-
tion whereof has been exchanged; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring.) That there be printed the usual
number of copies of treaties and conventions as re-
ported to the Senate from the State Departmeat,
and, m addition thereto, one thousand copies for
the use of the State Department, one thousand eopies
fur the use of the Senate, and two thousand eopies
for the use of the House of Representatives.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have received and been
requested to present the petition of the Great
Falls Manufacturing Company, who represent
that they are the owners of the property at
Great Falls; that the Washington Aqueduct
derives its supply of water from that point;
that an arbitration was agreed upon between
the Government of the U nited States and the
parties as to the amount of the damages due
them therefor ; and they ask for an appropria-
tion to meet the award. 'I move that the peti-
tiou be referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have also received and
been requested to present the petition of Ben-
jamin Kingsbury, jr., mayor of the city of
Portland, Maine, and one hundred and seven
other merchants and individuals, prayiug for
the passage of Senate bill No. 1227, to secure
cheap transportation of breadstuffs and pro-
visions from the West to the seaboard -at
uniform rates throughout the year. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial
numerously signed by booksellers, stationers,
and printers, protesting against the publica-
tion, printing, and dissemiBation of envelopes
by the Government of the United States, for
reasons apparently cogent, which they assign.
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
William L. Barnes, a citizen of New York,
praying that elections for members of Con-
gress be held simultaneously in the various
States; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
