1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
oat, and the Senate agreed to my motion strik- j
ing out the preamble. I was on a sick-bed this |
morning when my servant brought me the j
paper and I read that resolution. It is a reso- j
lution that is going to Prussia; that is going j
to France. I recollected that Prussia had re- !
moved barbarism from modern warfare : that j
there is the University of Berlin ; that there is •
the University of Bonn. That resolution, too, j
is to go to France, where there are learned j
men who read your language as well as their I
own. I simply say now that I would expose '
the language of this resolution if it were not
that to do so would be aspersing my country.
1 move a reconsideration of the vote by which
that resolution was passed, simply that the
members of the Senate may read it and see
whether it reads better backward or forward,
whether there is more sense in it oneway than
the other.
1 say it is a disgrace to the American peo-
ple to send out such a resolution so worded ;
and if there is any scholar in this body who
v/ili examine it he will agree with me. I am
very glad that I do not know who was the
gentleman that offered the resolution, because
my remarks might be considered a reflection
on him personally. I do not know who offered
it, and 1 do not want anybody to tell mo ; but
certainly there are some scholars in this body.
1 move a reconsideration of the vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will ;
state to the Senator from Delaware that what
he proposes is not a question of privilege. A
motion to reconsider is a privileged question,
but it differs entirely from a question of priv-
ilege. Thus the resolutions yesterday as to
the Georgia Senators were questions of priv-
ilege, while motions to reconsider are merely
privileged questions.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I make a motion to
reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
must accompany it with a resolution asking
the House of Representatives to return to the
Senate the concurrent resolution to which he
has referred, so that a motion to reconsider
may be entered. The motion cannot be acted
upon while the resolution is in the other body.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I make the motion
indicated by the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware moves that the House of Represent-
atives be requested to return to the Senate the
concurrent resolution of sympathy with France
and Germany, agreed to yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. I was the author of that
resolution. I do not know of anything wrong
about it. I think the Senator, upon reflection,
would not desire to have it returned.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Now, I am sorry my
friend has satd that. I did uot know who the
author was, and I hope he will spare me from
pointing out the inaccuracies in this resolu-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. I would be glad to spare
the Senator if he would spare himself.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 simply say that I do
not wish to point out the inaccuracies: but let
the motion be entered without any remarks
from me, and let the Senator take the resolu-
tion and correct it and send it forth in English
at least. That is all I ask. If the gen tie man
insists, however, I will point out wherein such
n, resolution, coming from the Congress of the
United States, should not be addressed to
foreign nations. I say it is not good English ;
I say it is ungrammatlcal; and it is a disgrace
to the American people.
Mr. WILSON. Is this morning business?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask my friend from
Kansas to take his own resolution and put it
in proper shape.
TheVrCK PRESIDENT. What point does
the Senator trom Massachusetts make, if any?
Mr. WILSON. I desire to know if this is
morning hour business. I wish to introduce
some morning business.
Tito VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
reconsider is privileged during two days after
the passage of any resolution or bill; but this
motion is not subject to debate until the con-
current resolution shall be returned from the
other House to which it has gone. The Sen-
ator has a right to enter the motion, and the
Senate has the right to act on it and decide
whether it shall or shall not be returned.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us act on it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware moves that the House of Rep-
r-sentatives be requested to return the con-
current resolution of sympathy with France
and Germany to the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am willing'that it
shall lie over.
Mr. POMEROY. No, I want to vote now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now before
the Senate, and the question is on agreeing to
the motion of the Senator from Delaware.
The question being put, the Vice President
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I call for the yeas
and nays; and on that I will address the Scn-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
put the question on ordering the yea3 and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but
four Senators rising to second the call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The noes have
it. The morning business will be resumed.
Reports of committees are in order.
XIEPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 472)
for the relief of Mary A. Elliott, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1277) amending
an act entitled "An act directing the con-
veyance of a lot of ground for the use of the
public schools of the city of Washington,"
reported it without amendment.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 290) to prevent obstruc-
tion to navigation of the Ohio river, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, it involving, as he stated, the
construction of a statute ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
memorial of Anna Ella Carroll, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1293)
for the relief of Anna Ella Carroll.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1256) for the preservation and protection
of beacons, beacon piers, light-house piers of
protection, buoys, stakes, dolphins, and their
appurtenances, and other aids to navigation,
placed by or nt the expense of the United
States for thesecurity, direction, and guidance
of vessels in the navigable waters of the Uaited
States, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Texas,
praying that the port of Sabine Pass be de-
clared a port of entry, asked to be discharged
from its farther consideration; which was
agreed to. _
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee os Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill (S. No. 1294) to
authorize the promulgation of the general reg-
ulations for the government of the Army;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropria-
tions. to whom was referred the bill (II. U.
No. 2521) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,18*2,
have directed me to report it back with amend-
I nients ; and I give notice that I shall call it-up
i early next week.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to be good
enough to -take up a bill for the relief of ail
old public servant who has but a very short
time more to live. It is Senate bill No. 1008.
The Vi CE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order. The Senator from
Nevada has made the same request, but the
Senator from Massachusetts asks unanimous
consent to proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there will he no
objection. It is a bill for the relief of Nicholas
P. Tiist. negotiator of the treaty of Guada-
lupe Hidalgo.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have risen with morning business, which is in
the nature of an objection.
Mr. PRATT, from the Com mitteeon Claims,
to whom was leferred ihe petition of L. Rus-
sell and Martha L. House Kussell, his wile,
praying compensation for property taken and
used by United States troops during the late
war, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 129o) for the relief of Mrs. Martha L.
House Russell.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1219) to incorporate the Union
Life Association of the United States, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
j the bill (S. No. 705) to confer jurisdiction on
! the Court of Claims to hear and determine
the suit of Carondelet vs. The United States,
reported it without amendment.
.TEAUUJI ATKINS.
Mr. WILLEY. At the last session a bill
was passed for the relief of Jearum Atkins,
authorizing him to apply for an extension of
a patent, but the bill by some inadvertence
misreeited the date of the patent. The Com-
mittee on Patents have instructed me this
morning to report back Senate bill No. 1271
without amendment, which is identical with
the bill to which I refer, except that it corrects
the date of the patent: and if it be the pleasure
of the Senate, I should like to have the bill
put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as ift
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the biil (S. No. 1271) to amend an act
for the relief of Jearum Atkins, approved July
15, 1870. It proposes to amend the act en-
titled "Aft act for the relief of Jearum At-
kins," approved July 15, 1870, so as to read
as follows:
"That the Commissioner of Patents be,, and ho
hereby is, authorized to entertain and exercise juris-
diction over a petition of Jearum Atkins for tho
extension of letters-patent granted to him on the
"1st day of December, 1852, for a further term ot
seven years from the day on whieh soch extension
may bo granted, and to hear and determine upon
the said petition in the same manner and with tno
same effect as if tho original term of said patent had
not expired, and to grant or refuse such extension
upon tho same principles that govern his decisions
upon such applications when made in due course ot
law: Provided, That before granting any extension
upon sueh petition the Commissioner shall be satis-
fied that the same will inure to the sole benefit ot
said Atkins: And provided further, That no person
shall bo hold liable for tho infringement of said
patent, if extended, for makinguse ot said invention
since tho expiration of the original term of said
patent, and prior to the date of its extension.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SPIRIT-JIETJSHS.
Mr. WARNER. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (II.
R. No. 371) suspending the operation of sec-
tion three of an act entitled •'An act impos-
ing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and
for other purposes," approved July 20, 1808,
