896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2;,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
pass; and I ask for its present consideration.
Mr. STEWART. I have asked several times
to have a bill considered, reported from the
Committee on Mines and Mining, affecting
the rights of miners and defining them more
particularly; a bill upon which I have spent
a great deal of time and which will occupy but
a few moments.
Mr. WARNER. I shall make no objection
to the Senator's bill. This is a mere matter
of public business.
Mr. STEWART. Reporting a bill and then
asking for its present consideration at the time
it is reported is an advantage that is generally
taken here, but which I do not avail myself of.
Mr. WARNER. The Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue is anxious for action to be
taken on this resolution, and it has already
passed the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Nevada to object.
Mr. STEWART. No, sir; I will not object
to anybody's bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It proposes to sus-
pend the operation and effect of section three
of an act entitled "An act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," approved July 20, 1868, until the
further action of Congress, so far as it relates
to the use of meters or meter-safes in distill-
eries.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to know what
that means.
Mr. I(,OWLER. What is the effect of the
joint resolution?
Mr. WARNER. I will state the effect of
it. The act referred to was one providing that
when the Secretary of the Treasury should
designate a meter for the measurement of
spirits it should be obligatory upon all the
manufacturers of whisky to supply themselves
with thai meter at their own expense, at an
expenditure varying from one to two thousand
dollars. The Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue in his last report says that he has made
careful investigation in regard to the matter,
and he has felt unwilling to enforce that law
until fully satisfied, by experimental use, of the
propriety and justice of so doing. The question
was whether the meter was of any value to
the Government, whether it was a reliable test
of the quantity of spirits manufactured, and
therefore of any use to the Government as a
guard against fraud on the part of the dis-
tiller. A careful examination has been made
in regard to the whole matter by testing meters
in various districts, and the gentleman in
charge of the whole matter, W. D. Gallagher,
has made a full report, which i3 transmitted
to the committee by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, and the conclusion of his
investigation is—I read his report—that—
" Without adequate provision for the supervision
of meters in the various districts the continued use
ot' these devices cannot be recommended."
Then he goes on in further detail to explain
why the meters are not reliable and not of
value to the Government. In this opinion the
former Commissioner, Mr. Delano, and the
present Commissioner agree. The effect of
this resolution is simply to suspend the law re-
quiring the use of these meters. It is thought
by some that the Commissioner already has
that authority, but he does not feel willing to
exercise the authority to supersede the use of
these meters.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend fiom Alabama if this very law which he
now wishes to suspend or repeal was not
passed after what was recommended to us by
tlje Committee on Finance as a most careful
investigation into the subject of meters, and
particularly whether the very meter which the
law requires to be used was not thought to be
the perfection of human invention. Were we
told that that was the end of the meter ques-
tion? I should like to be informed whether
that was not the fact.
Mr. WARNER. The investigation which
was had pursuant to a resolution or an act of
Congress did result in providing for this meter;
but recent experience of this very meter has
satisfied the internal revenue office that this
meter itself is not a reliable test of the quantity
of liquor manufactured, that it is of no value
to the Government, and therefore that there
is no reason either that the Government should
buy it or the distillers themselves should be
forced to buy it. The last investigation is the
one which the Senator will find upon his table,
and which is sent to the Committee on Finance
by the Commissioner, giving a full report of
very careful experiments, with the results tab-
ulated, in various districts in Ohio, Indiana,
and Pennsylvania; and the conclusion arrived
at is, that while the meters under a thorough
system ofsupervision—that is, underthe super-
vision of the officers to be appointed by the
Treasury Department, if such supervision were
allowable by law—might be of value, yet, under
the present system, they are of no value to
the Government; that the results attained by
them are not reliable, and therefore there is
no reason for requiring their continuance.
The distillers, I may say, complain that they
are required to pay for these meters when
neither they nor the Government derive any
value from them; that they are as worthless
in their distilleries as so many clocks; and in
this they are supported by the internal revenue
office without any difference of opinion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I remember with a good
deal of distinctness the fact that when this act
was passed we were told—and I do not doubt
with entire sincerity—that there was great dis-
satisfaction among the officials and in the coun-
try about the subject of meters, and that ex-
tensive and scientific and conclusive exper-
iments had been made, the result of which
was that the distillers were to discard all the
old meters, and these new ones were to be
adopted, and that that was thought to be, under
proper supervision, the most satisfactory mode
of security that could exist. I do not under-
stand that it was expected that these meters
should run alone, left in the hands of the dis-
tiller, but that some Government official, at
some time or other, was to come around and
taste the whisky and mark the meter.
My friend from Alabama says that it is
thought even now if these meters were prop-
erly supervised, in other words, if these ma-
chines were properly managed by officials
under the influence of the Treasury Depart-
ment, they would be a great aid to the collec-
tion of tax on whisky, small as it is. It strikes
me that it would be a much wiser thing then,
instead of repealing this law—because this is
a repeal; it is a suspension until the farther
action of Congress, which is precisely the same
thing in legal effect as a repeal; it takes legis-
lation to revive it; it would be much better to
authorize the Treasury Department, if it needs
further authority, to employ the suitable agen-
cies to attend to these methods of marking the
quantity of whisky made rather than to throw
away altogether the little protection they now
furnish.
I hope, Mr. President, that this bill will be
allowed to go over until to-morrow, until I can
look at the reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. THURMAN. Before this bill is laid
over, I beg leave to make a remark.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont has objected to its further consider-
ation, and it goes over under the objection.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator with-
draw the objection for a moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will do anything to
allow the Senator from Ohio to speak.
Mr. THURMAN. My attention was called
to this subject some time ago, and if the inform-
ation I have is correct—and it comes from
men of the highest responsibility and char-
acter—there never was a greater imposition
than iu this matter of the Tifce meter. Why,
sir, the distillers have been compelled to put
these meters in at a cost of from one thou-
sand to perhaps fifteen hundred dollars a meter,
when the testimony, as I am assured, conclu-
sively shows that the cost of the meter is not
more than three or four hundred dollars.
They have been compelled to pay from three
to four times as much as the fair market price
of the meter; and the experiments that have
been made, and the results of the experience
of their use, show that they are utterly useless.
They are of no use at all; but if they were of
use, the idea of compelling men to .pay three
times as much as the fair market value of the
meter is an imposition such as I have never
met with before.
Now I do hope that this bill will pass when-
ever it 'shall come np. It has passed the
House, and I believe that everybody (the Gov-
ernment officials as well as those engaged in
the business) has arrived at the same con-
clusion, that the meter is useless.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill goes
over under objection.
LULLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill at the request of the
petitioner in the case. I do not know that I
shall be able to support it, and I wish to make
that explanation in presenting it.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1296) to settle the
title of Yerba Buena, or Goat Island, in the
bay of San Francisco, California; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1298) to provide payment for depreda-
tions committed npon the Shawnee Indians in
the State of Kansas during the late rebellion;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WARNER (by request, as he stated, and
without being responsible for its provisions)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1297) author-
izing the Savannah and Memphis Railroad
Company of Alabama to enter public lands;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
EAItLY OREGON MISSIONARIES.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to furnish to the Senate any information
in the possession of his Department pertaining to
the early labors of the missionaries of the Amer-
ican board of commissioners for foreign missions iu
Oregon, commencing in 1S36, and other documents
pertaining to the same.
KIGIITS OF MINERS.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 1103) to define and protect the rights of
miners and to encourage the development of
mines. I will state that the Committee on
Mines and Mining have reported a substitute
for the original bill. The substitute as printed
has one or two verbal mistakes in it. I will
correct the verbal mistakes and send the copy
I have corrected to the Clerk.
Mr. FOWLER. Let the bill be read for
information. I may object to its considera-
tion to-day. I do not want to mak® objec-
tion, but if it is the bill I suppose I shall have
serious objection to it.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to make
progress with the bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask that the bill be read
before it is taken up.
