1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
order—a motion to adjourn and a motion for
a call of the House.
Mr. KELLEY. _ I understand that a motion
to adjourn is pending.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. KELLEY. Upon that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 117, not voting
77 5 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aspcr, Barry, Beck, Bird, James
Brooks. Burchard, Burr, Cox, Dickinson, Joseph
Dixon, Dockery, Box, Eldridge, Getz, Gibson, Halcle-
nian, Hamill, Harris, Hawkins, Thomas L. Jones,
Knott, McKee.MciSreely, Mungen, Nihlack, Reeves,
Kice, Schumaker, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Shobcr,
Slocum, Stiles, Strader, Trimble, Van Trump, Voor-
hee3. Wells, Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—41.
jSTAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
nell.Atwood, Axtcll, Ayer. Beaman, Beatty,Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Booker, Butlmlon, Roderick 11. But-
ler, Churchill, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Coburn,
Congor,Cook, Cowles.Creb^CulIom, Darrall, Nathan
1. Dixon,Donley, JDuko, Duval,Farnswortli, Ferriss,
l?eiry,I?inkelnburg;,Fisher, Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale,
Hawley, Hay, llctlin. Holmes, Jenckcs, Johnson,
Alexander!!. Jones. Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelscy,
Ketcham, Knapp, Lattin, Lawrence, Lynch, Man-
ning, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, McKenzie,
Mercur.Eliakiin II. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, William
Moore, Morey,Morgan, Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell,
Samuel P. Morrill, Myers. Negley, O'Neill, Packard,
Packer, Paine, Palmer, Peek, Phelps, Poland,Porn-
eroy, Porter, Potter, Prosser, Rainey, Sanford, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William
J.Smith, WorthmgtonO.Smith, Starkweather, Ste-
vens, Stevenson. Stokes, Stou^hton, Strickland,
Strong. Syphei, Taffe, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend,
Tyner, Upson. Van Horn, CadwaladerC.Washburn,
Welkcr, Wilkinson, Wiliard, Williams, Eugene M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Witeher, and Woll—117.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Benjamin, Bennett, Bigsjs,
Boles, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks. Buck, Buck-
ley, Burdett, Benjamin Butler, Cake, Calkin,
Cessna, William T.Clark. Cleveland. Clinton L.Cobb,
Conner, Covode, Dawes, Degener, Dickey, Dyer, Ela,
Fitch, Fox, Gnswold, Haight, Hambleton, Hamilton,
Hays, Hill, Hoar, Hoge, liolnian, Hooper, liotchkiss,
Ingersoll, Judd, Kerr, Lash, Lewis, Logan, Lough-
ridge, Marshall, Mayham, Maynard, McCarthy,
Milnes, Morrissey, Newsham, Orth, Perce, Peters,
Piatt,Randall. Rogers, Roots. Stone, Swann, Swee-
ney, Tanner. Twichell, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Wal-
lace, Ward, William B. Washburn, Wheeler, Whit-
more, and Winans—77.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. KELLEY. I now move a suspension
of the rules for the adoption of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. That is the pending mo-
tion. The vote just taken, which indicates lite
presence of a quorum, was tantamount to a
call of the House.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I demand the yeas and
nays upon my motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not think
there is any objection to this resolution on this
side of the House, as we understand it. If the
gentleman can stand the repudiation of the
public debt, involved in it, we can. I for one
do not mean to oppose : I mean to vote for the
resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask for the reading of
the resolution before the vote is taken.
The resolution was again read, as follows :
]le<tolve<l, Thatthetrue principle of revenue reform
points to the abolition of the internal revenue sys-
tem, which wa3 created as a war measure to provide
for extraordinary expenses, anil a continuance of
which involves the employment, at the cost of mil-
lions of dollars annually, ot an army of assessors, col-
lectors, supervisors, detcctives, and other officers
previously unknown: and reauires tne repeal, at the
earliest day •consistent with the maintenance of tho
taith and credit of the Government, of allstamp and
other internal taxe-s: and that properly adjusted
rates shall be retained on distilled spirits, tobacco,
and malt liquors so long as the legitimate expenses
of the Government require the collection of any sum
from internal taxes.
The question was taken on Mr. Kellky's
motion, to suspend the rules ; and there were—
ayes 1GG, noed G, not voting 03; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Armstrong, Ar-
noll, Atwood, Axtell. Barry, Beaman, Beatty. Beck,
Benton, Bingham, Bird, Blair, Boles, Booker, Bowen,
Boyd, James Brooks, Buckley, Buffin^on, Burohnrd,
Buidett, Burr. Roderick R. Barter, Calkin, Churchill,
William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clin-
ton L. Cobb, Coburn, Conger. Cook, CowIor, Orebs,
t'ullom, Dan-all, lVakinson, Nathan F. Dixon, Don-
lev, Dox, I)uk^t Duval, Eldridge, F<«rnsworth, For-
nss, Ferry, Fisher, Fitch, Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gib-
son. Gilfillan, GriswoJd, Hamill, Hawkins, Hawley.
Hay, Heflin, Holmes, Ingersoll, Jenckes, John-
son, Alexander II. Jones, Thomas L. Jones, Julian,
Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Knott,
Laflm, Logan, Lynch, Manning, Mayham, Maynard,
McCormick, McCrary, McGrew. McKee, MoKenzie,
McNeely, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Jesse H.
Moore, William Moore, Morey, Morgan, Morphis,
Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,
Mungen, Myers, Negley, Niblack, O'Neill, Orth,
Packard JP acker, Paine, Palmer, Peck, Peree. Peters,
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Prosser,
Rainey, Reeves, Rice, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer,
Schenck, Schumaker, Scofield, Shanks, Lionel A.
Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober, Slocum,
J ohn A. Smith, W orthington C. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton,
Strader, Strickland, Strong, Swann, Sypher, Taffe,
Tanner, Taylor, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Upson,
Van Horn, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wallace, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Welker, Wells, Wilkinson,
Wiliard. Williams. John T. Wilson, Witeher, Wolf,
wood. and Woodward—160.
NAYS—Messrs. Asper, Ayer, Benjamin, Cox,
Fmkolnburg, and William J.Smith—6.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Bailey, Banks, Barnum, Bennett, Biggs, George M.
Biooks, Buck, Benjamin F. Butler, Cake, Cessna,
Cleveland, Connor, Covode.Daweg, Degener, Dickey,
Joseph Dixon, Dockery, Dyer, Ela, Haight, Halde-
man, Hale, Hambleton, Hamilton, Harris, Hays,
Hill, Hoar, Hoge, Holman, Hooper, notch kiss, J udd,
Kerr, Lash, Lawronce, Lewis, Loughridge, Mar-
shall, McCarthy, Milnes, Newsham, Potter, Randall,
Rogers, Roots, Joseph S. Smith, Sweeney, Twichell,
Tyner, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Ward, William B.
Washburn, Wheeler, Whitmore, Eugene M. Wilson,
Winans, and Winchester—(53.
So the rules were suspended; and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LAWRENCE said : I am paired off on
this question with the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who if here would
vote u no." I am in favor of the resolution,
and if not paired off would vote u ay."
RKVISION OF TI113 TAHIFI\ ETC.
Mr. COX. I send to the Clerk's desk a pre-
amble and resolution expressive of my own
opinions upon the subject of a revision of the
tariff. It is a resolution embodying a system
of revenue and expenditure, and fora com-
mission to examine into questions of taxa-
tion.
The preamble and resolution were read, as
follows :
Whereas the Government of the United States was
established by the people for their own protection
and benefit, and should be administered upon the
strictest principles of frugality and economy in its
expenditures, and that no money should be taken
from the people by taxation except to supply the
necessary wants of the Government, administered
upon such principles; and whereas at the present
time the ordinary expenditures ot the Government,
exclusive of the payment of the interest on the pub-
lic debt and a reasonable sum to be applied in tho
reduction of said debt, should not exceed the sum of
$100,000,000 annually; and whereas the money annu-
ally raised by taxation upon the people should not
exceed the sumot $250,000,000, said sum being amply
sufficient to provide tor the ordinary expenditures
of the Government, the payment of the interest of
tho public debt, and $25,000,000 to be applied in
liquidating the principal of said debt; and whereas it
is believed that the existing internal revenuo system
should be abolished, and the sum deemed proper to
be raised by internal taxation assigned in just quotas
or proportions to tho several States, to be collected
by the authorities thereof, and paid into the national
Treasury, thereby dispensing with the expensive,
corrupting, and annoying machinery^ now in force
for that purpose; and whereas the highest rate of
duty on articles of merchandise imported from for-
eign countries into the United States should be levied
with a view to revenue only ; and whereas under our
present system there ore duties lovied of a prohibi-
tory nature,and others with tho purpose and effect of
protecting particular classes, trades, and individuals
at the expense of tho people; and whereas there are
manydutiabie articles which should be entirely free,
such as salt, coal, &c., and the duties upon other arti-
cles should be greatly reduced in the interestof reve-
nue and equitabletaxotion.such as lumber, leather,
pig iron, kc.: Therefore,
JJe it resolved, That the Committee of_ Ways and
Means be directed to embody the foregoin? princi-
ples in a bill or bills, and to report the same for
action at the present session.
Mr. COX. I hope there will.be no objection
to the adoption of the preamble and resolution
which have just been read.
Mr. KELLEY. if the gentleman will mod-
ify his resolution so as to direct the Committee
of Ways and Means to inquire into the expe-
diency of making such a report I will not
object. I
Mr. ELDRIDGE and others. Oh, no.
, Mr. KELLEY. It is now a resolution of
instruction. Change it into a resolution to
inquire into the expediency of such a report,
and I will make no objection to its adoption.
,Mr. COX. I am told that the Committee of
Ways and Means are somewhat like the wolf,
in the fable of the wolf and the laab, upon
the subject of free trade and revenue reform.
I beg to say to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Ivelley] that the reason why I voted
against his resolution just now, which I will
say had my approbation in many respect?, was
because of the ambiguous manner in which he
seeks thereby to keep up a high tariff, and even
to make a higher one. X think the gentleman's
resolution was rather disingenuous. That which
I offer is an honest expression of tho objects
sought by a true "revenue reform."
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will not
accept my amendment I call for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the resolution will be referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. _ This action will not
be a peremptory instruction to the committee,
but will simply submit the whole question to
them.
There was no objection; and the preamble
and resolution were accordingly referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
SINKING FUND.
Mr. C-REBS. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Whereas in answer to a resolution of this House,
passed March 21,1870. in words following, namely,
"Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, directed to furnish to this House, at
as ea.rly a day as practicable, a statement showing
the amount and description of bonds purchased by
him sinffo the 1st day of July, 1869, on account of the
sinking fund; and also at what dates and at what
prices the same were purchased; and also what
amount and what description of bonds have been
purchased in addition on account of tho liquidation
of the public debt since the date aforesaid, and at
what prices tho same were purchased," the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has transmitted a statement
(Executive Document No. 231) showing that from
the 1st of July, 1869, to the 24th of March. 3870,
there had been purchased, on account of "liquid-
ation of the public debt/' bonds of the Government
to the amount of $73,825,550, which cost the Govern-
ment, including premium, the sum of $85,41(5,039 1G,
the price paid in excess ot the bonds purchased being
$11,021,080 10; and whereas thero has been also pur-
chased, under the second clause of thel'ourth section
of the act of February 25, 1802, entitled "An act
to authorize the issue of United States notes and tor
the redemption or funding thereof, and for funding
the floating debt of the United States/' on account
of the sinking fund, iurther bond-; of the Government
to the amount of $20,806,500, for which was paid,
including premium, the sum of $23,820,800 98, the
price paid in excess of the amount of bonds pur-
chased being $3,023,300 98, up to and including the
10th of March,1870; and •whereas it is further desired
that the amount of bonds that have been purchased
on aocount of the liquidation of the public debt and
the sinkingfund,with datesof purchase and amount
paid as premium thereon, shall be ascertained, cover-
ing the periods from the said liith and 24th days of
March respectively, as aforesaid, until the date that
such report may be made to this House: Therefore,
Itesohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, requested to transmit to thisliou&e
at as early a day as practicable, a iurther statement,
giving the amount and description of the bonds pur-
chased by him since the 24th day ot March, 1S<0,
until the date of the report on account of the liquid-
ation of tho public debt, and at, what prices tho
same were purchased; and also what amount and
what description of bonds have been or may be
purchased in addition, since the lGth of March, ]S7i),
on account of tho sinking fund; and also at what
prices the same were purchased; and further,
Jicsolved, Tnat the Secretary be requested to
inform this House under and bv virtue of what
provision of law bonds in liquidation of the public
debt have been purchased by the Government in the
markets.
Mr. MAYNAUD. I must object to this
lengthy document, which is rather a speech
than a resolution. It seems to me that if tho
gentleman wants the information referred to
he had betterread the reports of the executive
officers.
Mr. CR-EBS. I move to suspend the rules
in order to adopt the resolution.
The question being taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules7 it was declared not agreed to.
Mr. CREBS. I call for the yeas and nays.
