898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
to foreign countries as are by those sections
allowed on ram and alcohol.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the bill by adding to it the following
proviso:
Provided, however, That no claim for drawback
shall be allowed on either of the said articles which
shall have been exported as aforesaid prior to the
time at which this act shall take effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concnrred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2805) supplementary to
an act to establish the Department of Justice;
A bill (H. R. No. 2286) regulating the juris-
diction of courts in certain cases ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1460) to remedy certain
defects in the judicial administration of certain
customs-revenue laws;
A bill (H. R. No. 2920) to divjde the State
of Ohio into three judicial districts, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2921) to repeal an act
entitled "An act for the survey of grants or
claims of land," approved June 2, 1862;
A bill (H. R. No. 2922) amendatory of an
act entitled '1 An act for the removal of causes
in certain cases from State courts;"
A bill (H. R. No. 2728) regulating the com-
pensation of criers of the United'States courts;
A bill (H. R. No. 1969) in regard to the dis-
charge of poor convicts;
A bill (H. R. No. 2514) to amend s>n act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States
A bill (H. R. No. 1385) to allow an appeal
from the Court of Claims to the Supreme
Court in certain cases;
A bill (H. R. No. 2923) in relation to the
Fort Gratiot military reservation in the State
of Michigan; and
A bill (H. R. No. 355) allowing parties in
certain cases to testify.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following Senate bills, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A bill (S. No. 141) relating to the records
of the courts of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 995) for the relief of pur-
chasers of land sold for direct taxes in the
insurrectionary States; and
A bill (S. No. 698) to divide the State of
Virginia into two judicial districts.
The message also announced that the House
bad disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1351) prescribing
the form of the enacting and resolving clauses
of acts and resolutions of Congress, and rules
for the construction thereof, asked a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Luke
P. Poland of Vermont, Mr. George P. Hoar
of Massachusetts, and Mr. C. N. Potter of
New York, managers of the same on its part.
The message furth«r announced that the
House had non-concurred in the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2509) to
abolish the offices of Admiral and Vice Admi-
ral in the Nayy, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. John A. Logan of
Illinois, Mr. G. W. Scofield of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. B. P. Butler of Massachu-
setts, managers at the same on its part.
_ steamship line to mexico.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ore-
gon, that the Senate proceed to the consider-
eration of Senate bill No. 683, authorizing
mail steamship service in the Gulf of Mexico,
upon which motion yesterday the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. HILL. I ask for information whether
this is a motion to take up a general subsidy
bill or a particular bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A particular bill
for steamship service in the Gulf of Mexico.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Ames, Boremao, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Fowler, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Hill, Howard, Kellogg. Mc-
Donald, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Spencer, Stewart, Thayer, Trum-
bull, and Williams—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Howell, Johnston. McCreery, Pratt. Sherman,
Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton* Vickers, and
Willey—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Carpenter,
Cattell, Corbctt, Cragin, Davis, Ferry, Hamilton of
Texas, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Revels, Rice, Ross,
Sawyer, Schura, Scott, Stearns, Sumner, Warner,
Wilson, and Yates—26.
So the motion was agreed to.
agricultural college funds.
Mr. SAWYER. I have asked the consent
of the Senator from Louisiana who proposes to
speak on this bill [Mr. Kellogg] to -yield to
me for a moment that I may make an effort to
comply with a request of the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Brownlow] to secure the
passage of a bill, in which, he feels a large
interest, on behalf of a number of citizens of
his State, in reference to the preservation of
agricultural college funds. I ask, therefore,
the unanimous consent of the Senate to take
up House bill No. 2417. It will not take more
than a minute to pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed by the Secretary thai that bill has
not yet been reported from the Committee on
Public Lands. The committee will have to be
discharged from its consideration in order to
bring it before the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. I supposed this bill had
been reported by the Committee on Public
Lands, but I am informed that it has not.
The Senator from Tennessee, however, would
like to have the bill read for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read for information, subject to objection, and
then if it be the pleasure of the Senate to dis-
charge the committee, it can be done.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
2417) for the better security of agricultural
college funds.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that bill should
go to the Committee on Public Lands. It is a
very important bill, too much so to be passed
at this time, and I presume the Senator from
South Carolina does not ask it.
Mr. SAWYER. I called up the bill on
behalf of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Brown low,] supposing it had been reported
from the Committee on Public Lands. It has
passed the House of Representatives ; I have
examined the bill, and it seems to me to be
eminently proper to guard the funds which
have been given for agricultural college pur-
poses in the way indicated in the bill. There
is nothing in it that does not seem to be really
necessary in view of some transactions which
have taken place in some of the States in re-
gard to these very funds. It is to guard them
from being wasted or distributed in violation
of the spirit of the act that this bill is drawn.
While I do not wish to press the passage of the
bill on my own account, especially at this time
when it has not been reported upon, I should
like very much to have the views of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee upon it if he is prepared
to express them. I have no idea that it will
take many minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from South Carolina that he allow
the bill to lie over for a day or two, until Sen-
ators have a chance to examine it. I should
like to examine it myself.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think that would be
better. We can look at the bill, and, if it is
all right, it can be called up again.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I give notice that I
shall endeavorto call itup on Monday morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has not
yet been reported. The Senator from Ten-
nessee supposed that it had been reported
when he asked the Senator from South Caro-
lina^ to call it up; but the attention of the
committee being now called to it, they may
probably report it in a day or two.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to say one word.
I have no objection to a proper bill on the
subject, because I think the abuses committed
have been very great. For that reason I think
such a bill should be extremely well consid-
ered, so as to make it effective.
virginia judicial districts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chaii will
take occasion, at the request of the Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Johnston,] to present the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 698) to divide the State of
Virginia into two judicial districts.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was read, being to strike out all of the
eleventh section of the bill after the enacting
clause thereof, and in lieu of the words stricken
out to insert:
That this act shall not affect tlie completion of
the census of the State of Virginia for the year 1870,
and nothing herein shall affect existing laws or
existing officers except as herein modified and
provided.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The motion was agreed to.
amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. RAMSEY, Mr. ROSS, and Mr. STEW-
ART submitted amendments intended to be
proposed by them to the bill (H. R. No. 2615)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling so-called treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes; which
were referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
steamship line to mexico.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 683)
authorizing mail steamship service in the Gulf-
of Mexico between the port of New Orleans,
Louisiana, and certain ports of the republic
of Mexico.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads have
reported what is virtually a substitute, in the
shape of various amendments to the text of
the original bill, unless the reading of the
original bill be called for the Secretary will
report the bill as it will read if amended as
proposed, and the Chair will regard the amend-
ment reported as an amendment by way of
substitute.
The amendment was read, as follows :
That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to contract with William
R. Garrison, James M. Motely, Francis R. Baby,
Joseph C. McKibbin, Jacob O. l)o Castro, and their
associates, for the conveyance of the mails from and
to the United States, and to and from the republic
of Mexico, in the following manner, to wit: the
said service shall be a semi-monthly service and in
accordance with a schedule of departures and arri-
vals, to be fixed by the Postmaster General. One
steamer shall leave the port of New Orleans each
month, touching at the ports of Tampieo, Vera Cruz,
Coatzacoalco, Tabasco, Laguna, Campeachy, Sisal,
and thence, via Havana, to NewOrleans. One other
steamer shall leave the port of New Orleans each
month, touching at Havana, Sisal, Campeachy, La-
guna, Tabasco, Coatzacoalco, Vera Cruz, xampico,
and thence to New Orleans.
