12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IB,
Mr. MAYNARD. I more that the House
now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn)
removal of louis w. viollier.
The SPBAKEBj by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
la pursuance of tho provisions of tho second sec-
tion of an act approved June 20,1864, entitled "An
ftct making appropriations for tho consular and
diplomatic expenses of the Government forthe year
ending 30th June, 1865. and for other purposes," X
inform Congress that Louis W. Viollier, a consular
clerk,was on the26th day of September last removed
from office for the following causes, namely, for dis-
obedience of orders and oontinued absence from duty
after orders to proceed to his post.
U. S. GRANT.
December 6,1870.
committee appointments.
The SPEAKER announced the following
appointments to fill vacancies on committees:
Commitieeon the Publie Lands—Mr. Strick-
land.
Select Committee on Postal Telegraphs—Mr.
Fermss.
The question recurring on the motion of
Mr. Maynard, that the House adjourn, it was
agreed to ; and accordingly (at three o'clock
p. m.) the House adjourned. •
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
. By Mr. AXTELL; The memorial of R.
Steinbaoh and others, praying compensation
for lands taken for public use.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of Messrs. J.
Knabb & Co., Strickland & Brother, Ritter &
Co., Daniel Miller, and Samuel Hechler, sta-
tioners, of the city of Reading, Pennsylvania,
praying for the passage of an act prohibiting
the Post Office Department from printing and
circulating stamped envelopes free of cost to
consumers.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of William J. Blood, late private ninth
Massachusetts infantry, praying Congress to
pass an act for payment of arrears of pension
claimed.
Also, the petition of JohnE. Parkman, late
a captain's elerk in the United States Navy,
praying Congress to authorize the payment to
him of certain prize-money, withheld by reason
of his capture by the rebels.
Also, the petition of George A. Stevens,
commander United States Navy, praying Con-
gress to be relieved from the operation of the
decision of the board of examiners for pro-
motion, and certain orders of the Secretary of
the Navy placing In in on the retired list.
By Mr. JULIAN : The petition of S. G. Ste-
vens and 85 others, citizens of Kansas, settlers
on the Cherokee neutral lands, praying for the
passage of the bill (H. R. No. 1074) granting
them preemption rights.
Also, the petition of David Mercer and 48
others, settlers on said lands, praying the
same,
Also, the petition of Martha Ann Jones,
widow of Oliver P. Jones, praying for special
act allowing her a pension.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of
George W. Graham, late captain company I
eighth regiment Tennessee infantry volunteers,
praying for pay as such officer.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri: A me-
morial from the county court of Pemiscot
county, in the State of Missouri, in reference
to swamp lands in said county.
r By Mi. McCRARY: The petition of Mary
Viucen', widow of Thomas Vincent, for a land
warrauf.
AKo, the petition of Jacob A. E.Uv.wK
pnvi.'u company C eleventh regliiunt Iowa
\ >!u:iteei'.s, for a pension.
Also, a petition of Mary Disbrow, widow of
Erastus Disbrow, for a pension.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of Ma Rich-
ards, of Indiana, asking for a pension.
- By Mr. PECK: The petition of Michael
Handy.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of William
Cardwell, of Charlotte county, Virginiti, pray-
ing the removal of his legal and political dis-
abilities, imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petitions of Henry
Ludmon and 45 others ; of E. D. Fearley
and 40 others; of D. W. Von Winkle and
97 others, all residents and settlers upon the
Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas, praying for
homestead and preemption rights, and the
passage of House bill No. 1074, and to be
relieved from the operation of the unjust, ille-
gal, and unconstitutional treaty sale of these
neutral lands to James F. Joy.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The memorial of
Thomas E. Scott & Co.
By Mr. UPSON : The petition of Herman
H. Reynolds, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. WOODWARD: A petition of envel-
ope manufacturers and booksellers of Phila-
delphia.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 13, 1870.
Prayer by Rev. D. P. Mitchell, of Kansas.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
Hon. Thomas J. Robertson, of South Caro-
lina, appeared in his seat to-day.
ii00sj5 kill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 350'J) to abolish the
offices of Admiral and Vice Admiral in the
Navy was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
adjournment for l'litf holidays,
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Thursday, the 2'ii instant,
they adjourn to meet again on Wednesday, the 4th
day of January next, at twelve o'clock noon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What action will
the Senate take on the concurrent resolution?
Mr. BOREMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. It is before the
Senate now for action.
Mr. BOREMAN, Then I move that the
Senate concur in the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better lie
on the table for a day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Senator from
Ohio moves that the resolution lie on the table,
which has priority of the motion to concur.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better lie
on the table until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the resolution lie on
the tabie.
The motion was agreed to.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SAWYER presented the credentials of
Hon. Thomas J. Robertson*, elected by the
Legislature of the State of South Carolina a
Senator from that. State for the term commenc-
ing on the 4th day of March, 1871; which were
read, and ordered to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislative Assembly of the State
of Oregon, which I ask to have read.
j The Secretary read as follows :
| Resolved by the Senate, (the House concurring,)
i Tiint a line of railroad from a, point on the Central
| Pacific railroad, at or near tire north bend of tho
| Humboldt, in the State of Nevada, to the iiogue
; i jver valky, in t)re;:<>u. is oi , itai importance to
. tile coiji uses ei "J rmhlidu-lriai inle. of til is St:l! o,
i and our Siiiatois and Rcpu'sentata e in Congress
are therefore instructed to use all possible eforts and
influence in aid of the passago through Congress of
the " Oregon Branch Pacific railroad bill," With the
" Williams amendment," and of any other legisla-
tion necessary^ to secure the speedy construction of
such line of railroad.
Passed by the Senate, September 20.1670.
JAMES D FAY,
President of the Senate.
Concurred in by tho House, September 20,1870.
B. J1AYDEN,
Speaker of the House.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will make a single re-
mark in reference to that memorial. During
the late political canvass in the State of Ore-
gon I was bitterly assailed by my political ene-
mies because I had proposed the amendment
referred to in that memorial, and it was claimed
by some of them that a Democratic majority in
the Legislature was secured upon that ground.
When the Legislative Assembly convened, how-
ever, though there was a majority of my polit-
ical enemies in both branches of that Assembly,
they, with buL two dissenting voices, passed this
memorial, thereby approving in the Legisla-
ture what they had denounced and condemned
at the polls for party effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial will
be referred to the Conlmittee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of the
Pennsylvania Company for Insurances on Lives
and Granting Annuities, executors of Thomas
McA. Fleming, deceased, praying that juris-
diction be granted to the Court of Claims to -
hear and determine their claim for certain div-
idends on stock in the Southern Bank of New
Orleans belonging to the estate of thedeceased,
seized by the United Statesauthoritiesand cov-
ered into the Treasury; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
_ Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present the peti-
tion of John Conley, a soldier of the war of
1812, alleging that he was wounded in the bat-
tle of Chippewa, and that he received a pension
of $2 67 from 1816 to 1827. He claims now
that he was entitled to a pension of eight dol-
lars a month during that time, having received
that from 1827 to the present time, but he failed
• to receive it for that interval in consequence
ji of his want of knowledge of the practice or
requirements of the Pension Bureau. I move
that the petition be referred to the Cofnmittee
on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the petition
of Mrs. Martha J. Willey, praying for an in-
crease of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the memorial of John Thomson Mason, pray-
ing the passage of a law relieving him from
certain liabilities incurred while collector of the
port of Baltimore, through a defalcation of his
clerk; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
papers withdrawn and referred.
| On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, it was
I Ordered, That the petition and accompanying
j papers of George W. Hall and the other owners of
i the bark A 1 be taken from the files of the Senate
; and referred to the Committee on Claims.
war department report.
: Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
i iug, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1119)
' relating to the printing of the annual report ot
the Secretary of War, have instructed me to
reportit back with au amendment: and I ask
for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the Congres-
sional Printer, in place of the tweiitvfive"hun-
dred copies of the abridgment of the animal
report of the Secretary o£ War ordered by sec-
tion one of the aet of July :37, 1800, to cause
to be printed and bound, for tiie use of the
YVar Department, eight hundred full copies
ot the said animal report and accompanying
document':.
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
