u
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
eion are matters that I do not propose to discuss
here or anywhere else. I shall say nothing
about the causes of the war. It is frequently
the-most difficult thing in the world to assign
the true cause of a war. The first great war of
which we haveany knowledge was fought about
a young lady who had married against the wishes
of her parents ; and as there were many Rations
engaged, and a great city destroyed in the
ftruggle, we may fairly conclude that she was
a pioneer in that line of disobedience. Since
that time men have become more practical,
and wars are waged as a general thing for land
or ready money, bonds or other securities, as
the exigence of the case may require. Tamer-
lane and Bajazet seem to have fought to see
who could whip, and curiosity on the same
point may have contributed largely to bring
about the conflict between France and Prussia.
The civil strife in this country probably had
as much cause and there may have been as
many good reasons for it as for other wars.
Whether the useless crimination and recrim-
ination which preceded it were the causes or
only the premonitory symptoms is more than
I can pretend to determine. It came, and
around its banners gathered as brave men as
ever followed the Roman eagle. You joined
hands with those amongwhom you were born,
and General Lee did the same thing—
"In Dixie's land he took his stand,
And lived and died for Dixie."
I shall not notice his important services in
Mexico. I shall not follow him in his cam-
paign in West Virginia, nor shall I linger on
the banks of the James or the Rapidan, at
Fredericksburg or the Wilderness. It is pos-
sible that no man could have accomplished
more with the means at his command; it is
probable'that he could not have had an abler
lieutenant than Jackson ; and it is morally cer-
tain that he believed his cause to be jast. But
his battles and his sieges, his victories and de-
feats, were witnessed by some of you, and they
are known and understood by you all. Many
men have been successful in the conduct of
military affairs. The Wanvieks, the Marlbor-
oughs, and the Wellingtons of the Old World
were successful; but who among them all had
more geuius and less ostentation than General
Lee? Was he not a hero? Was he not a Chris-
tian? Was he not a gentleman?
On the field of Appomattox he drew up his
forces for thelast, time. They were not marshaled
for the fight. The drum did not call to arms,
nor did the bugle sound the charge. Silently,
slowly, and calmly a single figure moves to the
tent ot General Grant and surrenders himself
a prisoner of war. Who will describe his feel-
ings as he looked upon the battle-scarred vet-
erans whose fidelity, unshaken by disaster, was
still true, and who were now like children
weeping for his fell? Most gladly would lie
have grasped the hand of each soldier at part-
ing; but it would have been the greatest trial
of his life. The future of all was shrouded in
gloom, and the lip would have faltered in utter-
ing even the word " Good by." If their
homes were in ashes, his own door was closed
upon him forever, lie passed from their view
in silence ; but his boundless love manifested
itself in the gentle tenderness of his "fare-
well address."
Brilliant as had been Jhe military career of
General Lee, the closing scene of his life added
renewed luster to his fame. Lexington is situ-
ated in a valley of surpassing loveliness; the
mountains rise on either side, like huge walls
inclosing a beautiful garden. Here stood an
institutien of learning which bore an illustrious
name, endeared to him by ancestral associa-
tion as well as by the ties of family connec-
tion. But what was a college without an en-
dowment, without a faculty, without a student,
and in a country where the ravages of war had
left only scanly means of subsistence? The
trustees most wisely tendered the position of
president to General Lee, and he accepted it.
The transition from the camp to the school-
room had been of rare occurrence, but General
Lee was equally eminent in either situation.
It was his ambition to elevate the standard of
scholarship, and to make Washington College
the seat of science and of art as well as of
literature. He was not dismayed by the diffi-
culties and embarrassments that surrounded
him. His administrative ability, his zeal, and
his energy surmounted them all, and the crea-
tion of his genius rose majestic in its super-
structure and firm and solid in its foundations.
There it stands, the pride of Virginia! The
son of "Light-Horse Harry," penniless as a
beggar, had completed a monument to Wash-
ington ! It is not a shaft or an obelisk, whose
cold exterior forbids the touch and repels the
glance of the beholder; but it is a monument
replete with life and light and hope, radiant
with intelligence, the home of the arts and the
sciences, of music and of poetry, with a chapel
and an altar dedicated to Religion and to God.
General Lee was taken suddenly and vio-
lently ill. The paroxysm, however, abated in
a measure, and a gleam of hope relieved the
apprehensions of his family and friends. But
the disease, instead of being subduedjwas only
gathering strength for a final blow. It soon
became apparent to all that his hour was come.
He alone was unmoved by the information.
He was indifferent to the issue of life or death.
He had no expectations and no desires upon
the subject. Here was perfect resignation.
He had been a faithful soldier of the Cross,
and if the order had issued from Headquarters
he was ready to march over the border.
The lamp of life burned low and dim; the
scenes of earth, were closing around him ; un-
conscious of the present, the shadowy past rose
before his vision, and his very latest utterance
expressed a wish to see a friend. Lee whis-
pered, " Send for A. P. Hill." Underthesame
circumstances Jackson had said, "Send A. P.
Hill to the front. " Armies occupied the last
thoughts of Napoleon, and so it may have been
with Lee and J ackson.
General Lee has gone to the grave. He was
buried by his own direction, without display.
If there are those among us who derive com-
fort from casting aspersions upon his character,
they will do so ; but the South and the North
and the East and the West will remember Lee.
The widowed partner of his bosom still lives,
and in her behalf I implore your justice. I do
not ask for anything else. She belongs to a
race fond of bestowing charity, but poverty
cannot force them to accept it. She owns, but
does not occupy, the home of her fathers. Will
you, Senators, remove the bar which excludes
her from Arlington ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not intend, Mr.
President, to dignify this occasion by making
a speech. I suppose the object of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky is pretty much
accomplished. I will say, however, before I
ask for the yeas and nays upon his motion for
leave to bring in his joint resolution, that this
man whom he has eulogized, and of whom I
am reminded by an old maxim to say nothing
but good, and of whom I should have said
nothing at all but for the Senator's remarks,
I think it safe to say has committed the crime
of treason against more light, against better
opportunities of knowing that he was commit-
ting it, than probably any man in the whole
range of the southern States. Instead of being
the child of Virginia and wedded to the institu-
tions ot his State, and sharing her destinies
with a passionate enthusiasm, he was the child
of the people; he was the ward of the nation.
It had educated him, it had fed him, it had
clothed him; it had instructed his military
talents, which he turned aga"inst it at last. He
lived at the capital, and when the capital
called upon him to follow and defend the flag
that he had been born under, and educated
under, and protected under, andhonored under,
he turned his back to it deliberately and planted
his cannon in sight of the capital that he had
sworn to protect and defend.
But I do not desire to discuss this question.
General Lee is dead. I have never wished him
ill. I do not wish his memory ill. The only
regret, I think, that right-minded men who
believe in a country will have, without any
unkindness to him, is that he had not died
earlier than he did, either in his youth or in
his patriotic manhood, or that he had not died
later than that, and earlier than he did, by the
hand of the law. That would have atoned in
some measure for his crimes. I ask for the
yeas and nays on this motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the question
" Will the Senate grant leave to introduce the
joint resolution?" the Senator from Vermont
demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this isa
new proceeding since I have been in the Sen-
ate, and I should be sorry to have, under the
impulse of the moment, p> wrong precedent set
here. I supposed thatauy member of this body
had a right to offer a bill or a resolution. We
may dispose of it as we please; but I have never
before known the right of a Senator to offer a
bill or a resolution questioned in this body.
I have no sympathy whatever with the effort
which the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Mc-
Creeey] seems to be making to reclaim this
property where the defenders of the Union lie,
and which was wrested from those seeking to
destroy it and turn it over to those who were
the enemies of the country; and I regret very
muph that the Senator from Kentucky should
have deemed it his duty to bring before the
Senate General Lee, with a view of pronouncing
a eulogy upon the man who did more perhaps
than any other man to drench the land in
blood. Nor do I propose to reply to anything
that the Senator has said—as the Senator from
Vermont well remarked, to dignify the occa-
sion by entering into a discussion here in
regard to General Lee. I should be sorry,
however, to see a precedent adopted in the
Senate which might hereafter be used to pre-
vent the free exercise of legislative duties by
Senators. The right to bring in a bill at any
time has always been exercised in this body.
1 know we have a rale that requires one day's
notice to be given ; but 1 have never known
that rule to be enforced. Any Senator lias
always had permission to offer a bill when he
thought proper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me to remind him of an instance, a most prom-
inent instance, to the contrary ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is that of the annex-
ation of Texas, which is in my mind at this
moment. A joint resolution by Mr. Benton
for the annexation of Texas was offered in
precisely the same way that my friend from
Kentucky has offered this joint resolution, on
motion for leave to bring it in. That motion
was debated for several days, and the yeas and
nays were taken upon it; and my friend from
Illinois will find that the history of the Senate
is full of precedents, on questions of contest
and of delicacy, for determining the propriety
of engaging in such an inquiry as this or any one
the Senate might think it improper to engage
in, on a vote upon a motion to grant leave.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to mention an-
other precedent. Objection was once made to
a bill introduced by me for the repeal of the
fugitive slave act. Objection was taken on the
threshold to my introducing the bill, and, on
a vote, I was refused leave.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did the Senator approve
of the action at that day ?
Mr. SUMNER. That is another question. I
am merely speaking of the usage of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did the Senate refuse
to allow the Senator from Massachusetts to
bring in the bill, and did he approve of that?
Mr. SUMNER. I opposed it as vehemently
as I could.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. I think it ought to have
been opposed.
