902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
is so great that it is well known no vessel can
sustain itself without a return cargo unless by
an exorbitant charge upon outward freight.
We must carry as cheap or abandon the field
to our rivals.
The Cunard line, established in 1839, about
the time that the loss of our trade with Mexico
began to be apparent, is an illustration of this.
It was at this time that Great Britain became
fully awake to the policy of establishing closer
commercial relations with distant countries by
mail subsidies, a policy which has done so
much to give her the control of the commerce
of the world. At this time Great Britain
granted' to the Cunard company a money sub-
sidy of $325,000 per annum for'semi-monthly
trips. Even with these advantages, that com-
pany began with slow-going, cumbersome, and
economical steamships. Their service soon
grew to be a weekly one, with a subsidy of
ยง900,000 per annum, which they continued to
receive until within the last two or three years,
when, having become thrifty and powerful
by liberal subsidies granted for thirty years,
amounting intheaggregate to more than twenty
million dollars, the subsidy was reduced to
ยฃ70,000 sterling, or $350,000 per annum,
which is now the amount received by that line.
During the same time our Government has
paid this company more than five million dol-
lars for the carrying of our mails alone.
A leading London commercial journal, when
the Collins line failed, well expressed the pol-
icy of England in the following language:
" What will the British Government do now that
the formidable rivals to Canards' ships have been
fairly driven off the Liverpool and New York line,
and America has acknowledged the supremacy of
England in steam navigation ? For some years there
has been a semi-weekly mail communication be-
tween this country and the United States; and the
two countries can scarcely do without such a. frequent
communication, for the American mails are of great
magnitude. Now is the time for ^English capital and
enterprise to grasp at the whole of the mail traffic,
and all the lucrative trade that accompanies it in
the North Atlantic."
One of the most prominent of England's
statesmen, when discussing this subject, said
one of the chief reasons why he favored sub-
sidizing steamships to all parts of the world
was that "this aid secures swift ships, and
swift ships bring back swift orders for manu-
factured goods." Sir, this is a key to the
whole policy of England: to promote trade
with foreign countries, enabling her to furnish
them manufactured goods in exchange for their
produce. As an illustration of this, in less
than five years after subsidizing the line to
Brazil, the exports from England to that courf-
try increased three hundred per cent.
But this is not all. Nearly all our outward
freight and mail and passage money, amount-
ing to more than $50,000,000 annually, goes
into the pockets of foreigners and helps to
build up foreign commerce at the expense of
our own. It i3 a fact well known that we
have had to depend upon the English and the
North German lines of steamers to transport
our mails, for years. The condition of our
postal and commercial relations with Europe
at the outbreak of the present war between
France and Prussia, and the helpless and
humiliating condition to which we had been
reduced, are vividly illustrated by a dispatch
from our minister at Paris to the Secretary
of State, to which I desire to call attention.
When the war between Prance and Prussia
broke out, our Secretary of State promptly
addressed Mr. Washburne, our minister in
Paris, this telegram:
Department op State,
Washington, July 16,1870.
Government and people of United States depend
upon German steamers between Bremen and Ham-
burg and New York for postal communications with
Europe, under arrangements with the United States
Post Ufiice.
Inquire whether, in the event of war with North
Germany, these steamers will be exempt from cap-
ture,
Itejtort by oablo. FISH.
Our secretary of legation at Paris trans-
mitted this dispatch to the French minister for
foreign aflairs in this note:
Legation of tee United States.
Paris, July 17,1870.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit to your excel-
lency a copy of a telegram I have just received from
Mr. Fish, with the request that your excellency will
favor me with a reply as soon as possible.
It is probably known to your excellency that the
steamers referred to do an immense carrying business
between the United States and France. They also
carry our mails to England and to France to a greater
extent than any other line. If they were to cease to
run it would be a serious inconvenience to our Post
Office Department.
I take this opportunity to renew, &o.,
WICKHAM HOFEMAN.
His Excellency the Duke de Grammont, &c.
The Duke de Grammont in his reply says:
"Itis true'that, like all merchant ships, they take
charge of letters or of mails, the carriage of which,
according to the Federal laws, gives a right to com-
pensation from the American Treasury. But this
compensation, whatever may be its form, cannot in
any way influence the hostile and private character
of the ship which receives it, nor, consequently, jus-
tify any exception to the general principle of the
law of nations, of the character of that to which the
telegraphic dispatch, which Mr.Hoffman did me the
honor to communicate to me on the 18th of this
month, refers.
" The Government of the emperor feels, therefore,
regret that it cannot resolve favorably the question
put by the consignees of the Bremen and Elamburg
steamers. However, and in order to save in a cer-
tain measure the complex interests engaged in these
ships, we are disposed to exempt from capture those
among them which are actually at sea, and which,
in ignorance of the state of war, may enter one of the
ports of the empire. I hope that the suspension of
service performed by the company of Lloyd and of
North Germany will not have for the Federal Post
Office the disagreeableconsequences which it appears
to apprehend, as the English and French packet-
boats from Liverpool and from Havre will not cease
to keep up regular communication between the Uni-
ted States and Europe."
If France or Germany cannot carry our mail
in time of war, perchance England in its gen-
erosity will! Here is an acknowledgment of
how utterly powerless this Government is to
provide its own commercial facilities and afford
the means for the performance of its own postal
service. Is not this correspondence a striking
evidence of the humiliating and shameful con-
dition to which we have been reduced in respect
to maritime prestige and power ?
Sir, it seems the Senate can hardly find time
to consider this momentous question; but it
can, through a driveling debate of days and
weeks, discuss some question as to whether we
shall subsidize or grant aid to a party to make
an exploration of the north pole, or send some
roving committee, for political or other pur-
poses, over the country ?
Mr. President, I will endeavor as much as
possible to keep myself within proper limits and
restraints; but it is almost impossible forme to
do so when I consider the indifference to this
question, as manifested in the failure to con-
sider it upon the personal and earnest appeal
of the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, and the special message of the Pres-
ident of the United States at the close of the
last session, sent to us, in view of the war just
then breakingout between Prussia and France.
In his last annual message the President gave
us a special injunction to take into serious
consideration this most vital and important
question, affecting as it does American inter-
ests more than any other question which is
now before the Congress of the United States.
But, sir, let us see how much better the fore-
sight and sound policy of England have pro-
vided her with commercial and postal facilities
We constantly hear it said that England is a
free-trade country, and her policy in this regard
is constantly urged upon us; but England pro-
tects her foreign commerce and her steamship
interest as no other interest was ever protected
by any country, and for the simple reason that
it is the most potent way in which she can
develop her commercial interests and the best
and cheapest mode of sustaining her navy.
Great Britain has running to North and South
America nine distinct subsidized lines, three
of which sail direct from Southampton to the
Gulf of Mexico, one to Tampico, Mexico, one
to Aspinwall, and one to Puerto Cabelloj in
Venezuela. There is also a line between Liv-
erpool, New Orleans, and Balize. Added to
these, there is a line of steamers between St.
Thomas and Vera Cruz, which touch at other
Mexican ports, transporting merchandise and
treasure to St. Thomas, which are there re-
shipped by the Royal West India mail line to
England. Besides this, British men of war are
authorized to transport treasure from Mexican
ports, which is also reshipped at St. Thomas;
and sent by the same line to England. There,
is also a line of British sailing vessels between.
Mexican Gulf ports, carrying merchandise to
Vera Cruz, from whence itisshipped on steam-
ers to St. Thomas.
The French Transatlantic Company also
run a line of subsidized steamers to the West
Indies and Vera Cruz, receiving their propor-'
tion of $1,000,000 subsidy granted to the.three
lines of that company. Besides, some years
since the French Government loaned this com-
pany $5,000,000 for ten years, without interest.
These are some of the enormously subsidized
mail lines which have enabled Great Britain
to stretch her commercial arm, and grasp and
hold against all comers the trade of Mexico,
of Central America, and of the West Indies.
She has subsidized lines running to Brazil,
Buenos Ayres, and other portions of South
America, the Australian line to Sydney and
Melbourne, two other subsidized lines to the
west coast of Africa, and finally, the greatest
line of all, the Peninsular and Oriental Mail
Steamship Company, which alone employs
forty-nine large vessels, forty-six of which
carry mails for Australia and the East; while
at the present time our entire service of that
kind employs scarcely more than thirty steam-
ships, fourteen of which are employed by the
Pacific Mail Company, and it must be remem-
bered that these are all coastwise. With
these exceptions, we have but two lines of mail
steamers on the Atlantic side: one runnirfg
monthly from New York to St. Thomas, Per-
nambuco, and Rio de Janeiro ; and the Pacific
mail, running weekly from New York to As-
pinwall. In 1867, I think, Congress allowed
ยง120,000 to an American line for semi-monthly
trips from New York to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The Brazilian Government had first proposed
to give an equal amount, and our contract was
given predicated on the condition that Brazil
should first comply with that proposition.
The hoporable Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] has said that if thererbe not speedy
action by Congress regarding what is termed
the Australian bill the carrying of those mails
would go to and remain permanently with the
Peninsular and Oriental Mail Steamship Com-
pany, and I have no doubt that such will be the
result. Then foreign steamers will carry all
our mails on the Pacific as they now carry them
on the Atlantic. 1 believe that now on the
Pacific ocean our Government subsidizes aline
from Panama to San Francisco, one from San
Francisco to the Sandwich Islands, and I think
a monthly line to Yokohama and Shanghai.
Mr. COLE. The subsidy formerly paid for
carrying the mails from New York to Aspin-
wall, and from Panama to San Francisco, has
long since ceased to be paid; the contract has
lapsed.
Mr. KELLOGG. That presents a more
striking phase of the case. The amount of
subsidy paid steamships by Great Britain is>
$5,300,000, while France pays aboufc$4,500,'
000. We have the report of the House Com-
mittee on the Decline of American Commerce
as authority for saying that the lowest estimate
of the amountpaidthetransatlanticand Anglo-
American lines carrying English mails cannot
be less than $600,000, and that it may be fairly
estimated that the amount of European subsi-
dies paid to their American steam lines is not
much less than $4,500,000. But, sir, how is it
with the U nited States ? During the year ending-
June 30, 1869, we paid for ocean mail service
