1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
on; to repudiate our national debt and to pay
the rebel debt; to tear off the decorations from
the Union soldiers unless the rebels can be
equally honored. So long as the present major-
ity maintain control they may refuse to con-
sider a proposition to desecrate the Union
graves on Arlington for the benefit of the rebel
living. Now, the time of Congress is con-
sumed in legislation for the interests of the
country and its defenders. Should the Oppo-
sition obt.nin control we may well believe that
all this will be changed; thai then legislation
will look largely to the interests of the ene-
mies of the country and to the welfare of the
families of those who attempted to destroy the
Republic.
Mr. THAYER. Lite my friend from Penn-
sylvania. [Mr. Scott,] I was somewhat in doubt,
while listening to the resolution and the senti-
ments uttered by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, whether to give expression to my
feelings or to vote in silence. A stranger in
this Chamber for the last hour would hardly
have supposed that he was in the American
Senate. He would rather have imagined that
he was in the confederate congress at Rich-
mond six years ago, when eulogies were pro-
nounced upon Stonewall Jackson.
I have predicted during the last three or four
years that the time would come, if the policy
of Congress was not rigidly carried out and
adhered to in the southern States, when the
leaders of the rebellion would sit in these seats
and encomiums would be pronounced upon
their acts. In one respect, the day has come
sooner than I anticipated. The honorable
Senator from Kentucky has thought proper to
pronounce a glowing eulogium upon the leader
of the armies of the rebellion. I listened to
him carefully, and not one word did I hoar
falling from his lips in condemnation of his
trc&son
The linking together of the n ames of Thomas
and Lee was unfortunate. It is true they were
associated together in early life. Both edu-
cated by the United States to be its protectors
when assailed ; both took a solemn oath, writ-
ten down by the recording angel, that they
would forever be its defenders against foreign
or domestic foes. The one—Thomas -nobly,
sacredly, grandly, kept his oath. He fought
for the flag of the Union, and was faithful to
the end. He has passed away. His name is
inscribed on the rolls of immortal renown.
The. other was faithless to his solemn vow.
With perjury in his soul he raised the black
standard of treason, and through all the scenes
and vicissitudes, the dangers and the trials and
the battles of four years, he fought with his best
energies and his best efforts to destroy the Union
whose flag he had sworn to defend forever.
The Senator from Kentucky has no word of
condemnation for this foul, glaring, damning
treason. General Lee isheldup asa model of
virtue and right and truth to the youth of the
American nation. That is what wewitness here
to-day. The proposition is made, and we are
discussing the question of its reception, whether
the graves of twenty thousand heroic dead, who
died that the nation might live, shall be opened
and their bones and their dust gathered up and
scattered along the way, to be deposited some-
where else, to make way for the widow ot the
traitor whose hands were chiefly instrumental
in taking the lives of that army of martyrs who
sleep on the heights of Arlington. That is the
spectacle which we now witness in the Senate
of the United States, before six years have
passed away from the laying down of the arms
of the rebellion ! Thegravesof those men who
gave their lives that we might sit here to day
to legislate for the American people, that we
might sit here in common with the people oj_
the Union in the enjoyment of the blessings oi
the Union, purchased by their blood and their
lives, are to he opened; an act of sacrilege is
to be committed, in order that this properiy
may be given back.to the widow of Lee. Sir,
as an American citizen} as a Senator of the
United States, and as a soldier in the war for
the Union, I enter mysolemn protest against it.
Mr. WIJjLBY". Mr. President, I shall have
no word to say in respect to General Lee. His
name and his life will pass into history. Its
inexorable pen will write his true character
when the passions of men have subsided, and
when mankind will be prepared to examine
the record with impartial eyes.
I have felt some embarrassment in regard to
the vote which I shall give on the proposition
pending. 1 have felt the force of the remarks
of the Senator from Illinois, and for awhile
was doubting whether I should not feel it, my
duty to vote that the resolution should be
received and referred. But, sir, even he ad-
mitted, virtually at least, that if a proposition
in the shape of a bill or joint resolution should
be made to the Senate which was disrespectful
in its character or insulting in its terms the
dignity of the Senate aud our sense of propri-
ety would justify us in refusing to receive it;
and I believe it is a rule that, a petition, to be
received, must be respectful in its terms.
Now, what is the character of this proposi-
tion? It is that the Congress of the United
States shall deliberately inquire whether the
remains of the sacred dead should not be dis-
turbed in their repose and scattered we know
not where. Is thore anything more insulting
to the sense of the country and to the sense of
the Senate ? Is there anything more shocking
to the moral sense of the country than such a
proposition ; anything more abhorrent to the
spirit and charities ol'our Christian civilization?
So believing, so thinking, I have come to the
conclusion.deliberately, while I would protect
the right of every member in the American
Senate to be heard in regard to all proper ques-
tions, that this is so monstrous, so shocking
in its character, that the dignity of the Senate
and the propriety of the occasion demand that,
it should not be received in the body for a
moment's consideration ; and therefore I shall
vote against its reception.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, I shall not
be tempted, by the examples which have been
set me by several Senators, to endeavor to be
eloquent on this occasion ; but I wish to sug-
gest one or two practical remarks in reference
to the subject before the Senate. It is the
undoubted right of every Senator on this floor
to present any proposition which his own judg-
ment and his own conscience demand that he
should present to the American Senate. But
when a proposition is presented here asking for
information upon a subject upon which all the
Senate are thoroughly well informed before-
hand ; when a proposition is made here asking
for information which is open and to be read
and known of ail men, 1 think tiie Senate has
the right to prevent the delay of the proper
public business by its consideration.
It is known just as well to every Senator
what the legal condition of the property which
has been alluded to is, so far as it relates to the
title which is now claimed by the United States,
as it can be by the most, searching investiga-
tion. It is not to be presumed that there is a
Senator on this ilaor who does not know that
that property stands in precisely the samerela
tiou with thousands and tens of thousands of
acres a,11 over the South to-day : and that is, that
itwassold for non-payment oftaxes, andbought
in by the Ulined States under and in accord-
ance with laws passed by Congress. It is per-
fectly well known that under tiie operation ot
what is known as the direct tax act there were
tens of thousands ot' acres in the South that,
were sold for non-payment of taxes and bought
in by the Government of the United States,
and that the parties that originally owned this
property refused or neglected to come m and
redeem it wi'hin the time allowed by law.
This is precisely the situation in wumm tho
Arlington property stands to-dey, and it is
known by every member of tins oouy i.nat that
is its situation. At any rate, it must be pre-
sumed to be known, or Senators nave been
grossly derelict in observing the current of
events.
Now, Mr. President, when we are asked to
take up the public time, to delay the eurrent
of public legislation to consider a proposition
of this character, to make an inquiry in order to
find out what we already know and what every-
body knows ; when it is perfectly obvious that
thi3 inquiry will not change the vote of one
single Senator, nor give him any new light on
the question at issue, so far as the rights of
the United States are coneerned, I think the
Senate has a right to protect itself against this
unnecessary delay of public business, and to
refuse to consider such a proposition.
When Mrs. Lee comes here with a memorial
asking to have the Arlington property restored
to her, aud presents reasons for that restora-
tion, if those reasons are good I shall join my
honorable friend from Kentucky with pleasure
in voting for its restoration ; but when such
restoration is made I shall at the same time
ask that the same treatment be meted out to
thousands and perhaps tens of thousands of
persons whose property lies in precisely the
same position. 1 do not believe that it is pub-
lic policy to restore an acre of this property to
its original owners, unless peculiar reasons
exist, as they may in somespecial cases, for such
restoration ; but when a proposition to restore
one special parcel comes up, I know no reason
why it should not, b® equally applicable to every
other parcel which has been forfeited under
the same law.
Now, Mr. President, I submit that when a
Senator has presented his proposition before
the Senate, and when the Senate have keard
it read, it is entirely competent for j,his body
to say that they want, no legislation about it,
that they want, no inquiry into it, aud that they
propose simply to let it alone, and that this
course is not depriving any Senator of his con-
stitutional rights.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, quite
enough, perhaps, has been said in relation to
this subject; but it seems to me there is one
element of turpitude in this resolution which
has not been fully considered by the Senate.
We are asked, not simply to inquire into the
propiiety of restoring this property to the widow
of General Lee, but we are to inquire also as
to the propriety of removing the dead who fell
in the cause of the Union from that estate, in
order that the widow of the great rebel may
return aud inhabit her old dwelling-place. It
seems to me that that is an insult to all the dead
who fell in the mighty struggle for the Union,
and an outrage to all the living who fought for
the great cause. It is not simply asking that
their estates may be restored to the rank and file
of the rebel army, but that this estate may be
restored to the family of the arch traitor who
left Washington after having been educated
at the expense of the republic; left this very
capital, where, from his position, he was cog-
nizant of all the secrets of the Administration
and of its plan and policy to hurl back and
crush treason, and took with him that knowl-
edge to Richmond, that ho might use it to over-
throw the Government which had educated,
trusted, and honored him. We are solicited
now to restore to the widow and children of the
man who added ingratitude .and the betrayal
of confidence to treason the estate which he fled
from in order to disintegrate the Union, destroy
this capital, and desolate the homes of the loyal
States.
Sir. there is an audacity about this proposi-
tion which even excels that ot Catiline when
he came into the Roman senate as a traitor,
and against whom Cicero pronounced that
memorable oration which posterity can never
forget. And yet, sir, as if the pronosition itself
was not enough, the Senate of the United States
this morning is insulted by having a eulogy pio-
nouneed nnon the leading traitor whose ui,,c^
tion cent hundreds of thousands of the loyal
sens of the North to bloody graves and bud a
burden of debt upon the .country which our
