904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
to the doctrine of acquiring Mexico, and the
principal argument used by them was to get a
foothold in Mexico by legislating in such a
manner as to increase our commercial and
postal relations with, that country.
The question of cultivating intimate political
as well as commercial relations with Mexico,
it will be admitted, is one of grave importance.
With a southern Pacific railroad, which we hope
soon to have, running almost within sight of
the northern boundary of that republic; with
diverging roads penetrating into her north-
ern States, bringing their rich products to our
markets-; with the reestablishing and increase
of our former trade with Mexican Gulf ports,
thus opening the way for a large influx of
our population into that country, who will say
that the intelligence and enterprise which will
go thither, aided by commerce, the great paci-
fier and civilizer, will not soon develop that
country, giving it a stable, permanent, and
progressive government, or by a peaceful and
natural, but sure transition, make its history
at no distant day a part of our own ? Sir, that
is Democratic doctrine, and I commend it to
the apostles of that party at this day.
Now, sir, I come to consider the effect of
this measure on the customs revenue; and to
this point I desire to call the attention of the
Senator from California who has charge of the
appropriation bills, [Mr. Cole,] I consider
that he represents also the Senator from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
and who, by the way, I am glad to see coming
into the Chamber at this moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have been here for
some time.
Mr. KELLOGG. I know the earnest and
intense desire of my honorable friend from
Ohio to advocate any measure looking to in-
creasing the revenues of the country, for we
have just repealed, so far as our action is con-
cerned at least, the income tax, and he was
very ruuch exercised the other day over that
question, and inquired where we should find
our revenue. I propose to point out to him
the direction in which he may obtain a small
portion of it at least.
Sir, it seems to me sufficient inducement for
the Government to lend it3 aid to this enter-
prise iu the fact that the customs revenue
derived from the increased trade which this
line must build up will in a short time far
exceed the amount proposed, to say nothing
of the revenue derived from postage, which
will of itself doubtless soon pay a consider-
able . installment annually on the proposed
compensation. This is no mere conjecture.
The average duties on our foreign imports
in 1869 amounted to nearly forty-eight per
cent, of the values introduced, as shown by a
table compiled by Mr. Edward Young, of the
Bureau of Statistics. Suppose the average rate
of duties proposed by the existing tariff be
forty-eight per cent, on the original cost of
imported merchandise, if the establishing of
the proposed line of steamers should increase
the imports from Mexico $2,000,000 per an-
num it would add $960,000 to the national
revenue, or §810,000 more than is proposed
to be paid; and it should be borne iu mind
that much of the merchandise which consti-
tutes the export trade of Mexico pays large
average duties. But instead of $2,000,000, it
is fair to suppose that the increase will in a
very short period be three or four times that
amount, thus making a very large net gain to
our revenue over the outlay.
Again, it should be remembered that the
largest exportation from Mexico is that of
silver coin. All of this carrying trade is done
by French and English vessels, amounting to
more than twenty million dollars per annum;
and I may state, in passing, of passenger travel
the English and French carry fully nine tenths.
The natural course of this trade is by way
of the United States, saving in time more than
eight days, which is considerable in the matter
of interest.
England receives nearly all of the silver
which is exported from Mexico in payment for
her importations, and thus secures not only a
profitable exchange business, but the exclusive
freight and insurance upon this vast amount
of treasure. It is an incident worthy of men-
tion in this connection that the importation
of the precious metals into New Orleans,
mainly from Mexico, necessitated the. estab-
lishing of a mint in 1838. From that time to
the breaking out of thewar, since which time
the mint has not been in operation, the total
amount of gold and silver coined was $70,000,-
000, of which more than fifty-eight millions was
of Mexican silver, and the coinage of the lat-
ter did not commence until some years after
the mint was established. The silver products
of the mines of Mexico make nearly the cir-
cuit of the world to reach the ceuntries of the
East by way of Great Britain and France,
while the products of those countries come
back to us by the same circuitous route.
Another important consideration in connec-
tion with this bill is that the line of steamships
contemplated will form a part of the merchant
marina, which in time of public danger the
Government can draw upon, thus adding pro-
portionately to our naval strength. Suppose
at the commeucement of the war we had been
able to call, as Great Britain could in a
similar emergency, upon a large merchant
marine, how much more efficient would have
been our blockade of southern ports? Admi-
ral Porter, in his testimony before the Com-
mittee of the House of Representatives on the
Causes of the Reduction of American Tonnage,
stated that " with a few such ships as Great
Britain and France have under their admira-
ble subsidy system, converted into war vessels
at the breaking out of the rebellion, the block-
ade of the southern coast would have been
established so complete that it would have
prevented the confederates from sending out
a pound of cotton and from obtaining supplies
and munitions of war, and the rebellion would
have been strangled almost at its birth."
Sir, this great commercial prize that we are
now contending for, and the recovery of which
in part is the object of this bill, is one of great
magnitude. It is no less than the trade of the
Gulf of Mexico and the countries having mar-
itime front or outlet on it—in fact the trade of
Mexico, Cuba, the British, French, and Danish
West Indies, flayti and San Domingo, Central
America, New Grenada, and Venezuela.
Sir, the trade of those countries belongs of
right to us. The-new line of commerce across
this continent from the Atlantic sea-board to
the Pacific slope has defined the inevitable
tracks of most of the commerce between Eu-
ropean countries and the East. That will take
care of itself. But, sir, south of us the question
is, how are we to secure that trade which of
right belongs to us, and which Great Britain
and other countries have so successfully wrested
from us? The trade of the tropics belongs to
us, because the people who inhabit those coun-
tries readily fraternize with a portion of this
country, the Gulf States. They are in close
proximity with us. They are our natural allies,
our natural neighbors. By helping to build
up and promote commercial intercourse and
commercial facilities between the Gulf States
and those countries, we help to wipe out some
of the terrible ravages that the rebellion has
left in its wake. We help to make more pros-
perous the desolated villages and cities of the
South, to make the hum of industry and the
din of commerce be heard, once more through-
out their borders.
The decline of ship-building, the loss of our
tonnage, and the unsatisfactory condition of
our commercial relations with foreign coun-
tries, especially those immediately south of us,
have of late awakened the earnest attention of
the country, especially the West, which is so
directly interested. The commercial conven-
tions held during the past two or three years,
as well as the principal towns and cities of the
West and South, have, in various forms, in-
voked the aid of Congress. The question how
to revive and stimulate our drooping commerce,,
and how to build up our fast-declining shipping
ic^erest at the least cost to the country, can be
solved in no better way, in my judgment, than
by subsidizing our principal commercial routes,>
or by removing certain restrictions, and giving
aid and assistance, such as England and France
give, to our already badly reduced commerce*
Mr. President, the Senator from New York
[Mr. Conkling] probably has paid more,;or
less attention to the testimony of some of the:
principal shippers from the city of New York;
upon this very question. They testified before
the committee of the House of Representatives
on the Decline of American Tonnage regard- '
ing the best means to build up our depleted
commerce and eradicate this great and crying
evil. All concurred that it must be done either
by what is called a rebate upon the goods
and merchandise used as ship stores by ships
plying between the ports of this country and
foreign ports, or by removing the tariff upon
those materials that enter into the construc-
tion of steamships. Chiefly, however, they
say the loss of our commerce is attributable to
the fact that Great Britain and France subsi-
dize their steamers; and they all concur in
saying that that probably would be the most
useful and salutary remedy to be applied to
this great evil.
.Sir, it has just occurred to me that I ought
to answer a statement made in my hearing
yesterday that bears upon this question, and I
am the more readily inclined to do it, as well
as I may, from the fact that it has appeared in
several New York papers as one of the most
potent and convincing arguments that could
be used, in fact, a regular clincher, against this
measure of subsidies. It is said that we have
one hundred and seventeen ships running from
here to European ports. True ; but not one
of them is an American ship. They are for-
eign vessels. It is said, however, that these
comprise ten lines; that only two of the ten
are subsidized; that only about one fourth, or
that proportion, of the one hundred and seven-
teen ships are subsidized. Grant it. It is
said that is an overwhelming argument against
such a measure as this. I will put those gen-
tlemen upon the stand, and I will ask them,
(and I know I but anticipate the argument of
some of my friends on the other side, if this
discussion progresses,) how it was before the
war. Sir, before the war, of the twenty-two
steamships sailing into the port of New York,
the metropolis of this country, and doing
almost all the carrying trade between this
country and European ports, eighteen were
heavily subsidized. There were but four of
those, the least of the twenty-two, that were
not subsidized.
But, sir, the war intervened, and confederate
cruisers swept our commerce from the seas,
or the little of it that existed between New
York and foreign ports. Another cause was
the inflation of our currency, thus precluding
the possibility of American enterprise build-
ing steamships and making them profitable.
Another cause was the natural decay of all
our ships. These causes combined destroyed
in a great measure our commerce between
New York and foreign countries. I speak
of New York particularly, by way of illustra-
tion, because it is the metropolis of our coun-
try, from whence sails almost all the ship-
ping, and through which we do most of our
commerce with foreign countries.
Now, sir, we have not as yet been able to
recover from the effects of those causes. Our
maritime commerce is in a measure destroyed,
not completely, but nearly; and those foreign
lines have been able to take and absorb and
hold and profit by all the commerce between
this country aud European ports, until to-day
we pay as passage money and as freight and
mail money $50,000,000 per annum to foreign
bottoms. /
