1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
threw out a remark yesterday, by way of sug-
gestion, I believe, in answer to something that
the Senator from Nevada. [Mr. Nye] had said.
It was merely a suggestion, as I understood,
for he clearly had not thought of it much.
Said he, "Suppose we remove all these re-
strictions"—I suppose he meant the tariff,
although he did not say it—"upon the mate-
rial that enters into the construction of our
steamships." Well, sir, suppose we did; sup-
pose they were removed to-day; where would
you find the American capital and the Amer-
ican energy that would embark in the enter-
prise, futile, hopeless, and unprofitable as it
would be, without other aid than private enter-
prise, of competing with the ten lines, embrac-
ing one hundred and seventeen vessels flying
foreign flags, that monopolize in a tenacious
grasp the commerce of this whole country?
Hunt around, if you can, and find those men
who are ready to come forward with their mil-
lions to-day to build up our depleted com-
merce. Where are our iron ships? Who will
build them? Where are the men of sufficient
capital and enterprise to put those ships upon
the ocean? They cannot be found.
Up to the year 1861, when the war broke
out, it was by subsidies and by Government
aid that foreign bottoms secured nearly all our
commerce; and since that time that and the
causes I have specified combined have reduced
our commerce to next to nothing and given it
lo these one hundred and seventeen foreign
steamships. Is that an argument against sub-
sidies? Why, sir, those lines are able to run
now without any subsidy, because they have
got absolute control of the commerce that plies
between this country and Europe.
But, sir, if you do not choose to subsidize,
I ask yau, in the name of ruined American
commerce, to do something. The President
by special message asked you at the last ses-
sion, and in his annual message delivered in
December last he asked you again, to do some-
thing. The chairman of the Committee on
Commerce of this body has appealed to you.
You have various bills upon your Calendar
that challenge your attention and demand
earnest and searching consideration. The
deserted ship yards of the country demand it.
The material interests of the country echo the
demand.
Is there no man who is willing to come for-
ward, in either House of Congress, from New
York, from Ohio, from Illinois, or from any
of those great States which lie between the
Atlantic and the Pacific, and champion this
gieat measure ? Will they sit, stolidly and vote
against taking up any bill and against dis-
cussing a question that really is of more vital
importance, as I said yesterday, to the mate-
rial interests of this country than all other
questions combined?
The Senator from Oregon, coming from the
portion of country lying to the far northwest,
that he represents with so much ability, has
appealed to you, the Senator from California
[Mr. Cole] has appealed to you again and
again, and we of the Gulf States reiterate the
appeal. If you will not subsidize, do some-
thing; take off the tariff on the material that
enters into the construction of steamships;
take off your duties on those goods which are
called ship stores, that are used on outward
and return voyages in ships plying between
this country and European countries. Do
something. Table my bill if you will, table
the bill of the Senator from Oregon, or the
bill of the Senator from California, or the bill
of the Senator from Connecticut, or the bill
of the Senator from New York. But, sir, I
ask you, in the name of American commerce,
do something to relieve us from this burning
disgrace which is sufficient, considering the
decayed condition of our commerce, to make
the blush of shame mantle the cheek of any
patriotic American. If you will not subsidize,
I repeat, remove your tariff; abandon that,
though I believe that alone will be futile.
Mr. President, I have said that in my opin-
ion the best way in which this question can be
solved is by subsidizing oar principal commer-
cial routes. - It is a logical conclusion that if
our Government would do just what England
and other nations have done to promote their
commerce, the results, by parity of reasoning,
would be the" same, and our shipping would
again be able to grasp and hold its share in the
carrying trade of the world both by steam and
sailing vessels.
The experience of more than thirty years
shows a large and increased activity in com-
merce between countries connected by regular
subsidized steamship lines. It demonstrates
that the increased imports and exports are
vastly greater than the subsidies granted.
Viewing the results of the policy of Great Brit-
ain, it is evident that the same policy that has
taken away our Mexican, Central and South
American trade will restore it to us again.
Subsidize steamship lines on our principal com-
mercial routes, and our trade in imports and
exports will proportionately increase. It will
not only increase onr revenue, but it will^ive
a general stimulus to the business of the coun-
try, to say nothing of the advantageous polit-
ical results arising from such closer communi-
cation, with Mexico and the Spanish-American
republics.
The agriculturist, the mechanic, and the
merchant must feel its invigorating influence.
From fifteen to thirty millions of specie will
annually be added to the circulation of the
country from Mexico alone, producing lighter
taxes and affording a greater ability to meet
our financial obligations.
There are many other considerations which
might be urged in support of this measure.
One other only will I urge. This measure, as
a step toward reestablishing the commerce of
the Gulf States, is a positive step in the direc-
tion of prosperity, contentment, and conse-
quent good government there. The industrial
and commercial interests of the South are, in
a measure, still prostrated. She recovers but
slowly from the awful ravages made by the
chariot of Mars. You will say that it is her
own sin she is atoning for. Well, sir, she has
Suffered greatly in the past, and she is still
suffering. Is it not enough? Much might he
said, after all, showing a patience and even
foibearance on her part, under enactions and
hardships, perhaps unavoidable, and for which,
it may be, she alone is responsible. But if
you will adopt such measures as will be effect-
ive in promoting her industrial and commer-
cial interests, in developing all her material
resources, thus enabling her to become pros-
perous, depend upon it you will the most surely
secure good order and cultivate a genuine and
abiding sentiment of loyalty to the Government
and the Constitution, with all its requirements.
Mr. CASSBRLY. Mr. President, an inter-
ruption to which I was subjected when the roll-
call commenced this morning prevented me
from stating the reasons which would govern
the vote I intended to give for taking up the
subject of these steamship bills. I shall con-
sume a moment or two in stating those reasons
! now.
In voting to take np this bill I did not intend
to be committed to the support of this or any
other bill on the list of steamship bills set for
to-day. I regard the general subject as one of
great importance. One of the bills is a bill of
peculiar interest to the Pacific coast, hut espe-
cially to the State which sent me here. In that
view I felt it my duty to vote to take up this
bill, to open the discussion of the subject, but,
1 repeat, without intending to commit myself
to the support of any bill in the present shape
of it now before the Senate, or without amend-
ments. It is probable that some of the bills
now here I shall not be able to support in any
shape.
I do not feel called upon now to refer at any
length to the extremely partisan character of a
portion of the address in support of this bill
with which we have been favored by the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, [Mr. Kei.t.ogg] . If there is
one thing in the world which, in my judgment,
can be and should be treated in a spirit free
from partisan feeling, it is the subject now
before the Senate. 1 regret that ,the Senator
from Louisiana should have felt called upon
in the course of his remarks to do so cruel a
thing as to demolish the Democratic party in
the Senate. Our numbers are small enough
already. We should not be exposed to so
damaging an assault as that made by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana. I should hope that the
steamers in his bill will use more economy of
time, and wander less from their course than
the Senator has'in his speech to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I have
listened with great pleasure to the very able
speech of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr,
Kellogg,] and concur with him in theory ia
all that he has said. I agree with him as to
the importance of the commerce of the Golf
and of South America; that it belongs to us,
and that we ought to take possession of it.
There are two or three amendments that I
desire to offer, however, to this bill before.it
is voted apon. I do not wish to be heard at
length upon this particular bill. I am in favor
of the principle of the bill, and shall certainly,
with one or two amendments, vote for it. But
when the general proposition comes up I shall
desire to be heard at some length on our com-
mercial relations. I now move, however, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pendingthemo-
tion of the Senator from Michigan, the Chair
desires to submit to the Senate two messages
from the fiouse of iiepresentatives. asking for
: committees of conference.
FORM OF ENACTING CLAUSE, ETC.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend -
■ ments to the bill (H. B. No. 1351) prescribing
the form of the enacting and resolving clauses
of acts and resolutions of Congress, and rules
for the construction thereof, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives; and,
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to tho said bill disagree J to by the House of
Representatives" and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
1 ADMIRAL AXD VICE ADMIRAL.
■ The Senate proceeded to considerits amend-
ments to the bill (H. It. No. 2509} to abolish
j the office of Admiral and Vice Admiral iu the
I Navy, disagreed to by the House of Iteprc-
! sentutives; and
j On motion of Mr. CBAGIN, it was
| Resolved, that the Senate insist upon its ainend-
i ments to tho said bill, disagreed to by the House of
' Representatives, agree to the conference asked by
| the House on thedisagrecing votes of the two Houses
I thereon. „
Ordered, that the conferees on the part 01 the
i Senate be appointed by tho Vice President.
| HOTTSE BILLS REFERRED.
i The bill (II. R. No. 2923) in relation to the
j Port Gratiot military reservation, in the State
i of Michigan, was read twice by its title, and
I referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
j The bill (H. R. No. 2921) to repeal an act
j entitled "An act for the survey of grants or
I claims of land," approved June 2, 1862, was
I read twice by its title, and referred to the
| Committee on Public Lands-. .
: The following bills Vfer§ read twice by then
I titles, and referred to the Committee on the
; Judiciary: ,
A bill (H. I'- No. 2805) supplementary to
i an act to establish the Department of Justice ;
i A bill (H. B- 2^0. 2286) regulating the juris-
j diction of courts in certain cases ;
