906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
A bill (H. R. No. 1460) to remedy certain
defects in the judicial administration of certain
customs-revenue laws;
A bill (H. R. No. 2920) to divide the State
of Ohio into three judicial districts, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2922) amendatory of an
act entitled " An act for the removal of causes
in certain cases from State courts;"
A bill (H. R. No. 2728) regulating, the com-
pensation of criers of the United States courts;
A bill (H. R. No. 1969) in regard to the dis-
charge of poor convicts;
A bill (H. R. No. 2514) to amend an act
entitled " An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States
A bill (H. R. No. 1385) to allow an appeal
from the Court of Claims to the Supreme
Court in certain cases ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 355) allowing parties in
certain cases to testify.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolution:
An act (S. No. 874) to reimburse the State
of Kansas for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and provision-
ing militia forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion ;
An act (S. No. 1257) making a temporary
appropriation for the prosecution of the work
upon the improvement of St. Mary's Palls
canal and St. Mary's river, Michigan ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 302) for the
appointment of General William T. Sherman
a Regent of the Smithsonian Institution.
The message also announced that the bill
(S. No. 5$) to pay two companies oF Oregon
volunteers having been received by the Presi-
dent on the 22d of January, 1871, and not
having been approved and signed by the Pres-
ident and not having been returned by him
within ten days (Sundays excepted) after pre-
sentation, it had become a law, under the pro-
visions of the Constitution of the United
States.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 996) to provide for the
collection of debts due from southern railroad
corporations, and for other purposgs;
A bill (H. R. No. 2657) for the relief of
David L. Wright, late captain of company E,
fifty-first regiment Indiana volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2925) to amend an act
entitled "An act to require the holding of
additional district and circuit courts of the
United States in the district of Indiana, and
for other purposes," approved June 30, 1870,
and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2926) to amend the aet
entitled "An act defining additional causes
of challenge and prescribing an additional
oath for grand and petit jurors in the United
States courts," approved June 17, 1862;
A bill (H. R. No. 2927) for the better organ-
ization of the district courts of the United States
within the State of Louisiana;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 487) relative
to school lands in the State of Oregon; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 488) to enable
owners to obtain duplicate of lost evidence
of indebtment against the United States.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After one hour and thirty minutes
spent in executive session the doors were
reopened; and (at four o'clock and fifty-five
minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 2,1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
seneca indians.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to pre-
sent resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of New York in reference to lands occupied
by the Seneca Indians, to be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ?
Mr. PORTER. Yes, sir; I object.
captain david l. wright.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee of Claims
a bill (H. R. No. 2657) for the relief of David
L. Wright, late captain company E, fifty-first
regiment Indiana volunteers. It merely gives
him the difference between his pay and what
he would have received if he had been mustered
in under his commission when it was issued.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymaster
General of the United States Army to pay, out
of any money appropriated or hereafter to be
appropriated for the Army, to David L. Wright,
late captain company E, fifty-first regiment
Indiana volunteers, the pay and emoluments
of captain of infantry from June 30, 1863, the
date of his commission, to March 14, 1865, the
date of his discharge as a returned prisoner
of war, as if he had been mustered as captain
at the date of his commission.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. BENJAMIN and Mr. HOAR. I call
for the regular order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that this is a
report from a committee; I supposed it was
from an individual member, and I withdraw
my objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust there will be no
further objection.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana a question. Is not this case
expressly provided for by general law?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will state, Mr. Speaker,
that it is provided for by general law, but the
construction of that general law renders it
inoperative. Such, I have no doubt, is the
experience of every gentleman here who has
tried to get relief under it.
Mr. POLAND. During some of the last
days of the last session Congress passed an
act expressly applying to every case of this
character.
Mr. HOAR. I demand the regular order.
Mr. POLAND. I am aware that the War
Department treated that act as a nullity, there-
fore I shall object to having any individual
case passed here. Upon a resolution that I
introduced the War Department have sent
down their construction of that law. That is
now before the Military Committee, and we
are soon to have a report from them upon that
subject. I shall object to any individual case
being taken up and acted upon which involves
the question that is covered by that general
statute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope you will not apply
it to this case.
Mr. POLAND. I shall apply it to every
case. We have passed a general law covering
this case; and if the War Department will not
carry it out I want the aid of my friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and the aid of every
single man who has a case of that character,
to compel obedience to the laws we pass upon
that as well as other subjects. I therefore shall
object to any individual case being taken up
and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust my friend from Ver-
mont will notdefeata just claim in consequence
of the wrongful act of the War Department.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must rule that
the bill is before the House. The gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] has made an
argument of. five minutes, which can only bo
done, as the Chair Iras repeatedly ruled, if
the bill is allowed to be before the House.
The gentleman cannot object for reasons.
The objection must be unconditional. If he
desires to object, all he has to say is "I'
object."
Mr. POLAND. I am not aware that the *
length of time occupied by a member in making
an objection makes any essential difference".
The SPEAKER. If a member desires to
object all he has to do is to say so and the
Chair recognizes the objection instantly. _An
argument is not an essential part of objection,
and implies that the bill is before the House.
The Chair has repeatedly ruled that an argu-
ment against a bill, or to state conditions, is
not within the rules of objection. When unan-
imous consent is required all that any gen-
tleman has to do to prevent the bill coming
before the House is to object absolutely. The
bill is before the House.
Mr. HOAR. If the Chair will permit me to
make a remark, I would say that the first sen-
tence of the gentleman from Vermont was thai
he objected to the bill.
The SPEAKER. No. The Chair corrects
the gentleman from Massachusetts. The first
sentence of the gentleman from Vermont was
that he desired to address an inquiry to the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HOAR. While the gentleman from Ver-
mont was proceeding with his argument I
addressed the Chair, not once, but twice, and
desired to know whether the debate was by
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] called the regular
order, but if the bill was before the House that
was the regular order. The Chair is very glad
to make this a test case, because between this
and the end of the session requests for unani-
mous consent will be daily made, and the
Chair desires distinctly to advise the House
that when he asks for objections to a bill, if
a gentleman rises to make an argument on
the bill he waives his objection thereto. The
Chair Iras ruled that repeatedly, and is justi-
fied in doing so in view of all the precedents
of the House.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask that the bill be read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. JENCKES. Is there a report accom-
panying the bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no report. The
simple facts are that this officer was taken pris-
oner, and kept in Libby prison for two years,
when he would otherwise have had his com-
mission as captain.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The question was taken ; and there were—
ayes 47, noes 33 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, underthe rule, ordered tell-
ers ; and Mr. Holman and Mr. Poland were
appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 106, noes 33.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. HOAR. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called, the morning hour begins, at twenty-
seven minutes past twelve. Reports are in
order from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before the Committee
on the Judiciary proceeds to make reports I
desire to say that that committee has not until
