82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] renew his
motion?
Mr. BAYARD. I renew the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware renews the motion of the senior Sen-
ator from Kentucky, which is to lay upon the
table the motion of his colleague to grant leave
for the introduction of this resolution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I call for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. BayaSl, Casserly, Davis, Fowler,
Ilamilton of Maryland, Johnston, Lewis, Saulsbury,
and Vickers—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham. Cameron. Carpenter,
Chandler. Cole, Conkling,Corbett, Drake,Edmunds,
Fenton, Flanagan.G-ilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe. Howell, Mc-
Creery, Morrill ofVermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson,
Pool.Pratt, Ramsey,Bevels, Rice, Robertson, Ross,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Thayer. Tipton, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and W indom—49.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cragin, Ferry, Kellogg,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Pomeroy.
Schurz.Stookton, Thurman, Trumbull, Warner, and
Yates—14..
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on granting leave to the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. McCreery] to introduce the
joint resolution, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Believing that the right
to offer a resolution belongs to a Senator in
this body, I decline voting.
The result was announced—yeas 4, nays 54;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland,
McCreery, and Vickers—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Boreman, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Car-
penter, Casserly,Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Drake, Edmunds, Fenton, Flanagan, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Harris, Howard,
Howe, Howell, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill ol Vermont,
Morton, Nyo, Pattoraon. Pomeroy. Pool, I'ratt,
Ramsey, Revels, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer,
Scliurz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague. Stew-
art, Sumner, Tunyer, Tipton, Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Wmdom—51.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cattell, Cragin, Davis, Ferry,
Johnston, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Osborn,
Saulsbury, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Warner,
and Yates—14.
So leave to introduce the joint resolution
was refused.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. CatherineFerguson have leave
to withdraw from the files of the Senate her petition
and papers.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 14th of
June, 1870, information as to the charges made
by the International Ocean Telegraph Com-
pany upon messages passing over their lines;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
iiisal estate in the district.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is, Ibeliev e, an exist-
ing committee of conference upon the bill (H.
R. No. 1G33) to simplify the conveyance of
real estate iu the District of Columbia and it
is appropriate that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia should rep-
resent that committee on that conference.
I was placed upon the conference at a time
when I was the head of the District Commit-
t'-.'p. I now a.sk to be excused from further ser-
vice on the committee of conference, and that
the Chair be authorized to supply the vacancy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator from Maine will be
excused.
charges against senator sprague.
Mr. SPRAGdiS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War furnish the
Senate with theoriginal papers relating to the arrest
of one Hoyt. duringthe war of the rebellion, for
trading with the rebels in Texas, or otherwise; and
furnish all the original papers relating to the arrest,
and their discharge from arrest and censure,of Byron
Sprague and William H. Reynolds, for alleged com-
plicity therewith, as well as any reports or papers ;
directly or indirectly having reference to William
Sprague, a Senator of the United States from Rbode
Island, as a party thereto, or as to any alleged dis-
loyalty on the part of said SpKAGUEia said matter,
or any other.
Resolved, further, That the same be referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment to investigate tbe same,
with power to call for persons and papers; said com-
mittee in its discretion to report to the Senate its
conclusions and recommendations.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes the consideration of the bill (S. No.
667) for the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best, which
the Senate by a vote of yeas and nays refused
to postpone last evening, and which is now the
pending business.
death of hon. robert ridgway.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
communicating to the Senate information of
the death of Hon. Robert Ridgway, late a
member of the House of Representatives from
the fifth congressional district of Virginia.
The resolutions adopted by the House of
Representatives on the announcement of Mr.
Ridgway's death were read.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Mr. President, since the
last session of Congress Hon. Robert Ridg-
way, of Virginia, died at his residence in
Amherst county.
Up to the breaking out of the war few men
ever exercised moreinfluence in Virginia than
Mr. Ridgway. He was the editor of the Rich-
mond Whig, the leading Whig journal of the
State. He was still quite a young man when
he took the position held so long and with
such distinction by John Hampden Pleas-
ants, a man whom the whole State ofVirginia
delighted to love and honor. He differed
somewhat in mental characteristics from Mr.
Pleasants; and if he had, perhaps, less pleas-
ant humor and geniality he had at least as
much force, vigor, and originality.
Journalism is a profession in which fewer
men acquire eminence than any other. To
conduct a daily paper with success, to make
it a power in the land, requires a rare com-
bination of qualities. This combination Mr.
Ridgway possessed. He had it in common
with Ritchie and Pleasants, who were contem-
poraries, and the oracles of their respective
parties, and in common with John M. Daniel,
who was his contemporary.
When Mr. Ridgway was elected to Congress
the State had not yet been allowed representa-
tion. The political situation was full of diffi-
culty ; the questions arising were without pre-
cedent. Much was expected of him. His
abilities were acknowledged, aud his acquaint-
ance with public affairsand the political history
of the country very great. Yet the hopes that
followed him to these Halls were not realized.
When he first took his seat the seeds of the
disease of which he died were already in him.
He did not have the health or strength to ren-
der his country the service his people expected
of him. And having lingered long and suffered
much, he sank at last into the long sleep of
death.
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. President, I rise to add
my tribute to the memory of Robert Ridgway.
I knew him long and well. As a man he was
truthful and patriotic; as a friend earnest and
faithful; as a brother kind and affectionate;
as a son loving, dutiful, and devoted. He was
my friend when living; I will cherish his mem-
ory now that he is dead. In the struggle for
supremacy between the old Whig and Demo-
cratic parties I have fought under his lead.
He was an earnest advocate of "th« Union
and Constitution, and the enforcement of the
laws;" and as editor of the Richmond Whig
his writings were pointed with wit as keen as
the cimeter of Saladin, and showed that he
possessed the ability to wield the battle-ax of
Richard. As a journalist he had few equals
and no superior. No one in Virginia labored
more earnestly to avert the calamitous results
of secession than he, and when the wicked
strife commenced he retired to his secluded
home, where he remained until the end of the
war, mourning over the folly of a measure con-
ceived in sin, brought forth in iniquity, and
baptized in the best blood of the nation. His
representative life had scarcely begun when the
disease which terminated his mortal existence
commenced its direful work. Had he lived
there is no doubt of his success as a legislator.
May we nothope that the prayers of his mother,
"one of the angels who walk among us un-
awares," have been answered, and hat he real-
ized the truth of that most grand and sublime
sentence ever uttered upon earth, 4iI am the
resurrection and the life: he that believeth in
me, though he were dead, yet shall he live?"
I move the adoption of the following resolu-
tions :
Resolved, That the Senate has received with pro-
found sensibility the announcement of the untimely
death of Hon. Robekt Ridgway, late a member of
the Houseof Representatives from the fifth congres-
sional district of the State of Virginia.
Resolved, That, from a sincere desire of showing
every mark of respect for the memory of Hon. Rob-
ert Ridgway the members and officers of the Sen-
ate will go into mourning by the usual mode of
wearing crape on the left arm.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to communicate a copy of these resolutions
to the family of the deceased.
Resolved, Tha t as a farther mark of respect to the
memory of Mr. Ridgway the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were adopted unanimously,
and the Senate (at three o'clock and ten min-
utes p. m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 13, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Buti.ee.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message pboh tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed, without
amendment, a bill (H. R. No. 272) for the
relief of Alfred E. Brooks, postmaster at
Ilion, New York ; and a bill (H. R. No. 886)
for the relief of Lawrence L. Merry, collector
of internal revenue for the twentieth district of
New York.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 128) for the relief of Jane
Northridge; and
A bill (S. No. 673) for the relief of Nicholas
M. Page, executor of Samuel Miller, of Camp-
bell county, Virginia.
swamp lands in california.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented and had read in open House the follow-
ing petition:
To the honorable body in Congress assembled :
We, your petitioners, residents of the county of
Colusa, valley of the Sacramento, State of California
would most humbly petition and ask that our rights'
as old residents upon United States Government
lands shall be preserved and protected. Whereis
certain capitalists and land speculators are seeking
to take from us our rights,(among which isthe light
to preempt the public lands of the United States at
the Government price ) by securing to themselves
saidlands as swamp and overflow lands ; and whereas
we, your humble petitioners, have settled said lands
and made many valuable improvements thereon, in
good taith, firmly believing we would have the right
to purchase said lands subject to the same rules and
regulations governing other United States public
lands, knowing no reason to thecontrary: therefore,
li Wje w a"owed our right to enter them as public
lands, BUbj«ct to preemption, to lapse, It was through
