908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2j
executive orders of August 8 and October 14,
1865, shall be required by the Secretary of
War to liquidate their indebtedness upon the
terms now in force, without consideration or
recognition in the least degree of any claim
for property taken from or for damage to or
for use  f any railroad, or' rolling-stock, or
other property, by reason of its occupation
and use by the United States, to the end that
payment shall be made according to existing
bonds of said railroad companies and in de-
fault thereof the United States shall exercise
its legal right to possession, control, and dis-
posal ; and it is hereby made the duty of the
Secretary .of War, and authority is hereby
granted him, to enforce the provisions and pen-
alties of said bonds, provided, however, that
the Secretary of War may modify the exist-
ing terms of payment by granting extensions
in the time thereof whenever he shall deem
it for the interest of the United States so to
do. The third section provides that the sale of
the rolling-stock and other railroad property
to the railroad companies in the States lately
in rebellion, upon the terms and conditions
of the orders before mentioned, is hereby
approved and confirmed, and the adjustment
and settlement of all matters pertaining to the
indebtedness of any railroad company for pur-
chase of railway rolling-stock and other mate-
rial under the aforesaid orders, and for all
expenditures for repairs made upon any rail-
road or rolling-stock, shall be made by the
War Department, under such rules and regu-
lations as the Secretary of War may make.
The fourth section provides that all moneys
that are due or that may become due any
indebted railroad company for the transport-
ation of troops, military supplies, and property
of the United States shall, under such rules
and regulations as the Secretary of War may
make, be applied to the discharge of the in-
debtedness of.said railroad company; and all
moneys that are or that may become due any
indebted railroad company for the transporta-
tion of the mails of the United States shall be
paid to the War Department, to be applied to
the discharge of said indebtedness.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Whereas certain suits are now pendiDg in the
United States courts within the State of Tennessee
against certain railroad corporations in that State,
on account of property sold to said corporations by
the Government, which suits are contested by the
defendant corporations; and whereas it is for the
interest of the Government to speedily adjust and
colicct tho claims of the United States while avoid-
ing litigation and loss by the insolvency of any such
railroad: Therefore,
Be %t enacted by the Senate and House of liepreaeiita-
lives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required, if he shall deem it advis-
able, by and with the advice of the counsel of record
in such suits, to compromise, adjust, and settle the
sam<; upon such terras, as to amount and time of
payment, as may be just and equitable and best cal-
culated to protect the interests of the Government.
Mr. MERCUR. I call the previous question.
Mr. ARNELL. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon the previous question now.
The question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question; and upon *a
division there were—ayes 79, noes 3; no quo-
rum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Mebcur and
Mr. Arxell were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes one hundred
and eight, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the substitute was
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUPLICATION OF GOVERNMENT-BONDS, ETC.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 489) to enable the owners to obtain dupli-
cate of lost evidence of indebtment against
the United States; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be' engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read. The first sec-
tion directs the Secretary of the Treasury,
whenever it is proved by satisfactory evidence
that any bond or evidence of indebtment of
the United States, issued for valuable consid-
eration in pursuance of law, has. been lost or
destroyed, so that the same is not in circula-
tion or held by any person as his own prop-
erty, and if the evidence of indebtment be a
coupon bond, then the coupons thereof must
not have been presented for payment within
three years, to issue a duplicate of said bond or
evidence of indebtment, to be so marked, of
like amount, and bearing like interest as the
bond or certificate of indebtment s<3 proved
to be lost or destroyed, but which evidence
of indebtment in duplicate shall not be trans-
ferable ; and if a coupon bond it shall be so
marked or stamped as not transferable ; and
provides that the owner of such missing bond
or evidence of indebtment shall file in the
Treasury a bond in a penal sum equal to the
amount of said missing bond or evidence of
indebtment, and the interest which would
accrue thereon until the principal thereof is
due and payable, with two good and sufficient
sureties, residents of the United States, to the
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
with condition to indemnify and save harmless
the United States from any claim because of
the said lost or destroyed bond or evidence of
indebtment. The second section provides that
whenever it is proved by satisfactory evidence
that any duly registered bond issued by the Uni-
ted States has been stolen, lost, or destroyed,
the Secretary of the Treasury shall be author-
ized to issue to the owner of such bond, his legal
representatives or assigns, a duplicate thereof,
to bfe so marked, which duplicate shall be
registered and transferable in like manner as
the original bond ; provided that the person
or party to whom such duplicate bond shall
be issued shall file a bond of indemnity, as
required by the first section of this act.
Mr. KELLOGG. This joint resolution
meets the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and is so guarded that I think there
can be no objection to it.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURTS.
Mr. KELLOGG also, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2927) for the better organization of the dis-
trict courts of the United States within the
State of Louisiana; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides, in the first section, that for
the more convenient transaction of business
in the courts of the United States within the
State of Louisiana, the State shall be divided
into two judicial districts in the manner follow-
ing: the parishes of Rapides, Grant, Natchi-
toches, Sabine, De Soto, Caddo, Bossier, Bien-
ville, Winn, Claiborne, Jackson, Union, More-
house, Richland, Ouachita, Caldwell, Cata-
houla, Franklin, Tensas, Madison, and Car-
roll, shall compose one district, to be called
the northern district of Louisiana, and the
remaining part of the State shall compose
another district to be called the eastern dis-
trict of Louisiana ; and all criminal actions or
civil suits, either in law or equity, which have
arisen in the northern district, or against per-
sons therein, or concerning landssituated there-
in, together with all process, writs, or recogni-
zances, and records belonging thereto, shall be
transferred to the northern district; and all-
civil suits hereafter instituted against persons
residing in-the northern district, or suits con-
cerning lands situated in the same, in the courts
of the United States, shall be in that district;
and there shall be held annually, in the district,
two stated sessions of court, to wit, at Mon-
roe, on.the first Mondays of May and Novem-
ber in each year; and a person learned in the
law, residing in the northern district, shall be
appointed by the President of the United
States, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, judge thereof, with a Salary of
$3,500 per annum, payable semi-annually,
with the same powers and duties as the dis-
trict judge of the United States for the district
of Louisiana as it.now exists, and such as are
conferred upon him, or required of him, by
this act, who is required to hold said terms,
and authorized and required to hold special
sessions of the said court in the said northern
district for the trial of civil and criminal cases
whenever he may deem it expedient; that all
processes, writs, and recognizances of every
kind, whether respecting juries, witnesses, bail,
or otherwise, which relate to cases to be tried
at such special sessions shall be considered
as belonging to such sessions in the same man-
ner as if they had been issued or taken with
reference thereto; that any special session
may be adjourned to any time or times pre-
vious to the next stated meeting of the district
court for the districts; that all business pend-
ing for trial at any special court shall, at the
close thereof, be considered as of course re-
moved to the next stated term of the court;
that the district court in the northern district
shall perform all the duties and possess all the
powers of circuit courts of the United States
for the State of Louisiana, except in cases of
appeal and writs of error, and the judge shall
appoint a clerk of the court in the northern
district, who shall reside and keep the records
of the court at that place, and shall receive
for the services performed by him the same
fees and compensation that are allowed to the
clerk of said court holding its sessions in New
Orleans, in the same State, and shall be sub-
ject in every respect to the same restrictions
and responsibilities. The district court for the
eastern district is to be held in New Orleans
as heretofore; and it shall be the duty of the
clerks of the district and circuit courts of the
United States in New Orleans to transmit by
some safe conveyance, or deliver to the clerks
of the northern district, or to their order, the
original papers in alt such cases as properly
belong to the court in the northern district by
the provisions of this act, together with a tran-
script of the proceedings had therein. The
second section provides that the President of
the United States be authorized, by and with
the consent and advice of the Senate, to ap-
point one person as marshal and one as dis-
trict attorney for the northern judicial district
of Louisiana, created by this act, and that the
terms of appointment and service, together
with the duties and responsibilities of the
marshal and district attorney, respectively, for
the district aforesaid, shall be in all respects
the same within their district, as to the terms
of appointment and services, the duties and
responsibilities of the marshal and district
attorney, respectively, of the present distriet
of Louisiana; and the marshal is to receive
such fees and emoluments as are received, by
the marshal of the United States for thef State
of Louisiana; and the district attorney is to
receive an annual compensation of $2&Q and
the same fees and emoluments as are allowed
to the attorney of the United States for the
distriet of Louisiana. The third section pro-
vides that this act shall not affect the comply-
