1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
tion of the census of the State of Louisiana
for 1870, nor affect existing laws or offices
except as herein modified and provided.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know the speeial
merits of this bill 
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to say just'one
word of explanation, which may save the
necessity of taking up the morning hour in the
discussion of this bill. It substantially restores
the northern district of Louisiana, which ex-
isted as a separate judicial district from 1849,
when it was established, until 1806. It was
formerly the western district. We propose
now to restore it under the name of the north-
ern district. In restoring it we provide for the
lowest salary now authorized by law. It has
been found that, by reason of the vast extent
of the State of Louisiana, there ia an absolute
denial of justice with this district abolished.
Mr. DA. WES. That does not quite meet the
suggestion I was about to make; and I will
state it to the House. Iknow, Mr. Speaker, that
this bill restores the old district; but in 186(5
it was thought that Louisiana could be con-
solidated into one judicial district. I want to
call attention to the fact that we yesterday
provided for three districts in Ohio, involving
the expense of the salaries of judges and mar-
shals and all the appurtenances of a court
and the outlay for court-houses, or places in
which to hold courts, in different parts of the
State. It is proposed to divide the State of
Pennsylvania into three districts. We have
within a couple of years divided the State of
New York into three -districts. When, in
1866 
Mr. KELLOGG. I cannot allow further
time to be occupied in the discussion of this
bill. I call for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I believe I am on the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Kellogg] is on the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG. I did not yield the floor
except for a question.
Mr. DAWES. Will not the gentlemau per-
mit me 
Mr. KELLOGG. The gentleman occupies
in debate twenty-four hours to my twenty-four
seconds. I think this bill is right; bat I have
no time, near the close of the morning hour,
to discuss it. It is found that a denial of jus-
tice results from the abolition of the district.
The bill simply proposes the restoration of
the district. I call for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I do not question the gentle-
man's sincerely but I desire, if the House
will permit me 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Kellogg] demands the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. I submit, Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut declines to yield.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any further
debate.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 61, noes 36; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kellogg
and Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes ninety-seven, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reeonsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
verba buena island.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary a joint
resolution (H. R, No. 489) relating to the title
of the Yerba Buena Island; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
tennessee judicial districts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary
a bill (H. ft. No. 1573) to divide the State of
Tennessee into two judicial districts;
The bill was read. It provides in the first sec-
tion that the State of Tennessee be divided by
a line extending from the boundary line of the
State of Kentucky, between the counties of
Macon, Smith; De Kaib, Cannon, Coffee, and
Franklin on the east, and the counties of Sum-
ner, Wilson, Rutherford, Bedford, and Lin-
coln on the west, to the boundary line of the
State of Alabama into two judicial districts, to
be known as the eastern district of Tennessee ;
and there shall be appointed for each district,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, a district judge, a district attorney, and a
marshal, who shall severally hold their office
and secure compensation as now provided by
law for such officers. The second section pro-
vides that in and for the eastern district of
Tennessee there shall be held at Knoxville, at
Chattanooga, and at McMinnville, eaeh year,
two terms of the district court and two terms
of the circuit court, as follows: at McMinnville
the district court shall be held on the first
Mondays, and the circuit court on the second
Mondays of March and September; at Chat-
tanooga the district court shall be held on the
first Mondays, and the circuit court on the sec-
ond Mondays of April and October; and at
Knoxville the district court shall be held on
the first Mondays, and the circuit court on the
second Mondays of May and November. In
and for the western district of Tennessee there
shall be held at Huntingdon, at Memphis, and
at Nashville, each year, two terms of the dis-
trict court, two terms of the circuit court, as
follows: at Huntingdon the district court shall
be held on the first Mondays, the circuit court
on the second Mondays of March and Septem-
ber; at Memphis the district court shall be
held on the first Mondays, and the circuit court
on the second Mondays of April and Octo-
ber; and at Nashville the district court shall
be held on the third Mondays, and the cir-
cuit court on the fourth Mondays of May and
November; and all process issued by either of
said courts in each of the said districts shall
have and be valid and effective throughout the
entire district when issued for each of said
courts. A clerk shall be appointed by the
judge of each court. The third section pro-
vides that all suits now pending, and all pro-
ceedings, civil or criminal, begun in either of
the courts at Knoxville, Nashville, or Mem-
phis, shall not, by reason of anything ia this
act, abate ; but the same shall continue in the
courts at these places, respectively, in the same
plight and condition as at the passage of this
act; and all the records of the said courts,
respectively, shall remain and be preserved
as the records of the courts held at the same
places, to the end that all judgments may be
executed and all process returned. All re-
cognizances, appearance, bail, and process of
any kind heretofore entered into or issued
before as from either of the said courts shall
be returnable to the first term of court to be
held at the same places, respectively, under
the provisions of this act. And the judges,
respectively, may make all necessary rules
and orders for the trial and final disposition
of all such causes as the ends of justice shalt
require. The fourth section provides that the
present district attorneys aud marshals shall,
notwithstanding anything in this act con-
tained, continue to hold their offices duringthe
remainder of their unexpired term, and shall
officiate as follows: the district attorney and
marshal of East Tennessee at Knoxville and
Chattanooga; the district attorney and mar-
shal of Middle Tennessee at McMinnville and
Nashville ; the district attorney and marshal
of West Tennessee at Huntingdon and Mem-
phis. But when removed offices shall beeome
vacant by death, resignation, or removal by the
expiration of the term, or otherwise vacated,
no appointment shall be made except in con-
formity with the provisions of the first sec-
tion of this act. The fifth and concluding sec-
tion provides that the first, second, and third
sections of an act approved January 31, 1797,
entitled " An act giving effect to the laws of
the United States within the State of Tennes-
see," and the act amendatory thereof, approved
February 19, 1799, and the sixteenth, seven-
teenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, and
twenty-first sections of an act approved April
29, 1802. entitled ">An act to amend the
judicial system of the United States," and the
act approved June 18, 1838, entitled "An act
to require the judge of the district court of
East and West Tennessee to hold a court at
Jackson in said State," and all other acts and
parts of acts establishing district and eireuit
courts in said State, as regulating the terms
thereof, are hereby repealed.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to ask the
gentleman who has the bill in charge what the
practical effect of it will be ? Does it propose
to legislate in an unconstitutional way——
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire to state, for the information
of the House, my understanding of the bill.
There are three judicial districts now in Ten-
nessee and only one judge to the three dis-
tricts. He is a perambulatory judge. This
provides for another judge, leaving the present
judge in one of the districts. It does not
legislate any one out of office.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does not this bill pro-
vide for another judge in the district in which
Judge Trigg now resides?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
It keeps the present district attorneys and
marshals in office.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to move an amendment in these words:
Provided, That the judge now in offioe shall not he
removed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Has not the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
same information as the Chair.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order
of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to make a report
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to make an inquiry
of my colleague.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order: that
the gentleman from Massachusetts cannot
withdraw the bill except by consent of the
House.
The SPEAKER. He can withdraw it before
any decision has been had thereon.
Mr. BINGHAM. I supposed I had the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. BINGHAM. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has. The Chair again
advises the House that the business of the
morning hour will not be interrupted at the
expiration of the morning hour unless some
gentleman rises to call up some more priv-
ileged question. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Wilsos] calls up the St. Croix and Lake
Superior Railroad Company, which is the
regular order after the morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
