1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
no lack of ours, your humble petitioners, but owing
solely and entirely to the fact th/it the land is not
now and never has been swamp and overflow; hence,
we, your humblepetitioners, supposed we could pro-
cure the title in the usual way with such land; and
whereas we, your humble petitioners, having made
many valuable improvements thereon, we should
deem it a most grievous wrongto now have our rights
taken from us, together with the results of years of
toil, at one fell swoop; hcnce we would most humbly
ask that said lands, instead of being perverted from
their natural market, the &onu./fcfesettlorg, and given
over to speculators, who have taken advantage of the
pood faith of said settlers by seeking to get sa.id land
transferred to the State, and from ihe State to them-
selves, (the speculators,) as swamp and overflow land,
to the entire exclusion of all the rights of paid set-
tlers in and to said lands—rights accruing to them
through many years of occupancy Rod improvement
thereon ; and whereas we, your humble petitioners,
kn jwing it to be the policy of the Government to
preserve its landsfor its settlers, would most humbly j
request that, as these lands are good tillable londs, .
our rights in and to said laiidsbo protected; that they !
shall noi be set aside by speculators, a proceeding so !
entirely contrary to all precedents of the Government, i
The petition was referred to the Committee |
on the Public Lands.
RKDEMPTI0X 01? TOKEN COINS
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. 11. No. 2515) to provide for the
redemption of copper and other token coins ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee or. Coinage, Weights,
and Measures.
Mr. ALLISON. That bill should be passed
immediately, as it is a very important one.
DISTRICT JAIL.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of House bill No. 606, to amend
the act entitled "An act authorizing the con-
struction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia," approved July 25, 1866; and that
the game he referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
DEGKEKS OF M URDU It IN THIZ "DISTRICT.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, re-
ported back a substitute for a bill (II. R. No.
2012) to define the degrees of murder iu the
District of Columbia; .which was ordered to
be printed and recommitted.
SKTTLKR3 ON CllEllOKKK NKUTRAL LAND?.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I present four petitions
of settleis upon the Cherokee neutral lands in
Kansas, asking for relief. They are all alike,
and I ask that one be read for the information
of the House.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read
as follows:
To the honorable Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United Slates of America in Congrens assem-
bled:
We, the undersigned settlers on the Cherokee neu-
tral lands in Kansas, do hereby petition your hon-
orable bodies to pass the bill (II. R. No. 1074) now
pending in the lower liou^e of Congress for our
relief. For full paiticulars respecting our rights as
actual bona fide settlers upon these lands, we b^g
leave to respectfully refer to the report.of lion. J. P.
<J. Shanks, of Indiana, at your last session. _ As Amer-
ican citizens, devoted to the ciusc of liberty and
freedom ; as ex-United States soldiers who stood by
the flag of our Union in the darkest hour of its peril;
a portion of the people of this nation, and in tho
name of tiod, justice, and humanity, we once more
anpeal to Congress for simple justice and a recogni-
tion of our rights upon said tract under the home-
stead and preemption laws of tho United States.
For your speedy action in the promises we earn-
estly and respectfully pray, &c.
The petitions were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
LIGHT-SHIP SCOTLAND.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
flip following resolution which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Ilesobed. That the Secretary of the Treasury com-
municate to this House all the correspondence and
papers on file in his Department relative to the
retention of the Scotland light-ship in her old posi-
tion and what legislation is required in his opinion
to enable the Light-House Board to replace said
light-ship,
CHARLES A. STEINERD.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 414) for
the relief of Charles A. Steinerd; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
d. vr. tedder and calvin oillis.
Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 251G) to remove
the disabilities of Daniel W. Tedder and Calvin
Gillis, citizens of Florida; which was read a
! first and second time, and referred to the select-
| Committee on Reconstruction.
' Mr. HILL. I call for the regular order of
i business.
i codification of postal laws.
| The SPEAKER. The regular order having
] been called for, the morning hour begins at
j twenty-nine minutes past twelve, and the House
| resumes the consideration of tlie bill reported
j from the Committee onthsPostOfficeand Post
I Roads, being the bill (H. R. No. 2295) to revise,
| consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
!i to .the Post Office Department. The pending
ii question is upon an amendment offered by the
Ij gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker] to an
li amendmentoffered by the gentleman from New
' Jersey, [Mr. Hill.] The Clerk will first report
the amendment of the gentleman from New
Jersey, and then the amendment thereto.
The Clerk read Mr. Hill's amendment, as
follows:
Add the following as an additional chapter:
That all laws and parts of laws giving tho right to
any officer or Departmontof the Government or other
person to either send or receive through the United
States mails, free of charge, any letter, document, or
other mailable mattorare hereby repealed; and that
this section shall take effect on and after the 1st day
of July, 1871.
The Clerk also read Mr. Wklk.hr's amend-
ment thereto, as follows:
Amend the amendment by adding to it tho follow-
ing:
Except that newspaper periodicals and magazines
reciprocally interchanged between tho publishers,
and not exceeding sixteen ounces in weight, to be
confined to a single copy of each publication; and
weekly newspapers, one copy to each actual sub-
scriber within tho county where thesa.mea.ro printed
and published, shall continue to go free as hereto-
fore; butcarriers shall not be required to distribute
such papers unless postage is paid upon them at the
usual rates.
Mr. PERRY. Before the question is put, I
ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welkkr]
whether he will not accept an amendment to
bis amendment, by inserting after the word
*' weekly" " semi-weekly and monthly?"
Mr. WELKER. I accept that amendment.
The question was on Mr. Welkeh's amend-
ment, as modified.
TheSPEAKElt. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Welker] had demanded theyeasand nays
on his amendment when the House passed to
other business. Does the gentleman renew the
demand ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Welker] to accept another modifi-
cation of his amendment, so that it shall include
all official commumcationsbetween the Depart-
ments, or between the Departments and any
citizen of the United States. I ask him to
make that amendment because the great por-
tion of what is called free matter now carried
through the mail is of that character. For
; example, it is stated, and I presume correctly,
j that the blanks in connection with the income
i tax amount to tons. Then there is a great
I amount of envelopes that go through the mails,
j and other blanks of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and the blanks that go from the Treas-
J ury Department to the custom-houses through
I the country. These constitute the great body
l of the franked matter, probably three fourths,
| if not a larger proportion of it. This matter
must necessarily be carried by the mails, and
there is no sense in incurring the expense of
going through the form of requiring postage to
be paid upon it and then paying that back out
of the Treasury of the United States. It is not
merely taking out of one pocket and putting
into another, but it is incurring a very large
percentage of expense by the operation.
I trust, therefore, that among the exceptions
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welker] will
include all these official communications ofthe
various Departments, between the Departments
and their subordinates, and especially between
the people and the Departments, If we except
newspapers, we should much more except these
official communications. There are many per-
sons who would infinitely prefer the privilege
of sending free their pension papers and other
papers in support of th&ir various claims agaiflst
the Government, and t^pir communications to
Congress, to being relieved of the postage on
newspapers. Many of them subscribe to no
newspaper.
The whole matter of the. franking privilege
and the cost attending it is, as 1 think,
greatly misunderstood by people who have
not specially examined the subject. I do not
speak of gentlemen here, but of a great many
people outside this Hall. They do not seem
to be aware that the great bulk of the free
matter, which, we are told, is so great in pro-
portion to the paid matter carried by the mails,
consists of these official communications, which
must go at the expense of the Government, in
some way ; for the officials, of course, cannot
be expected to pay the postage out of their
own pockets. It is idle to go through the form
of collecting postage upon it and then pay-
ing it back out of the Treasury.
We are sometimes told that these measures
are for the purpose of making the Post Office
Department self-supporting. Why, sir, as it
seems to mc, there is not a greater fallacy in
our whole governmental affairs than this idea
of a self-supporting postal system. The Post
Office Department was self-supporting iu 1837,
when letters were carried through the mails
for twenty-five cents apiece.
Mr. WELKER. I hope the gentleman will
not be allowed to make a speech against the
abolition ofthe franking privilege uuless others
can have the right to reply to him. I must
decline to accept his amendment, for thereason
that what it proposes can be provided for in
other parts ot the bill.
Mr. A1AYNARD. I have notyielded to the
gentleman for the purpose of cuttiug me off
from the few remarks I desired to make.
The SPEAKER. The debate is under the
five-minute rule, and the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Mayxard] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WELKER. Then I must beg the gen-
tleman's pardon, for I supposed that 1 had a
right to intei nipt him and restrict his remarks.
Mr. MAYNAUD. To make the Post Office
Department self-supporting would require us
to cast off every mail route the business on
which is not sufficient to pay for the transport-
ation of the mails over it. That, sir, would
cut off ifll the mail routes upon the frontier and
in all those parts of the country where the.
population is sparse and the people few. The
Post Office Department was not created for the
purpose of making money for the Government,
or being even self-supporting, but for the con-
venience of the people, and the greater facility
of making communication between the old and
earlier settled port ions ol'the country and the re-
mote frontier, into which the sons and daughters
of the older portion of the country have gone.
1 trust, sir, that my amendment will prevail.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KNAPP. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will amend his amendment so as to allow
petitions to Congress to pass free through the
mail.
Mr. WELKER. No, sir; i decline to accept
any other amendment to my amendment. All
these things can be provided for in other parts
of the bill, and I ask for a vote upon my
amendment.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the pre-
vious question upon the pending chapter of
the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was first on Mr. welker s
