84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
amendment to the amendment offered by Mr.
Hill; and being put, there were—ayes 52, noes
50 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered by the Chair; and Mr.
Maynard and Mr. Welker were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 73, noes 50.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I now move my amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER, ^he previous question is
operating upon this whole chapter; but the
Chair is always willing and anxious to give thu
laraest liberty for amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
at all to a vote being taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I move to insert in
the amendment the words, "Also all official
communications between the several Execu-
tive Departments of the Government, and to
and from the same."
Mr. HILL. That is the same amendment
which was offered here the other day and was
objected to. I hope it will be voted down.
The question was put on the amendment to
the amendment; and there were—ayes 41, noes
68; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered by the Chair; and Mr.
Hill, and Mr. Morrill of Maine, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. No farther amendment
can be offered, as the previous question is
operating.
Mr. CONGER. I think it was operating
before the last amendment was offered.
The SPEAKER. It was, but the Chair
corrected a mistake into which the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynakd] had fallen ;
but in doing so he did not mean to open up the
whole question.
Mr. CONGER. Very well.
The question was put upon Mr. Hill's
amendment, as amended by Mr. Welker ; and
there were—ayes 48, noes 57 ; no quorum
voting.
Mr. HILL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 64, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Archer, Asper, Atwood,
Axtell, Banks, Barnum, Boatty, Bennett, Benton,
Bingham, Bird, Blair, liookw, Boyd, Buckley, Buf-
fincon, Burchard. Burdett. Boojamin F. Butter, Cal-
kin, Sidney Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb,
Conger, Cook, Cullom, Dickinson, Donley, Dox,
Duke, Duval, Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferris. Ferry, Fm-
kelnburg, Fisher, Getz, Gillillan, llatmll, Hawkins,
Hawloy. Hay, Hill, Johnson, Alexander H. Jones,
Julian, Kellogg, Kotehain, Knott, Lawrence, May-
ham, McCrary, McG-rew, McNeely, Mercur, Eliakim
XL Moore, JesseH, Moore, WilliamMoore, Alorphis,
Niblack, Orth, Packard, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Peck, Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter, Sargent, Scofield,
Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Slocunu, John A. Smith,
Joseph b.Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stiles, Stone, Stoughton.Strader, Strickland, Strong,
Swann,Taylor, Tillman. Trimble, Twiehell, Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader C, Wash-
burn, Welker, Wilkinson, Williams, John T. Wilson.
Winnns. and Wolf—103.
NAYS —Messrs. Ambler, Armstrong, Arnell, Ayer,
Bailey, Beainan, Benjamin, Biggs, Ueorge M. Brooks,
Buok, Burr, William T. Clark, Cleveland, Cowles,
Sarrall, Wegener, Dickey. Joseph Dixon, Gibson,
Griswold,Hamilton, Harris, Hoar, Iloge, Jenekes,
Kelley, lie) <oy, Kuapp, Laflin, Manning, Marshall,
Maynard, McCormiok, MeKee, McKenzie, Milnes,
Morgan, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'Neill.
Perec, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Prosser, Reeves,
Roots, Sanford, Sawyer, Lionel A. Sheldon, William
J. Smith, Worthington C. Smilli, Slokes, Taffe,
Townsend.Voorhees, Wallace, William B. Washburn,
Welts, Whitmore, Witches, and Wood—61.
NOT V 0 J.'I A'G—Messrs. Adams,Ames,Barry,Beek,
Boles, Bowen, James Brooks, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake. Cessna, Churchill, Co burn, Conner, Covode,
Cox, Crebs, Dawes. Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery, Ela,
Bldridge. Fitch, Fox, Garfield, Ilaight, IFild em an,
Hale, Hamblcton, Hays, Heflin, Holraan, Holmes,
Hooper, Uotehkiss.IngcrsoIl.TliomasL.Jones, Judd,
Kerr, Lash, Lewis, Logan, Loughndge, Lynch, Mc-
Carthy, Morey, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Newaham, Raincy, Randall, Rice, Rogers,
Schenck. Sehuinaker, Sherrod, Shober. Sweeney,
Sypher, Tanner, Van Auken, Van Wyck, Ward,
Wheeler, Willard, Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester,
and Woodward—68.
So the amendment asamended was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask consent to go back
for the purpose of moving an amendment to
section two hundred and eight. I v/as not in
my seat when that section was reached and
passed. I move to amend that section by add-
ing to it the following:
Tho Postmaster General may, when he deems it
advisable, contract for the transportation of the mails
to and from any post office; but where such service
is performed over a route not established by law, it
shall bo his duty to report the same to Congress at
its meeting next thereafter.
I apprehend there will be no objection to
this amendment. It avoids the constitutional
objection which was urged against the amend-
ment offered by my colleague [Mr. Sargent]
the other day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would prefer to
get through the amendments reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
before we proceed to the consideration of other
amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the amendment I
have offered had better be considered now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If anything in that
amendment is of any use it is already in the
law. The Postmaster General may now con-
tract to carry the mails between post offices.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, but only over routes
already established by law. The amendment
I propose authorizes him to contract for service
on routes not established by law. There are
many post offices in the country not on estab-
lished mail routes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You propose that
the Postmaster General may contract for ser-
vice on routes not established by law?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is an innova-
tion.
Mr. SARGENT. I admit this is a change,
but 1 think it is one which will be beneficial,
and should be made. Under the present sys-
tem, as is well known, we are compelled to
wait for months on months for a mere formal
bill to pass Congress before we can get a new
mail route established, even where the busi-
ness of the country and the wants of the peo-
ple demand it. I have myself been compelled
to wait, I am still waiting in a pressing case,
simply to have two lines, to which no one will
object, inserted in the usual mail-route bill.
The amendment offered by my colleague [Mr.
Johnson] does not propose to take away the
constitutional power of Congress to establish
mail routes. It simply provides that when Con-
gress is not in session the Postmaster General
may temporarily contract for mail service on
any route where it is required by the business
of the country, and requires him 1$ report such
action to Congress. It Congress shall then see
fit to say that such a route shall not be a mail
route, of course the service will then stop. The
trouble is that in many cases the business of
the country is far ahead of the mail facilities
now provided by law, and such a power as this
amendment proposes would be very beneficial,
especially all through the great West, where j
towns are constantly springing up and new j
mail facilities are needed continually. It is no j
encroachment upon the rights of Congress or j
the province of the pommittee of which the ;
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] is }
the able chairman. I hope he will not object ,
to the proposition. \
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, there are, j
perhaps, twenty-five or thirty post offie.es in Cal- j
ifornia that have no established mail routes run- ;
ningtothem. Under this amendment, if it be j
enacted into law, the Postmaster General may j
put service on routes not already established, !
and thus supply those post offices. Again, i
i where there are two great parallel routes, as I
is the case with many post offices, the Post-
master General may, if he deems it proper,
order the transportation of the mails across the
country from one route to tha other. In this
way the convenience of the people will be
greatly subserved, and, as my colleague [Mr.
Sargent] has said, when a post route is needed
we shall not have to wait six months ora year
until it is established by Congress. As soon
as the people petition for the establishment of
the route the Postmaster General, if he is sat-
isfied that the service will be useful to the
country, can put it on.
If anybody objects to this plan on the sup-
position that it is unconstitutional, I will, in
answer to that objection, refer simply to the
practice which now prevails with reference to
the establishment of post routes over cities.
The Postmaster General may now order the
mails to be carried anywhere over cities where
there are no post routes. His authority to do
this is derived simply from a provision of law
similar to that which I propose.
I hope there will be no objection to this
proposition. It will involve no additional
cost to the Department.* Itwill work no hard-
ship to anybody ; on the contrary, it will be a
great benefit to the frontier country.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It seems to me
that this amendment, in the shape in which
it is offered, would give a most sweeping and
unwarranted power to the Postmaster General.
He may establish any route between any two
post offices for any length of time he pleases,
or at least until Congress shall reverse his ac-
tion. He may put mail service on any road he
pleases without any regard to the custo m, never
heretofore infringed so far as I know, of having
the road first established a post route by Con-
gress. Now, who does not see that this will
open a wide door to all sorts of irregularities?
Postmasters at distant points may ask for an
opportunity to send the mails by a certain
road ; and the moment the mail is carried on
a road not declared by law to be a post road
the carriers of the mails are entirely out of the
protection of the law ; they become mere pri-
vate express men, doing their work without
those sanctions which the law throws over
its servants when carrying the mail on a route
declared by Congress to be a post route. It
seems to me, therefore, that the amendment
proposes an innovation which we should not
authorize.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, I submit that
the authority conferred upon Congress to estab-
lish post routes has nothing to do with the mail
service, any further than that it gives the Gov-
ernment of the United States authority to pro-
tect its mails. It never was the intention of
that clause in the Constitution that no mail
service should be had except over a post route
established by act of Congress. It is'.true that
there has grown up a custom of this kind, and
hence the necessity of my amendment. The
object of the clause of the Constitution is sim-
ply to enable the Government to protect its
mails over a route declared a post route by
law; to prevent local authorities from inter-
fering with routes over which the Government
of the United States has ordered the mails to
be carried.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And the gentle-
man now proposes so to adjust the law that (he
mails shall not be under such protection.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Postmaster General
will only put service on in cases where the
postmasters certify that the service is needed,
and where citizens petition for its establish-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I think
it would be unwise to make this innovation on
the legislation ofthe country. I hope the House
will come to a vote on the subject. I therefore
call the previous question.
Mr. SARGENT. With the consent of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,] I
will suggest to my colleague [Mr. Johnson] a
modification of his amendment.
