1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
may as well be settled to-day as at any other
time. We might as well either pass the bill at
once or kill it.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a parliamentary ques-
tion. I wish to inquire whether the motion of
the gentleman from Louisiana is in order?
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order ;
but it is not debatable. It would be debata-
ble if it were not overriden by an undebatable
motion—the motion to lay on the table. That
not being debatable, the motion to reconsider
it is not debatable, and any motion subor-
dinate thereto cannot be debatable.
Mr. PAINE. My question is whether the
motion to postpone is in order pending the
motion to reconsider the vote laying the bill
on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is clearly in order. This
i3 precisely the state of the question under
which the subject was postponed till to-day.
On agreeing to the motion of Mr. Sheldon,
of Louisiana, there were—ayes 61, noes 58.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, called for
tellers
Mr. LAWRENCE. Is it in order to move
to postpone indefinitely? If so, I would like
to submit such a motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone
to a designated day would take precedence.
All that could be accomplished by a motion to
postpone indefinitely can be effected by action
upon the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was laid on the table. Either motion
involves the fate of the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Washburk,
of Wisconsin, and Mr. Sheldon, of Louisiana,
were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 65, noes 54.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, would it be in
order to move to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER." It has already been laid
on the table. A motion has been made to re-
consider that vote, and the pending question
is on a motion to postpone the taking of that
question till the second Tuesday in January.
If the motion to postpone should be negatived
it will bring the House to an immediate decis-
ion upon the question whether it will recon-
sider the vote wHereby the bill was laid on the
table.
Mr. ALLISON. Then the adoption of the
motion to postpone is virtually killing the bill.
The SPEAKER. That is a question which
the Chair is not at liberty to answer.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Can we not lay the
whole subject on the table?
The SPEAKER. There is no necessity for
such a motion, and it might complicate the
question in the minds of members. The ques-
tion can be decided just as well by an affirma-
tive or negative vote on the pending motion.
The yeas and nays were taken on the motion
of Mr. Sheldon, of Louisiana, to postpone the
further consideration of the motion to recon-
sider till the second Tuesday of January, after
the morning hour ; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 89, nays 81, not voting 62 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler. Archer,. Arnell, Bailey,
Barnum, Barry, Beatty, Bennett, Bingham, Bowen,
Buckley, Burr,Calkin, Coburn, Cook, Cowles, Cox,
Crebs, Cuilom. Darrall, Joseph Dixon, Dockery,
X)uke, Duval, Dyer, Fitch, Fox, GilBltaii,'Griswold,
Hamill, Harris, Hawkins. Hay, Hoge,, Julinn, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Manning, May ham,
^laynard. McGrew, McKee, McNeely, Mereur, Elia-
kim ii. Moore, Jesse H. Moore, Morey, Morphis,
iYIorrissey, Mtingen, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Perce,
Porter, Potter, Prosser, Rainey, Reeves, Schuinnker,
Shanns, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sher-
rod, Shober, Slocum, Starkweather. Stiles, Stokes,
Straier. Strong. Swann, Syplier, Taylor, Tillman,
Tyner, Upson, Van Ankon.Vnn Trump, Van Wyck,
Voorhees, Whitmore, Willard. Williams, John 'JC.
■Wilson, Witcher, and "Wood—89.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Armstrong, Atwood,
Axtell, Ayer, Banks. Beainan, Benton, Bird, Blair,
Boles, Booker, Boyd, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks, Bullinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Churchill, -Amasa Cobb. Conger, Dawes,
Nathan F. Dixon, Dox, Eldridge, Farnsworth, For-
riss. Ferry, Finkelnburg. Fisher, Getz, Gibson, Hale,
Hambletoni Hill, Hoar, Holmes, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Johnson, Kelley, Lawrence, Marshall, MeCoriniek,
McCrary. MeKenzie, Milnes, William Moore, Mor-
gan, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill, Myers,
Ni black, Paine, Palmer. Peck, Peters, Phelps, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Roots, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyor,
Schenck, Scofield, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stone,
Stoughton, Taffe, Twichell, Van Horn, Wallace,
•Cadwalader C. Washburn, William B. Washbnrn,
Welker, Wells,'Wilkinson, Winans, and Wolf—-84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Aspor,
Beck, Benjamin, Biggs, Buck, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Cessna, William T. Clark, Sidney Clarke,
Cleveland, Clinton L. Cobb, Conner. Covode, Dege-
ner, Dickey,Dickinson,Donley, Bla,Garfield, Haisht,
Haldeman, Hamilton, Hawley, Hays, Heflin. Hol-
man, Hooper, Hotehkiss. Alexander H. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Judd, Kerr,Knott, Laflin, Lash,
Lewis, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, McCarthy, Neg-
ley.Newsham, Pacfker, Piatt, Randall, Rice, Rogers,
Stevens, Stevenson, Strickland, Sweeney. Tanner,
Townsend. Trimble, Ward, Wheeler, Eugene M.
Wilson, Winchester, and Woodward—62.
So the motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM M. Sl'GRUDER.
Mr. PORTER, from the select Committee
on Reconstruction, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 2428) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States from William M. McGruder, of Henrico
county, Virginia, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman to let me
move an amendment.
Mr. PORTER. I cannot do so. This gen-
tleman has been elected by the majority of
the voters in his county to office, and in order
that he may enter upon the discharge of his
duties it is necessary that he should have his
political disabilities removed. I report the bill
back from the select Committeeon Reconstruc-
tion, with the recommendation that it do pass.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. BECK. Let the Clerk read my amend-
ment, so that the House may understand it.
Mr. PORTER. I insist upon the demand
for the previous question.
TheHousedivided; and there were—ayes4G,
noes 37 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers; and appointed Mr. Porter and Mr. Beck.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 74, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The bill was then passed, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills ot the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 886) for the relief of
Lawrence L. Merry, collector of internal rev-
enue for the twentieth district of New York ;
and ,
An act (H. Ii. No. 272) for the_ relief of
Alfred E. Brooks, postmaster at Ilion, New
York.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill (S. No.
1119) relating to the printing of the annual
report of the Secretary of War; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
W. caitdwell and E. i. qaulding.
Mr. PORTER, from the select Committee
on Reconstruction, reported back a bill (H.
R.-No. 2511) for the removal of legal and
political disabilities froa> William Cardweu
and Richard I.'Gaulding, both of Charlotte,
Virginia, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. BECK. I ask the gentleman to let me
offer an amendment to the bill.
Mr. PORTER. I cannot do so, but must
demand the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Howdoes thiscoraetip?
The SPEAKER. It is a report from the
select Committee on Reconstruction,, which
committee is authorized to report at any time.
Mr. BECK. Does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia object to the reading of my amendment?
Mr. PORTER. I do, and demand the pre-
vious question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
81, noes 37.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being eugrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. PORTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motio.n to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEOltGE T. PEEKS AND OTHEBS
Mr. BOOKER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2-517) for the removal
of the civil and political disabilities from George
T. Peers and others, of Virginia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
judicial districts OF ohio.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Judiciary Committee
a bill (II. Ii. No. 1029) to divide the State of
Ohio into three judicial districts, and for other
purposes, with a substitute ; and the same was
ordered to be printed and recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
CAPITOL HILL SAVINGS-BANK.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2518) to incorporate
the Capitol Hill Savings-Bank j which was read
a first and second time, and, with the accom-
panying memorial, referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
charles i. hansom.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2519) for the relief
of Charles I. Hansom, late private company
K, fifth regiment Maryland volunteers ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
special agent frank e. howe.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which wasread.
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to report the actual expenses connected
with the office of Frank E. Howe, special agent of
the Treasury Department at New York, from the 1st
day of May, 1869, up to and including the 30th day ot
November, 1870; including the amounts paid by the
collector of the port for rent, salaries, and expenses
of inspectors detailed for duty at his office; includ-
ing also the amount of business done, the subjects
specially referred for investigation, and the amount
ot money received from fines, forfeitures, and penal-
, ties; also, whether in his opinion theeflicieney ot the
' oubtom-house would not be promoted by employing
' only active agents a.t that port, and the discontinu-
ance of outside officers, with their attendants ana
expenses.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. BECK. I ask leave to introduce a bill
for the removal of disabilities, for action at
this time. , ,
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Bo^Jifreienta-
tives of the United States of America
bled, (two thirds of each House concamng therein,)
That all legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth article of amendments to the Const!-
