914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Minnesota is entitled to one hour to close the
debate.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will yield
for seven or eight minutes to the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Strong.]
Mr. STRONG. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose, in the lew minutes allowed me, to enter
into a discussion of the general policy of land
grants, because my time is too limited; and,
beside, that policy has been already well and
thoroughly considered on this floor; and on
this very question very able speeches have
been made in opposition to land grants, and
particularly by the- gentlemen from Indiana,
[Mr. Julian and Mr. Holman,] one on the
other side of the House and the other on this.
I indorse in the main the views of both those
gentlemen, sitting on the two sides of the
Chamber. But, sir, I rose to speak particu-
larly of the political aspect of this question.
I have noticed in this discussion that gentle-
men on the other side of the House are dis-
posed to impress upon the country that these
land grants are chargeable upon the Radical
party.
Mr. RANDALL. We do say so.
Mr. STRONG. They do say so. Ah, upon
what foundation do they say it? Not only
have I noticed it on the other side of the House,
but I have noticed it in the public press. 1
have also noticed it in the resolutions of con-
ventions. I hold in my hand the resolutions
of the Democratic State convention of Con-
necticut which met the other day, and I desire
permission of the Speaker to read one of them.
It is as follows:
"Resolved, That the appropriation by the Radi-
cal p.iriy of near two hundred million acres of the
public domain to railroad corporations and specula-
tors deserves condemnation. The territory thus
given away is greater than the entire area of Ger-
many, embracing a population of forty-five millions;
and this wasteful extravagance is crippling our re-
sources, and lessening the ability of the Government
to provide free homesteads. They have parted with
lands which would have provided in the future two
hundred acres for each of one million families."
Mind you, Mr. Speaker, two hundred mil-
lion acres of land given away by the Radical
Congress ; and the gentleman on the other side
says he insists upon it. Sir, during this Con-
gress two land grants alone have been made.
One of them was the Northern Pacific rail-
road grant, which covered fifty-eight million
acres; the other a little less, I think, than a
million acres. Who voted for the Northern
Pacific railroad grant upon this floor? I
will tell you who voted for it. Twenty gentle-
men who call themselves Democrats on the
other side of the Chamber voted for it, and
fifteen Democrats refrained from voting, or
were absent; and yet the bill passed by only
twenty two majority. I know it was princi-
pally a renewal of an expired grant.
Mr. RANDALL. And how many on that
side?
Mr. STRONG. And the only Democrat
hailing from New England, the gentleman rep-
resenting the fourth district of Connecticut,
[Mr. Barxum,] has his name recorded in favor
of it, as it is recorded in favor of every propo-
sition made on this floorfor land grants, unless
it appears in the list of absentees.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me a word ?
Mr. STRONG. The gentleman need not
interruptme. I have no time to yield; I do not
allude to my colleague's vote for the purpose
of criticising it. He is able to take care of
himself with his constituents, and his Demo-
cratic constituents will take care of him and
support him and keep him here, if they have
the power, no matter what vote he sees lit to
give. He can vote for a high tariff, for rail-
road land grants, or against the abolition of
the franking privilege, or for anything, I care
not what, and his Democratic constituents will
stand by him.
And yet it is a little amusing to see that
same gentleman's constituents going into con-
vention, and, in contemplation of these very
measures which his vote has helped give the
sanction of law, holding up their hands in holy
horror at the recklessness, prodigality, extrav-
agance, and waste of this Radical Congress.
S'r, a Radical Congress is doing this! i say,
Mr. Speaker, that if gentlemen on the other
side of the House will vote with ns on this
side who are opposed to land grants we will
vote this down, and every one of the series of
like bills which lie upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say to the
gentleman 
Mr. STRONG. The gentleman from Wis-
consin rises, the leader of the northwestern
Democracy who is pushing this bill with all
the power at his command. And yet all this
is done by a Radical Congress !
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rose to suggest that
the gentleman's colleague, upon whom he is
reflecting so severely, is not in his seat-
Mr. STRONG. I am not reflecting upon
my colleague. I admit that my colleague has
a perfect right to do as he pleases, and I do
not call his conduct in question. I said he
would be sustained by his Democratic con-
stituents in favoring these very grants. I do
not question anybody's right to do as he pleases
here; but I do protest that Republicans shall
not be held responsible for all these land grants
when the gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber are helping them along, and the
leader of the northwestern Democracy, now
in my eye, is taking that course on this very
bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman state,
in fairness to himself and this side of the
House, the number of gentlemen upon that
side who voted for the Northern Pacific rail-
road grant?
Mr. STRONG. I have already stated that
on the Northern Pacific railroad twenty Dem-
ocrats voted "ay," fifteen sat still in their
seats, were absent, or wandering about some-
where when the vote was taken ; thirty-five in
all, more than half of the party, went for that
grant of fifty-eight million acres either by
voting "ay" or by refraining from voting at
all.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. STRONG. I decline to yield. Shall I
as a Republican be held responsible at all for
making these grants? I am opposed to them.
I am opposed to this system of giving away
the public domain to railroad corporations;
neither should it be sold or disposed of, ex-
cept to actual settlers under the preemption
and homestead laws.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I must resume
the floor, injustice to other gentlemen to whom
I have,promised part of my time.
Mr. STRONG. I would like the gentleman
to give me two or three minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I do not think
that I can in justice to other gentlemen.
Mr. AX TELL. I hope the time of ihe gen-
tleman from Connecticut will be extended in
his own right.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent. Does the gentleman from Minnesota
yield three additional minutes to the gentleman
from Connecticut ?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I yield that
time.
Mr. STRONG. I was saying that I am
opposed to this policy of granting lands to rail-
road companies and other corporations. I
am also opposed to granting subsidies to the
steamship companies that are clamoring about
our doors. I believe that when we talk of
economy and retrenchment it should be some-
thing more than hypocritical cant. It should
not be miserable, whining sentimentality. It
should be sustained practically by our votes.
If we regard the Treasury let us vote against
these cormorants. Are our friends from Wis-
consin after the public weal in pressing this
measure through the House, which is no worse
than other bills lying on the Speaker's table,
covering over one hundred million acres of
the public domain ? Is it for the public good,
for the revival of American commerce, that
gentlemen are clamoring for millions of dol-
lars out of the United States Treasury to push
forward these schemes? No, sir; personal
aggrandizement, personal interests, personal
motives, selfish considerations are at the bot-
tom of all these schemes, and not the public
weal.
I tell you, sir, that I am in earnest when I
say that I am in favor of a policy of retrench-
ment, economy, and reform, and I tell my
friends upon this side of the House that if they
vote for these subsidies and land grants they
will have to answer for it in 1872. Then the
cry of "Down with monopolists," the cry of
retrenchment, economy, and reform, will come
from the people in earnest, and the party that
will lend itself to land monopoly and to the
imposition of additional bifrdens upon a tax-
ridden people will be driven from power, as it, •
ought to be. By my vote measures of this
kind shall never pass. I am opposed to the
whole series of land grants now on the table,
and am for preserving the public lands for
actual settlers.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I now yield
ten minutes to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wilsox] seeks to make an issue
with me on these petitions, and I desire to
say one or two words upon that point. These
petitions came to me in good faith. The gen-
tleman has characterized them as frauds. I
will say to that gentleman that the man who
gave them to me was formerly a member of
the Pennsylvania Legislature, and is as honest
and upright a man as ever sat within these
walls, and would not be any more likely to
be engaged in any fraud of this sort than the
gentleman himself.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Let me ask
if he told the gentleman that he was a citizen
of Wisconsin?
Mr. RANDALL. I have not time to yield
now. 1 say moreover that it does not become
any gentle.man advocating a railroad grant for
the State of Wisconsin to cry "fraud" against
the people who are resisting the taking away
of the lands that should belong to the actual
settlers. I am well enough versed in the
history of Wisconsin to remember when that
State was steeped in filth and mud, from the
Governor down, with frauds connected with
railroads and railroad grants. My friend from
Wisconsin near me [Mr. Eldkidge] desires
me to say that that was during the time of a
Republican administration. I state in his
behalf that fact, of which I was not aware.
1 pass now to another point. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] the other day at-
tempted rather to reflect upon the Democratic
party in connection with these land grants. I
know nothing, perhaps, accurately of the legis-
lation preceding my term of service here, but
I do know that during the period of my service
upon this floor more than once, many times,
1 have stood here with a handful of Democrats
resorting to every expedient under parliament-
ary rules to resist the action of the Republican
majority in this House in giving away the pub-
lic lands. And, sir, during the recent canvass
one of the documents presented to the people
in behalf of the Republican executive com-
mittee, and sent forth from this city, claimed
merit for the Republican party in this House
for having put a stop to land grants, referring
to a resolution adopted by this House, and
unanimously agreed upon, that any further land
grants were inexpedient and improper. And
lor that resolution I want to hold you of the
other side of the House to a strict account-
ability. Did you mean the truth when you so
resolved? Or do you mean to-day to give a
flat and absolute lie to that declaration?
Sir, this branch of the Government comes,
directly from the people, and it should be a
