1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
reflex of the popular will. And I maintain
that there is no more doubt about the public
opinion of this country in reference to the
giving away of the public domain than there
is in reference to the full payment of the pub-
lic debt. And as I have referred to the public
■lebt, let me here declare to this House that as a
Democrat., I mean—and I trust all who coop-
erate here with me will also mean—to see the
last dollar and the last cent of the public debt
paid. And yet you gentlemen on the Repub-
lican side of this House, by your votes and by
the votes of a few on this side of the House
who are driven in that direction by local pres-
sure, forgetting the great interests of the
whole country and the interests of the labor-
ing classes of this country, are impairing the
value of the evidences of the public debt; for
I maintain that if this land is to be given
away, if the laboring man, the actual settler,
is to be deprived of this land, then it should
go toward the paymeut of the public debt.
The public creditors have a right to expect
that, if nothing else.
Nov,-, sir, it will be remembered that when
I was 011 the floor on a former occasion I got
into a controversy with some of my colleagues
as to their position on this question, as to what
they had written and said about it prior to the
last election, and their votes upon that occa-
sion. Now, unless 1 am placed under a neces-
sity of -doing so, I do not want to renew that
controversy again, except so far as may be
necessary in order to do them and myself
justice in my interpretation of their position.
1 now ask the Clerk to read letters written by
myself, my three colleagues, [Mr. Myers, Mr.
O'Neii.i., and Mr. Kei.ley.] and by one of
the members-elect from Philadelphia to the
next Congress, in answer to interrogatories
.from tiie Labor Union of Philadelphia.
The Olerk read as follows:
Philadelphia, October 4,1S70.
Gentlemen: I am in receipt of your letter of the
2Sth ultimo, in which you propound to me two inter-
rogatories. as follows: first, if elected, will you vote
to prohibit the importation, under the ontract sys-
tem or otherwise, of eoolie labor into the United
States: second, will you vote to reserve the public
hinds for actual settlers and prohibit their gift to
corporations for speculative or other purposes?
lu answer to your first question I have to say, I am
now and have always been opposed to the introduc-
tion of any system of eoolie labor or of coolie labor
in any form.
In answer to your second question, I refer to my
congressional record, running through a period of
eight yenrs, from which ymi will lenrn that I have
always advocated the reservation of the public lands
for the benefit and owneiship of actual settlers. In
no instance did I ever vote to give away an acre of
land for any speculative purpose, nor to any railroad
corporation, and I do not expect to in the future.
Yours, very respectfully,
SAMUEL J. RANDALL.
Messrs. Jonx Leach. William II. Waller, James
Mc!Siia*.e, is liArit. find others. Committee of the
Tratte- Union Anti-C<julir League.
Philadelphia, October4,1S70.
Dear Sik: I takcgrcat pleasurein replying to your
co'ntuuoication of the 23cii September.
I am opposed to (he importation nnder the con-
tract system of coolie labor into the United States.
Slavery or serfdom in any guise is very revolting to
me.
I will always be ready, asl have ever been, to pro-
mote the interestsof the actual settlers on tbe public
land. iuhI believe that this domain should not be
given away tor merely speculative purposes.
Permit mo to remain, my dear sir, very respect-
fully, you: , CIIAS. O'NEILL.
John Leach, esq., President of the Trade- Union Anti-
Coolie League.
Philadelphia, October o, 1S70.
Drak Sir: I have received your letter of Septem-
ber 2$, and take pleasuro in replying to the Ques-
tions it contains.
First. I am opposed to the importation of cootie
labor into the United States, as very tally expressed
by me in my letter to Science Council of United
American Mechanic*, lately published. It is con-
trary to the spirit of our hiws, amt it must tend to
degrade our homo industry because it is a foreign
labor, paid for at foreign rates, under a contract
awde on a foreign soil in ignorance of American
prices and the dignity of American labor.
Second, lam in favor of reserving the public lands
for actual settlers* and although not in Congress
whsa the bodestestd bill passed m 1862, I have
given my cordial support and votes to two import-
ant amendments, since then, in aid of the provisions
of that law. These lands should not be donated to
any corporations for speculative purposes.
In rare instances, where communications must be
°Pcned between distant places a grant of land is jus-
tifiable, especially if found necessary to Army trans-
portation, to diminish our costly Indian wars, and
to protect the actual settlers. Such grants should
be so carefully guarded as to further instead of
thwarting tbe object of the homestead laws. And
only last session i assisted to pass an actgiving every
man who served honorably ninety days against the
rebellion the especial privilege of having on© hun-
dred and sixty acres under the homestead laws along
the lines ot railroads for the construction of which
lands had been granted.
The public domain is intended for the people. Ac-
tual settlements upon it alone will best add to their
prosperity while it develops our great resources, and
I shall be careful on this as upon the coolie question
to legislate and vote for their inrere<?N.
Very, truly yours, LEONARD MYEES.
Johx Le^ch. esq.. Chairman of Committee of Trade-
Lmou Anti-Coolie League.
Mr. MYERS. I desire to say that I wished
to have my letter read, as I believe my col-
league [Mr. Randall] is aware.
Mr. KANDALL. I will say that I do all
this at the instance, or rather with the" concur-
rence, of my colleagues, so that the House
can see whether those letters were committal
or non-committal, in relation to land grants.
The other letters were as follows:
Philadelphia October 4, 1870.
Gentlemen: Yours of the 28th ultimo, on behalf
of the Trades-Union Anti-Cooiie League, has been
received. In pursuance*)!' the object of your appoint-
ment, you propose the following questions :
First. If elected, will you vote to prohibit the
importation. under the contract system or otherwise,
of coolie labor into the United States j- and
Second. Will you vote to reserve the public lands
to actual settlers, and prohibit their gift to corpora-
tions tor speculative purposes ?
To the first question my reply is that I will; and
that in doing so I will be but giving expression to
my long-settled and often-expressed convictions.
To the second question I also answer that I will.
On this point, frankness and justice to the people
of the southern States and Territories require me
to make one reservation. Grants of land have been
made to aid in the construction of two railroads, by
one of wliieh New England and the extreme north-
ern States will have direct and speedy intercourse
with tbe Pacific slope and its seaports, and by the
other of which the middle States already enjoy
these advantages. The people of the .South have
ecjual rights in the public lands aud to Government
aid in the opening of tbeir country to commercial
intercourse by tbe construction of roads by which
immigrants from the north or elsewhere may reach
it for settlement. If the grant asked for such a pur-
pose be moderate in quantity and so restricted that
theland shall be sold «.nly in limited quantities to
actual settlers and at Government prices, I will vote
for it. This is the only grant I will vote lor, aud it
shall not have my support unless the grant be in
ray judgment moderate and the bill contain the
restrictions above stated.
I make this exception in justice to the people of
the southern States, and because by extending rail-
road facilities to New Mexico and Arizona we will
open those rich and salubrious Territories to access
and occupation by the surplus laborers of the cities,
and the young and enterprising men who may desire
to avail themselves of the homestead law in that
riehly endowed section of our country.
Very rcipccUuUy, yours,
WILLIAM D. KELLEW
Messrs. John Leach. James McShane, William II.
Welier, F. Baub, William L. Owens. John McCroa,
William Mowbr.iy, Aaron Nace, George F. Iteib-
etein, William II. Moore, Alexander Orr, James
F. A, Devine, Committee of Trades- Union Anti-
Coolie League.
Germantowx, October 3,1S70.
Gentlemen: Your communication of the 12th
ultimo, addressed tome in obedience to instructions
which you had received from the Trade-Union
Anti-Coolie League, was dulj- received. You present
to me therein for my reply two questions: First.
"If elected to Congress, will you vote to prohibit
the importation, under the contraetsystem orother-
wise, of coolie labor into the United States ?" This
is not anew question with me. On the 15th of Au-
gust, in my speech to the convention at Doylestown,
accepting the nomination for Congress. I used the
following language: "The public mind has been
agitated in regard to the question of coolie labor,
and I deem it my duty to say a word on that subject.
Istand to-day committed to the task, so far as in
melies, of breaking down tho present system of in-
troducing this species of labor, because I believe it
will bring tothe homes and firesides of the working-
men of this country want and misery, and all the
evils attendant on their train." At that time I had
never been interrogated on the subject; nor, as I be-
lieve, had any of tho candidates who had been pre-
viously nominated. My expression, therefore, herein
quoted, was entirely voluntary, and proceeded from
my own sense of what was due to every man in this
country who labors for his bread. And what I then
said to the convention unsolicited and unprompted
I now repeat to you; and if elected to Congress £
will vote affainrt the introduction of coolie labor
into the United States.
Your second Question is: 4* Will you vote to reserve
the public lands for actual settlers, and prohibit
their gift to corporations for speculative or other
purposes. My unhesitating and most emphatic
answer is I will.
Having been a working man all my life I can fully
appreciate, gentlemen, the deep interest you feel in
these questions. And thanking you for the oppor-
tunity yon have given me of answering them, lam.
with best wishes for you individually, and for tho
entire class we represent, very truly, your friend and
obedient servant, ALFRED C. HARMER.
Migsrs. John Leach, James McShane, William ii.
Wheeler, and others.
Mr. RANDALL. My time seems to have
been used up in the reading of these letters. I
ask the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wil-
son] to yield to me for a moment further.
Mr. WILSON, of Miauesota. I cannot
yield any more time to my friend, for I have
promised all 1 can spare of my hour. My good
nature has led me too far already. I am afraid.
Mr. RANDALL. Your good nature has
given the only opportunity we have had to dis-
cuss this bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Well, a mo-
ment longer.
Mr. RANDALL. While I would like to
oblige my friend by voting for this bill, I would
do so if this was only a personal matter; yet I
am not forgetful of the fact that I represent
the people of my district; that I am not sent
here to vote upon good feeling, but to repre-
sent their views. And a great many members
of this House would do well to bear that in
mind when they come to vote upon this sub-
ject of giving away the public lands.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I now yield
five minutes to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Myers.]
Mr. MYEES. The House can now judge
how correct my colleague [Mr. Randall) was
the other day when he stated that I had said
I would never vote for any further land grant.
I then telegraphed at once for a c&py of my
letter, and am glad that my colleague has done
away with the necessity of my askingthe Clerk
to read it by himself having it done. That
letter states, what I said the other day it stated,
that in certain cases a land grant was justi-
liable, as when necessary to open communi-
cation between distant parts of the country.
Mr. RANDALL. This is all ill Wisconsin.
Mr. MYERS. Never mind ; you have had
your say, [laughter;] aland grant is justifiable
also for the other purposes stated m my let-
ter : and I now say that i abide by the terms of
that letter, and intend conscientiously to vote
in accordance with th# views it expresses.
There are on the Speaker's table some twenty-
three or more bills forgrants of lands. Of those
bills I may find one or two to be correct, while
I shall most probably vote against the others.
Mr. STILES. Does my colleague intend
to vote for this bill?
Mr. MYERS. I have already said, and
my \'otes have indicated, that I shall support
the bill. My colleague from the first district
[Mr. Raxdall] is the leader of the other side
of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. Oh, no; that.is nonsense.
Mr. MYERS. He makes all the motions to
adjourn ; he is the chronic objector on that
side of the House; and every day just before
the adjournment he accomplishes the difficult
task of moving to reconsider and lay on the
table the various votes of reference during the
dav. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. And by that means I have
been able to defeat many of the schemes on
your side.
Mr. MYERS. I acknowledge, and I suppose
the House acknowledges,the important services
of my colleague in the particulars I have just
mentioned." He is also immensely popular in
my district,.' He endeavored in the present
Congress to prevent the people of my district
from having on this floor a Republican Repre*
