90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
An act (S. No. 849) to authorize the sale
of certain lands reserved for the use of the
Menomonee tribe of Indians in the State of
Wisconsin;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 92) fortbe relief
of certain contractors for the construction of
vessels of war and steam machinery ;
An act (S. No. 969) to relieve certain persons
therein named fromthe legal and political dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, and
for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 510) granting land to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Sioux City
Iowa, to Columbus, Nebraska ;
An act (S. No. 533) to relinquish the interest
of the United States in certain lands to the
city and county of San Francisco, in the State
of California;
An act (S. No. 55) granting the right of way
and lands to the Pecos and Placer Mining and
Ditch Company of Mexico;
An act (S. No. 574) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Csngress to the State of Michigan
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Pfere Marquette to Flint, in said State, and for
other purposes;
An act (S. No. 1011) to aid in the construc-
tion of the Mobile and Pensacola railroad ;
An act- (S. No. 750) for- continuing the St.
Paul and Sioux City railroad across the Terri-
tory of Dakota to Yankton, or a point near the
mouth of the Niobrara, and for continuing the
land grant, in aid of the same ;
An act (S. No. 804) in aid of the New Orleans,
Baton Rouge, and Vicksburg railroad ; and
An act (S. No. 1095) making appropriations
for the purposes therein specified.
statutes of new mexico.
An act (S. No. 782) to annul a portion of a
certain statute of the Territory of New Mexico,
there being no objection, was takefn up, read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories.
sale of lands in kansas.
There being no objection, joint resolution
S. R. No. 89, providing for the sale of certain
lands in the State of Kansas ceded to the Uni-
ted States in trust by the Cherokee nation of
Indians, was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
appraiser at mobile.
There being no objection, an act (S. No. 446)
to appoint an appraiser of merchandise for the
port of Mobile was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
william chinn. '
There being no objection, an act (S. No. 545)
for the relief of Wilham Chinnwas read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
pensacola, etc., railroad company.
There being no objection, joint resolution
S. 11. No. 246, granting the right of way to the
Pensacola and Barrancas Railroad Company
through the naval and military reservations
near Pensacola, Florida, was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
kentucky university.
T-here being no objection, an act (S. No. 818)
for the relief of the Kentucky University was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
mary c. lanj3.
There being no objection, joint resolution
S. R. No. 252, for the relief of Mary C. Lane,
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
appropriations.
There being no objection, an act (S. No.
1095) making appropriations for purposes
therein specified was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
mrs. jane northridqe.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 128) for the relief of Mrs. Jane
jtforthridge.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
nicholas m. page.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 673) for the relier of Nicholas
M. Page, executor of Samuel Miller, of Camp-
bell county, Virginia.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
report op secretary op war.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 1119) relating to the printing
of the annual report of the Secretary of War.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Aflairs.
washington and new york railway.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (H. R. No. 19) to authorize the build-
ing of a military and postal railway from Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, to the city of New
York.
Objection was made to the reference of the
bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I should like to have
that bill put upon its passage. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done at this
time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Was objection made to
its reference ?
The SPEAKER. Objection was made by
more than one gentleman.
sciiool trustees in arkansas.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (H. II, No. 1384) to allow the school
trustees in the State of Arkansas to enter land
for school purposes under the homestead law.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. There is no further busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(atthree o'clock and twenty-five minutes p.m.)
the House adjourned.
B. Stone, late private company C, fifth Maine
volunteers.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of Richard
I. Gaulding, of Charlotte county, Virginia,
praying the removal of the legal and political
disabilities imposed upon him by the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rnle, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of John Con-
ger and 300 others, citizens of Calhoun county,
Michigan, for the passage of an act for the
relief of the soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. BURR: The petition W. H. Pogue
and many others, citizens of Jersey county,
Illinois, for relief of soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr, FISHER: A petition asking that
the name of Timothy Paige, of Lockport, New
York, be placed on the pension-rolls.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Seth Webb
and others, for legislation to insure protection
to American fishermen in so-called British
waters.
By Mr. HILL : The petition of J. I. Prebble
& Co. and 9 others, envelope manufacturers
and printers of the United States, asking that
the Post Office Department cease manufactur-
ing and selling envelopes.
By Mr. LAFLIN: The petition of Joseph
R. Curtis, praying for relief.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Thomas
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 14, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. new-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approveu.
real estate in the district.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Patterson to fill the vacancy in the commit-
tee of conference appointed at the last session
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 1633) to simplify the
conveyance of real estate in the District of
Columbia, in place of Mr. Hamlin, yesterday
excused.
petitions and memorials'.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I present
a petition, very numerously signed by citizens
of the State of New York, touching the claims
of soldiers of the war of 1812.^ This petition
refers to the fact that many of these veterans
are now inmates of poor-houses, and objects
of charity, and sets forth in very moving terms
their destitution. I believe that no bill on the
subject is pending now before the Senate, and
therefore I move the reference of the petition
to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 present, Mr. President,
the memorial of William Smith, a paymaster
in the United States Army, setting forth that
through an accident on a railway train there
was lost from his custody the sum of $500, and
asking that a bill may be passed authorizing
the proper accounting officers of the War and
Treasury Departments, in settling his accounts,
to allow for that sum of money. I move that
the memorial be referred to the Committee on
Claims ; and in the same connection, with the
permission of the Chair, I wish to introduce a
bill at this time a little out of its order for the
same purpose, that they may go together.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 1124) for the relief of
Major William Smith, paymaster in the United
States Army ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims, with
the accompanying memorial.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
a number of citizens of the State of Ohio,
praying that the House bill granting pensions
to the soldiers of the war of 1812 be promptly
passed. I believe the bill has been reported
and lies on our table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have the impression
that it has not been reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that the peti-
tion be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I present the memorial of
William C. Barney and others, praying Con-
gress to define the rules regulating the opera-
tions of international telegraph lines. Asthis
memorial contains much statistical and import-
ant information, I mo've that it be printed and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that the President's message yesterday on the
subject of the charges of international cables
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. There is a bill on the subject, however,
before the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from New York, that the memorial be
printed and referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
