916
TO CONGEfiSSIOKAL GLOBE.
February %
sentative whom they had elected. Failing in
that, not being able to cotiviftcfe the House,
he went home, and, as I have before stated^
entered my district to oppose ffly reflection. So
well did the people kiiorf his rBcord( add ho
thoroughly did they appreciate it that his
advocacy of my opponent sent me hei-e by &
majority of thirteen hundred and tw'ehty-five,
when the majority upon whieh I was .after
contest admitted to my Seat in this House
was, comitibg itierely the Single Votefc, With-
out throwing out any election precinct, only
seventy.
This increase t have always supposed to bfe
largely due to the efforts of my colleague to
defeat me. I am glad of the compliment he
pays me in supposing that my letter-, which
has been read, had anything to do in bring-
ing about that result. I say to him that not-
withstanding his popularity in this House and
my district 1 cannot set hnn up as my stand-
ard, but shall still think and act for myself.
So thinking and acting, I shall vote for this
bill with the amendment compelling the com-
pany to sell the land in alternate quarter sec-
tions to actual settlers at an average of $2 60
per acre, because I believe that it will largely
tud in facilitaiing communication between the
great West and tiie East. The extent of this
grant originally wus about three hundred and
fifty miles, of which one hundred and fifty I
know have been finished. To complete the
road to Lake Superior I believe will benefit
the whole country, by bringing the granaries
of the West and the products of the East
through the lakes nearly two hundred miles
into closer communication, facilitating trans-
portation, and thus cheapening what is needed
by the people ot both sections. My eyes are
not darkened by what seems to bedim the
vision of my colleague. I vote for myself,
regardiess of the views whieh may be taken
by my colleague, who, so far as my views are
to be affected, may represent the fourth and
other wards of his district as often as the
people may see lit to send him. Personally
I have nothing against him ; but when he
attempts to arraign his colleagues, including
myself^ who stand by our letters, he must take
exactly what he sends. This bill being sitn
ply the renewal of a grant heretofore given
which was forfeited by reason of circumstances
which have been satisfactorily explained, I
shall give it my vote.
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr, Speaker, as the House
has heard read the letter which was referred
to a few days ago by my colleague, [Mr. Ran-
dall.] and as the reading of it shows it to
be precisely such a letter as I stated to the
Ilous-e, 1 do not think it necessary for me to
occupy any lime in further explanation of my
position.
Mr. RANDALL. The letters will all be
published, and the people can judge of your
consistency.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I now yield
to my colleague. [Mr. WlLKixsox.]
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. Speaker, it seems
to me that this debate has wandered consid-
erably away from the question really involved
in the vote shortly to be taken. I have not risen
for the purpose of speaking upon the general
policy of land grants, for I think that question
is very well understood. I will say, however,
that 1 do not regard the policy of granting
land in aid of works of internal improvement
as by any means an unmixed evil. I think the
history of these grants shows conclusively that
they have worked great benefit to the people
of the United States. When the great states-
man of Illinois, Mr. Douglas, inaugurated this
system, in 18o2 or thereabout, he, in urging
the land grant for that State which resulted in
completing the Illinois Central railroad, looked
forward to great results to flow J'rom that
aetien ef Congress. And I think that the hon-
orable gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hat] who
addressed the House to-day when he compares
the condition of his State at present with what
it was when that grant was made will be com-
pelled to admit that it was a wise measure on
the part of the Congress of the United States.
Why, sir, the development of the agricultural
reSobrfcei of Illinois, growing directly out of
thai grant, has worked marvelous results far the
benefit Of the etttjre country. The same may
be said 6f Iowa,, Missouri, Kansas, Nebraska,
Wisconsin* and Michigan; These States, Mr.
Spedkfer, have been augmented in power, in
wealth, irt agricultural resources, in the num-
ber of their population beyohd all parallel in
the history of this country.
Mr. KLA. I wish to ask the gehtleniah just
one question: Is it necessary to make these
land grants ii\ order to build these roads 1 I
see it stated that one of the roads in the gen-
tleman's own State was leased to the North-
western Company at more than fifty per cent,
above its cost, while the whole land grant has
been divided among the original grantees. I
understand the same is true of the road run-
ning to Sioux City. The land grant goes into
the hands of the men to whom it was made,
while they are able to lease the road at fifty per
cent, above its cost.
Mr. WILKINSON. The very road to whieh
the gentleman refers does not pay one per cent,
on the cost of its construction. I understand
it is the same in regard to the other road.
But, sir, I am not to be diverted froth the
line of my remarks by questions Of this kind.
This is one of those things which are liable to
be abused. I admit that, like all other rational
and proper systems of legislation, it is liable to
be abused; and right here I will say that gen-
tlemen living in New England and geutlemeu
living in Philadelphia seem to have a won-
derful care for the Settlers of the West, for
the actual settlers of the country. Why, Mr.
Speaker, the vfery thing these men ask is that
they may have railroads. They want them for
transportation; I ask my friend from Indiana,
who speaks so eloquently about the monopoly
of transportation, whether the great need of
the West is not competition in transportation.
This particular grant, this particular meas-
ure, encounters a peculiar opposition, a com-
bination of opposition here. The railroads
which have already got their lands are opposed
to any more grants. The Northern Pacific rail-
road does not want any more land grants.
They have got all they want, and so they do
not want to see any more made. Here is the
gentleman from Illinois, who opposed the
monopoly of the Central Pacific; when he
finds that here is a proposition to afford com-
petition of transportation, which is the very
thing wanted to break up these monopolies,
he opposes it. Those great monopolies are
opposed to all competition, and of course do
not want to see any more land grants for the
building of any new railroads.
We have heard from Duluth in opposition
to this measure. Proprietors of the railroad
leading from St. Paul, in my own State, to the
city of Duluth asked me a year ago to oppose
this measure. The president of that road
asked me to oppose it as a Minnesota man. I
told him tnat 1 would not do it, because the
people wanted competition in transportation.
And this leads me to say another thing, that
this is not particularly for the benefit of the
people of Wisconsin. It is more for the peo-
ple of Minnesota, because the western term-
inus is on the eastern line of our State. What
our people want is additional transportation.
All our agricultural products have to be sent
to-day over two lines of road. Those roads
have to-day a monopoly of the transportation
of all the agricultural products of that State.
It is to our great advantage that we should
have one other channel for their transportation
to market. This will enable the agricultural
products of Minnesota to be transported from
the eastern border of the State to a port on
Lake Superior. What we want more than any-
thing else is to get cheaper transportation;
and this measure is one of the means toward
that end by furnishing competition in tt&tts-
portation.
'Now, sii4, I believe that a system of land
grants well regulated, wisely carried out, will
work for the general advancement and pros-
perity of the whole country. I believe this i§
one of the measures which ought to be en-
couraged by Congress, because it will afford
facilities to the producers, to the actual set-
tlers, to the men toiling upon their farms in
the West, to get something in return for that
which they produce. It will give tb the peo-
ple living in Philadelphia cheaper flour and
cheaper bread by Opening up further channels
of transportation and creating a competition
against the present great monopoly of trans-
portation in the United States. One of the
most powerful monopolies in the country is
the monopoly of transportation. We ask to
have this bill passed in order that it may open
another channel. My friend from New Hamp-
shire will receive advantage from it by its
cheapening the price of flour.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Minnesota to yield to me for one irioment.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I will yield
to the gentleman for a few minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say, Mr. Speaker,
that if I understand the bill before the House
it is a revival of a land grant in pursuance of
what has been, so far as 1 have been informed,
the uniform custom of Congress to revive such
grants where good faith has been shown by the
parties and the work of construction has gone
on with a fair measure of energy and industry in
the expenditure of capital. And I understand
that in connection therewith there is an addi-
tional grant, involving some six or ten thou-
sand acres. There is an amendment pending,
1 believe, to strike out that additional grant.
For that amendment I shall vote. But I shall
sustain this and every other revival of a grant
where it can be shown that the parties have
exercised good faith and due diligence in carry-
ing the original grant into effect.
But while I shall do this I will vote for no
original grant of lands other than such as are
necessary to construct a great southern trans-
continental road. We have given the North
such a road, we have given the central States
and Territories such a road, and the people of
the South are entitled to such a road. And
therefore, when interrogated by my constitu-
ents, I told them that whenever that question
came fairly before the House I should support
it vvith what energy and power I had. These
are my relations to this bill and all bills of its
character, and to all proposed new land grants.
Mr. Washburn, of w isconsin. 1 ask my
colleague on the committee to yield to me.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I yield to the
gentleman ten minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I think
the House has been fully advised in regard to
this measure. There has been a good deal of
talk about it, and I do not desire to protract
the discussion. 1 simply wish to call attention
to the facts that are immediately involved in
this bill. And I wish to say here that no fact
that has been stated by the friends of the bill
has been in any way successfully controverted
or impeached. I hold up here a map of the
State of Wisconsin, which will show to any
man who desires to ascertain what the true
state of this case is. The original grant was,
as 1 before stated, from the tity of Madison to
the St. Croix river and lake, and thence to
the city of Superior and to Bayfield. I stated
the further fact that the grant was partially
executed. If you will look here at the map
you will see that the road is already com-
pleted from Madison to Lake St. Croix, or that
it will be within a few months. The cars itre
now running to within a few miles of Lake St.
Croix. Three fifths of the grant-is already
executed. We simply ask that the tittle may
now be extended, that we may construct the
remainder of the road. It is true that there is
