1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Joseph R. Curtis, relative to a claim growing
out of work upon a contract for the construc-
tion of a branch mint in the city of San Fran-
cisco ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of R.
\V. Gibhs, asking for the award of interest to
him under a claim of his upon the republics of
New Granada and Costa Rica. In order to
have that award there'must be an amendment
of the act of February 20, 1861, to carry into
effeot the conventions between the United States
and those republics. I move the reference of
the petition and accompanying papers to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT presented additional papers
relating to the claim of Mrs. Clara Morris,
praying compensation for services rendered
and for losses sustained in ministering to sick
and wounded soldiers during the war of the
rebellion ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Mar-
tha K. Shepard, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion on the ground of her son having been
wounded at Aldie Gap, June 19, 1863, and
died of typhoid fever m Columbian College
hospital, March 29, 1864 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of H.
13. Russell, of Duval county, Florida, praying
for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a petition ^ in favor
of Fernando J. Moreno, of the State of Florida,
pending before the Committee on Claims. I
have received some papers from him in con-
nection with his petition, and I ask that those
papers be referred to the same committee.
It was so ordered.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of J. E.
Wilborn, of Clark county, Mississippi, praying
for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petitions of
Josiah W. Hereford, ofHenry county, Virginia,
and of John T. Rice and N. J. B. Whitlocke,
of Westmoreland county, Virginia, praying
for the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
FINANCE REPORT.
Mr. SHERMAN. i make the usual motion,
that the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
on the state of the finances, with the accom-
panying documents, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1109) to provide a relief fund for employes in
the Executive Departments ot the Govern aient,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciarv, who were directed by a resolution
ofthe Senate of April 7,1870, to inquire into the
effect of the fourteenth amendment ot the Con-
stitution upon the Indian tribes and treaties
existing between the United States and Indian
tribes, submitted a report oil the subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to have some
extra copies of that report printed. _ It is on a
very important-subject—ot great interest to
the people of the frontier. 1 move, therefore,
that live thousand extra copies of the report be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will,
under the law, be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr ROSS. I am directed by the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a reso-
lution of the Legislature ofthe State of Kansas,
asking for the payment of what are known as
the Price raid claims, to report it back and
move that it be indefinitely postponed, the sub-
ject-matter having been disposed of, so far as
the action of the Senate is concerned, at the
last session.
The resolution was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. ROSS. The same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 315) to provide that
officers of the Army detailed to act as superin-
tendents and agents in the Indian department
shall give bonds as disbursing officers, have
directed me to make a similar report, and to
ask that the same disposition may be made ot
it, as the subject matter was disposed of by the
action of the Senate at the last session.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to tohom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 343) for holding terms of the district
court of the United States for the district of
Nevada, have instructed me to report it baek
and recommend its indefinite postponement.
I believe the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stew-
art] desires it to go upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
upon the Calendar with the adverse report of
the committee.
ItBFEItliNCE OF A BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 375) for the relief of
Robert Moir & Co. be taken from the table
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
miami indian reservation.
Mr. ROSS. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs have directed me to report back the joint
resolution (S- R. No. 259) relating to the Miami
Indian reservation in Kansas without amend-
ment; and I am authorized by the committee
to ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to withhold the further issuance of
patents or other evidences of title to lands
embraced in the Miami Indian reservation in
Kansas until otherwise directed by law.
Mr. PO.MEROY. I do not like to object.
I do not know anything about the facts ot the
case. I suppose my colleague does.
Mr. ROSS. I am in possession of some
facts in regard to it which make it exceedingly
probable to my mind that great frauds have
been committed in this matter.
Mr. POMEttOY. If my colleague knows
of any such facts I have no objection to the
resolution.
Mr. ROSS. All that I ask is a suspension
until there is time to investigate it.
Mr. HARLAN. The resolution _ can do
no harm. It merely requires that action shall
be suspended until Congress has had time to
examine the subject.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the tmrd
time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous^ con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (b. No.
1125) conferring certain jurisdiction upon the
United States district court for the western
district of Arkansas; which was_read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on tue
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1126) to incorporate the Capitol
Hill Savings-Bank of Washington, District ot
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District ot
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bin
No. 1127) to amend section seven of an act to
provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Montana, approved May 26, 1864;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee'on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill'(S-
No. 1129) for the relief of certain homeslead
settlers; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1128) to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Wilmington, in the State of Calitornia,
to Wickenberg, in the Territory of Arizona;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lauds, and ordered
to be printed.
forfeitures by customs officers.
Mr. FENTON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
requested to furnish, for the information of the ben-
ate, asUtementshowingtheainountsof money paiu
into tho Treasury as the proceeds of fines, penalties,
forfeitures, and seizures by customs omcers at tho
ports of New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
New Orleans, and Sau Francisco since the lstday ot,
January, 1863, up to and including the 30; h day oi
November, 1870. statingwhether such sums of money
were obtained by judgment in the courts, by settle-
ment, or compromise with parties detected m the
commission of frauds, and the causes of such seizures
and forfeitures, and of the exactions ot such lines
and penalties; also, a s atement ot the amounts
paid as moieties by the Treasury out of the iundx
thus received to officers of the customs m the ports
above named, and to informers and other persons,
during the samo period, with the names ot the per-
sons Irom whom such jnoioties have been exacted
and the amount received from each in all cases where
the amount was $1,000 or more; as also the ntuncs
of those to whom such moneys havo been paid, aoii
the amount thereof respectively; also, the name^
of the parties at tho different, ports above named
who have been detected in srnusglmg or otherwise
defrauding the oustoms revenue, and who havo
been prosecuted, criminally convicted, and punished
therefor otherwise than by tho payment ot mone}.
COST OF COLLECTING CUSTOMS.
Mr. FENTON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to ;
Raolved. That the Committee on Retrenchm* nt bo
instructed to lurnish a comparative detailed state-
meat of tho cost of collecting tnc> customs revenue ot
the ports of New York, x>o?ton, Philadelphia..Balti-
more, New Orleans, and San Francisco, with such
recommendations favoring a reductiun ui such ex-
 ii.   ,.rr. <-.<->>1-1 with t.ho ini £1*
penses as they may deem compatible with the inter-
eats of tho public service; also, to particularly report
on the present system and Practices connected with
tho warehousing business at the port ot ew Yoilt,
also, in relation to what is commonly known as toe
" genera! order business," and the cartage ot goods
■while in the custody of the Government.
transportation to the pacific.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested to fur-
nish the Senate with the entire cost of transporta-
tion of mails and freights of every description to the
Pacific coast; also to all intermediate points west of
tho Missouri river, from the annexation ot Caliipr-
nia to July 1,1S64; and also the expenses of the \\ ar
department and Indian Bureau duung the same
period in guarding the oveiland route from the Mis-
souri river to California against Indians and Mor-
mons, and the cost of the Indian service on the same
line, including in all ca&cs iroights and all otlici
expenditures.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not the slightest
objection to obtaining this information. 1
should be glad to have it myself; but I have
some reason to suppose that the Departments,
with their present clerical force, are overborne
with resolutions of inquiry, the answering of
which is expensive. I suggest to my friend
from Nevada to let this resolution lie over tor
a. day, and consult with the heads of Departs
ments to ascertain the expense of collecting
that extensive information and_the practica-
bility of doing it. Of course it is desirable to
save all the expense we can m that direction ,
and as I have objected to one'resolution Irom
the other side of the Chamber of an analogous
character, about the transportation of troopfe,
