918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
[Mr. Randall?] Who can tell best about this
policy and its working; those who have gone
upon the prairies when they are bare,. and
lived upon them until they are populated, or
those who have never seen them, and who but
theorize about what they do not understand?
Mr. RANDALL. One word.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Very well.
Mr. RANDALL. I would tell the gentle-
man that this land belongs as much to my con-
stituents as to his.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. Yes; but why
do they not go there and settle upon it? Do
they wish it retained a wilderness for fear
their grandchildren maysome tirnewish to emi-
grate?
Mr. RANDALL. Bo you not in this way
restrict them from doing so?
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. No, sir. Ifc
is the only policy that ever will make them-go.
Are not the land grant regions sought, apd
those without such provision avoided? We
have just passed a bill giving one hundred and
sixty acres of land to each soldier. Will you
make this grant useless by sfoppiug the system
of internal improvement? You might as well
offer a drowning man a drink of water as to
give a soldier his land out upon the western
prairies with no chance of a railroad. Pass
this bill, and he can take the intermediate sec-
tions, which will be valuable to him, or he can
sell his right for something. Reject it, and no
other measure can be presented with as much
merit. None will then pass, and the great
mass of soldiers' land rights will not be worth
the paper they are written upon.
The whole State of Wisconsin is asking for
this. The Governor of Wisconsin has been
down here twice to urge its passage. Every
member of the Wisconsin delegation here is
asking for it. The Legislature of Wisconsin
has memorialized for it. The Legislature of
Minnesota has lately sent me a memorial upon
that very subject, and under the broad seal of
the State they are here asking us to renew this
grant. Are these requests of States to be set
at naught and treated with contempt? What-
ever the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Raxdall] may say of the Wisconsin Legisla-
ture, he will hardly claim that in its worst
days it would not favorably compare with the
similar body of his own State. Hear the
words of Minnesota:
A joint resolution relating to extending the grant
of lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
from St. Croix river or lake to Superior and Bay-
field, in Wisconsin.
"Whereas it is of vital importance to the inter-
ests of the people of Minnesota that they should
have railroad communication with those portions
of northern Wisconsin lying east of the St. Croix
river and south or LakeSuperior; and whereas such
rsulroad communication will utilize to the people
of this State the undeveloped mineral, lumber, and
agricultural rcsouices of this region,now practically
inaccessible, aud also extend the benefits thereof to
the people of those Territories west of this State
which aie soon to he brought into communication
with our railroad system by the construction of the
Northern Pacific railroad, and of the St. P.iul and
Sioux City railroad, and of the St. Paul and Pacific
railroad; and whereas the want of such railway
communication through northern Wisconsin has
hitherto, by rendering impracticable the settle-
ment of s-aitl region and the development of its
great resources, been of material detriment to the
people of this State, impeding their progress in
many respects, and totally depriving them of any
advantage from the said mineral, lumber, and agri-
cultural resources; and whereas, by reason of the
facts_ hereinbefore stated, our people are wholly
deprived of the great advantage which would result
to them from railway communication with the har-
bors ot Lake Superior lying east of the extreme
westerly portion of said lake: Now, therefore,
lie it revolved by the Legislature of the Sta'e of Min-
nexotu, Jirxt, That our Senators and Representatives
in Congress be requested to use their influence and
to c.isr, their votes for those measures now pending
in Cpngress to renrwand extend to the Stateof Wis-
consin the grant of land heretofore made to it by the
United JHates by the acts of Congress in that behalf,
approved June 3. 1S5(5, and May 5, 1864, to aid in
building a railroad from St. Croix river or lake to
Superior and to Bujfield.
Second. That the secretary of Stato forward forth-
wuh to each of said Senators and Representatives
a certified copy of tln« resolution.
Approved January 25,1871.
State of Minnesota,
Office of Secbetary of State.
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy
of the original bill on file in this office.
In testimony whereof X have hereunto set my
r_ _ -i hand and the great seal of the State this 25th
s"J day of January, A. D. 1871.
H. MATTSON.
Secretary of State.
This matter involves the interests of
constituents who are living upon the prairies
and need additional transportation : who wish
to see established a rival line to compete with
the one already built, in order that they mly
get their breadstuff's to market more cheaply.
There is one more point to which I wish to
allude. When this grant was made the Gov-
ernment raised the price of the intermediate
sections to $2 50 an acre. Settlers went there
and bought the. land at that increased price.
They did so in the belief that this road was
speedily to be built. But for this belief scarcely
an acre of that land would have been taken.
Those people have been living there from year
to year in expectation of the building of the
road until they have become poor. It is not
the fault of the State of Wisconsin that the
road has not been built; it is not the fault of
those settlers. It is because the building of
the road was committed to a company without
the adoption of proper restrictions such as are
inserted in this bill. There was no provision,
as there is in this bill, for yearly forfeiture in
case a specified number of miles should not be
completed every year.
Now, for those lands the Government has
received $1,000,000, when otherwise the lands
would not have brought more than $500,000.
I have here a letter from one land office alone,
showing that in that district two hundred and
eighty thousand six hundred acres have been
sold at $2 50 per acre. Now, I say that if the
Government does not renew this grant it is in
duty bound to repay this money. To refuse
such reimbursement would be bad faith, if this
grant be not now renewed in order to subserve
the purposes for which it was originally in-
tended, that the road may be built, and that
the people may receive the advantages which
they had reason to expect when they paid this
advanced price for the land.
I speak m the interest of the men who set-
tled along that Lake, and who for the last ten
years have been waiting in expectation of the
building of this road, if the road be not built
they will be left in the poverty that this long
delay has involved them in. If this bill be
passed, I verily believe it will insure the con-
struction of the road, and that northern Wis-
consin, which is now so sparsely settled, will
be populated by those who will make her lands
blossom as they have those of Minnesota and
Iowa.
The gentleman from California [Mr. John-
son] has spoken of the $2 50 clause. I will
say that it is now incorporated in the bill as
to every acre except with regard to the pine
lands, unfit for settlement; and the friends of
the bill have advised me to admit the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [.Mr.
Julian,] which applies the $2 50 clause to
the pine lands.
Time will not allow me to go into any fur-
ther discussion of this subject; and I call for
a vote.
The SPEAKER. The first question to be
voted on is the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] to recommit the bill
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 84, not voting
53 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Archer. Arnell,
Bailey. Barnum, "Barry. Beatty, Bentnn, Bingham,
Bird, Bjiffinton, Burchanl, Calkin, Cessna, Sidney
Clarke, Cleveland, Coburn, Conner, Cook. Cox,
Crebs, Darrall, Degener, Dickey, Dickinson, Joseph
Dixon, Deckery, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela.Finkcln-
burg, Garfield. Getz, Griswold, Ilaight, Halrlewan,
Hambleton, Harris. Ilawley, Hay, Hill, Holman,
Holmes, Johnson. Thomas L.Jones, Judd, Julian,
Kellogg, Kelsey, Kerr, Ketcham, Knapp, Lawrence,
Lewis, Manning, Mayhnra, JMcGrew, McKee. Mer-
cur, EliakiraH. Moore, William Moore, Morey, Mor-
gan, Morphis, Niblack, Orth, Packard, Packer, Wil-
liam W. Paine, Perce, Phelps, Piatt, Porter. Rniney,
Randall, Reeves, Shober, Slocum, John A. Smith,
Starkweather, Steveus, Strader, Strong, Swann,
Sweeney. Sypher, Tyner, Upson, Van Auken, Yan
Trump, Voorhees, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Willard, Williams, Winans, Winchester,
Witeher. and Woodward—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Armstrong. Asper, At-
wood, Ayer, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Beth line,
Blair, Booker, Bowen, Boyd, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Church-
ill, William T. Clark. Amasa Cobb, Conger, Cowlcs,
Dawes, Nithan F. Dixon, Dox, Eldridge, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Fisher, Gibson, Gilfillan, Hale,
Hamill, Hoar. Hooper, Jenckes, ICelley, Laflin,
Lash, Loaran, Long, Loughridsrei Lynch, Maynard,
McCormick, McCrary, McKenzie, Milnes, Daniel J.
Morrell, Myers. Negley, Nevvsham. O'Neill. Halbert
E. Painp, Palmer, Peck, Peters. Poland, Pomeroy,
Price. Boots, Sanford, Sawyer, Scofield. Porter Shel-
don, Sherrod, Joseph S. Smith, William J.Smith,
Stokes. Stoughton, Strickland, Taffe, Tanner, Tay-
lor, Tillman, Townscnd. Van Horn, Wallacc, Cad-
waladerC. Wash burn, Wilkinson, Eugene M.Wilson,
Wolf, and Young—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Axtell. Beck, Ben-
nett, Biggs, Boles, James Brooks, Burr, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cake, Clinton L. Cobb, Corker, Culloin, Duke,
Ferry, Fitch, Fox, Hamilton. Hawkins. H;iys. Hef-
lin, Hoge. Xlotchkiss. Ingersoll, Alexander H. Jones,
Knott, Marshall, McCaithy, McNeely, Jesse II.
Moore, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey, Mungen,
Potter, Prosser, Rice, Rogers, Sargent, Schumaker,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon. Worthington O. Smith,
Stevenson, Stiles, Stone. Trimble, Twichell, Van
Wyck. Weils. Wheeler, Whitmore, John T. Wilson,
and Wood—53.
So the bill and amendments were recom-
mitted to the Committee on the Public Lands.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BIGGS stated that he was paired with
Mr. Hays, of Alabama, who would vote in the
negative, while he would vote in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. McNEELY stated that he was paired,
with Mr. Boles, who would vote against re-
committing the bill, while he would vote in
favor of it. He also stated that his colleague,
Mr. Burr, who was absent from the House
on account of sickness, was paired with Mr.
Hoge, who would vote in the negative, while
he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. RICE stated that he was paired with
Mr. Fitch, of Nevada, who would vote in the
negative, while he himself would vote to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, stated that
he was paired with Mr. Wilson, of Ohio, who
would vote in the negative, while he would
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. NEVVSHAM said: I voted ay," to refer
the bill back to the committee. I now change
my vote and vote u no."
Mr. HAWKINS stated that he was paired
with Mr. Ames.
Mr. POTTER stated that he was paired
with his colleague, Mr. Wheeler, who would
vote in the negative, while he would vote in
the affirmative.
Mr. MARSHALL said : Mr. Speaker, I am
sorry to say that I am paired with Mr. Rogers,
of Arkansas. If he were here he would vote
for the bill, while I would vote against it. On
this vote of reference I would vote in the affirm-
ative and he would vote in the negative.
Mr. HOGE stated that he was paired with
Mr. BurPv, who would vote in the affirmative,
while he would vote in the negative.
Mr. JOHNSON said: I will change my
vote from the affirmative to the negative. I
only voted as I did in order that amendments
might be offered and voted on. As the motion
is carried, I will change my vote and vote in
the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill and amendments were recom-
mitted : and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
