1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tbe question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend by-
striking out the word " original " and insert-
ing " copies of," so as to call for copies of the
papers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was adopted, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War furnish the
Senate with copies of all papers relating to the arrest
of one -— Hoyt during the war of the rebellion, for
trading with the rebels in Texas or otherwise, and to
furnish also copies of all papers relating to the arrest
and their discharge from arrest and censure of Byron
Sprague and William H. Reynolds for alleged com-
plicity therewith, as well as any reports or papers
directly or indirectly having reference to AVilliam
Spkaooe, a Senator of the United States from Rhode
Island, as a party thereto, or as to any alleged dis-
loyalty on the part of said Spjiaour in said matter or
any other.
Resolved, further, That the same be referred to the
Committee on Retrenchment to investigate the same,
with power to call for persons and papers; said com-
mittee in its discretion to report to tho Senate its
conclusions and recommendations.
lSMMA SI. MOORE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move ts take from the
Calendar, where it has been reported and
placed, the bill (EL R. No. 1S42) granting a
pension to Emma M. Moore, and that it be
recommitted to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL SERVICE RELIEF FUND.
Mr. DRAKE. As there appears to be no
further morning business, I ask the courtesy of
the Senate to consider two bills which I have
introduced, and in the'passage of winch I feel
a very considerable interest, and which I do
not think will give rise to debate. The first
one is Senate bill No. 1109. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of that
bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 110'.)) to provide a
relief fund for emploj6s in the Executive
Departments of the Government.
The bill directs that once iu each year, at
such time as the Secretary of the Treasury may
direct, there shall be deducted and withheld
from the pay of every person employed at
Washington in the several Executive Depart-
ments of the Government, (except the heads
thereof and of bureaus, and Assistant Secreta-
ries,) one tenth of one per cent, on the amount
of the annual salary of his or her office or em-
ployment ; and the money so deducted and with-
held, together with any sums which may be
added thereto by donation, is to constitute a
fund for the relief of any such person while
employed in any of the Departments, who is
unable from sickness or injury to perform^duty
therein, and in the event of the death of any
such person while in tho service ot the Gov-
ernment in any of the Departments, to defray,
in whole or in part, Ins or her luneral expenses ;
and to extend such relief to the family of the
deceased as may be demanded by their necessi-
ties, for a period not exceeding one month after
his or her decease. This fund is to be placed
in the custody of the Treasurer ot the United
States, and payments therefrom are to be made
by him upon tbe warrant of the board oi man-
agers ; and in his annual report he is to state
the receipts and disbursements on account of
the fund, specifying the amount received from
and expended on account o! the employs in
each Department. The fund is to be adminis-
tered by a board of managers, composed of the
chief clerks of the several Executive Depart-
ment?, under such regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury may establish. The board aie
to choose a chairman from among their num-
ber, and the Secretary is to detail a clerk in
his Department to act as secretary of and to
perform such other duties as may be prescribed
by the board; and all warrants drawn upon
the fund are to be signed by the chairman and
countersigned by the secretary ot the board.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with amendments, the first of which was in
section one, line five, to strike out the word
"person" and insert the words "clerk and
messenger;" so that the clause will read:
Thatoncein each year, at such timeastheSeoretary
of the Treasury may direct, there shall bo deducted
and withheld from the pay of every clerk and mes-
senger employed at Washington, &0.
Mr. POMEROY. The messengers receive
very small pay now, and their contribution will
be very small.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment is de-
signed to carry out the idea of the bill. We
do not want to levy these contributions on
subordinate employes; for instance, washer-
women, the people who scrub up, &c.
Mr. POMEIIOY. The bill itself is an awful
confession that we make our Government clerks
paupers. The whole bill is on that basis.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am afraid that is true
in many cases.
Mr. DRAKE. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Ohio that if this amendment is
inserted it exempts a very large class of per-
sons employed in the Departments who are not
either clerks or messengers. You would not
call an examiner in the Patent Office a clerk.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are included.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well; if that is the case
I have no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. It covers all but heads
of bureaus and heads of Departments. _
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not vote for this prop-
osition. If the committee were to propose
that there should be added from the Treasury
the amount which is proposed to be abstracted
by this bill from the pay of these different offi-
cers I would vote for it ; but I do not see what
right Congress has to withdraw from the sala-
ries of any class of the officers of the Govern-
ment a fund to contribute to the aged and the
disabled. If Congress wish to do that thing
let them provide that the same amount which
is now proposed to be withdrawn from the
salaries of the clerks shall be added from the
Treasury of the United States, to constitute
such a fund, and I will vote for it.
Mr. THAYER. I should like to have some
reason given for excepting from the operation
of this law heads of bureaus and heads of
Departments. I do not know why they should
be excluded any more than clerks. If we are
to pass it at all, I would include all who are
connected with the Departments.
Mr. DRAKE. I think there is an amend-
ment reported by the committee striking out
the exception.
Mr. THAYER. I would include all; the
justieesof the Court of Claims, [laughter,] and
all other Government officers here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain very briefly
this bill. It is for the purpose of organizing
a system of mutual relief among the various
emploj6sof the Executive Departments. We
have the fact stated to us, as the foundation of
this bill, that from one hundred to two hundred
of these employes die annually, some of them
without even the means of burial, and fre-
quently those expeuseshave to be raised by the
voluntary contributions of their fellow-clerks.
Tbe clerks are often called upon to aid the
d.Miig, to bury the dead, to relieve orphans,
and to meet those necessary and immediate
expenses occasioned by sickness and death.
Now, this is a movement on their own behalf,
emanating from them, to organize a relief fund
something upon the same principle as the Odd
Fellows' fund, the Masonic fund, and many
other voluntary organizations all over the coun-
try, and also the naval i'und. We reserve forty
cents a month from every sailor for the pur-
pose of organizing a fund of which he gets the
benefit. This a kind of insurance fund against
those calamities which may overtake persons
of small salaries and small pay. 1 his is a prop-
osition for the purpose ot enabling them to
organize their own fund in their own way. It
may be that it would be better to take the whole
amount out of the Treasury: but the com-
mittee did not think so. This is a voluntary
movement of the clerks in their own behalf.
The reason why clerks -and messengers are
referred to is this: heads of bureaus, heads
of Departments, and the like, receive such sala-
ries that there are not likely to be cases among
them requiring any aid of this character. They
are generally persons in the receipt of such
salaries that they can provide against the casual-
ties and contingencies which this bill contem-
plates. Therefore it is not right to levy upon
them any contribution for this fund, of which
they cannot receive the benefit. The bill was
drawn by the Senator from Missouri; but the
reason why heads of bureaus are excepted, I
suppose, is because they probably would not
receive any benefit from this fund, aud there-
fore they are not called upon to contribute to it.
No one is called upon to contribute to the fund
except those who are entitled to its benefits.
It i3 to be administered by the clerks them-
selvses; and, for the purpose of organization,
the chief clerk of each Department is to admin-
ister it under such rules and regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe. It
is merely an effort to organize by law a vol-
untary contribution for temporary relief among
these employes. So far as I know, and a num-
ber of them have spoken to me about it, they
are all in favor ofit.
The objection to leaving the matter to vol-
untary contributions is that those who are most
generous and free to give are called upon to
meet these sudden expenses, while probably
the young and thoughtless, those who are best
able to give, yet who do not contemplate the
possibility of poverty, sickness, and death, are
not generally willing to give the small pittance
required to meet temporary distress. There-
fore it has been thought better to provide a
general fund to which all shall contribute, and
then all will be entitled to the benefits arising
from it. It is somewhat analogous to the ad-
mirable system that has been adopted by various
organizations over this country, such as the
Odd Fellows and the Masons, for the relief of
each other. That is the whole substance of
the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I think there can be no
doubt that this measure is highly beneficent.
I trust that it may receive the approval of
this body. The honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] has well stated the fact that
perhaps the most valuable featurein this meas-
ure is that it provides the organization of a
charity. The difficulty about our charities,
whether public or private, generally is that they
lack the feature of organization which would
make them efficient. This proposes to furnish
that by a law which subtracts but an infinites-
imal portion of the salary ; it is but the tenth
part of one per cent. ; and for the year it will
allow a clerk receiving $1,500 salary to pay
SI GO, which shall insure to his family, should
he die during that time, the proper expenses
for his sepulture, or in case he should fall sick
provide a fund to maintain him during such
period as he might be temporarily disabled.
I should have preferred, for my part, that
these societies should be voluntary ; but as I
think that waiting for the voluntary action of
the parlies interested would be prejudicial, I
trust that the Senate will supply the great force
of organization which alone is necessary to set
this beneficent proposition in action. I hope
that the bill may not be objected to.
The VICE PtiESIDEN r. The question is
on the first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in section one, lines six and seven,
to strike out the words "except the heads
thereof, and of bureaus and Assistant Secreta-
ries," and to insert in lieu of these words the
words " at an annual salary:'' so as to read:
There shall be deducted and withheld from the
pay of every clerk and messenger employed at W a^.h-
ington in the several JExceutive Depaitmtnts of t.ne
