820
MM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
on account of damages committed by the Ala-
bama and other British cruisers.
Also, the memorial of J. F. Terry $pd 41
pthers, citizens of Fajrhaven, Massachusetts,
praying for the samgl
By Mr. CLARl£j of Texas: The petitions
of Franklif} Brigand, of Grimes con'rity; of
Bait Peterson, of Brazos county ; pi George
II. Sbley, of Fort Bend county, and of Robert
H. Leonard, of Jefferson county, Texas, for
removal of political disabilities.
By Mr. COBB, of North Carolina; The
petition of W." W. Brickell, pf Halifax county,
North Carolina, asking removal of his political
disabilities.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : A petition
of citizens of Ohio, asking that it may be pro-
vided in the bill for the incorporation of a
national university, now waiting the action of
Congress, that the teaching of homeopathy
shall be a branch of medical science in that
institution.
By Mr. INGERSOLL: The petition of
Alexander H. Gaston, of Henry, Illinois, and
CO others, asking the immediate restoration
of all legal-tender notes to the circulation
that have been retired, arid an addition of
$100,000,000.
By Mr. ICEL9EY; A petition of 15 mem-
bers of the Ontario and Yates counties (New
York) Homeopathic Medical Society, and 177
others, citizens of Ontario county, asking fpr
the removal of Hon. H. Van Aerna'm front the
office of Commissioner of Pensions for having
removed Dr. Stillman Spooner, a surgeori of
the homeopathic profession, from the office of
examining pension surgeon on the ground
that he did not belong to the school of med-
icine recognized by the bureau.
Also, a petition of 15' members of the .On-
tario and Yates counties (New York) Home-
opathic Medical Society, and 174 others, citi-
zens of Ontario county, asking that one or
more professorships of the principles and
practice of the homeopathic system of thera-
peutics may be provided for in the bill now
pending before Congress to establish a national
university at Washington.
By Mr. McKENZlE: A petition of 87 citi-
zens of the District, of Columbia, asking for
the rebuilding of the bridge across the Poto-
mac at the Little Falls of Potomae.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Fehruary 'Z, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
form of enacting clause, etc.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. B. No. 1351)
prescribing the form of the enacting and re-
solving clauses of acts and resolutions of Con-
gress, and rules for the construction thereof,
Mr. Tuumbui.i,, Mr. Anthony, and Mr. Davis.
ADMIRAL AND VICE ADMIRAL.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2509)
to abolish the office of Admiral and Vice
Admiral in the Navy Mr. Cragin, Mc. Wil-
son, and Mr. Stockton.
loss of judgment records.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (8. No. 141) relating to
records of courts of the United States. '
The amendment was to strike out the last
section of the bill, in the following words:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That in all causes
"Which have been removed, or shall'hereafter be
removed, to the Supreme Court of the United States
a duly certified copy of the reeord of such cause
remaining in the said Supreme Court may be filed
in the court from which said cause removed on
nio'tlon of any party or peWon efatoiflg to be inter-
ested thereinatid the copy so filed shall have the
same effect as the original regard )V0uJd have had if
ttie'sarrifj bad not been lpst ot: destroyed.
Mr. MOR&ILL, of ^rniQijt.' I move that
it J)® r^ferr^d tp the Committee op "tlje Judi-
ciary.'
- The VICE PRESIDENT. If ther.e bo no
objection it will be reserved until tlie chairman
of the Committee pn tpe "Judiciary pomes in.
The Chair submitted it tp him yesterday even-
ing, and he stated that'he would present to the
Senate his viewa in regard to it.
Mr. MDRRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is another
bill of the Senate returned from the House of
Representatives with an amendment which the
Chair wili also reserve until the chairman of
the Committee pn the Judiciary comes in.
house bills referred.
•The following bills, received from the House
of "Representatives yesterday, were severally
read twice by their tir'Les, arid referred to the
Committee bh the Judiciary:
A bill (H. K. No. 2925) to amend jip act
entitled "An act to require the bplding of
additional district and circuit courts of the
United States in the district of Indiana, and
for other purposes,7' approved June 30, 1S70,
arid for other-purposes;
A'bilt (H. BT.'No. 2926) to amend the act
entitled " An act'defining additional causes of
challenge and prescribing an additional oath
for grand and pptit jurors in the United States
courts," approved June 17, 1862;
A"bill (H."R. No. 2927) for the better organ-
ization of the district courts of the United
States within"the State of Louisiana; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No'. 488) to enable
owners to obtain duplicate of lost evidence
of indebtment against the United States.
The bili (H. R. No. '996) to provide for the
collection of debts'due from southern railroad
corporations, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 2657) for the relief of
David L. Wright, late captain of company E,
fifty-first regiment of Indiana volunteers, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 487) relative
tp school lands in the State of Oregon was
laid before the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should be glad to have
that lie over until to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
reserve it and present it to-morrpw.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WARNER presented the petition of
Pinkney B. Lawson, of Perry county, Alabama,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties; which was referred tp the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition
of citizens of Lancaster county, South .Caro-
lina, praying for the establishment of a mail
route between Rock Hill and Lancaster Court-
Hougg, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill No. 2538, to relieve certain per-
sons pf their disabilities under the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United State?.
The VIPE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia asks unapimous consent to proceed
to the cpnsideration of the House bill relieving
certain perspns pf their disabilities. Is there
objection ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I have po objection, but
I wish to offer a memorial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Senators
have risen with roprning business, which is in
the nature of an objeqtioq.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Rhode Island, in favor of
the passage of an act granting pensions to the
soldiers and sailors and widows of those who
served in the war of 1812 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented tho petition of cit-
izens of Oswego, New York, praying the pas-
sage of the bill to secure cheap trap'spprt^poh
of breadstuff's from the West to the Sea-board
at uniform rates throughout the yegr; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. HOWELL. I present the petition of
Amos B. Bee.be, "who sets forth that he was
drafted in October, 1864 ; that he paid for and
furnished a substitute, and' "ypt that, potsvitli-
standing, hq was forced into the A'rpy, and
servedfor some six months. Hp p.sj?s compen-
sation for the payment of his sub^titjit'e. I
suppose it had better be referred tp "the Cpm-
rhittee on Military Affairs.
The petition was'so referred.
Mr. COLE presented a petition of manufac-
turers and dealers in tobacco, snuff, and cigars,
in San Francisco, praying Congress fp rglieve
the great industry they are connected with from
the repetitious tax on "sales, as 'set fprth ip ji
resolution of the National Tobacco Assopja-
tion, so that manufactured'tobacco, snuff, and
cigars having paid the internal reye'nu.e tax
as manjifactured goods should', including leaf
tobacco, be treated as general merchandise,
and not be subject to a tax on sales ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Silas Shoecraft, a citizen'of Indiana, graying
remuneration to the amount of $2,500 for cer-
tain merchandise and supplies furnished (o
the twenty-pighth regiment of 'United St'ates
colored infantry, while that regiment was in
process of organization at Camp Fr6mont in
December, 1863 ; which 'was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SCOTT presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of the bill now pend-
ing in Congress entitled "An act to cause the
removal of machinery, arms, and stores, now
at the Alleghany arsenal, in the city of Pitts-
burg, and to sell the remaining property and
appurtenances to the municipal authorities
of the city of Pittsburg;" which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed, the bill
having been disposed of.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions of
J. H. Lane, of Angelina county, i-exas, of J.
K. Helton, of Bosque county, Texasj and of
S. W. Cox and A. L. Brigance, of O'wensville,
Robertson county, Texas, praying the removal
of their political disabilities; which were re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Rejnoyal
of Political Disabilities.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
Marshall M. Martin of West Virginia, praying
compensation for property taken by United
States troops in 1865; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARLAN. I present a petition of a
number of citizens of Iowa, residing in Audu-
bon county, who allege that they settled on
land as homestead settlers, took out their first
papers and remained on the land for five years,
and received their final certificate, haying
made full payments of all moneys required by
law; but that ultimately a decision has been
rendered against them, under which they fear
they will lose their improvements as well as
their lands; and they pray for such relief as it
is competent for Congress to give them. I
move that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
- The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a memorial
of the Yosemite valley commissioners of the
State of California. The memorial represents
that it has been the desire of the dbmtaission-
ers, in accordance with their duty, to make the
improvements necessary to make that valley,
