94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
&overnment at an annual salary one tenth of one
per cent., &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight of
section one, to strike out the word "annual
so aa to read " one tenth of one per cent, on
the amount of the salary." 4
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine of sec-
tion one, after the word "employment," to
insert "due to or received by him or her during
the year preceding."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line eleven, after the word "fund" to insert
" to be called the civil service relief fund."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
thirteen, to strike out the words " unable from"
and insert in lieu thereof the words "tempo-
rarily disabled by;" so as to read, "who is
temporarily disabled by sickness 01' injury."
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendmentwaa in section one, line
thirteen, to strike out the words "to perform"
and insert "from the performance of;" so as to
read, " who is temporarily disabled by sick-
ness or injury from the performance of duty
therein."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line five, to strike out the word "detail" and
insert in lieu thereof the word "designate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will now
be reported as it has been amended by the
Senate, and it will then be open to further
amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as amended, as
follows:
Be it enacted, £c., That once in each year, at such
tiino as the Secretary of the Treasury may direct,
thero shall bo deducted and withheld from the pay
of every clork and messenger employed at Washing-
ton in the several Executive Departments of the
Government one tenth of one per cent, on the
amount of the salary of lus orjier office or employ- j
ment duo to or received by him or her during the
year preceding; and the money so deducted and
withheld, together with any sums which may be
added thereto by donation, shallt constitute a fund,
to be called the civil service relief fund, for the relief
of any such person while employed in any of said
Departments, who is temporarily disabled by sick-
ness or injury from the performance of duty therein;
and in the event of the death of any such person
while in tho service of the Government in any of
said Departments, to defray, in whole or in part, his
or her funeral expenses; and to extend such relief
to the family of the deceased as may bo demanded
by their necessities, for a period not exceeding one
month after his or her decease.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted. That the said fund
shall be placed in the custody of the Treasurer ot
the United States, and payments therefrom shall be
made by him upon the warrant of tho board of man-
agers hereinafter provided for; and in his annual
report he shall state the receipts and disbursements
on account of said fund, specifying the amount
received from and expended on account of the
employes in each Department.
Sec. 3. Andbeit further enacted. That the said fund
shall be administered by a board of managers com-
posed of the chief clerks of the several Evccutiv-e
Departments, under such regulations as the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury may establish. The said board
shall choose a chairman from among their number,
and the said Secretary shall designate a clerk in his
Department to act as secretary of and to perform
such othor duties as maybeprescribed by said board;
and all warrants drawn upon said fund shall be
signed by the chairman and countersigned by the
secretary of said boaid.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. I will propose an amendment
for the consideration of theSenate without re-
ducing it to writing ; the Senate will compre- !
hend my proposition with sufficient certainty
to vote upon it. I am very much in favor of
the creation of such a fund, and I think that it
would be eminently humane and useful '; but I
doubt the propriety and the power of Congress
abstracting that fund from the pay or salary of
officers who are already too poorly paid. If
Congress have the power to organize such a
fund by abstracting it from the pay or salary of
the several officers mentioned by the bill they
have the right to organize the fund by a direct
appropriation from the Treasury. I think that
it would be more manly and more just, that it
would be more proper in every sense of the
word, if this fund is to be organized and estab-
lished, that the money for the purpose shall
be taken directly by appropriation from the
Treasury. I-therefore propose—the Senate
have my general idea—that this fund, instead
of being abstracted and taken from salaries
which are already too low, and which are in-
adequate for a proper compensation of many
of the officers, shall be taken directly from the
Treasury of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. The hour of one o'clock, however,
having arrived, the Calendar is before the
Senate, and the bill for the relief of J. Milton
Best is the unfinished business.
Mr. DRAKE. As this is probably the last
time that I shall ever have occasion to ask
any indulgence at the hands of the Senate, I
trust they will allow the Calendar to be post-
poned for the little time that it will take to
enable me to have this bill and one other
which I think will hardly give rise to debate
disposed of. I therefore move that the rule
requiring the Calendar to be proceeded with
be for the present dispensed tvith.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Missouri makes the motion which the Senate
has heard. The question is on his motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion ap-
plies to this bill, as the Chair understands, and
also to another one which the Senator pro-
poses to call up.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
1109) to provide a relief fund for employes in
the Executive Departments of the Government
is before the Senate, and the question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis.]
Air. TIPTON. I concur most heartily in the
remarks of the Senator from Kentucky. I
think the fact that a bill of this character is
before the Senate at all is evidence of the
necessity of more adequate remuneration for
those in the employment of the General Gov-
ernment; and I doubt seriously the propriety
of organizing a fund as first required by the
bill. I do therefore trust that such additions
will be made to the salaries of these offi-
cers as will enable the fund to be raised out of
those salaries, and I hope that the amendment
offered by the venerable Senator from Ken-
tucky will obtain.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, if it is the purpose to defeat the bill this
amendment should be adopted, because it is
altogether likely that if it be adopted the bill
will fail to pass. It looks to me exceedingly
small to increase the salary of an officer hav-
ing $1,500 a year by the sum of $1 50. This
is asked for by the clerks of the Departments,
and it is a measure of their own, put forward
by the Senator from Missouri. I trust, there-
fore, it will be allowed to pass.
Mr. .CONKLING. Will the Senator state
in what form the clerks have asked for this?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By verbal
request.
_ Mr. CONKLING. I inquired for informa-
tion ; I know nothing on the subject.
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky will pre-
vail. It is well known that the Government
is starving the employes in those Departments,
and I think it ought to bear their funeral
expenses.
Mr. DRAKE. I-trust, sir, that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky will not
prevail, and if for no other reason, for this:
that for the Government of the United States
to take out of the Treasury six or seven thou-
sand dollars a year to constitute this fund in
order to save a man whose salary is $1,000 the
payment of a dollar, and a man whose salary
is $1,200 one dollar and twenty ceuts, seems
to me to be a course of legislation that cannot
commend itself very strongly to the judgment
of any one. Why, Mr. President, all that a
man who gets $2,500 salary will pay into this
fund par annum will be the pitiful sum of $2 50:
and can he not afford to pay that, when per-
haps it may be $250 relief that he may get
from the fund afterward for that insignificant
payment? I really trnst that we shall pot mix
up our ideas of our duty to our clerks in thuir
salaries with a benevolent project of this kind,
which is for all time to come to be a benefit
to the whole mass of them.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I cannot con-
ceive the principle which will give Congress
the power to take this small pittance from the
pay of officers that would not allow Congress
to appropriate the same amount of money
directly from the .Treasury. I am as much a
friend to the creation of this fund as any mem-
ber of the Senate, and I have no doubt that a
proper regulation of this fund would result in
a great deal of good. It would be a great office
of humanity to many old and decrepit clerks
who have wasted and worn out their days and
their strength in the service of the Government.
I should like to see a fund that would contribute
to their comfort in their age and decrepitude,
but I do not want that fund created by abstract-
ing it from the poor pittance of these inferior
officers and employes of the Government with-
out their consent. If we have the power to
force the fund that will thus be created from
the officers on whom We propose to levy it we
certainly have the power to give it directly
from the Treasury. I am not disposed to ques-
tion the power of Congress to create such a
fund by direct appropriation from the Treas-
ury. Ipreferthe straightlorward, manly course
of taking it from the Treasury of the United
States, from which Congress have unquestion
ably the power to raise this fund if they have
the power to compel this contribution from
officers of the Government. I therefore make
my proposition of amendment in good faith
I have known men who have been in the faith-
ful service of the Government as clerks am!
employes for more than fifty years in this eit.v,
and 1 have seen many of them waste their lives,
their energies, brought to the brink of the grave
in old age in a state of destitution and pov-
erty; and I believe that it would be just and
right, and that it is within the scope of the
power of Congress, to make some such pro-
vision as this for men who are thus old, who
have thus been rendered incapable of further
service by wearing out their years and all their
energies in the service of the Government. I
therefore hope that my amendment will pre-
vail. I am in favor of its principle, and I
think it is a principle more manly, more enti-
tled to respect and to commendation, than that
embraced in the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr, President, I heard
some Senator say that the success of this amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky would tend
to defeat the bill; and, until I have some fur-
ther advice on the subject, I confess that is a
very tempting argument to me in favor of this
amendment. I do not forget that the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] said that the
clerks had verbally requested this proceeding ;
but before I vote for the bill I wish some Sen-
ator would amplifya littlethat explanation and
give us some assurance that the clerks wish
Congress to take possession of them, to appoint
guardians for them, to treat them as infants or
wards; at all events, to establish not only a
fund, but a compulsory fund, to be contributed
by themselves lor the benefit of each other.
My honorable friend from Ohio cited illus-
trations from the Masonic fund and the Odd
Fellows' fund, and he might have referred to
a great many funds, Christian, charitable, and
social, which men contribute voluntarily for
purposes which commend themselves to the
contributors.
