1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
Mr. SHERMAN. The naval fund is an
illustration.'
Mr. CONKLING. Hardly so. "When you
muster men into tiie Navy, or when you muster
men into the Army, when you hold them for a
term of years, for a specified time, or when you
bind an apprentice so that he is not his own
master for a specified time, you have a case
which is beyond the pale of this case entirely.
Mr. COLE. The naval fund referred to is
one for the support of the marine hospitals.
Mr. CONKLING. I am perfectly aware of
that, and I am aware of the controversy there
has been in regard to that. I know that it is
tribute called for by law and paid by seamen,
which tribute amasses a fund upon which the
inmates of those asylums are dependent. But
do not let us go to that, for it has certainly very
little to do with this case.
What is the proposition here ? Clerks, not of
manufacturing companies, not of merchants,
not of individuals, but clerks who are hired by
a great corporation known as a government,
are the people we are talking about. They are
of age and can speak for themselves. Some of
them may be married women; but even those
do not require the kind of coverture provided
in this bill. Now, I want to know why it is,
if they want to contribute a fund voluntarily,
if they waut to organize among themselves, if
they want to become mutual insurers, that they
cannot do it without compuls:on from us.
Some men deem it a very wise thing to insure
their lives; and you hear very siirewd men
explaining how much they gain by paying up
policies upon their lives. Other people do not
choose to do it; very likely these clerks do not.
Now, if we should pass a law that would com-
pel them to devote a certain portion of their
salaries to paying premiums on life assurances,
there would be a provision that would be cer-
tain to leave something behind them when they
"shuffle off this mortal coil," or when they get
sick, according to the policies of some of the
insurance companies. But I want to hear why
it is that we are bound to stretch out our hand
and take hold of this particular class of people
and exercise a jurisdiction which seems to m#-
so extraordinary. If there is any reason for
it, if they have not the intelligence or the apti-
tude or the free agency to do this for them-
selves, and it is necessary that they should be
put in pupilage in this way and subjected to
coercion, to legal duress, so be it. But, then, 1
must agree with the Senator from Kentucky
that it seems to me a less invasive proceed-
ing, a proceeding more defensible upon the
rules of right, woifld be for those who propose
to apply the coercion to supply the means with
which that coercion is to be answered. But, as
far as I am advised now, I do not believe one
word in any of these grand, agglomerated,
congregated arrangements by which people are
compelled to take care of themselves. I think
the law of nature, as a rule, is more potent in
that respect than any laws likely to be passed
by Congress.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I confess
my inability to understand the merit of the argu-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky or the
Senator from New York. If we choose to reduce
the compensation of the clerks ten per cent.,
we have the power. If we simply hold it back,
and do not put it into a reserve fund, we have
the power. Why talk about the power of Con-
gress to abstract this from their compensation,
when we have1 a right to cut it down to any
extent, so far as power is concerned ? It is no
question of power at all. It is simply a ques-
tion of taking a very small sum that they will
not miss for the benefit of the unfortunate or
of the improvident—one tenth of one per cent.,
.■SI 50 a year, out of $1,500. There are young
men dying here every year, clerks who die in
poverty and leave their families penniless.
Their families cannot even get home without
the contributions of their friends. Some will
contribute, and some will not; and, as was
remarked before) the contribution falls upoa
a few generous clerks, while others, perhaps,
who are better able, give nothing. Now, is it
not a matter of humanity, a matter of simple
justice, that we should provide a small fund,
a tax so small that they can scarcely perceiye
it, by which these cases may be provided for?
And it is a certainty ; there is no humiliation
about it; there is no anxiety about it; there
is .no begging when a clerk dies—nothing of
that sort; but here is a small fund which is to
be contributed in away that oppresses nobody,
and they would not know it if they were not
informed by the law that it was provided.
Here is a small fund out of which the burial
expenses can be paid and all this humilia-
tion and suffering obviated. I am for it, sir,
decidedly.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, until Con-
gress shall by proper legislation manfully meet
the wants of the employes of this Government,
I trust that they may be harassed with visions
such as have floated before the imagination—
and they are no imaginary visions either—of
destitution and of want. I wish to see this
question met and settled. I wish to see this
question so met and settled that there shall be
permanency in the officers of the Government,
and then these necessities will not arise. If
the clerks of the Government had been suffi-
ciently remunerated for their services, and
if those services had been such as that they
should have been performed without, political
and outside interferences, there would not be
this danger of want, and there would not be
this necessity of temporizing legislation. I
therefore protest against acting in behalf of
them, or as their representative, until such
time as I know that they demand my services
in this Chamber. I have been one of them in
other days ; I understand their wants; I under-
stand the contemptible slavery under which
they labor in the Departments ; a slavery from
which they cannot be emancipated until their
tenures are made permanent. I would make
their position so permanent as that they could
not be touched excepting for cause, for delin-
quency; and when occasionally one would die
I would bury him in a vault under the building,
in orderthat the outside, anxious, greedy world
should not know that a vacancy had occurred
inside. [Laughter.]
I say, therefore, that we should take hold
of this subject in a radical 'manner ; and cer-
tainly it ought to be radically done when the
chief justice, the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Drakij,] works at it at all ; but I
fear there is too much of conservatism in this
operation of his. I trust that he, receiving
additional honors and high responsibilities,
will not desert his radicalism; but I should
like to see him lay the ax at the root of this
question, and then I will labor side by side
with him for the purpose of erecting a super-
structure on his excavation that I trust will
stand, and not only stand, but be a monument
of the wisdom of the legislation of Congress.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I would not
say a word about this matter it it was not akin
to another subject which has been forced upon
my attention this morning in a very striking
though not an unusual way.
I agree entirely with those Senators who think
a fund ought to be provided for the relief of
destitute clerks and for the burial of the poor
whether they have been in the employ of the
Government or have not been. I do not agree
with those Senators who think that fund should
be provided by levying contributions out of
the pay of the clerks themselves, and I do^not
agree with my friend, the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and others, who think that there should
be a special addition made to their pay out of
the Treasury lor this specific purpose. On the
contrary, I believe that the Government should
agree beforehand to pay to every man in their
employ what they think his services are worth,
and I think no man should accept the sum
offered by the Government unless in the exer-
cise of a good, wholesome judgment be thinks
that is as well as he can do anywhere else; and
I do not mean anything personal. Having
deliberately chosen, however, to accept the
sum which the Government offers, I think they
should abide by that choice and take the con-
sequences. Cases of destitution do arise, of
absolute need, absolute want. The public
fund, the public wealth is adequate to meet all
auch cases.
Mr. President, I was coming down from the
Treasury Department this morning, and on the
stone steps leading to that building I found a
most wretched specimen of humanity asking
charity. That is not an unusual sight about
the public buildings. You find such objects
daily, and every day. I stand hero to declare
that I believe somebody—I was almost inclined
to say ought to go to the State prison when
such spectacles are allowed to be exhibited in
these streets. They cannot exist without a
grave crime being committed by somebody, 1
do not know by whom; but this I do know,
that if these are exhibitiens of absolute, actual,
honest need, if those poor creatures have no
other resource by which to supply their personal
wants but that of begging on the streets, then
the crime rests upon our shoulders; we are
guilty. We are guilty because we do not pro-
vide by law and furnish the means from the
wealth of this great country to provide for every
absolute personal want there is in the commun-
ity. That is our duty. If, on the contrary,
this is not actual want, but pretended want; it'
it is dishonesty, shamming poverty for the sake
of levying contributions on the charitable and
on the generous, then the guilt is with them.
But we cannot say that until we know that we
have provided a public fund to meet all positive
actual want. When we have done that, then
we can prohibit by law begging on the high-
ways, and then we should do it.
But, Mr. President, I think the public wealth
is the only fund out of which you should pro-
vide for all these cases, both the poor clerks
and the poor of every other description. I
agree entirely with what was said by the hon-
orable Senator from New York, so far as he
went. 1 do not like this mode of singling out
a single class of our people and putting them
undersurveillance, underguardianship. I think
the clerks who are employed in these Depart-
ments are abundantly capable of administer-
ing their own funds—no, not abundantly ; none
of us are ; but to this remark I should make
some exceptions. I am not abundantly able,
but then I am willing to take all the responsi-
bilities that befall my deficienciesin that respect,
and I expect to take them. I think, however,
the clerks are as able to administer their
finances as the heads of the Departments or
the chiefs of bureaus can do it for them. I
think, on the whole, they had better trust them-
selves. ■
Mr. President, you have tried this policy for
a great many years with regard to one class of
your people; that is, the sailors. You com-
menced levying contributions out of their pay
to provide a fund to take care of them. You
had not prosecuted that but a few years before
you began to appropriate money out of the
| public Treasury to bnild marine hospitals for
| them; and if you start this policy with regard
| to your clerks, I apprehend it will be but a
: short, time before you will be appropriating
I money out of the public Treasury to build a
| civil service hospital or something of that sort,
; I think you had better let them administer their
: own finances and take care of themselves.
| Those who are not really able to do that are not
! able to earn even the salary of a clerk. Bat 1
I do think—and this is the thing I want particu-
[ larly to say—that there is a grave duty resting
upon this Congress, and that is to provide a
regular fund and a sufficient fund to relieve
all actual want within the District of Colum-
bia. It is a burning shame, it is a hideous
crime before God and before man, that there
[ should be here, under the shadow of this Capi-
I tol| any auch thing as real personal want.
