1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9f
into power again. It was with. reference to
that event, in some long distant, future, dark
day of this Republic, that I offered the amend-
ment I did to the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky.
In reply to the invitation of my honorable
friend from Delaware to return as a prodigal to
the Democratic party, to which lonce belonged,
I would say that the Scripture prodigal left his
laiher's house to spend his substance in riot-
ous living, and when he had accomplished it he
came back home repentant. The Democratic
party of this countiy in the South left me to
spend its substance in the riotous living of
rebellion and treason agaiust their Govern-
ment; and when they have spent all their sub-
stance and been reduced down to feed upon
the husks that are given to the swine, and eomo
back repentant, I will receive them. Never
shall I go back to them to join them in that
feast upon the husks to which they have driven
themselves.
Mr. SAULSBURY. There is one particular
in which the parallel between the prodigal son
mentioned in the Scripture and.the honorable
Senator from Missouri, my personal friend,
does not hold good. It is true that the prodi-
gal son mentioned in Scripture did feed on
husks and with the swine. But since the Sen-
ator became a prodigal atid left his lather's
house he has fared far more sumptuously than
did the prodigal son mentioned in the Scrip-
ture. [Laughter.] In that respect certainly
the parallel between the two cases does not
hold good.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to hoar the
amendment read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky will bo read, and
then the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DRAKE. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri withdraws his amendment to
the amendment. The Secretary will read the
amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr. '|
Davis, as follows: i
That no a«s^ssm«nt whatever fur any electioneer- !
ingor political purposes shall bo mode or collected j!
on the ofiaccrs and employes aforesaid; and every
nctoi such assessment or collection shall be a mis- |!
demeanor, which shall, ii>m facto, produce the forfeit- j'
tire of any office or placa held by any person making ;
or attempting to make such assessment orcollectiou; j
and such person shall be held to be di^ualiiied and !
ineligible to all places of trust and pxolit under the !
United States. i
Mr. WILSON. That amendment, I think, j1
applies only to the persons mentioned in this ji
bill. I desire that the principle of it shall apply i
to all persons holding office throughout the I
whole country. So desiring, I introduced some '!
days ago a bill for that purpose, which ] will J
send to the Chair and have read. I think it 1
covers more than the proposition of the Senator i
from Kentucky, with which I entirely agree.
I should like to have it read, and then, if the !
Senator from Kentucky will agree toil, I should
like to have it substituted in lieu of the present '
amendment, as it reaches the evil to which lie
refers, and another great evil.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary .
will read the proposed amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts for the information of !
the Senate. It is not yet offered.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That it is hereby made unlawful for any head ot a :
Depart meat, collector of custom? or ot internal rev-
enue, or other Government, officials to permit ;tnv
astessnients ot money to be niude upon clerks or other ;
employes under then- control for politic..! or oilier
purposes. And any Government otlicial who shsili
permit, eouatemmec, or encourage, or shall know-
ingly fail io prohibit and prevent any such a--"e?s-
meuts. iju-1 any cleik or other employe who shell j
payor promise to pay any such :<--;r--;nc::! . :hall, 1
upon conviction, be dismissed troni oftice, and be sub- 1
jeet to a line not exceeding tsl.UOO, and to impiison- j
meat not excieslill'; one \eitr. ;
Aid be  •' /urtheren'idcd, That to any oath no-,-,- sub- ;i
scribed by any Government official or employe on il
41ST Coxg. 3L> SESS.—No. 7.
receipt of Ins or her salary, any violation of which
shall ,<ubjeftt the offender to the punishment herein
provided, there shall be added the following words:
4'And that I have not during the same time paid nor
promised to pay any assessment or involuntary con-
tribution lor political or other purposes." And any
importer, broker, agent, or other person, who shall
give or offer to give,any present, gratuity*,reward,
or compensation, directly or indirectly, to any Gov-
ernment official or employ e, or to any member of his
or her family, ior any services rendered or promised
to be rendered in connection with the duties of his
or her office, shall also, upon conviction, be subject
to the punishment herein provided. And any per-
son violating any of the provisions of this act shall
be prosecuted by the proper legal olhcersof the Gov-
ernment tor the district in which such person resides.
Mr. DAVIS. I have given but a very cur-
sory attention to this subject. 1 perceive that
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts has
luid u under consideration, and has reflected,
no doubt deeply and extensively, upon it. I
think his proposition is more comprehensive,
and would be more complete in its operation
than the one I have ottered, and with his con-
sent 1 will offer as my amendment the sections
of his bill which have just been read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky accepts the proposed amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts. The question
recurs on the amendment as thus modified.
Mr. DKAKE. I had hoped when I pre-
sented this bill to be able to do something that
would leave a permanent benefit which would
be felt among the employ6s of the Government
in the Executive Departments in this city.
But, sir, I perceive that matters are taking
such a turn that it will bo impossible for me
to accomplish that object; and as I have
another bill which is of very much wider im-
port and value to the country, i move that the
further consideration ot this bill be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. POMEKOY. Indefinitely postponed.
Mr. DRAKE. No, sir; not indeiinitely.
]jet it remain on the Calendar, and it can be
taken up again when, perhaps, the Senate will
view it with more favor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion ot the Senator from Missouri, to
postpone the pending bill and amendment until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
APPUEMICES VJ THE NAVY.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 now ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 65u.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 653) to promote the
securing of eiiicient seamen for the Navy of the
United States.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacring clause and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That, in addition to the number of men and boys
now authorized by law ia thu N«tvy of the United
Slate,-, there i-liall be annually received into the
naval service, ns far a-s practicable, from aU parts of
the couutv>, not more than three hundred boys, of
not le.-^tlian i'uieen nor more than seventeen years
of fur*, who. upon examination, shall have been found
ot jnied inuml diameter and physically capable to
ser\e in the Navy a-s nppientices until the age of
twenty-one years unless sooner discharged there-
from lor iO' apjieuy or mi-conduct, and lo be dis-
tinsui-hel from otlii-r boj*  m the service by the
anpcUu.!ion <>t' Union appicnticos, nnd to receive
such ) Me oi i>-iy as iuny be fixed by the President of
tho United fcUtcs. m
And Oe; if ftnfhcr cn<tcled, That any such
apm-entice serving until the ccreot twenty-one years,
R'V.UerUned bv hiacommanding uilicersto have been
oi {food diameter and conduct during his service,
fhnil be entitled to examination for promotion to
two gr.ul^ of Union seaman, which examination
Mmll be in. ide b,v aboard of ofheers detailed lor that
purpew-; which board shall leport upon the profes- :
moiwI and phy--ic.il qualifications of the applicant; j
and if their report be tavjrablc. the Secretary of the j
Navy fhaii i.^ue to the apphrantawritten appoint- ,
liient as Uah-n xuxwnu, which appointment shall
be hMd bv hun during life, unless taken from him
by the senicnco of a&eneralcourt-martial.urbyhim
resigned. , ^ _ .
bKC. o. Avlht, it further cnatfeihThzt Onion seamen
shall be of two elapses: those of class number one
shall be considered to conespond to the ratooi sea-
men, and tuo&e of class number two to the rate ot
ordinary seamen. Union apprentices may bo pro-
moted to either class, as they may be found Qualified.
Sec, 4. Andbeitfurther enacted. That Union seamen
shall be borne on the Navy Register; shall wear a
distinctive uniform or badge; shall be eligible to
promotion to petty officers' ratings, and to the posi-
tion of warrant officers; and when within the limits
of the United States shall be entitled to such leave
of absenee as the Navy regulations allow, and shall
always be subject to orders to duty.
Sec.5* A nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Navy shall require of all commanding officers
having Union apprentices or Union seamen under
them to give special attention to their training and
conduct, and to make periodical reports of their
general character and conduct, and also as to the
working of the system established under this act.
Sko, 6. And be it further enacted, That seamen and
ordinary seamen, over twenty-ono years of age, now
or hereafter enlisted in the Navy, may, after a ser-
vice therein of fiveyears, including any service prior
to thepassage of thisact, upon producing certificates
from their commanding officers of good character and
conduct, and passing examination, as hereinbefore
provided in the case of Union apprentices, be entitled
to receive appointments as Union seamen, with the
same force and effect as authorized in the ease of
such apprentices^
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That Union sea-
men appointed under this act shall not be in addition
to, but a part of, the whole number of seamen which
may at any time be allowed by law in the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DBAKE. I am instructed by tlie Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to offer the following
amendment as an additional section ;
And be it further enacted, That from and after the
passage of this act there shall be made to the petty
officers, seamen, ordinary seamen, coal-heavci>,
musicians, and boys, whoshall hereafter enlibt in the
naval service of the United States, the same allow-
ance for clothing as is now, or may hereafter be,
authorized by law to be made to the non-commis-
sioned officers, privates, musicians, and boys in the
Army or in the Marine corps of the United States*
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were'concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FKOM THE IIOUSK,
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieuson, its Cierk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (II. 11. No. 2426) authorizing tlie
transfer of valid preemption claims to actual
settlers *
A bill (II. R. No. 2428) to remove the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States from William M.
McGrnder, of Henrico county, Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. '2511) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities from William
Oardwell and Richard 1. Gaulding, both of
Charlotte, Virginia; and
A bill (II. K. No. 2520) to amend scction
twenty-five of the act of July 15, 1870, pro-
viding homesteads for officers, soldiers, sea-
men, marines, and other persons who served
in the Army of the United Slates during the
rebellion.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 118) to place the name of Benjamin S.
Richards on the active list of the Navy.
J. MILTON BEST.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate now
resumes the considerat ion of the Calendar, and
the first bill in order is the bill (S. No. G67) for
the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best, which was the
unfinished business the day before yesterday,
and also last evening at the adjournment, the
Senate having refused by a vote of yeas and
nays to postpone it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read for
information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follow;':
Be it enacted, d'c.. That there be. and is beieo},
appropriated, onto) any moneys in 'ho Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, tin: sum of ^-'o.CW to l r. j.
Milton Best, of PaJueuh, Kentucky, iu compensa-
tion for the destiuction of his itn-eiling-house snii
its contents, by order of Colonel S. J. i-iK'.iS, ryai-
manding the United State*troop;laducah, Ken-
tucky, on tlie ikh. day of Alaroh, loot.
