98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the reading of
the report.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Howe, from the Committee
on Claims, on the 15th of March last:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of I>r. J. Milton Best, submit this their
report:
This claim is for the value of a dwelling-house
and its contents, destroyed by order of Colonel S. G.
Hicks, of the fortieth regiment of Illinois volunteers,
commanding the Union forces in defense of the city
of Paducah, Kentucky, in March, 1864.
On the 25th of March General N. B. Forrest attacked
the city in force. Colonel Hicks, with a command of
about seven hundred men, withdrew into Fort Ander-
son. The sharp-shooters of the enemy soon took pos-
session of claimant's house and grounds in large num-
bers, about one hundred and fifty yards from the
fort; and in thaffrosition did great execution in pick-
ing off the men at the guns within the defenses. They
were driven from the house by shells from the fort
and gun-boats; and the enemy's whole force retired
from the assault at eleven o'clock thatnight without
success. They appeared again next morning with
reonforcements, and Colonel Ilicks, regarding his
command in great peril, having exhausted, or nearly
exhausted, his ammunition the preceding night, gave
orders ft r the destruction of all houses within mus-
ket-range of the fort. The order was executed at
once, and claimant's house was burned, with its con-
tents. The enemy then withdrew.
Fort Anderson was planned in 1861, and located
within one hundred and fifty yards of claimant's
house, which had been completed early that year.
When General C. Smith located the fort in the
fall of 1861 he decided, in consultation with officers of
his command, to have the claimant's house, together
with other houses in the immediate vicinity, con-
demned and removed, and to that end ordered a
board of officers to assess the value, &e.; but that
boaid never reported, and, according to testimony
of General E. A. Paine, failed to report because of
the movements of troops to which officers composing
the board belonged, and thus the condemnation was
never consummated.
Complainant's house, a very large, high-posted,
three-story brick one, of solid walls, overlooked the
fort, and pioved in this battle a great fortress forthe
enemy, and Colonel ilicks regarded its destruction
essential to the safety of his command.
The claimant's loyalty is unquestioned, and the
officers in command at that post from time to timo
during the war testify to his reliability and the
effective aid he rendered the Union cause.
In October of that year the post commander, in
anticipation of another attack, ordered the standing
walls of the house to be pulled down, and during the
ensuing winter the soldiers used the bricks in making
walls and chimneys for their winter quarters; and
thus the entire dwelling-house, its contents, and
materials were lost to claimant.
The value of claimant's property so destroyed is
proved with particularity, and satisfactorily to the
committee, amounting to $27,053 9.1.
The case presents the simple question of who shall
pay for the destruction of a loyal citizen's property,
destroyed by the order of a eommanding officer to
save his imperiled army, at the claimant's home, a
place never in possession of the enemy and in a non-
seceding State. Paduoah was garrisoned by Union
troops from the beginning to the close of the war:
was often threatened by the enemy, and more than
once attacked. It is a city whose inhabitants were
mostly disloyal in sentimont during the rebellion.
The fort was built, as it were, under the shadow of
the claimant's houso, rendering the destruction of
the houso necessary, as the event proved.
It appears to your committee that the facts estab-
lish ajust claim against the Government for private
propel ty taken and destroyed to prevent a greater
destruction of its own property and the massacre of
its troops.
But it is the opinion of the committee that the inju-
ries to the claimant's house by shelling out the rebels
in the battle of tho 25th of March may be regarded
as a casualty by the general ravages of war, which
might properly be deducted from the amount of loss
proved by claimant. And as no proof is found of the
injury during the battle, and as the burning of tho
property followedsosoon after the battle as to almost
preclude tile possibility ofproof upon that point, the
committee have reported a bill for tho payment of
825,000, instead of thefull amount of damages, proved
at «-27,«,53 93.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
subject to debate, under the five-minute rule.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senate is to do
such an act as to pass this bill, I hope it will
be done gravely and when the Senate is fall.
Now, sir, what is this proposition? And I
ask the question because it seems to me it is
more obnoxious than 1 understood it to be from
the reading of a part of the report the other
day. This man was the owner of a house in
which, following almost the language of the
report, during a battle, the enemy took shelter;
and, in consequence of that, during the actual
positive proceeding and struggle of war, this
house was destroyed. I discard from my state-
peat what the report says about the brieka
being made use of afterward to construct winter
quarters for the soldiers, because we all know
that if the house was burned the walls as walls
became valueless; the bricks as bricks might
be used for some purposes, anditdidnotinjure
them if they were used in the way that is stated.
At all events, that is a very unimportant part
of this claim ; therefore I shall treat it suffi-
ciently by considering it as I have stated.
And now I inquire who the man in Kentucky
is, not entitled to pay, if the rails were taken
from his fence to make afire at abivouac; who
the man is, not entitled to pay, if his grass or
his crops were trampled down by the advancing
army; who the man is, who was smitten by
a cannon ball or by a shell in his property and
his property destroyed, who is not entitled to
.be paid? I submit, sir, that this is the naked,
unmistakable case of property destroyed not
only in war, during war, but destroyed for all
legal purposes during the conduct of a battle
itself, if that makes any difference.
Mr. President, the logic by which alone this
claim cau be supported, I submit, would beg-
gar any nation, unless it is this nation. I
know of no arithmetic that will compute the
amount of claims to be acknowledged and paid,
if in truth every Union man, woman, and child
(and I reject, for this purpose, the distinction
between the men who lived in Kentucky and
those who lived in States further south) who
was injured by the war is to be paid by the
Government of the United States.
I know that according to public law, and to
well ascertained principles, a case something
like this might arise in which the claimant would
be entitled to pay. If our troops had occupied
his house as a barracks, and if in consequence
of that occupation the war had been attracted
that way, the enemy's army had been induced
to come there and visit it and destroy it, then
upon principles argued long ago in both
branches of Congress, when the owners of
houses in the village of Black Rock applied
to be paid, you might spell out this claim.
But here this man's house was situated in the
theater of war; war was progressing then and
there. The enemy, as the report says, occu-
pied this house, ana drew upon it, not only the
lire of our troops, but it became an act of
national self-defense to raze it to the ground
so that it should no longer furnish cover to the
enemy.
I shall accomplish my purpose if I only
attract the attention of Senators to the fact
that this is not an isolated claim, not a pecu-
liar claim, but a claim belonging to a multi-
tude which no man can number, and which, so
far as I know, has never yet been recognized
in either House of Congress. If the time has
come to recognize it and to establish this pre-
cedent, so be it; but I submit that it should be
upon deliberation, and I hope it may be when
the Senate is fuller than the Senate seems to
be now.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have
heretofore had occasion to express my views
very fully upon the principle embodied in this
bill. The principle is this: that it is the duty
of the Government of the United States to
indemnify the owner of property who himself
is a loyal man against all loss and damage
done to his property by the operations of the
Union Army. It is to convert the Govern-
ment of the United States into a universal
insurer of the property of all Union men
throughout the country against loss, destruc-
tion, or damage by the operation of the Union
troops engaged in actual war, in prosecuting
actual hostilities for the purpose of putting
down the insurrection. I assert that that is a
principle not recognized by public law, by the
law of nations, or any other code of law or
morals known to the civilized world. It has
never been applied by our own Government,
by the Government of Great Britain, or any
other civilized Government in the world.
The Committee on Claims propose to set a
precedent, which is to stand as such for all
future time, and by which all claims of this
nature for the future are to be adjudged and
settled. I can never agree, in the case of a
war waged upon our country, in which our
Government is engaged, and in which our
armies find it necessary to resort to active
operations in the field, that there is any obli-
gation at all, as a general rule, on the Govern-
ment to indemnify those who may accident-
ally suffer by the operations of war, as was
the case in reference to Mr. Best, the present
claimant.
As has been remarked, there would not be
money enough in the Treasury of the United
States to satisfy all these claims. They would
rise thicker than the frogs of Egypt in the
future and beset us here in our seats, and we
should be compelled to encounter all the per-
jury that could be invented by interested claim-
ants until the time should finally elapse when the
claimants themselves would become ashamed
to present these claims before Congress.
Sir, when a Government has established it-
self, when it has provided the ordinary means
of securing peace and order to its citizens or
subjects, when it has organized courts of jus-
tice so as to afford a remedy to the citizen
for private injuries done him, then, in contem-
plation of public law, the Government has
done all that is required for the protection of
the citizen. And there is no obligation on the
Government in cases like this, where property
has been destroyed in the prosecution of war,
to indemnify the sufferer; and I challenge
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Claims to produce an English precedent, or a
French precedent, or any other civilized pre-
cedent in favor of the general principle which
he seeks to establish by this bill.
Now, sir, it is said that we are bound to make
good the ioss which was occasioned to the
owner of this property by the operation of the
Union forces, that we are bound to indemnify
him; we are bound to pay him, according to
the committee, dollar for dollar, the amount
of damage which his property has sustained.
Why not go further, sir? Is the loss of prop-
erty more serious to the owner or to the fam-
ily than the life of the owner or the life of the
family? And still I apprehend the chairman
of the Committee on Claims would be the last
to bring in a claim here and ask us to indem-
nify the family, the sons and daughters, the
widow of a person who had been accidentally
killed by the operations of the Union Army'in
prosecuting the war.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have expired.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I was not
aware that I was speaking under any five-min-
utes rule. However, I will submit to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that my colleague
be permitted to proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the Senator from Michigan will pro-
ceed. The Chair hears no objection. This
debateis under thefive-minutes rule, which has
been adopted for tho disposition of bills on the
Calendar under this call.
Mr. HOWARD. This is to stand, sir, as a
precedent for all future time. It is so under-
stood ; it will be so regarded, so considered in
the future. Here was a case where a man's
house was used as a refnge and as a security
for the enemy ; it was actually in the posses-
sion of the enemy; his sharp-shooters were
within its walls; it was held by the enemy as
a fortress and as a security ; and it became
necessary, in the course of a regular battle, to
dislodge that enemy by breaking down the
walls of the house and demolishing the house.
It is very true that the house was, after the
sharp-shooters were dislodged, demolished by
order of the Union commander on the spot;
but the demolition, after the retreat of the
sharp shooters, was just as necessary as the
firing of shotand shell upon the building itself
while the house was in the occupation of the
sharp-shooters.
