924
OOlf^SSIQIfAJi GLOBE.
February 8,
tains the point of order. The eleventh rule
declares that " motions to take up or proceed
to the consideration of any question shall be
determined without debate upon the merits of
the question proposed to be considered." If
the merits of the question proposed to be con-
sidered cannot be debated, the merits of some
question not proposed to be considered cer-
tainly cannot be debated.
Mr. CQNKLING. But is there not this dis;
tinotion ? The Senator was not debating the
merits of the claim, but only the merit? of
Nicholas P. Trist. [Laughter.]*
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts was aware of the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. I certainly wasaware pf t}i?
rule; and if I have departed from it ai'all I
shall certainly submit to any criticism from the
Chair or from my friend, the Senator——
The VICE. PRESIDENT. The Chair in-
dulged in no criticism, but simply ruled on the
point of order submitted.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. I do not mean
to enter upon the merits Qf Mr. Trist's case.
I only call attention to it as a proposition
■which I have tried this morning to move, anil
several mornings this week, and which is now
opposed by the Senator from Oregon, who asks
the Senate to take up a resolution of his in
order to get it out of the way. I hope the
Senate will nQ.t enter upon any such illqgical
proceeding. I hope they will save him from
the consequence of his own act. I hope they
will not let him go upon the record as illo-
gical as he would make himself. The bill that
1 seek to have heard is one of positive merit;
but I shall not say a word upon its merit.
Mr. NYE. I suggest to the" Senator "from
Massachusetts that he has accomplished his
object; it is now one o'clock. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. And I have not yet reached
the merits of this bill. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Discussion of
the merits of the bill would not be in order
under the rules. The morning hour has ex-
pired, and the unfinished business of yester-
day is before the Senate, being Senate bill
No. 683.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed with the consideration of this subject
until we can get a vote. I do not know whether
it is exactly the right thing—it would not be
forme, I know ; it may be for other Senators—
to try to defeat a vote upon a proposition by
talking against time. I should not think i|
altogether proper for me to pursue that course:
but other Senators must judge for themselves.
I think after having called up this resolution
several times in the morning hour, and had it
talked down, I ought to have a vote upon it
one way or the other, of some kind or descrip-
tion, so that I can ascertain the sense of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business being before the Senate at the expir-
ation of the morning hour, being the bill (S.
No. G83) authorizing mail steamship service in
the Gulf of Mexico between the port of New
Orleans, Louisiana, and certain ports of the
republic of Mexico, the Senator from Oregon
moves to postpone its further consideration
for the purpose of continuing the consideration
of the resolution which he had moved to take
up during the morning hour.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask that the unfinished
business of yesterday be informally passed
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon moves to postpone the further consid-
eration of the unfinished business for the pur-
pose of continuing the consideration of the
resolution offered by himself.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do_ not make any
motion to postpone the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the unfin-
ished business is before the Senate.
bridge af omaha.
Mr. POMERQY. The language of the bill
in regard to a bridge, that was laid aside
informally, has now bepn corrected I thipfc tq
the satisfaction of everybody; and I suppose
wg can pass it iu a moment. If there is any
objection to its passage I will not urge it; but
we have agreed on all hands to insert after the
words "and securp the same by mortgage "
the words 1' on the bridge and appurleuancps.''
I think that is satisfactory, and I suppose thq
bill will pass.
Mr. EDMUNI)S. " Herein authorize}."
Mr. POMEROY. The word "authorized "
is used in the other line.
Mr. pDMUNDS. Let us hear it reacj.
Mr. CORBETT. Does this supefspde the
unfinished business?
The yiCE PRESIDENT. Np; thjs bill was
passed over informally, and is nop t§ken up,
subject to a call for the regular order. The
bjjl (fl. R. No. 1227) to authorize the con;
struction of a bridge across thp Missouri river
is before the Senate as in Committee qf the
Whole, and the substitute will be read as mod;
ified.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That for the morn perfect connection Qf apy ra;i_
roads that are or sjiall be constructed to ttio Mis-
souri River, at'or nfe&r Council Bluffe, Iowa, and
Omaha. Nebraska, the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany be, and it is hereby, authorized to issue such
bonds, and secure the same by mortgage, on the
bridge and appurtenance^, as it rahy deem needful
to 'dfinstract and maintain their bridge over said
river, and the tracks and depots required to perfect
the same, as now authorized by law of Congress:
and for the use and protection of said bridge ana
property of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
shall be empowered, governed, and limited by the
provisions of the act entitled "An act to authorize
the construction of certain bridges; and~to establish
them as post roads," approved July 25,1866, so far
as the same is applicable thereto.
Mr. HARLAN. The question now is on the
amendment offered by me.
Mr. POMEROY. The first question is on
this amendment, inserting the words " on the
bridge and appurtenances."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa. The substitute has been modified by
general consent. The question now recurs on
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
the substitute, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Harlan, which was to add to the amendment
of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads the following proviso :
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so con-
strued as to change the eastern terminus of the so-
called Omaha branch of the Union Pacific railroad
from the western border of Iowa, where it is now
fixed under existing laws, nor to release said Union
Pacific Railroad Company from its obligation to
receive and deliver passengers and freight at the
eastern and western termini without extra charge
on account of transportation over said bridge.
Mr. THAYER. I certainly object to that
amendment. It is introducing matter which
is not affected by the substitute as reported
by the committee. The amendment which I
desire to pass affects nothing, changes noth-
ing. Every Senator will see that. Why, then,
introduce a proposition which is designed to
change the existing state of things? The
question as to where freight and passengers
shall be delivered by the Union Pacific is an
open question. The Senator from Iowa seeks
to settle that by his amendment. All I ask
is to leave things just as they are, simply
authorizing the company to issue its bonds
and mortgage the bridge to raise money to
complete it.
Now, J will accept an amendment which
shall provide that the existing state' of things
shall not be changpd; that tfy^ rights, priv-
ileges, or obligations of the" company and the
terminus shall not be changed by'this bill. If
the Senator from" Iowa will jjut His amend-
ment in that form I ?hall make" no objec-
tion.
Mr. HARLAN. It is substantially in that
form. I desire no misapprehension on this
subject. The fourteenth section of the original
act, in its first clause, provides—
"That the said Union Pacific Railroad Company
is hereby authorized and reduired to construct a
single line Of railroad and telegraph froip a point on
the western boundary of the Srato of Iowa, to be
fixed by the President of the United States, upon
the most direct and practicable route," $c.
The law distinctly prpvides, it wijl be seen,
that the eastern teripinus must be on thp west;
era boundary of the State of Iowa. Now, po
one will pretend tpat j-be western boundary of
Iowa is qp the west "side of the Missouri river
at that point. The terminus has lijen fixed
6y the President of the "United States on the
east side of the river, as tjie law directs. The
original bill 'provided for the organization of
a company other than the Union "Pacific Rail-
road Company, authorizing it to construct this
bridge, and, as I thonght, releasing the Union
Pacific Railroad Company from btiilding that
part of its railroad necessary to conne'ct the
western bank of the Missouri river with the
eastern bank, and enabling that company to
tax all freight and passengers that might pass
over that part of the railroad in addition to
the usual price of freights and passage. Now,
the amendment proposed by the committee is,
I think, less objectionable than the original
bill; but every one will see that if you author-
ize the Union Pacific Railroad Company to
put a distinct mortgage on that one mile of
its railroad which spans the river, and that
mortgage should be foreclosed for the benefit
of the creditors, the purchasers of the bridge
and its equipments under that sale will become
in effect a distinct company, and will thus
have the same power that the new company
would have had if the original bill should
become a law, which bill the committee pro-
pose to supersede by this amendment. Now I
desire to cut that off.
Mr. CONKLING. May I suggest to the
Senator, would not the way to cut' that off be
to enlarge the subject upon which this mort-
gage shall operate? And is it a logical way
to cut that off to compel the Senate to determ-
ine any question of rivalry between the one
side and the other of the river? In that con-
nection I beg to ask the Senator to answer
me a question. How can it be said that one
side or the other of the river is advanced or
favored by a mere proposition to authorize the
construction of a bridge over which trains may
go? If in the way the Senator has explained,
by confining the mortgage to this one mile of
road, there is room to suppose that intruders,
third parties, might come in and possess this
against both sides and against the company,
I suggest to him that the way would be to en-
large the subject on which the mortgage shall
operate, and not to do it by seeking to take
an advantage of one side or the other of the
river.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not desire to change
the law, but I do desire that the company
should not'be released from any obligation
that exists under the law.
Mr. CQNKLING. Does this bill in anyway
release it?
Mr. HARLAN. I am not sure about that.
Mr. SHERMAN." The legal proposition
stated by the Senator froi# Iowa is certainly
not correct. If this bridge should be sold
under a mortgage ekecpted' by the'Union Pa-
cific Iiailroad'Corpp^ny (.he persons who should
buy the bridge ^.t fh'ai sale would take it sub-
ject to all the rights, "duties, and liabilities
imposed by law on tlie Union Pacific "Railroad
Company. Therefore, if by the law now, this
coippany is bound to take freight anq passen-
gers from the western to the "eastern side of
the river, the purchasers fit such a sale wQuld
be bound hy it also.
Mr. POMEROY. I can pggest an apaend-
ment which will meet "tlie" view of tlje Sector
from Iowa, I have no doubt, and of the rest.
Suppose it reads like this :
That nothing in this a«tshall be so construed as to
ohange the eastern terminus of the so-calleu (Jpaaha
