1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
branch of the Union Pacific Railroad from the west-
ern border of Iowa, where* it is now fixed under ex-
isting law, nor to release the Union Pacific Railroad
Company from its obligation as established by exist-
ing laws.
Let the proviso be like that and it will be
satisfactory to all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa accept this modification?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Say "the company, or
its successors, from its obligation." That will
make it right.
Mr. HARLAN. Being advised by a mem-
ber of this body, in whose opinion on a law
point I have more confidence than in my
own, that that would accomplish my purpose,
I accept it.
Mr. THAYER. I was going to offer a form
which I would prefer:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so
construed as to change any existing fights, duties,
or privileges, or the terminus of the Union Pacific
railroad.
1 do not want to affirm anything by the
passage of this bill..
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment as mod-
ified by the Senator from Kansas will make it
perfectly safe.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hear the
amendment as it now stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
IIaiilax, as modified, as follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so con-
strued as to change the eastern terminus of the so-
called Omaha branch of the Union Pacific railroad
from the western border of Iowa, where it is now
fixed under existing laws, nor to release said Union
•Pacific Railroad Company, or its successors, from
its obligations as established by existing law.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think that 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I must call for the regu-
lar order if this is going to occupy more time.
Let it go over until to-morrow morning, and
these gentlemen can agree among themselves
upon some amendment which will be satis-
factory.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is before the Senate,
being Senate bill No. 683, pending which the
Chair desires the attention of the Senator from
Illinois, the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee. This morning when the Senator was
out of the Chamber the Chair submitted some
amendments of the House of Representatives
to Senate bills, which bills came originally
from the Committee on the Judiciary of the
Senate. The Senator not being in they were
withdrawn for the moment, and the Chair will
now present them again.
salrsof lvnds foil direct taxes.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
995) for the relief of purchasers of lands sold
for direct taxes in the insurrectionary States.
The amendment was to strike put the words
"United States court" wherever they occur
in the second section, and to insert in lieu
thereof the words " court of competent juris-
diction."
Mr, TRUMBULL. In that case I move that
the Senate non-concur in the amendment of
the House of Representatives and ask for a
conference on the disagreeing votes. The effect
of the House amendment is to allow the decis-
ion of the State courts to settle the question
whether money shall betaken out of the Treas-
ury of the United States which has been paid
into it in cases of sales for direct taxes. I
think it would be ft little hazardous to do
that. The amendment is an important one,
and I move that the Senate non-concur in it
and ask for a conference with the House of
Representatives on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice
President being authorised to appoint the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate, Messrs.
Tkembull, Edmunds, and Vickers were ap-
pointed.
loss op judgment records.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S, No. 141) relating to
records of the courts of the United States;
which was to strike out the third section of
th§ bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That amendment re-
quires some examination, and I move that it
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in answer to a resolution of Jan-
uary 19,1871, a report of the chief of engineers
upon the survey of Charleston harbor; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Committee
on Claims be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Thomas Maxwell,
and that he have leave to withdraw his peti-
tion and papers.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the iiguse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
1190) to create an additional land district in
the State of California.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2933) ceding cer-
tain land in the village of Mackinaw, Michigan,
to E. A. Franks, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 218) prescribing an oath of
office to be taken by persons who participated
in the late rebellion but who are not disqual-
ified from holding office by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States; and
A bill (S. No. 698) to divide the State of
Virginia into two judicial districts.
presidential approval.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 10) directing the Secretary of War to
sell Bergen Heights arsenal.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By a vote of the
Senate, to-day after the morning hour was set
apart for the consideration of bills on the Cal-
endar reported from the Committee on Public
Lands and the Committee on Private Land
Claims; but the unfinished business of yester-
day has priority unless it be postponed.
Mr. POMEROY. I was about to inquire
of the Chair whether that special order would
operate after the disposition of this one bill
which comes over from, yesterday as unfinished
business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would during
the remainder of the day.
Mr. POMEROY. As this one bill was up
yesterday and partly finished, I do not like to
interpose an objection to its continuation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This day was set
apart for the consideration of bills reported
from the two committees named; and whatever
may remain of the day after the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday shall be disposed of will be
occupied in the disposition of bills reported by
those committees, according to the order of
the Senate.
business of military committee.
Mr. WILSON. Before going further, I ask
that Monday, the 13th instant, be assigned For
the consideration of bills from the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is thete objec-
tion to the order suggested by the Senator from
Massachusetts? The Chair heark none, and
that order is r" 1
lands is iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous eonsent
to consider a little bill. ,
Mr. WILLIAMS. I cannot consent,
Mr. HARLAN. If it excites any debate I
shall not press the request.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If I give way to one I
must to another. The bill which the Senator
from Iowa desires to call up is a land bill, and
we shall take up the land bills pretty soon if
we go on with the unfinished^iusiness.
Mr. HARLAN. Objection being made, I
move to postpone the unfinished business for
the purpose of considering Senate bill No.
1202.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order. The Senator from Iowa moves to
postpone the unfinished business fot the pur-
pose of taking tip Senate bill No. 1202, con-
firming the title to certain lands.
Mr. DAVIS. I was goihg to make a sim-
ilar motion, and if the Senator froin Iowa will
allow me to expres^ my purpose I will do so.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. I intended to move that the
pending and all priot orders be put aside to
take up House bill No. 1829, granting pen-
sions to certain soldiers and sailors of the war
of 1812, and the widows of deceased soldiers.
I intended to make this motion, not for dis-
cussion on the bill, but that we might take it
up and have a vote upon it—nothing else.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to say in relation
to my own motion that I think if any subsidy
bill that is now pending shall pass at all the
one which is the unfinished business ought to
pass. But this is the first request .of the kind
I have made of the Senate at this session.
Other Senators have made similar requests all
around the Chamber from day to day that very
frequently have been coiicufred in. I do hot
find fault with this want of concurrence m my
wishes ; but there is a direct way of reaching
a thing, provided a majority of the Senate will
sustain the motion. 1 would prefer to have it
acted on without disturbing the bill of the hon-
orable Senator from Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will give way if the
Senator from Iowa thinks it of consequence
to press his bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon withdraws his objection, and the Sen-
ator from Iowa asks unanimous consent for the
present consideration of the bill (S. No. 1202)
confirming the title to certain lands.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the title to the land certified to the
State of Iowa by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office of the United State3, under an
act of Congress entitled "An act confirming a
land claim in the State of Iowa, and for other
purposes," approved July 12, 1862, in accord-
ance with the adjustment made by the author-
ized agent of the State of Iowa and the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office oil the
21st of May, 18S6, and approved by the Sec-
retary of the Interior on the 22d day of May,
I860, and which adjustment was ratified and
confirmed by act of the General Assembly of
the State of Iowa, approved March <51, 1868,
shall be ratified and confirmed to the State of
Iowa and its grantees in accordance with the
adjustment and the act of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Iowa of the dates men-
tioned.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer this amendment to
the bill, to come in at the end :
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so con-
strued as to affect adversely the rights of any party
claiming title or theright to aoauire title to any part
