1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
Sir, it was one of the necessities of war that
this house should be demolished; it is confessed
upon the face of the report made by the com-
mittee it was a necessity of the nation. The
whole nation, as aparty belligerent, wereinter-
ested in the destruction of this house, and the
house was destroyed, as the lives of the inmates
would have been destroyed had they remained
within its walls during the cannonade. It was
injured by a cannonade .before it was burned.
Mr. HOWE. We do not pay for that.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know what we
are paying for unless it be the damages done
to this building by the operations of that battle,
and the cannonade was a part of the battle
as tnuch as the subsequent demolition of the
house.
No, sir ; there is no such principle of public
law, there is no such obligation resting on a
Government as to become an insurer of the
property of all its subjects in case a war breaks
out between it and any foreign Power. That
principle has never been recognized at all in
the code of nations or in the code of war. War
has been treated as an accident, as a scourge ;
treated in the light of an earthquake, a vol-
cano, or an inundation, as one of the accidents
which are unavoidable, and in which every
person affected by it is compelled to be a
sharer ; and such an idea as that the Govern-
ment shall insure the property of all persons
has never been broached at all, I believe, by
any writer upon public law or upon morals.
I agree that there may be peculiar cases
where it would be very proper and fitting that
Government should indemnify sufferers; but to
lay it down in general terms as an obligation
resting on the Government is to me a gross
absurdity. It is impossible that Government
should become the insurer of the properly of
all its subjects against the attacks of foreign
foes or against the operations of its own army.
It rests upon this underlying idea: that the
obligation of allegiance is correlative to the
duty of protection on the part of the Govern-
ment; that is to say, if a person has an alle-
giance to a Government, it is the duty of that
Government to protect him absolutely in the
enjoyment of his life, liberty, and property.
Well, sir, there is a general duty of protec-
tion resting upon Government; but how far
does that duty go? Writers upon public law
tell us it goes only so far as this: the establish- j
ment of regular tribunals and institutions for
the protection of private rights and the redress
of private grievances, the establishment of
courts of justice, and all the other machinery
commonly known to a civilized Government;
and there it stops. It does not contemplate
the results of war, because if a Government is
bound to protect the property of its citizens |
against the operations of war, then, upon a j
parity of reasoning, it is bound to protect the j
lives of its subjects, and whenever a life is lost i
in a war it is the duty of the Government j
to indemnify those who may have suffered in ;
consequence of the loss of this life; and no ;
person, I believe, has gone so far as to pre- '
tend that such a duty as that rests upon Gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, I know nothing of the facts of this
case further than they are disclosed by the re-
port which has been read. It was undoubtedly
a hard case for Mr. Best, the claimant; but it
was one of those cases where it was absolutely
necessary in the prosecution of an honest
national war to destroy his property. _ The
property was not taken under the Constitution
of the United States, and that principle, there-
fore, does not apply. The Constiiution of the
United States declares that private property
shall not be taken for public use without just
compensation. This house was not taken in
the sense of the Constitution ; it was simply
destroyed as a necessary and inevitable act of
war prosecuted in defense of the whole country
and of the Government, and as necessary to be
taken as it was to take the lives of the sharp-
shooters who had ensconced themselves within
its walls. No, sir; it'is one of the mere acci-
dents of war, and that is all you can make of it,
for which the Government of the United States
is under no obligation at all, according to my
view of the public law.
I should dislike very much to see such a pre-
cedent as this set, because I know, we all know,
that it will be abused in the future. Who can
tell, who can undertake to prophesy here at
this day,-what will be the amount of similar
claims brought before Congress, and supported
by testimony apparently as strong and as con-
clusive as this?
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment? I am told that
there are on file in the State Department alone
claims belonging to foreigners domiciled here
between whose cases and this I think I am right
in saying there can be no distinction in prin-
ciple, which claims (being those of hardship
like this) amount to millions ; I am told, to a
sum approaching a hundred million dollars.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no doubt of it, Mr.
President; but the claims will not be confined
to foreigners; they will not be confined to those
who were in fact Union men and Union women,
but they will be presented here in countless
throngs hereafter in behalf of men who were
rebels, and who when their property was de-
stroyed were perhaps in the rebel army doing
their utmost, to overthrow the Government itself,
to which they now appeal, and they will be sup-
ported by affidavits produced by the cart-load.
Ex parte evidence is very easy to be procured
in such cases ; and you may rely upon it that
the question of paying off these war claims,
claims for indemnity, will not cease, if this pre-
cedent is set, for the next fifty years, and the
Treasury of the United States will suffer to a
vast amount in consequence of the precedent,
if it shall be set.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I am glad that
the attention of the Senate has been called
more to the principle involved in this case than
to the character of the individual ease. Mer-
itorious as the case itself may be, the principle
which shall be settled by the determination of
the Senate is of much more importance; and
it is proper that we should get at as clear a
view as possible of what that question is before
we determine it. The report informs us that
this was property, real estate, a dwelling de-
stroyed by the order of the commander of our
military forces because he deemed itnecessary
in the discharge of his duty to prevent it from ,
being occupied by the enemy. Is that a taking j
of private property for public use within the j
meaning of the constitutional provision? If
it is, then the Government ought to pay, and
the fact that there may be difficulty hereafter in
determining whether claims of this kind are
presented by loyal men or disloyal men ought
to have no influence in settling the principle.
All legal principles are difficult in their admin-
istration at times, in consequence of perjury
or of interest; but that is no reason for aban-
doning the principle. If it were, we might as
well abandon and abolish our courts of justice.
Now, sir, how does the Government take
private property for public use ? There are
two modes only that 1 know of. The one is by
the exercise of its power of taxation, and that
we agree is unlimited and uncontrolled by this
constitutional provision. The Government, in
order to maintain its existence, must have the
unlimited power of taxation, and the citizen
cannot resist the exercise of that power upon
the ground that his private property cannot be
taken for public use. But the other mode of
taking private property for public use is by the
exercise of the power of eminent domain, by
the exercise of the irresistible power of the Gov-
ernment; and when that power is exercised,
then if it be for a public use that the property
is taken the Government is held to be respons-
ible. 1 know that the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Howard] has attempted to make an
analogy between the taking of life and the tak-
ing of property, and he says that because com-
pensation cannot be claimed in the one case it
cannot be in the other. But does not the Sena-
tor perceive that in a public war the life of our
own citizens is never taken by the order of our
own Government? Does he not perceive, fur-
ther, that the personal service ofthe citizen is
a(duty which the citizen owes to his Govern-
ment, whereas the private property of the
citizen is protected by the constitutional guar-
antee? He owes the duty; he does not owe
his property unless it be taken by the command
of the Government, and then compensation is
to be made for it. Life is taken by the enemy,
not by theorderof the Government, and it has
never been contended, I believe, that where
property has been destroyed by the enemy in
the act of war the Government is responsible.
This house, then, was taken by the command
of the military officer directing the operations
at that point. -Is that a taking by the Gov-
ernment? The Senator from New York, [Mr.
Conkling,] as I understood him the other day,
says no; that the order of the military com-
mander is not the act of the Government.
Now, sir, I wish to call his attention and that
of the Senator from Michigan to what perhaps
will be considered at least as the authority of
a court in a civilized country touching upon
this point. It is the language of Chief Justice
Taney in the case of Mitchell vs. Harmony, a
case where to some extent the liability of the
Government and the rights of military com-
manders were discussed. There the personal
property of a citizen was taken, because the
military commander believed that it was neces-
sary to take it, to prevent it from falling into
the hands of the enemy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Axmoxy
in the chair.) It is the duty of the Chair to
inform the Senator from Pennsylvania that he
has spoken five minutes.
Several Senators. Let him go on.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
be permitted to proceed. This is a very import-
ant matter, and it ought not to be disposed of
on five-minute speeches.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will proceed.
Mr. SCOTT. There the military com-
mander, Colonel Mitchell, a subordinate of
General Doniphan, believed it necessary, in
order to prevent personal property from falling
into the hands of the enemy, to take it; and
he did take it. The owner sued Mitchell, the
commander, alleging that he had no right to
take his private property for public use, jmd
the court held in that case that the commander
had the right, when the public necessity de-
manded it, to take private property ; but they
laid down a rule, to which I confess I can hardly
subscribe, that the military commander repre-
senting the Government in the exercise of that
authority was personally responsible in judging
of the necessity. It is true they laid down the
rule that in judging of the necessity the cir-
cumstances under which he exercised his dis-
cretion were to be considered, and that there
I must be an exercise of the authority in good
i faith ; but they held that the court mightagain
j decide whether the necessity really existed. I
i think the true rule would be that if the officer
1 exercised his judgment in good faith he should
be no more civilly responsible than the judges
! on the bench should be for deciding in good
;< faith the law. Butin deciding that case Chief
:! Justice Taney, after stating the circumstances
| of the case, touches, I think, the question
ii raised by the Senator from New York and the
;i Senater from Michigan, in these words:
! "There are, without doubt, occasions in which
privale propeity may lawfully bo taken possession
! of or destroyed to prevent it from failing lnlo tue
1 hands of the public enemy, and also where amintaiy
officer, charged with a particulnrdut.\, may imprcts
il private property into the public service or t.ikO H
i. tor public use. Unquestionably, m such ci ,. the
i' Government is bound to make full compelledi.
the owner; but the officer is not a trcspatsu-
Jiotoard's l{eport-itl'U.
{1 A military officer, then, taking property to
