100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
prevent it from falling into the hands of the
enemy, is recognized by the Chief Justice as
the representative of the Government. If,
then, after the enemy was driven from thehouse
of Dr. Best, before it was again occupied by
the enemy, the commander deemed it neces-
sary that that property should be destroyed,
was he not exercising this power of eminent
domain as the representative of the Govern-
ment j15st as much as if he had taken posses-
sion of a thousand bushels of corn and of five
hundred horses belouging to Dr. Best, and
burned the corn or destroyed the horses to pre-
vent them ironi felling into the hands of the
enemy? What is the distinction between his
house and his personal property?
Surely itwiil not be contended, that if a mili-
tary officer saw proper to take into his custody
the whole growing crop of a loyal citizen, and
having it in his possession should destroy it to
prevent it from falling into the hands of the
enemy, the Government would not be responsi-
ble under this constitutional provision to make
compensation to that loyal citizen. If, then,
the Government be responsible for his personal
property, taken, as the commander believed,
to enable liim to carry on the campaign, and
destroyed it to prevent it from falling into the
hands of the enemy, why is not his dwelling,
his castle, that which has always been consid-
ered the most sacred place that man can have?
Why shall that not also be the subject of com-
pensation when it is taken, not beaten down
by the hoofof war, not destroyed by the enemy,
but when it is taken by the order of our own
Government? That is the point I make in
this ease—that wherever the property is taken
or destroyed by the order of our own Govern-
ment, by the order of the officer representing
the Government, then it is the act of the Gov-
ernment; it is exercising its power of eminent
domain, taking the private property of the citi-
zen ; and in all such cases justice requires that
compensation should be made.
Look, now, at the numerous cases that might
be oiled here as illustrating this principle. I
understood the Senator from New York to say,
in citing the iiiack iioek case, thatif the enemy
were altiacted to a man's property by the pres-
ence of our own iroops that might be a reason
for paying. If Ins position be true, if i under-
stood huh propei ly, then by reason of the fact
that we had loyal troops situated at the town
of Chambersburg, and that that attracted the
rebel MeCausland there, and that he burned
the whole town, we ought, under his rule, to
make compensation to all the citizens of Chain-
bcrSburg l'or their private pioperty, while he
"would deny it to this citizen, whose property
was destroyed, not by the enemy, but by the
Command of our own officer.
Mr. COXKLING. Will the Senator allow
mo a moment ?
Air. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. CON'KLING. Of course the Senator
did not so much misunderstand me as to sup-
pose that I was philosophizing upon the wisdom
of any principles found in the body of public
law. He did, however, misunderstand me if
he understood me to refer to anything but this—
a principle, 1^ take it, tolerably well settled,
pretty well defined, as far as definition can be
applied to such athing—that if private property
be taken by the action of the Government, a
war being in process, and that property be
tra nsmuted Irom its character of private owner-
ship into thai kind ol public or military posses-
sion which causes its destruction, a special case
arises tlieie of which Governments and tribu-
nals will take notice. So that if a citizen, or
one domiciled there, owns a private house, and
the Government makes that house into a bar-
racks, into an aisenal, into some sort of public
or military vehicle or residence, and in conse-
quence of that it is attacked and destroyed by
the enemy, the English courts have said, and
the publicists have said, that the owner has a
claim l'or compensation, for special reasons
there assigned, which, perhaps, for thispurpose
may be grouped in a single statement: that he
would have escaped if he had been left irt his
ownership, but that he was ousted of that, and
the Government or the army took up an occu-
pation in that house, in consequence of which
it was destroyed, not by the accidents of war,
but by the special and exceptional thing which
they caused to occur to it. That was the prin-
ciple contended for by a very able man, Mr.
Albert H. Tracy, who at that time represented
the Erie district in the other House, and which
he sought to apply to a destruction of certain
buildings in Black Rock during the war of 1812;
and although everybody saw and everybody
admitted, and lie and his friends claimed the
credit of the admission, that it was a great
stretch of the principle, it still was applied
there. That was the principle to which I re-
ferred. Ijiid not intend to philosophize upon
it at all, but only to say that that case was nom-
inated in public law as one in which the claim-
ant had a standing in court; that this case
before us was not so nominated.
And now, to trespass one moment further
upon thecourtesy of my friend, Ibegtoaskhim,
as 1 was out at the moment, whether the case
from which he has been reading is the case
cited about a year ago by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] when the
claim of Sue Murphey was under discussion,
and the case that was reviewed inthaidobate—
a case in which a trader went out upon the
plains and was there with personal property,
and by the order of General Doniphan was
deprived of his property, mules, &c. Is that
the case ?
Mr. SCOTT. I had not the honor of being
here when Sue Murphey was before the Senate.
The ease that 1 cited was that of Mitchell vs.
Harmony, in 13 Howard.
Mr. CONKLING. That was the case. I
was out at the moment, and did not know what
was the case cited by the Senator.
_ Mr. SCOTTt I understand, then, the prin-
ciple which the Senator from New YOrk stands
upon to be this; that where the act of the
Government has attracted the attention of the
enemy to a particular property, and in conse-
quence of their attention being thus attracted
by the act of the Government the property has
been destroyed by the enemy, tile owner of that
property would be entitled to compensation.
Now, here,is a dwelling not simply to which
the attention of the enemy was attracted and
it destroyed by the act of the enemy m conse-
quence of the antecedent act of the Govern-
ment, but it is a dwelling destroyed by the very
order of the Government itself—a stronger
case ; for the one which the Senator cites is
where the destruction is simply a consequence
of the antecedent act of the Government; here
it is done by the order of the Government.
Now, sir, I have been led to make these
remarks because, being a member of the Com-
mittee on Claims, from which this bill was re-
ported, I know that there we feel the import-
ance ol this question being settled upon princi-
ple. We feel, Mr. President, that it is time that
you should determine whether the Committee
on Claims is to go on investigating and report-
ing upon cases of this character, or whether
the interests of the Government require—and
I am free to confess that I think they do—the
establishment of some tribunal, where, if the
Government is to be held responsible, it can
be represented and defend. I agree that there
is great danger of doing injustice, both to claim-
ants and to the Government, by these reports
made upon ex parte testimony, and they ought
to be carefully scanned; and I hope that ihe
determination of this case will settle here the
principle of whether the Government ought to
be responsible or not. If the Government is
not to be held responsible, then, of course, we
need no other tribunal up.m the question, and
these cases ought not to come either before
the Committee on Claims or before a judicial
tribunal; bntiftheGovennnentisto.be held
responsible, then there ought to be some better
mode of adjudication than the one which we
now have.
Now, sir, a word or two with regard to this
individual case, getting away from the general
principle. Here is a property not simply de-
stroyed by the order of the commander himself,
not resting upon his discretion, but, as it appears
from the report, a consultation had been held
between the commander and a number of his
officers and this property had been condemned
when the fort was erected,and all that was neces-
sary to fix the absolute liability of the Govern-
ment for its amount was that the board detailed
had not proceeded and appraised the value of
it. Had that been done then, there could be
no question raised whatever as to the liability
of the Government; but before that was done
circumstances occurred which justified, as he
believed, the military commander in giving the
order for its destruction.
Why, then, should it not be paid for ? I am
again reminded, by the reference which my
friend from Michigan made to the question
of personal service and the loss of life, that
although no Government exempts its citizens
from liability to military service and from the
consequences incident to it, yet we do recog-
nize the liability, so far as human government
can do it, of making compensation ; and every
pension that is paid, and every wooden leg that
is carried around by the legless soldiers of the
country, is a recognition, at least to that ex-
tent, of the liability of the Government to do
justice as far as it can. I hope that this ques-
tion and this case will both be decided upon
the principle that ought to govern all such cases,
and upon the merits of this individual case.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I do not
propose to go into the legal argument which
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania has
just presented so ably; but I look upon this
as the most dangerous precedent that has ever
been set by this body. The case is probably
the worst one upon the Calendar, the very
worst; and if the Government of the United
States pays this claim, there was not a dollar's
worth of property destroyed during Sherman's
march to the sea that should not be paid for
on the same principle, if the party can prove
himself to be a Union man. JL'here never was
a cavalry charge during the war across a wheat
field that the owner ot the field has not a good
claim against this Government for, if he can
provethat he was a Union man ; there was not
a tree wounded by a shot or a shell during the
whole war, no matter where located, that the
owner has not as good a claim for as the owner
of this property has against the Government
of the United States, if proof is given that the
owner was a Union man.
Mr. President, if this gate be opened, if this
claim be paid, then your Treasury is bankrupt,
for in my humble judgment a thousand million
dollars will not pay the amount of just such
claims which will be presented.
Mr. HOWE. How much?
Mr. CHANDLER. A thousand millions. A
thousand millions will not pay them. And, sir,
what does this precedent mean ? It means abso-
lute repudiation of your debt; it means the
repudiation of your pensions to your widows
and your orphans. Open this door, begin to
pay your money by millions upon millions for
this class of claims, and repudiation follows as
a matter of course. You mightas well assume to
pay the whole rebel debt as to open this door.
Sir, there is not a man in all the South, even
Jefferson Davis himself, who cannot bring wit-
nesses by the score to prove that he wasa Union
man, and not one dollar's worth of property
was destroyed in all the South that a claim will
not be presented against this Government for
the payment of. I desire simply to enter my
protest against opening this fearful door, and
1 hope that this bill will be rejected.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I desire to
attracuhe attention of the Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Howardj to the statement which he
made in regard td the character of claims for
