1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
the vast amount of advantage that it will be to
(he country to encourage this foreign com-
merce. If there is opportunity to present the
case to the Senate, I have no doubt it can be
so presented as to be entirely demonstrated to
perhaps every member of this body that it will
be of advantage to the Government, and not a
tax or drain upon the Treasury ; but, on the
other har.d, that it will result in adding to the
revenues of the country.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am very much obliged
to the Senatorfrom Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
if I understood him aright, for his intimation
of a favorable disposition regarding this bill.
In reply to his suggestion regarding the prob-
ability of this bill not passing the House of
Representatives at this session. I desire to
state that a bill precisely similar has been
reported within the last day or two, and I hold
in my hand a very elaborate report made by
Mr. Wells, from the select Committee on the
Causes of the Reduction of American Ton-
nage, of the House of Representatives, under
the call, according to their rules. I am told
that this committee, considering the condition
this bill is in in their hands, can report at any
time or at certain limes ; and I may state—I
do not know whether it is proper to state it or
not—that I am assured the bill will go through
the House by a very large majority. 1 do know,
sir, that very many members of the lower
House of the opposition stand in contradis-
tinction to the position taken by the represent-
atives on ttiis floor from the same State in
favor of this bill.
Mr. SCO TT. Without reference to the mer-
its of the pending steamship bill or of any of
the other steamship bills, I shall vote for the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky at this
time. I have received during this session a
great many letters from the survivors of thewar
of 1812. Within the last few days I received
one from a soldier of that war aged eighty-four
years, vigorous and in health at present, re-
markable for his years ; but he appeals to Con-
gress to give him the little pittance which will
enable him to live without labor for the balance
of his life, for at the age of eighty-four he
is still engaged making post and rail fence
for a living. I think that this pension bill can
he taken up and passed within a few minutes;
1 do not think it is likely to give rise to debate ;
and as I have already said, without reference
to the meiits of the steamship bills, I will vote
to discharge the debt that the Government
owes to these men now. to-day, before con-
sidering any other business.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, in relation to
this question of priority at the present time I
have a woul to say. I prefer that the Senate
should proceed with the discussion of the
question that was up yesterday in relation to
steamship subsidies. I am not quite able to
understand the logic of the Senator from Ver-
mont, when he informs us that these bills can-
not. pass in the House if they do pass here. I
believe the subject is of sufficient importance
to demand not only the earnest, buttheimiue-
diateattention of the House. Thatbody comes
directly from the people, who have petitioned
both branches of Congress to do something to
revive our wasted commerce, and I do not
believe they will be content to go back to the
consti* nencios which they represent without at
least having made an earnest effort to rebuild
our wasted commerce.
I expect to vote for the bill the honorable
Senator from Kentucky wants to< bring up;
but a day or two will make no difference with
these soldiers. This friend of my friend from
Pennsylvania, who is splitting rails for a lining,
will not End, until the steamship bill passes,
whether the bill in relation to pensions has
passed or not ; and two or three days, there-
fore, I repeat, with that bill will make no dif-
ference. It has been too long delayed already,
I admit; but. a delay of a day or two more will
make no difference.
■ J appeal to the SetuUd not to be frightened
from the consideration of this question as to
reviving our commerce upon the cry of "sub-
sidies." Sir, the immediate demand of our
country is that we shall rebuild our commerce.
It is the voice, not only of the interior of the
country, but it comes from every sea-port upon
every ocean that surrounds us; and I trust that
the magnitude of the question will claim the
immediate consideration of Senators. -
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on themotion of the Senator from Kentucky,
to postpone the present and all other orders
for the purpose of considering the bill pension-
ing soldiers of the war of 1812.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yea3 28, nays 24 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Carpenter, Davis, Flana-
gan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hit!, Howp,, Howell,
Lewis, McCreery. Morrill of Vermont, Patterson,
Pratt, Ross, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stockton,
Sumner, Tipton. Vickers, Willcy. and Wilson—28
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Casserly, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling. Corbett, Edmunds, Fenton, Fowler, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harris, Howard, Kellogg,
McDonald, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Stewart,
Thayer, Trumbull, Warner, and Williams—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell,
Cragin, Ferry, Gilbert,Harlan, Johnston, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Osborn, Revels, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury. Sawyer, Scburz, Spencer, Stearns, Thur-
man, and Yates—21.
So the motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS of THE war of 1812.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. lv. No. 1820) granting pensions to
certain soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812,
and the widows of deceased soldiera, the
question being on the amendments offered by
Mr. McCreery, in behalf of Mr..Davis, which
were in section one, lines nine, ten, and eleven,
to strike out the words "and who are in cir-
cumstances which render them dependent upon
their own labor, or who are dependent upon
others for supportin the same section, lines
nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, twenty-two, and
twenty-three, to strike out the words "who
are in like dependent circumstances, provided
that such widow shall have been married prior
to the treaty of peace which terminated said
war to an officer, or enlisted or drafted man,
who served as aforesaid in said war;" and in
the second section, lines two, three, and four,
to strike out the words " is dependent upon
others for support in pursuance of any con-
tract for such support based upon a valuable
consideration, nor to any person who."
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I will say but
one word in support of my amendment. -The
bill, as passed by the House, requires the bene-
ficiaries under it, whether soldiers of the war
of 1812 or the widows of deceased soldiers of
that war, to present themselves as paupers and
to swear to their pauperism in their application
for this pittance which in their old age is pro^
posed to be given them by their country. 1
am utterly opposed to degrading and humiliat-
ing the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812
by imposing any such condition upon them.
Those soldiers are now in the deep winter of
their lives. But few of them survive, and there
are none of those who survive who are under
seventy-five years of age, and the most of them
are over eighty years of age. They are like the
few remaining leaves of the forest, that in the
depths of the winter, amid the howling blasts
of December, are still trembling to their fall
from the branches from which they have been
so long suspended. These old soldiers, like
the few remaining leaves of the forest 111 the
depths of the winter, are, not only from day
to day, but many of them on the same day,
falling to their mother earth to perish forever.
Shall those few remaining soldiers who fought
in the war of 1812, which was our second war
of independence, and as important to the lib-
erties and tho peace of our country as the war
of the late rebellion, be required by an un-
gracious and ungrateful country—no, not by
the country, but by the Government of that
country—to humiliate themselves by crawling
as paupers and being required to swear to their
pauperism before they receive this miserable
pittance?
No such degrading terms were required
from the pensioners of the late war of the
rebellion. If such a humiliating proposition
as this had been sought to be imposed upon
them, it would have received the scorn and
indignant condemnation of the Senate and the
country. Sir, we ought to wipe out this deg-
radation in this bill proposed for the benefit
of men whs are as meritorious as the lierofs
of the late war. Who that has an American
heart, what man whose life, or memory, or
reading, goes back to the war of 1812, who has
read of the desperate straits of the country
in that important war for soldiers, can give
his consent, either of mind or heart, to impose
such a degradation upon the heroes of that
war? ■*
It has been said that the adoption of this
amendment would endanger the bill in the
House. Not at all. No member of the House
can stand up and dissent from this modifica-
tion by the Senate of the bill if the Senate
choose to make it. He would' render himself
infamous by taking such a position. No man
who has soul and reason, and who can appre-
ciate his accountability to his countrymen, and
particularly to these feeble old veterans now
011 the brink of the grave, would dare to stand
up and dissent from such a just and proper
modification of this bill by the Senate. The
modification is right; it is just; it is proper in
every sense of the word. Let us make it. Let
us send back the bill to the House with this
modification of it, with this ignominy and deg-
radation offered to these old heroes stricken
from it, and let the House dare to defeat the
bill because of this purification ! Tbey will
never dare to do it; but if they should have
the hardihood or the want of soul and sense
and proper manhood to assume that position,
it will be time enough for the Senate to recede
from its modification when that action of the
House makes it necessary. But that time will
never come. I hope, sir, tho amendment will
be adopted.
. Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The Clerk will read the
first amendment, and that involves two others
of'a similar character.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out in lines nine, ten, and eleven
of the first section the following words :
And who are in circumstances which make them
dependent upon their own labor, or who are depend-
ent upon others for support.
Mr. HOWELL. I wish to make a state-
ment in regard to this matter. The majority
of the Committee on Pensions reported the
bill back as it passed the House, fearing that
if we attempted to amend it here it might be
lost, and they preferred that the law, after it
had been passed, should be amended rather
than to peril the bill by amending it in the
Senate. But upon further consideration, and
with the great anxiety there seems to be to
present amendments in the Senate, those of
the committee who reported the bill have con-
cluded not to resist amendments as a mere
matter of form, but to vote upon them as they
see proper and best under the circumstances.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, "Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow,Buckingham,Carpenter, Casserly, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Davis, Fenton, ilan-
smaii, Fowler, Harris, Hill, Howard,Howell, Kel-
lik'S. Lewis. McCreery, McDonald, Morton, Patter-
son, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, bcott.
Spencer, Spragae, Stockton. Thayer, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Vu'kers, iful Willey—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Cragin, Morrill of Vermont, Pom-
eroy. Sherman. Sumner, and Wilson—8.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Abbott, Anthony, Cameron,
Cattail, Edmunds, Forry,Gilbert,Hamilton of Mary-
