1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
my friend from Wisconsin to this class of inju-
ries. Our Army is marching through Kentucky
on its way to meet the army of the enemy, or
it is marching through Tennessee. You know,
sir, that the path of an invading army isa path
of desolation. They destroy everything in their
course. Great quantities of timber are de-
stroyed; fences are nearly always destroyed;
more or less injury is done. There is a class
of injuries which would seem to come between
this and the other classes, and yet we cannot
even assume the responsibility of paying for
them. _ Our armies everywhere, in marching,
committed these injuries inevitably. It is in the
very nature of an invading army to do it; it
cannot be avoided; and on the principle here
contended for we should have to pay for every
rail, and every tree cut down, fo- all the damage
inflicted, directly and incidentally, in order to
enable an army to march with comfort or with
expedition, if we open the door to the pay-
ment of these damages, can we compute the
amount that may be demanded from the Gov-
ernment? It seems not.
Then I take this broad distinction: that this
wasnot property taken deliberately in advance
for the purpose of convenience or for the pur-
pose of comfort, but it was property destroyed
in the shock of battle, and I know of no author-
ity that would require that to be paid for.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HOWE. Will not the Senator withdraw
that motion to allow us to have a vote on this
bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS and others. You cannot
get a vote now.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator's colleague
informed me that he would like to have it put
off until to-morrow, as he desired to be heard.
Mr. HOWE* If there is anybody who wants
to be heard I shall not interpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After a few minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and (at
three o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 14, 1870.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. Cr. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
lCEDBiMPTION OF COINS.
Mr. KELLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee ou Coinage, Weights, and Measures to
report back the bill (H. R. No. 2515) to pro-
vide for the redumption of copper and other
token coins, and to ask that it be printed and
recommitted.
There was no objection, and it was so or-
dered.
TRANSEE11 OF PREEMPTION CLAIMS.
Mr. JULIAN. I am instructed to report
back from the Committee on the Public Lauds
the bill (H. R. No. 2426) authorizing the trans-
fer of valid preemption claims to actual settlers,
and to ask that it be put upon its passage at
this time. I think there can be no objection
to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any, will
be iti order.
The bill was read. It provides that in all
cases in which settlements have been or may
be made in good faith upon the unsurveyed
public lands of the United States under the
pre'eiutition laws, and valid preemption rights
thereby acquired, it shall be lawful, before sur-
vey and the filius of the township plats in the
local land office of the district wherein said
laud is situated, for the preemptor to sell and
transfer the said preemption right and the
possession of_the land so settled upon, for a
valuable consideration, to any person qualified
under the preemption laws to acquire a pre-
emption right in his own person; and such
sale and transfer shall be valid and effectual
to convey such rights as the original preemptor
may have, and to empower the purchaser to
prove up such preemption claim from the date
of its original settlement, provided that the
purchaser shall, from the date of his posses-
sion, comply with all the requirements of the
preemption laws.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to _ be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. Ideipand
the regular order.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness having been called for, the morning hour
now commences, at twenty minutes past twelve.
The regular business is the calling of commit-
tees for reports, beginning with the Committee
on Manufactures.
INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION OF 1876.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I am
instructed by the Committee on Manufactories
to report back to the House, and ask that it
be considered at the present time, unless the
House is willing to grant a postponement until
a day fixed, the bill (H. R. No. 1478) to pro-
vide for celebrating the one hundredth anniver-
sary of American independence, by holding an
international exhibition of arts, manufactures,
and products of the soil and mine, in the city
of Philadelphia and State of Pennsylvania, in
the year 1876, with amendments in the nature
of a substitute. I ask that the consideration
of this bill be postponed until the fourth Thurs-
day of January next, and that an order be made
absolutely fixing its consideration for that day.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ALLISON. I think we had better go
on with the business of the House in a regular
manner.
The SPEAKER. It can be made a special
order for the time named by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Morreij.;] but the
Chair can give no guarantee that it will be
reached on that day. Does the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Allisox] object to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Morrell.] to postpone the further con-
sideration of this bill till the fourth Thursday
of January next, to be absolutely considered
on that day ?
Mr. ALLISON. Ido; I think we had better
go on with its consideration now.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I will ask
that the bill, as proposed to be amended, be
now read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas the Declaration of Independence of the
United Statesof America was prepared, signed, and
promulgated in the year 1776 in the city of Philadel-
phia; and whereas it behooves the people of the
United States to celebrate, by appropriate cere-
monies, the centennial anniversary of this mem-
orable and decisive event, which constituted the 4th
day of July, A. D. l77(i, the birthday of the nation;
and whereas it is deemed fitting that the completion
of the lirst century ot our national existence shall
be commemorated by an exhibition of the natural
resourcesof thecountry, and theii development, and
of its progress in those arts which benefit mankind,
in comparison with those of older nations; and
whereas no place is so appropriate for such an exhi-
bition as the city in which occurred the event it is
designed to commemorate; and whereas, as the ex-
hibition should be a national celebration, in which
the people ot the whole country should participate,
it should have the sanction of the Congress of the
United States: Therefore.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Renreseatn-
tives of the United States ofAmerica in Congress assem-
bled, That an exhibition of American and foreign
arts, products, and manufactures shall beheld under
the auspices of the Government of the United States
in the city of Philadelphia, in the year 1876.
_ Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That a commis-
sion, to consist of not more than three delegates from
each State, whose functions shall continue until the
close of the exhibition, shall be constituted, whose
duty it shall be to prepare and superintend the exe-
cution of apian for holding theexhibition, and. after
conference with the authorities of the city of Phila-
delphia, to fix upon a suitable site within the cor-
porate limits of the said city where the exhibition
shall be held.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That these com-
missioners shall be appointed within one year from
the passage ofthis actbythePresidentof the United
States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in the same
manner there shall be appointed three alternate
commissioners from each State, who shall, in the
order of seniority of appointment, assume the place
and perform the duties of such commissioner or com-
missioners as may be unable to attend the meetings
of the commission.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the commis-
sion shall hold its meetings in the city of Philadel-
phia, and that a majority of its members shall have
full power to make all needful rules for its govern-
ment. t
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That the com-
mission shall report to Congress at its first session
after its appointment a suitable datofor opening and
for closing the exhibition, a scheduleof appropriate
ceremonies for opening or dedicating the same; a
plan or plans of the buildings; a complete plan for
the reception or classification of articles intended
for exhibition; the reauisite custom-house regula-
tions for the introduction into this country of the
articles from foreign countries intended for exhibi-
tion ; and su«fh other matters as in their judgment
may be important.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That no compen-
sation forservices shall be paid to the commissioners
or their alternates; but their traveling expenses shall
be paid to an amount not exceeding the usual mile-
age of members of Congress, for each delegate or
alternate present a J the sessions of the commission,
to and from his residence and the place of meeting;
and no other expenses shall be incurred by the com-
mission in the prosecution of its duties except com-
pensation for a clerk, who may be employed to keep
a faithful record of the proceedings of the commis-
sion.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That whenever
the President shall be informed by the Governor of
the State of Pennsylvania that provision has been
made for the erection of suitable buildings for the
purpose and for the exclusive control by the com-
mission herein provided for of the proposed exhibi-
tion. the President shall, through the Department
of State, make proclamation of the same, setting
forth the time at which the exhibition will open and
the place at which it will be held; and ho shall com-
municate to the diplomatic representatives of all
nations copies of thesame. together with suehregula-
tions as may be adopted by the commissioners, for
publication in their respective countries.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, on the 9th day of March last I had the
honor to present to this House a bill (II. 11. No.
1478) to provide for celebrating the one hun-
dredth anniversary of the Declaration of Amer-
ican Independence by holding an international
exhibition of arts, manufactures, and products
of the soil in the city of Philadelphia during
the year 1876. This bill was introduced in
response to the joint memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania, the councils of Philadel-
phia, and the Franklin Institute of Pennsyl-
vania, presented to both branches of Congress
earlier in the session. The bill was referred
to the Committee on Manufactures, and I am
now instructed by that committee to report it
back to the House with sundry amendments,
and ask that it be favorably considered and
Public-spirited and patriotic citizens of the
who! e country demand that a fitting celebration
shall take place on the centennial anniversary
of the nation's birth, and will doubtless agree
that such celebration should embrace an impos-
ing recognition of the nation's progress during
the first century of its existence.
On the 4th day of July, 1876, there should
be a special ceremony of a national character,
conceived in the spirit of the day and in har-
mony with its associations; but the whole year
should be regarded as a year of jubilee, com-
memorating an event which marked the begin-
ning of a newand beneficent era in the world's
history.
The bill under consideration provides for
such a celebration as I conceive to be in har-
mony with the national instincts. This being
a practical age, and the Americans being the
