930
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Now, many of these men are men of property:
mauy of them have wealthy children who would
do anything to help them through what little
of life remains to them. But I know there
are some, and many of them, who are poor ;
for while poverty may by some be regarded
us a disgrace, I have always found that it is
generally the poor men who have to fight the
balfles of the country.
As I say, many of these men are poor; some
of them have no means of support and are
toiling to keep themselves out of the poor-
houses of the country. I think a great and
rich and powerful country like ours can keep
these needy men out of the poor-houses; but
I do think it is setting a bad precedent and a
bad example for us to settle upon the prin-
ciple that because a man fought over three
months in the war of 1812 he shall have a
pension now, no matter how much money he
has, no matter how independent he may-be,
no matter how wealthy his children and family
may be, no matter how much they can do for
his comfort. I am not willing to tax the people
of the country to pay such men a little, small,
two-penny pension. I think we had better
confine the pension to the needy.
Perhaps in years to corneal hope it will be
a great many years yet—we shall have appli-
cations from the poor men who fought in our
late war, and I do not wish any precedent set
by which pensions shall go to rich men who
are enjoying the benefits of that war's results,
and who received all the country promised
to give them, and a great deal more; for
since the morning of creation no nation ever
dealt with the men who fought its battles as
we have dealt with the men who fought in the
recent war. Poor and needy men may come
asking for a pension, and I would give it to
them rather than have them suffer or go to the
poor-houses ; but in regard to the men who
have health and strength and vigor, the men
who have accumulated or have the power to
accumulate a competence, why, in Heaven's
name, shall we settle a principle here to-day
by which it will be urged then that perhaps
thousands and lens of thousands of men who
are perfectly independent shall be pensioned
by the country? I think this bill should rest
on the ground, and the sole ground, of the
needs of these old veterans who fought the
battles of the country, and not upon the mere
fact that they were in the war, independent
of their needs.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I should
not have said another word on this bill but
for the remarks just made by the Senator from
Massachusetts; and I reply to them only for
the purpose of saying that in my judgment
he misapprehends the ground on which this
biil can be sustained and puts it upon a ground
that is, perhaps, wholly untenable.
The original idea of pensions was that they
should be given to those who were disabled in
the service and who, by reason of the dis-
ability thus incurred while defending the coun-
try, were entitled to the support of the coun-
try. Being unable to support themselves, and
that inability resulting from injury or disease
received in the service, it was not charity; it
was simply justice that the Government should
take care of them for the rest of their lives.
Such a bill became a law in regard to the sol-
diers of 1812 long ago, and provided pen-
sions for those who became disabled in the
service during that war. Now this bill goes
beyond that; and the question is whether it
shall embrace ail the soldiers, or whether it
shall embrace only those who are in a state
of comparative or absolute pauperism.
The Senator from Massachusetts thinks it
should be limited to those who are paupers;
but does he not see that the moment he places
upon it that limitation it becomes a simple,
naked charity? It does not rest, then, upon
the old foundation of disease or wounds re-
ceived in the service ; it does not rest upon the
services of these men in the war; but it is a
simple, naked charity. It might be very well
questioned how far we have the right to bestow
charity in this wholesale manner. That I do
not intend, however, now to discuss. The true
ground upon which this bill must stand is that
this is a proper recognition by the Govern-
ment of the services of these men, the men
who fought our battles ; and whether they be
paupers or not, they are equally entitled to
this recognition of their services. That is the
only ground, as it seems to me, on which the
bill can stand. For reasons satisfactory to
Congress and satisfactory, as I believe, to the
American people, we propose to recognize the
services of'these men by making them this
simple allowance in the going down of the sun
with them. Not an allowance that is to deplete
the Treasury; not an allowance that will be
extremely onerous to the people ; but one that
a great people may make in recognition of
services that were most eminently useful and
serviceable to the country.
I do not think that this bill should stand as a
pauper bill. I do not think that it should be pu t
on that ground at all. It should be put upon
the ground that it is a recognition of the ser-
vices of these men by giving them a compen-
sation to which it is true they are not legally
entitled, but which it is not only generous but
just for us to make.
This has some bearing on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont. If I
understand the effect of his amendment, a man
who served but a single day would become a
pensioner under the bill, should it pass as he
proposes to amend it. I think that is going
entirely too far. I do not think we are bound
to recognize the services of a man who served
for a single day, and put him upon the footing
of aman who served for three months. I think,
therefore, in view of this as a proper recogni-
tion of the services of these men by an addi-
tional compensation for their services, the ele-
ment of time does properly enter into the bill
and that the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont ought not to be adopted.
I must say^ too, in regard to this bill, that,
though I desire to see it pass, I am not afraid
that it will be defeated by the amendments
that have been made. Such a bill has passed
the House of Representatives repeatedly ; this
present House passed it by an almost unaui-
mous vote, and 1 have no doubt that the House
will readily agree to any reasonable amend-
ments we make. .
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, when this measure was before this bodv
a few days ago, the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Saulsbup.y] proposed an amendment,
striking out the limit of time so that the bill
should read "who served in the war with
Great Britain of 1812." That Senator is in-
disposed to-day, and he requested me in his
absence to offer that amendment so that a vote
of the Senate may be taken upon it. I there-
fore offer that amendment in his behalf.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The Senator from Mary-
land moves to amend the bill by striking out
in lines seven and eight of section one the
words "three months."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the very amend-
ment which I indicated when I had the honor
to address you before, sir, and one which I
hope will be adopted. My good friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] says that he will
not vote for it, but he does not do us the honor
to give us any reason for that opinion; he
only says that he wants the bill to pass as it
came from the House of Representatives. That
is not a very satisfactory reason for refusing
to vote for an amendment that is right in
itself. On the contrary, the argument of my
friend from Massachusetts demonstrates, if it
proves anything, and I think it does, that you
cannot make any limitation of time in respect
to these services in the military line for the
benefit of the country, because the whole
ground upon which he stands is that the coun-
try is bound to provide for the needy soldier
who has fought its battles, and he does not
undertake to declare how many battles a sol-
dier must fight before he is entitled to be taken
care of, if he is old and dependent. The
amendment that I propose is not in conflict
with what he says touching the necessity of
limiting this bill to those who are needy. • "It
is in harmony with it, as it is with the bill
without that provision. ■ :
Therefore, if he is right in saying that these"
old soldiers are entitled to be provided for now
if they have fought the battles of their coun-
try, I beg him to tell me and tell the American
people how many battles a man must fight
before he is entitled to be fed if he is hungry-.
I think that one is enough, if any. It would
be a very great injustice, Mr. President, to say
that the enlisted men, not merely men whot
gathered to repel an invasion, but men who-
regularly entered the service, (because that is
the effect of this amendment proposed by my
friend from Maryland,) that the enlisted men
who served their country for two months under
a stress of peculiar circumstances and peril,
and who succeeded in repelling the invaders of'
American soil within that length of time, are
not just as much entitled, needy or not needy,'
to the recognition of the American people
(which my friend from Ohio says is the ground
to put it" upon) as if they had occupied a fort'
or marched over the land for three months or
for six months.
Patriotism, Mr. President, is not to be meas-
ured by the almanac. The calendar does not
point out to you who are the patriotic citi-
zens of this country and who are not. The
time of three months or two months or one
month or a year furnishes no evidence as to
the bravery of a soldier, or as to the value of
his services to his country ; and yet my good
friend from Massachusetts, who stoutly de-
fends these honorable and venerable old gen-
tlemen who are now left to us, says to my con-
stituents and to many of his own who served
from one month to two in repelling the British
invasion from Canada, and to many men on
the coast of Maine as well, that they shall not
be taken care of, shall not have any recogni-
tion, while those who served for three months,
occupying some fort in Boston harbor if yon
please, or some convenient fort somewhere
else, or marching over the land or doing what-
ever might be necessary, shall be recognized'.
There is no justice in it, there is no philos-
ophy in it, and I am quite sure that the bill
amended in this respect will not be less in
favor with any gentleman either in this House
or the other, but more.
When we gave bounties of land to the sol-
diers of the war of 1812 we did not put on any
three months' limitation ; on the contrary, we
gave it for service. I believe we gave it to all
who served fourteen days or more. I should
have no objection to inserting fourteen days
here if that would suit anybody any better,
because it comes practically to meritorious and
patriotic service in the Army; and the man
who has served the shortest length of time,
it will always be found, has served on an occa-
sion of the greatest emergency and of the
greatest peril, and therefore his short time is
justly entitled to count more. I support this"
amendment, not in hostility to the bill, but as
a mere matter of justice and right toward these
people for whom we are to provide.
Mr. DAVIS. I trust that the friends of this
bill will take care of it, and that they will not
permit it to be loaded down with amendments
by its enemies in order to defeat it. - '
Tne honorable Senator from Vermont speaks
of the merit of the volunteers who went Trom '
Vermont to Plattsburg to aid in repelling the
British general there and his very Iarg6 army
that assaulted that town in New York. I ad-
mit distinctly the merit of those volunteers.
As he says, they marched to that-field against
the orders of Governor Chittenden who was
then Governor of the State of Vermont, and
