1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
who was opposed to the war, opposed to his
country in the triumphant conduct of that war,
and in favor of the triumph of the enemy. The
volunteers whose patriotism impelled them to
inarch notwithstanding this discountenance of
the State authorities and government were
certainly very meritorious. There must be a
time limited, though, for which the persons
who are to receive the benefit of this law must
have served. I would not myself be opposed
to a limit of thirty days. The honorable Sen-
ator says that lie would not object to one of
fourteen days. I suppose if there was a limit
of thirty days it would include all the volun-
teers from the State of Vermont who took part
in the defense ofPlattsburg against Sir George
Prevost.
But, Mr. President, I want this bill to be
uursed by its friends. I want its friends to
accept or reject all amendments to it as they
deem them proper or improper. I want to
know whether the Senator from Vermont is a
friend to the principle of this bill or not. If
it is his purpose to vote against this bill on the
question of its final passage, even though a
provision which would comprehend the merit-
orious patriots from his own State should be
embraced, I might receive with some distrust
any attempt of his to modify or amend the
bill. I understand—I hope I have been mis-
informed—that that honorable Senator is
opposed to and will vote against the bill with-
out regard to the form it may assume by any
amendment, even his own. If that be the
position of the honorable Senator, although
in a separate proposition I might be disposed
to do ample justice to the meritorious men of
Vermont who went to the defense of Platts-
burg, I would not vote for an amendment
which would embarrass the bill by a provision
which was offered by an enemy to the bill,
although it was intended to embrace as merito-
rious a class of men as the patriotic volunteers
of Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, Mr. President, the
position of my friend from Kentucky is that
lie would sacrifice the meritorious soldiers of
Vermont iu order to punish somebody who
proposed an amendment to the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all, Mr. President. It
is this: that an enemy of the bill by that sort
of improper warfare upon it should not be
allowed to load it down with amendments which
would jeopardize the bill if his amendments
were adopted, when the bill would be safe and
would pass without his amendments. That is
my position.
Now, Mr. President, I will notice an objec-
tion of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts. He wants this bill to assume the form
of a bill for the benefit of paupers exclusively.
I believe that it is a State regulation and a
State duty, to be performed under State stat-
utes, that the paupers of every State shall be
taken care of by the community in which they
live, and shall be supported by it. If these
men are to come in the form of paupers, and
in no other form, there is no need of making
any provision about them here, because at
home universally where these soldiers live, if
they are paupers, the community in which they
reside is required to give them a support. .But
1 object to your requiring to come here as a
pauper a gallant veteran of the war of 1812,
who marched in the depths Of winter and who
served out his time in severe campaigns when
the Government could not clothe him, and
appeals came from the Army to the women
ot the country to prepare clothing to cover
the nakedness of the soldiers in an inclement
campaign iti Canada, or Michigan, or north-
ern Ohio. I protest against men who volun-
teered to serve their country and who went
upon such inclement campaigns in its service,
and who were performing their duty to their
country almost without clothing, being required
to come here as paupers.
Mr. President, in the county in which 1 live,
and in the county of my birth that adjoins
it, there were more than two thousand volun-
teers who went to the army of the Northwest.
According to my best recollection there are
not ten of them now alive. There are none
of them in affluence. I know of none that is
not eighty years of age unless it be General
Coombs, the boy volunteer, and he is in a
state of poverty, of utter poverty, except the
little pension he draws as a disabled soldier.
I know some of these men that are not pau-
pers ; that is, they have some property; but
their property, with the little labor they can
bestow, does not afford them a comfortable
support. They may have a crust of corn-
bread, they may have a little fat middling of
bacon, and may raise a few beans to boil with
it, and upon this they may subsist. They have
no means to subsist better or more comfort-
ably. This pittance of eight dollars a month
would give them a little tea and coffee and
sugar and other luxuries, which we, the Sen-
ators of the United States, indulge in daily.
" Who would require these old men to humil-
iate themselves, to degrade themselves, by
going before a magistrate and swearing, under
the penalty of perjury if they swear falsely,
that they are paupers, and who if they take
that oath may be subject to the charge by
some malicious fiend, "you, to obtain this
pension, committed perjury and made a false
affidavit." Sir, a man that can bring these
aged veterans to the humiliation of that posi-
tion offers them no bounty, no benefit, much
less justice or magnanimity.
No, Mr. President; if we do this thing at all
let us do it handsomely; let us do it as men
toward men. They are in the last days of
their lives, to be sure, but they are men who
were once as vigorous and as powerful and had
as much social and moral influence as we, and
who have rendered in their day and generation
as much essential service to their country, to
its liberties, to its institutions, and to its inde-
pendence as we have. I scorn to accept any
such proposition iu their favor. If it is not
offered to them as men let it be %vithheld, and
let these old veterans and patriots drag out
the few days that are yet left to them, beyond
man's appointed time to live, in the same pen-
ury and with the same absence of comfort that
they have already lived in for so many years.
I hope the amendment will be voted down.
Mr. THURMAN. The motion of the Sen-
ator from Maryland is to strike out the words
"three months." I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "three months" and
inserting "fourteen days." That will make
it correspond with the bounty land act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If, as I understand, my
honorable friend from Ohio moves this amend-
ment with the purpose of supporting it when
the amendment to the amendment is agreed
to, I shall be satisfied with it, because it will
substantially, and I do not know but entirely,
include the great body of those gallaut men
who fought iu times of peril, and will conform
to the preceding laws and proceedings of the
Departments in granting bounties, and will
probably be of great advantage to the Pension
Office. With that understanding I shall vote
in favor of the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. THUliMAN. 1 wish to state to my
honorable friend from Vermont that I offer it
in perfect good faith, intending to vote for it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will vote for the propo-
sition of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
and I will vote for it in better faith than will
the Senator from Vermont. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ The ques-
tion is on the amendment ot the beuator from
Ohio to the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry that my friend
from Kentucky has lost all faith ia Vermont
this morning.
Mr. DAVIS. I never had much. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know ha never had ;
but he has a good deal more faith in Vermont
than Vermont has in him. [Laughter.}
Mr. DAVIS. I do not want any faith in
that quarter.
Mr, EDMUNDS^ If anybody could be sus-
pected of being an enemy of this bill, a real
enemy under a disguise, it would be my hon-
orable friend from Kentucky, because the
amendment that he has moved is certainly
more likely to be fatal to it than any other
possible one. At the same time I am bound
to do my friend from Kentucky the justice to
say that I believe he moved it in entire good
faith. I ask him to do me the justice to think
(although I tell him frankly that I do not be-
lieve in the philosophy of this bill; its friends
themselves cannot agree about the philoso-
phy of it) that the amendment I moved in the
interest of those who served less than three
months was moved in perfect good faith and
with the probable intention, that being agreed
to, of letting the bill go without any opposi-
tion from me.
Mr. DAVIS. I am glad that my friend is a
little mollified, and is disposed, if he can get
what he asks, to let the bill go without any
opposition from him, but not with his vote f
he does not say that. If he had pledged us
his vote I should have a little better J'aitli in
his proposition. But my complaint is this:
that the honorable Senator should propose an
amendment to the bill, the effect of which was
(and I do not know whether th&twasthe object
or not; I cannot say) to weaken the bill and
rather to secure its defeat; and when he gets
his amendment attached to it he still will not
support the bill. Under such circumstances
I do not think he is an advocate of the bill in
the best faith, according to my understanding
of good faith.
Mr. HOWELL. It strikes me that after
having agreed to one amendment, the first
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky, the agreement to a subsequent
amendment, if it is just and right, will not
add anything at alt to the peril of the bill,
either here or iu the House of Representa-
tives. It will have to be considered there
again, even for one amendment, and consid-
ering it for two, if the second one be just and
right, as I said before, will not add to the
peril of losing the bill.
I think that this amendment is just and
proper, and that it is very convenient also,
limiting the service to the same time that was
limited under the bounty laud law, which
enables the pension department at once to
understand all these applications, as bounty
lauds were granted to all who will probably
apply for pensions.
The Senator from Massachusetts has raised
a question as to the pensioning of these sol-
diers of the war of 1812, and the immense
pecuniary burden which he anticipates will be
imposed upon the country thereby, and the
great danger of the precedent that we shall
set here. Now, as to precedents, I have to
say that when the people of- the future com®
to decide upon questions for themselves and
for the future, let them decide as may be right
and proper. They need not plead the prece-
dent that we set here to-day for pensioning the
soldiers of 1812; they cannot plead it justly
unless they can show an equally meritorious
service on the part of those for whom they
shall plead it, and unless they can show, in
addition thereto, that the soldiers for whom
they plead it have attained the venerable age
of seventy-five years. I am willing to trust the
future to decide its own questions, and I am
wiliiug to utke my responsibility for deciding
the questions of the present.
We supportourarmies, weget them into the
field, we keep them in the field at a far less
expense than any country on the face of the
earth. It costs $l,000,0U0or more to keep up
a regiment of the regular Army during peace,
