1870.
m® CONGRESSIONAL ai^OBl.
m
honiewhenin Aracrioa, and which is celebrated
in his song, must secure for Fairmounf Park
the acknowledgment of superiority.
The free schools of Philadelphia fairly rep-
resent the American system ot public educa-
tion ; the colleges of medicine have world->vide
reputation, and are of undisputed superiority.
Pounded in 1765, the medical department of
the University of Pennsylvania is the oldest
medical school in the country, and it and its
great rival, the Jefferson Medical College, have
numbered among their professors some pf the
most distinguished names of medical science.
In architecture and the fine arts the United j
States cannot pretend to rival older and richer |
countries, yet something of original worth |
has been accomplished and cau be shown in '
Philadelphia. No large city of the country,
or the world, has so many dwellings in 'pro- ■
portion to population: the shameful tenement ;
system which prevails elsewhere is here un- j
known; and if the domestic architecture of j
Philadelphia may justly be charged with uni-
formity, and the splendor which would give i
variety is sometimes lacking, there is as con- i
spicuous lack of the squalor which elsewhere [
is its complement. j
During the late war the Union League of
Philadelphia emulated the patriotism of its
revolutionary heroes, and did more tnan any
other private organization to sustain the polit-
ical and military power of the Government-
If New York and Boston takepride in thf.ir
libraries and institutions of learning, Phila-
delphia may modestly claim equal merit. The
Philadelphia Library, founded one hundred
and forty years ago by Benjamin Franklin, was
the first and for a long time the only library
open to public use in the United States and
Europe. The Mercantile Library, founded in
1828, has grown to large proportions, possesses
a commodious building, and is under most
liberal management. The Apprentices' Library
dates back still further; and there are other
institutions of this character too numerous to
catalogue here.
In the natural sciences the Philadelphia Acad-
emy possesses collections which are not sur-
passed in the world, and, in conjunction with
kindred and corresponding philosophical and
scientific associations of the city, this academy
has given to Philadelphia, a deserved reputa-
tion among learned societies abroad.
I have not eulogized the afchitecture of Phila-
delphia, and it cannot claim to rival some other
cities in the grandeur ot its public buildings,
but it has many private edifices of merit, and it
is emphatically a city of churches. It does,
however, possess buildings which are the finest
specimens of Grecian architecture upon this
continent, and it is characteristic of Philadel-
phia that these most costly and most classic
edifices are devoted to the education and to the
comfort of destitute orphan children. _ With
surrounding embellishments, the buildings of
Girard College cost $2,000,000. It now has
about six hundred inmates. Its beneficiaries
are taken from the lower, and even from the
vicious walks of life, and trained to be use-
ful members of society. It gives them liberal
maintenance and a thorough education, and its
guardianship extends to their establishment in
some respectable employment.
The benefactions of the most liberal men
often seem to themselves as but drops cast
into the great sea of poverty, ignorance, and
crime, and at times they despair of accom-
plishing any permanent good; but they_may
take heart and hope from the example ot Ste-
phen Girard. I cannot contemplate the per-
petual stream of living beneficence, springing
through his bounty from the homes of poverty
and despair, and flowing on in puiity and
beauty, not for a day, but forever,' without
renewed faith in the goodness of humanity and
reverence for this great and wise benefactor.
Living:, Girard was banned as an infidel, and
the voice of detraction was not silenced by
his death : but Girard College, the creature of
his will and eu4pwed with his >vqfdth, is sue!}
a liying confession of faith as satisfies that
simplest ypt fullest and most authoritative of
all creeds, love of the neighbor and love of
Gj-od. It is no slight matter thaf Philadelphia
can show to foreigners visiting the international
exhibition the noblest and grandest charity qf
the new world.
I know with what readiness fhepresg of other
cities, and their advocates on this floor, -vyill
challenge my statements and controvert and
outdo in behalf of its rivals my eulogy pf the
City of Brotherly Love. Pride'of locality anc|
zeal for local interests are elenaepts pf patriot-
ism, and there is little hope for (.he improve:
inent pf a country in which they are not found.
I expect to find New York, Boston, St. tiouis,
Chicago, and other cities asserting their supe-
riority in the particulars I liavp cited; yet I
shall be glad to learn that any or all of them
possess such institutions for practical scientific
and literary education, as richly endowed and
liberally managed, as the Philadelphia Library,
the Academy of Natural Sciences, and Girard
College.
The Franklin Institute was the first organi-
zation of its kind in the country tp give public
competitive exhibitions of the products of
home industry: an office in which it has found
much help,"but which it can still wqrthily per-
form. Its influence has been bounded by no
municipal or State lines, but has been national,
and its encouragement of American^manufac-
tures has been the cause of progress in the arts
and industries, and has contributed to the pros
perity and independence of the whole country.
This institution has memorialized Congress
upon the subject qf this bill, and the details
of the conduct of an international exhibition
of industries would be undertaken by it, and
could be intrusted to no more fitting or capable
management.
If it is conceded that an industrial exhibi-
tipn is to be made in the city where the indus-
tries are found in greatest variety and perfec-
tion, no further enumeration of Philadelphia's
advantages or claims need be made. New
York may justly claim to be the commercial
capital, but Philadelphia is certainly the indus-
trial capital of America. To day Philadelphia
is the first manufacturing city on this conti-
nent, and the second in the world, London
being the first. The census just taken shows
that the capital of its citizens invested in man-
ufactures largely exceeds one hundred million
dollars, employing one hundred and fifty
thousand workmen ; and the product of its
manufactures amounts to over two hundred
million dollars annually. Unlimited command
of coal and iron, and nearness to the rich
food-producing lands of Pennsylvania, New
Jersey, and Delaware, have given Philadel-
phia superior facilities; but there could have
been no such marvelous developments of pro-
ductive forces if they had not been fostered
by wise national legislation. As contrasted
with the greed and demoralization caused by
! the predominance of foreign trade, Philadel-
phia strikingly exhibits all the beneficial results
which flow from the employment of the people
in productive industries. Capital and popula-
tion are fixed and steady, industry is varied to
suit all tastes and capacities, invention is stim-
ulated, intelligence is quickened, the people
; are more constantly employed, the comforts
i of life are more abundant and more evenly
I distributed, vice finds a foe in well-regulated
| labor, the tiller of the soil and the common
[ carrier are kept busy and well rewarded, and
1 our own, and not a foreign land, is benefited.
| It cannot be objected that Philadelphia is
not ad equate to the mere business requirements
| of a great international exhibition. The harbor
I is commodious, land and water comtnunica-
II Hons are ample, and the city being nearer the
'I center of mining and manufacturing industry
!i than any of its rivals, transportation and travel
|i will be less costly. The communications wiihin
ii the city and its environs, by means ot street
railroads, ^.rempve complete thfipj can J^efqqnd
elsewhere, and its hotels and boarding-houses
are capable of entertaining at mofjeyate rates;
all visitors.
3?airmount Park, in which it is proposed to.
Ifpld the exhibition, needs no praise. It em:
braces mpre ttian three thousand acres of land
and watpr, and is destined to be the finest city
park in the world. It is near the principal
thoroughfares and business centers of the city.
Railroads touph it on every side, and a beau-
tiful river runs through it. Nature has lavishly
en^pwed it, anil it has been and is being im-
proved by art. The wprk pf fitting it fof the
special purposes of the celebration is npw
in progress, and long before the 4th day of
July, 1876, it will be so improved and adorned
that no fitter place for the purpose can be
found, and none that will more richly merit
the admiration of every visitor.
Tjiat foreign nations and our own people may
befully notified of the intended exhibition, and
the features it is to possess, and be prepared
to compete for its prizes, it is important that
Government should give early sanction to the
project and take the initial steps to insure its
complete success. To awaken'interest in the
subject and to provide for Governmental action
in the premises, the bill under consideration
has been framed. By its provisions the total
expense that Government would be called upon
tp meet would be such only as it would incur
from the appointment of a commission to organ-
ize the exhibition' and superintend the details
of its management. This expense would be
but a trifle, while the direct and incidental
advantages to our whole people would be incal-
culable.
If it were not necessary, in order to give to
the celebration and exhibition an international
as well as national character, that Congress
should sanction and inaugurate the project,
the local authorities of Pennsylvania and Phil-
adelphia would assume their sole direction.
If Congress shall decide to take such action
as is contemplated in the proposefi legislation,
1 am authorized to say that Philadelphia and
Pennsylvania will give the use of Fairmount
Park, erect buildjngs, and make all the neces-
sary arrangements for the exhibition free from
expense to the Government.
Upon all patriotic and industrial considera-
tions, the claims of Philadelphia to the cen-
tennial celebration and exhibition are so para-
mount that I anticipate the intention, on the
part of any who may contend for another loca-
tion, to concede that there might or should be
a celebration in that city, but that it lias no
claim to an international exposition, because
it is not the commercial metropolis of the
country. 1 answef, that Philadelphia has, by
the encouragement she has given tp manufac-
tures, advanced the prosperity of the whole
country, while the policy of all stiictly com-
mercial cities is to favor the importation of the
manufactures of foreign peoples which compete
with our own, and thus to suppress the devel-
opment of home industries. Philadelphia has
always been true to American industry; our
chief commercial city ha<; been made tributary
to the interests of foreign capitalists.
I he objection has been raised that Phila-
delphia was not the first eitv to propose an
international exhibition. I have the positive
evidence that this is a mistake. As early as
the summer of 1868 the matter was made the
subject of correspondence between the mayor
of Philadelphia and a distinguished professor
in a western college. In 180'• an editorial
article in a leading Cincinnati journal favored,
in most explicit andeomplimentary terms, the
holding of a centennial celebration and exhi-
bition at Philadelphia. This article was ex-
tensively copied bv other journals, Iiarly m
1870 the memorial of Philadelphia and the
Slate of Pennsylvania, to which i have ah'oa'.y
referred, was presented io 0ong.ess.
M r. Speaker, T have indulged in no extended
allusion to the wonderful results v.'.uch have
