932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3>
let alone in a time of war; and yet we do «s
much with these volunteer soldiers daring the
time of war as we do with the regular soldiers
that have to be sustained during peace at the
rate of more than $1,000,000 a year for each
regiment. Then we are not doing any great
harm to the country, we are not doing an.
extravagant and an outrageous thing in now
providing for these volunteers who went into
the service and defended their country from
peril, and then laid down their arms and went
to their occupations and supported and sus-
tained themselves, a pitifal pension. If we
had supported a standing army during all this
time to the extent in numbers of the volun-
teers who came forward and defended their
country we should have seen a very different
burden of taxation upon the country from that
which this bill proposes.
Let Senators and let the conntry take this
matter into consideration, and let them, in
view of the fret that the country is defended
aud has been defended in all our wars by vol-
unteer soldiers to a very great extent, remem-
ber that thus we have saved the expense of
standing armies in time of peace as well as in
time of war; and that therefore we are the
better able to extend liberal pensions, liberal
bounties, and liberal support to these volun-
teers when they come and ask them at our
hands. I will not plead poverty against these
pensioners. I will not plead the poverty of the
Government against the old soldiers who have
fought for its cfefense when subsidy bills and
increase of salary bills are before us and urged
upon the Senate by not a majority, probably,
but by so many of its distinguished members.
Mr. WILSON. I do not rise, Mr. Presi-
dent, at this time especially to oppose this
amendment in the form it comes before us. I
shall vote against it, as I have against all other
amendments, for the reason that I choose to
stand by the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives. That may not be a reason
satisfactory to the Senator from Vermont, but
it is certainly one that satisfies me.
In regard to the Senator from Iowa being
bound by precedent, I do not suppose anybody
ever'thought that he would be 
Mr. HOWELL. That is so.
Mr. WILSON. Some of us, perhaps, choose
to act otherwise; and I suppose we have a
right to do so.
Now, I wish simply to say that I acknowl-
edge no right, no claim whatever, in law or in
equity, on the part of those provided for by
this bill. The country made no promises of this
kind to them. When they enlisted they expected
nothing of the kind ; and it is a mere matter
whether we will do it or not. There is no claim
upon us whatever. We pensioned the soldiers
of the Revolution for the reason that we did
not pay them. It was the beginning of a sys-
tem of that kind, and we have not departed
from it. Here is the first departure. Unques-
tionably if it is adopted we shall carry it out in
regard to wars that have already taken place
or that may hereafter occur. This bill does not
apply to volunteers any more than it applies
to regular soldiers. It applies to all. It is
in every sense of the word a simple gratuity,
nothing more and nothing less. There is not
the shade of a shadow of legal or moral obli-
gation aboutit; and therefore I choose—others
may do as they please—to put it on the simple
question of aiding those who have served the
country and who need aid ; not the men who
do not need it.
Many of these old soldiers need this pension.
I am willing to vote it, to vote it as a gratuity,
and nothing else; for it is nothing else; but I
do not want to vote a gratuity to men who are
independent, self-supporting, who have prop-
city to the value, many of them, of thousands
ami tens of thousands of dollars. I have no
doubt that in the future, and perhaps the near
future, there will be other bills here to pension
men who fought for the country in the Mexican
war or the Indian wars, and perhaps, at no dis-
tant day, to include the men who fought through
the war of the rebellion—men who received
bounties and received their pay. The time may
come when these men—old, aged, poor, unable
to support themselves by their own toil—may
strongly appeal to the patriotism, the gener-
osity, and the liberality of the country; but
they cannot appeal on any ground of legal
right or claim. When they do come, to the
men who need it I will give it; to the men who
have property and abundance I will not give
it. That is the distinction I choose to act
upon and vote upon. It may not be satis-
factory to anybody else, but it is the reason I
give for casting my vote for this bill as it came
from the House of Representatives.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I shall
vote for this bill, but I shall do so upon grounds
wholly different from those stated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. If I believed that
the Government was under no legal or equit-
able or moral obligation to pass this bill, J
certainly could not justify myself in voting for
it. I do not know upon what principle the
Oongress of the United States can vote away
the money of the Government except to meet
some legal, equitable, or moral obligation of
the Government. But I believe that the Gov-
ernment is under an equitable and moral
obligation in this case; and, believing so, I
shall vote for the passage of this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thubmajt] to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton.]
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended, strik-
ing out " three months" and inserting "four-
teen days."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to restore the
proviso in the original bill, beginning in line
twenty of section one, so that the widow's pen-
sions will only be paid to a widow who was
married to a soldier before the war or dur-
ing the war. I move to amend, therefore, by
inserting the following:
Provided, That such widow shall have been mar-
ried prior to the treaty of peace which terminated
said war to an officer or enlisted or drafted man,
who served as aforesaid in said war.
I had made up my mind, with some doubts
about the reason for it and some hesitation as
to its propriety, to vote for the bill as it came
from the House of Representatives. It is very
difficult indeed to give a reason for voting for
a pension bill like this. There is only one
example, I believe, in the history of mankind
where any nation undertook to pension all who
served during a war, and that was in 1832, when
our fathers pensioned the soldiers of the revo-
lutionary war; and the debate upon that pension
bill should be very instructive to us now. The
ground upon which the general pension law of
1832 was passed was, first, that the soldiers of
the Revolution had never been paid according
to law; they had received paper money, which
was itself repudiated during the war; and, con-
sequently, all the promises made to them dur-
ing the Revolution had been violated. Again,
it was claimed, in regard to those soldiers who
had never been paid, that money was lying idle
in the Treasury. At that time there was an
accumulation. The debt of the Revolution had
all been paid; the debt of the war of 1812 had
all been paid; and there was then an accumu-
lation of idle money in the Treasury; and the
question was what to do with it. About that
time various schemes for the distribution of
the surplus revenue were presented; and the
pension bill was one of them.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator allow me to
state that he is mistaken as to the date of the
first pension bill for soldier-s of the Revolu-
tion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am speaking of the gen-
eral bill.
Mr. DAVIS. There was a general pension
bill passed about the year 1817 or 1818.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have the pension laws
before me, and my recollection was that the
general pension law was passed in 1835, but
in that I see I was mistaken ; it was 1832.
Mr. HILL. There was an act of 1818<
Mr. SHERMAN. That was confined to in-
valids.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all. It was for those
who • were poor. The law was afterward
altered. I recollect that some of the old sol-
diers would not take the oath of poverty.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky is probably more familiar than I am with
the details of the pension laws; but he will
find that all the laws prior to 1832 were limited
in their character, confined to invalids, or,
perhaps, to paupers, though I am not sure of
that; at any rate, the general pension law of
1832 was passed under the peculiar circtrm-
stances I have mentioned. It was put npore
the express ground, first, that we owed to
the soldiers of the Revolution some of their
back pay which they had never received ; andj
second, that the liquidated debt of the United
States being then paid off, or about to be paid
off, the last installment becoming due in 1833,
this was a debt to those soldiers which we
were bound to pay. Because we had a snrplti3
revenue, and because a debt was still due to
these soldiers, the pension law was passed ia
1832.
I do not know in the history of mankind of
another general pension law; but if there ia
one I should like to have some Senator better
versed in history than I am to tell it to us.
The English pension law and the laws of other
nations grant pensions to disabled soldiers;
Still, notwithstanding the doubt, not about our
power to pay it, but about the propriety of
establishing a precedent of this kind under
totally different circumstances, I was rather
disposed to let the old soldiers' bill pass as it
came to us from the House of Representatives,
partly because I know very many of these old
soldiers and would be glad to see them paid.
Perhaps there is no State in the Union whose
population was so universally employed in the .
war of 1812 as the frontier population of Ohio
and northern New York. There was scarcely
an able-bodied male person above the age of
sixteen years in Ohio that was not in the mili-
tary service of the United States during the
war of 1812. The State of Ohio was then a
frontier State; the northern part of it was occu-
pied by Indians. Many battles were fought on
the soil of Ohio. We were invaded by the
Indians and the British under Proctor, and
the ICentuckians came gallantly to our relief.
Some of the most important battles were fought
either on our soil or on our immediate front-
ier ; so that I have heard the old people say
that there was not a single male person in Ohio
of the age of sixteen years and upward who
did not enlist in some way or other in the war
of 1812. If he did not enlist he was a dis-
graced man, because the whole country was
overrun.
To those who are now disabled, or who are
poor or needy, I feel disposed to give "pensions.
But, sir, as amended, the bill is much broader
in its character. How much it will take I have
not stopped to estimate. We only know that
forty years after the war was over there were
two hundred and twelve thousand men who
proved their right to land warrants under an
act containing precisely the same provisions
as to service as does this bill. Two hundred
and twelve thousand persons proved under" the
land-warrant act that they were entitled ; to
land warrants, and received them. How many
of them still survive I do- not know.
I know soldiers of the war of 1812 who are
worth a million dollars; I know many of
them, indeed, who are independent, wealthy
