1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
seems to be perfectly fair on its face. It seems
all right enough, because it says distinctly in
section seven that no compensation for services
shallbepaidto the commissionersoralternates,
but their traveling expenses shall be paid to an
amount not exceeding the usual mileage of
members of Congress for each delegate or
alternate, covering the whole two hundred and
twenty-two commissioners present at the ses-
sion of the commission to and from their res-
idences. Nov/, what is there in that? They
ought to be paid mileage, some gentlemen
would say, and so I think that they ought to
be paid something for their service. If they
are to be appointed to take charge of the exhi-
bition on the part of the Government they
ought to be competent persons, and paid for
their service. You cannot get efficient ser-
vices from servants, public or private, except
from ttfo motives: first, their love for the cause
in which they are engaged, or, secondly, for
the money which they can make out of it.
Now, then, who is there in this House that
believes for a moment that the President of
the United States is likely to find two hundred
and twenty-two persons in this country who are
willing to spend their time for nearly six years
in the promotion of this cause for the mere
love of it and pay their own expenses? No
thinking man will pretend that such persons
can be i'ouud. They will serve, if at all, for
what they can make out of it. Now, what will
they make out of it? Why,.it takes for the
members of Congress somewhere about forty
thousand dollars to pay the mileage from their
homes to this House. There are nearly as
many commissioners to be appointed as there
are members of this House. If you pass this
bill, and if this commission shall do its duty, if
it shall perform efficiently the services required
by the bill, it will meet at least from fourto six
times a year lor the next three or four years,
and after that it must meet at least once a
month, and during the last year it will have
to meet oflener than once a month, or it can-
not efficiently perform the services which you
require of it.
Now, if it meets only four times a year the
mileage alone will amount to over a million
and a half of dollars. If it meets six times a
year, once in two months—and unless they do
so meet any one practically conversant with
these matters must know that they cannot dis-
charge the duties to be imposed upon them
efficiently, of which they are required to make
a report to the next Congress—if it meets only
once in two months the mileage alone of the
commissioners will be $2,400,000 for the time
they have to serve.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is something in
this which challenges the earnest attention of
every member of this House. There is some-
thing which challenges the serious consider-
ation of members before they allow a bill of
this kind, crude and ill-considered as this bill
is, to pass this House. If such an appropria-
tion were asked for in exact figures the coun-
try would ring with denunciations of such
extravagance from one end to the other.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ilOURELL, of Pennsylvania. I now
yield to my colleague, [Mr. Myers.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I ask the chairman
of the committee to yield to me a few minutes
l'Mr"'MOIlItELL, of Pennsylvania. I do
not know that 1 can yield further to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Cleveland,] as
{tie time is so limited and a number of other
gentlemen wish to be heard.
Mr. CLEVELAND. How much time does
the gentleman have at his disposal?
Mr. MUMtELL, of Pennsylvania. I pro-
pose to continue the bill into the morning hour
io-riorrow, and the gentleman may then have
an opportunity of speaking.
Mr.'CLEVELAND. I would prefer getting
iivt or ti-'ii minutes more from the gentleman
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman wishes more time to-morrow he
shall have it; I have promised to yield to-
day to my colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Myers 3
Mr. CLEVELAND. I shall ask, then, for
more time as the discussion progresses.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, in a little more
than five years hence America will witness the
most remarkable celebration that history will
have to record—the hundredth birthday of a
republic which has done more good for man-
kind than ever before was accomplished by any
Government. It will mark a century of such
advancement, not only in freedom, but in dis-
covery and science and civilization, as was never
dreamed of by the wildest enthusiast. National
holidays are the well-springs at which a peo-
ple drink new life, remembering the sources
of their happiness; and this great holiday will
recall and reiterate for posterity the noble
beginnings, the self-sacrificing virtues of the
fathers who framed a Government in which
liberty was the corner-stone and manhood the
only title to preferment.
The joy at this event will be universal in
this favored land, the newest States vying with
the oldest ones in gratitude for the widespread
blessings which have followed that Declara-
tion of a people's Independence to which the
annals of the world afford no parallel. From
ocean to ocean, by every valley and hill-side
and stream, and on every shore and sea where
the flag of the.Union floats, this celebration
will take place ; none so humble upon whom
its sunlight will not fall; none so exalted as to
be prouder than the rest of its glorious fruition.
It will tell of a nationality won, of a republic
vindicated, of longyearsof peace, because hold-
ing aloof from the quarrels of the Old World; of
honorable battle when war became a neces-
sity, of arts fostered, of humanity elevated, of
progress unsurpassed; and finally, when in-
ternal strife arose from the only blot 011 our
civilization, it will register the story of a peo-
ple redeemed, reunited, and henceforth with-
out a motive for discord.
This mighty consummation must be honored
not merely by a general thanksgiving, but it
is admitted that under the national sanction
there should be a national commemoration, an
international exhibition, where not only the
United States but other lands shall bung
together some of the results which this won-
derful century has quickened into existence;
where agiiculture shall still assert the su-
premacy of the soil and the mines pour out
their wealth of ores; where commerce shall
waft 011 new wings the gifts of the nations, and
steam shall speed to us friendly thousands, and
electricity bear their messages of good-will;
where manufactures, the prohibition of which
was a fruitful cause for the colonies to rebel,
shall contribute from their vast storehouse
of improvements; and from which it is hoped
| oilier lands may learn the lesson of unity
' and peace.
| There is but one place where this national
J observance of our centennial anniversary can
I properly be held. A nation created and pre-
! served will not by legislative decree celc-
I brate its birthday by choosing a locality other
1 than its birthplace. Especially will it not do
| so when every incident and adjunct unites with
! every association in rendering that birthplace
; the most admirable selection.
My colleague, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Manufactures, [Mr. Mokkell,] has
I spoken of the many advantages which Phila-
I delphia presents for the occasion. All con-
j cede her historic title, for there the three im-
i portant steps were taken which gave us these
hundred years of prosperous life. There the
first Congress met to deliberate on the oppres-
sions which rendered necessary our separation
from the mother country—a body of whom
Lord Chatham said to Franklin they were " the
most honorable assembly of men ever known."
1 There, iwo years later, in letters that kings
might read from afar, John Hancock, with the
great men who had been his fellow-laborers in
the cause, with Jefferson and Franklin and
Adams and Lee and Sherman among the rest,
.set their names to the Declaration of our In-
dependence. There, eleven years later still,
when the confederation of States proved faulty
and insecure, Washington presided over the
Convention of wise and patriotic men which
framed the Constitution and assured to us that
more perfeet Union which bids fair to be per-
petual.
It is the good fortune of Philadelphia that
her location and wonderful progress add every
fitness to the history which renders the selec-
tion of that city appropriate for this interesting
occasion. The local advantages of the site
were strikingly foreshadowedby William Penn,
when, in 1683, he wrote:
"Of all the many places I have seen in the world
I remember not one better seated; so that it seems
to me to have been appointed for a town, whether we
regard the two rivers or the loftiness and soundness
of the land and the air."
A town,indeed, of vast extent and handsomely
laid out by Penn himself, the public squares
he planned have led to the establishment of
the unequaled park where our city and State
authorities and scientific associations have
asked that the exhibition shall be held under
that governmental sanction which it deserves.
With beauties alike of landscape and archi-
tecture to allure, encompassing every charity
the mind can conceive, with comfortable build-
ings not more solid than the hospitality it will
extend, the largest manufacturing city in the
Union, the metropolis of a State whose min-
eral wealth is almost boundless, most aptly can
welcome the visitors from every State and clime
to a gathering where science and the mechanic
arts must bear the chief palm.
But, Mr. Speaker, 1 have chiefly addressed
the House at this time to say that while this
subject was not by reference sent to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, of which Ihovethe
honor to be a member, that committee was
invited to cooperate in regard to it with the
Committee on Manufactures. And 1 am au-
thorized to state here that the Committee o-n
Foreign Affairs unites with the Committee 011
Manufactures in indorsing Philadelphia as the
place where the centennial anniversary of
American independence should be celebrated
under Government sanction, as proposed.
My friend from New Jersey, [M.-. Cleve-
land,] whose opposition to the measure is
most surprising, says he was the first to intro-
duce a proposition of this kind—pne emanating
from the American Institute of New York—-and
attempts to underrate the Franklin Institute of
Philadelphia, which very appropriately joined
in the request for this national exhibition.
That celebrated scientific association needs no
defense from me, nor is it necessary that I should
endeavor to depreciate any rival, especially one
so much its junior. It merely joined with the
authorities of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania,
who, in response to the wishes of the people
there, and, I believe, throughout the country,
officially memorialized Congress, asking that
this great occasion shall not be allowed to pass
without a fitting celebration, to show, amid a
nation's joy and gratitude, what the century
has given to mankind.
His proposal shows that he was in favor of a
national observance, and with Government
"aid," for that is the word just read in the
petition he presented, and but for that desire
it would not have been before Congress. The
objection comes with a poor grace from that
gentleman. I do not suppose that New York
will claim the honor because a memorial from
one of her societies happened to be offered first.
That would be a new doctrine indeed. We had
thought that a great majority of our patriotic
people could imagine but one place for tins
celebration.
The gentleman further objects to the bill that
commissioners are to be appointed for each
State. That is the only just and effective plan,
