1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
farmers. I know many of them in all the
different walks of'life. My impression is that
one or two of the wealthiest men in the United
States now living served in the war of 1812.
Mr. DAVIS, Who?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Vanderbilt, I think,
is one. I know of some that are very wealthy
tadeed who served in the war of 1812.
Mr. President, is it wise for us to extend onr
pension-list at this moment except on pecu-
liar grounds? This act now passed without
the reasons that justified the original prece-
dent will be made an example hereafter; and
when partisans hereafter seeking popularity—
because no popularity is so cheap as this desir-
ing to relieve "old soldiers"—may propose
to extend our pension-list so as to embrace
those who served in the recent war, what will
become of the Treasury? It will be impos-
sible, in the nature of things, for the Govern-
ment of the United States to pay pensions to
those who survive the recent civil war.
I say, therefore, that unless you confine this
pension bill to peculiar ground, place it upon
the ground of poverty or indigence, where the
Government of the United States might prop-
erly step forward and give a pension to those
who are really needy, you cannot justify the
bill. It is unpleasant to say this; but I do it
because I feel that my duty requires me to
say so.
Now, a word in regard to the amendment I
have offered. This bill, if it is adopted as now
amended on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky, will give pensions to the widows of
the soldiers of the war of 1812. It often hap-
pened that these soldiers who survived the war
of 1812 married, many of them probably at the
age of forty or fifty. The great body of them
married after the war was over, probably from
1835 to 1850, leaving in many cases widows
■who are even yet in the middle age of life.
No doubt there are cases in every community
where the widows of these soldiers are now in
the full vigor of life; and yet they are to be
entitled to a pension under this bill. Why ?
Not because they are poor and needy; many
of Ihem do not need at all. The pensions
to widows under the operation of this bill, as
now amended, will be four times the number
of those to surviving soldiers. No man can
receive a pension under this bill unless he is
about seven ty-five years of age; and yet there
will be widows pensioned under this bill who
may not be over thirty-five or forty.
Many of these old soldiers married a second
time late in life, perhaps after the first family
were grown up and married off, in theordinary
course of events. Therefore, we are giving
pensions to perhaps five times as many widows,
the great body of whom are in independent
cirenmstances, and thus largely swelling the
pension list; and that, too, in express viola-
tion of the principles of the original pension
law of 1832.
My friend from Vermont reminds me that
many of the widows of the soldiers of the war
of 1812 may have remarried since. Their old
soldier husbands being dead, theyhave married
again. Tbey may have families; they may
not be at all dependent on any oae; they may
be entirely independent; ana yet this addi-
tional cost is to be added to the expenses of
the Government without any great necessity.
Mr. President, 1 know it is always invidious
and unpleasant to thrust these economic rea-
sonsinto adiscussion where the natural prompt-
ing of the heart is to give and to §ive gener-
ously. I myself should be glad to yield to this
prompting, and I was rather disposed to yield
to it, even against my convictions of what is
right in favor of the bill as it passed theHouse,
Now, if you put the bill in the form in which
it passed the House, I would join my friend
from Kentucky in voting for it, although I can-
not give a reason sufficient to defend it. I
■would vote for it on the general ground that
where a soldier has rendered service to his
country in tune ot peril there is a kind of
moral obligation, in case he is overcome by
adversity or poverty, to give him a helping
hand; and I would do it even if there was
a doubt about our power to do it. But to
add all these survivors and all the surviving
widows of deceased soldiers now to the pen-
sion-roll, enormously increasing the expenses
of the Government, is very improper. To
what extent this would involve the Treasury,
I do not know. I have no doubt there are
thirty or forty thousand of these widows at the
lowest estimate; and including widows and
soldiers the bill now probably includes fifty
thousand persons. If so, it would involve
$5,000,000 a year. Is it worth while for us,
in a mere feeling of generosity, to put this addi-
tional burden upon our people, especially at a
time when the property-holders of this country
are not willing to pay the only tax that is levied
upon them by the United States?
This is all I desire to say. I hope this amend-
ment will be adopted at all events.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that this part
of the bill having been stricken out in commit-
tee in conjunction with other words, it will not
be in order in committee to move to insert these
words; but when the bill is reported to the
Senate, the Senator can reserve the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky and move
to amend it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I will do that.
Mr. WARNER. I was in hopes that this
bill might be acted upon in the shape in which
it came from the House of Representatives.
As stated by the Senator from Ohio, all pen-
sion laws rest upon the idea of the disability
of a soldier incurred while in the discharge of
hisduty. All Governments, ours with the rest,
have recognized the obligation to provide by
pensions and bounties for those who have been
disabled from providing for themselves while
in the military service of their respective Gov-
ernments. We have already done that in the
case of these soldiers, as we have done it in
regard to those who have'served the country
since.
This bill, if it rests upon any principle, rests
upon the idea that there is an obligation on
the part of the Government to take care of
and provide for every person who shall per-
form military service to the country. The
part, I understand, that limits this pension to
those who are dependent has been stricken
out, so that now we are called upon to provide
for these men a pension, without regard to
length of service, without regard to disability,
without regard to their present condition, so
that it rests entirely and simply on the prin-
ciple that we are called upon to provide for
them merely because they rendered military
service.
We might as well look the fact in the face
that that principle will require to do the same
thing in regard to all those who served during
the last war. Not only may we becalied upon,
on the principle on which we act in this bill,
to provide for every soldier who, whether
wonnded in battle or not, whether disabled in
service or not, is still in a suffering or depend-
ent condition, but we shall also be called
upon to provide for them from the mere fact
of having performed military service, because
we have stricken out of the bill that part which
requires any period of service; for fourteen
days is no period requiring any particular
compensation; and we have stricken out that
part which limits it to those who are dependent.
This Government, as well as all others, has
recognized the principle of providing for
those of its soldiers who are dependent. Our
National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Sol-
diers, our Soldiers' Home in this District for
regular Army soldiers, the hospitals of the
Governments of the Old World, all rest upon
the idea that there is an obligation on the Gov-
ernment to provide for those of its citizens
who have performed military service and have
been disabled in it, or have thereby gotten into
a condition where they are suffering or likely
to suffer. Our asylum at Dayton, with its
branches, one in Maine awl the otber in the
West, rests upon that idea; and we might
defend this bill upon precisely the suiiie prin-
ciple on which we established the asylums for
volunteer and regular soklsera if we kept in
it the provision which limited it in its appli-
cation to those who are in a dependent con-
dition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to malre an in-
quiry for information of my friend from Ala-
bama. He refers to the asylum at Dayton as
being founded upon the principle which he is
now advocating. I wish to inquire whether
that is not founded upon the principle of giv-
ing relief only to those who have become dis-
abled by military service, and not after mili-
tary service ?
Mr. WARNER. I think the admittance to
that asylum is not limited to those who have
been disabled in the service, bat that any vol-
unteer soldier who is now in a disabled or
dependent condition may be admitted. I do
not think that the rule of the pension law is
rigorously applied in regard to candidates for
admission there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that a State institu-
tion, founded under the laws of Ohio?
Mr. WARNER. No; it is founded under
the laws of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I can assare my
friend that the laws of the United States do
not provide for soldiers who left the service
well and afterward became sick or needy.
They only provide for those who have reached
a condition of disability iu consequence of
their military service.
Mr, WARNER. Perhaps it may be traced
in some degree to their military service; but
I ask the Senator if he is certain that a man
who left the service well and has since become
disabled may not be admitted to the institution ?
I think he is mistaken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel very sure that he
could not be admitted according to its rales or
according to law. Whether, in pomt of fact,
he might not be admitted, I could aot tell
without going to Daytoa.
Mr. WARNER. That only makes the lim-
itation still narrower. If even into these asy-
lums which are provided for our-disabled vol-
unteer and regular soldiers only those are
admitted who are disabled by reason of their
military service and while in the service, then
there is still more reason why we should limit
this bill to those who at least now are dependent.
This bill as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives does not require that the soldier
shall have been disabled, because those dis-
abled in the service are already provided for.
Neither does it require that his disability now
shall have been by reason of his service, but
simply that he shall be now in a dependent
condition. Then, if besides that the period
of service is strickcn oat, as it practically is
by the amendment already made, there is
but one ground of principle upon which the
Government can rest this bill, and fhat is that
it owes an obligation to the individual simply
for the reason that he performed military ser-
vice. I do not know of any other principle
upon which a vote for the bill can be defended,
because as amended it will apply to the man
now who may be wealthy like Sir. Vanderbilt
with his $25,000,000.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question? Was Mr.
Vanderbilt in the war of 1812?
Mr. WARNER. I was simply referring to
what the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
said, that he had understood so. I do not
know the fact,
Mr. DAVIS. I think it is hardly so.
Mr. WARNER. At any rate it. will apply
to some who are in affluent circumstances now.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a remark here, and I will not
interrupt him again ? The men of 1812 in serv-
