1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
dictmcnt, whether as party or attorney; and whoever
shall further entertain or consideras judge aijy such
cause, suit, plaint, or indictmcnt in said State court,
after such suggestion shall have been made or filed
in writing, sliall be liable as and for a high misde-
meanor, and, upon indictment in the circuit court
of the United States for that district, and upon con-
viction, to be punished by fine of not less than $1,000
and not more than^5,000, and imprisonment in the
penitentiary not less than one year nor more than five
years, at the discretion of the court. And it shall be
the duty of whoever shall have prosecuted said cause,
suit, plaint, or indictment in said court so removed
to a circuit court, toentcrthesameattheterm thereof
next to be hoiden in said district; and if the party
prosecuting fail to enter the same at said term, then
the party defendant may enter said cause, suit, plaint,
or indictment in said court at the next succeeding
term thereafter. Andit shall betheduty ot theclerk
or other recording officers of the court from which
said cause, suit, plaint, or indictment has been re-
moved, forthwith to deliver a memorandum of the
cause, containing the names of the parties, and tlic
suggestion upon which the same was removed, to
the clerk of said circuit court, and to furnish, upon
the application of either party, copies of all pro-
ceedings in said cause, plaint, or indictment, and
papers filed therein, in said court, upon the pay-
ment or tender of payment of the fees prescribed by
law for copies of lik#pap«rs in saidState court. And
if such clerk or other recording officer shall refuse,
upon the tender of payment, to give said copies, or
shall neglect to deliver said memorandum, then he
shall be liable, upon indictment and conviction,
to be punished as a promoter of said cause, suit,
plaint, or indictment, after the removal thereof, as
hereinbefore set forth. And if the copies of the papers
in said cause, suit, plaint, or indictmcnt cannot be
procured by either party thereto from such clerk or
recording ofiicer, then either party may set forth, by
his affidavit, the substance of said papers arid the
proceedings in said State court, and tile the same
instead of the papers in said cause, suit, plaint, or
indictment in said circuit court; whereupon the same
proceedings stiall bo had us it the copies of said cause,
suit, plaint, or indictment had been duly andlegally
transmitted by the clerk of said State court to said
circuit court, save that after the entry of said caso
the judge of said circuit court shall have power to
order theclerk of said State court to besummoned
and to bring with him the papers in said cause, suit,
plaint, or indictment, orduiy certified copies thereof;
and a failure to comply with said order of said cir-
cuit court shall be adjudged and treated and pun-
ished as a contempt of said court. Whenever it
shall appear to said circuit, court in any cause, suit,
plaint, or indictmentso removed into said court, after
due hearing of the parties, that the suggestion for
the removal of the same is not in fact true, that the
cause oi action did not arise out of or concerning any
matters mentioned in the first section of this act and
not hereinafter excepted, said court shall remand
said cause, suit, plaint, or indictment to the State
court from which the same had been removed, to
stand for trial as it this act had not been passed, with
costs duly and legally taxed as well in the State
court as in the circuit court, adjudged for plaintiff
in the said cause against the defendant making the
suggestion of cause of removal. But if it shall ap-
pear, "upon the hearing of the parties, or by confes-
sion, or by non-prosequitur, or otherwise, that said
suggestion of cau^e ot removal is true in fact, and
that the cause ot action, or any part thereof, did arise
out of any act done, or omitted to be done, as men-
tioned in the first section of this act and not herein-
after excepted, then said circuit court shall forth-
with order judgmentto be entered insaid cause, suit,
plaint, or indictmcnt for defendant, with full costs,
duly and legally taxed as well in the State court as
in the circuit couit, and execution shall issue therefor
accordingly. And from an order of said circuit court
remanding said cause, suit, plaint, or indictment, or
entering judgment lor the defendant in such cas e, an
appeal shall He to the Supreme Court of the United
States by either party, which shall bring up the record
in such case to the Supreme Court, and have all other
rights and incidents as to time, form, and manner
of procedure as other cases of appeal from a circuit
court; and for this purpose the orders or decrees in
that behalf of the circuit court shall not be deemed
interlocutory but final. And the Supreme Court
shall, upon said appeal, consider and determine
the question whether said cause, suit, plaint, or
indictment arose out of or concerning any act done,
or omitted to be done, mentioned in the first section
of this act, and not hereinafter excepted, and shall
enter such order or judgment thereon as the circuit
court ought to have entered, it being the meaning
and intention of this net that no person or body cor-
porate, politic, or municipal, or their successors or
legal representatives, shall be sued, vexed, or un-
quieted in their bodies, goods, chattels, lands, or
tenements for any matter, cause, contempt, misde-
meanor, forfeiture, trespass, offense, or any other
thing done, or committed, or omitted to be done or
committed between said 11th day of April, in the
year 1861, and the 20th day of August, in the year 1866,
arising from, growing out of, belonging to, or in any
way appertaining to, the prosecution of the war
against the States lately in rebellion, or in the pros-
ecution of the war by them against the United
States, or by any person or persons engaged therein,
either directly or indirectly, but only for such causes,
matters, and offenses as may be mentioned as ex-
ceptions in this present act, and for none other. And
whenever any sait or proceeding, civil or criminal,
at law or in equity, shall involve an inquiry into any
of the offenses enumerated in the first section hereof,
this act shall be adjudged to be an act of amnesty
and oblivion for all such offenses, and such causes
shall proceed and judgment shall be rendered as if
no such offenses had been committed, except as
hereinafter excepted.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the follow-
ingclassesof persons, and the rights, titles, and causes
of action and matters hereinafter set forth, shall be
excepted from all provisions of this act, and none
other:
First. Whoever, having been educated at the Mili-
tary Academy at West Point, or the Naval School at
Annapolis, shall have engaged in the rebellion and
insurrection against the United States, or given aid
and comfort to the enemies thereof.
Second. Whoever, having been a member of either
House of Congress of the United States, shall have
engaged in rebellion against the same, or given aid
and comfort to the enemies thereof, and whoever was
a member of theso-called confederate congress.
Third. Whoevershall have held the office of head
of one of the Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment of the United States, or minister plenipoten-
tiaiy, or minister resident, or judge of any court
under the United States, and shall have engaged iu
rebellion or insurrection against the same, or given
aid and comfort to the enemies thereof; and whoever
shall havo held either of the like offices under the
so-called confederate States.
Fourth. Whoever as a member of a convention
shall have voted for or signed any ordinance of
secession of any State, or whoever shall have held
the office of Governor of such State while the same
was in rebellion.
Fifth. Whoever while in the service of the, so-called
confederate States, treated with cruelty, or other-
wise than according to the usages of war, any pris-
oner of war held by authority of the eo-calied eon-
federate States.
Sixth. Whoever, having charge and custody of the
public moneys of the United States, intrusted to
them between said dates, havo not duly accounted
for and paid over the same; and whoever shall have
embezzled or secreted public stores, public goods,
chattels, moneys, provisions, or military and naval
property of the United States.
Seventh. All deserters from the Army and Navy of
the United States, and all bounty-jumpers.
Eighth. All property and rights of property ac-
quired bv any levy, judgment, or extent made and
executed upon any lands or tenements, goods and
chattels, or other valuable thing whatever, and any
sale or forfeiture by confiscation or taxation, whereby
any rights or titles have become vested either m the
United States or in third persons.
Ninth. Every piece and parcel of land, however it
may be described or bounded, which now is or has
been used as a cemetery in which the bodies of the
soldiers of the United States are interred, which is
in the occupation of the United States for the pur-
pose of a cemetery, which parcels of land are hereby
declared the property ot the United States in fee by
capture in war, and forever dedicated to theuses and
purposes of cemetcrics for the soldiers of the United
States heretofore interred or hereafter to be interred
therein, and to be under the sole jurisdiction of the
United States for such purposes inalienable forever :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall affect
or impair the validity of any act of Congress remov-
ing the political disabilities of any person herein
excepted from the benefit of the provisions of this
act, and that all persons whose political disabilities
shall have heretofore been removed shall be enti-
tled to all the benefits conferred by this act.
Tenth. Every right of action and liability arising
upon any ordinance, law, or contract in aid of rebel-
lion, and every such right shall be deemed invalid.
Skc 4. And he it. further enacted, That this act of
amnesty and oblivion shall extend to ail acts and
omissions made, or done, or omitted to be done, by
any officer or soldier ov other agent of the United
States, in carrying out or putting in execution the
laws of the United States known as the reconstruc-
tion actN and the other acts for the government of
the rebellious States, however the same may be enti-
tled, as fully, and with the same benefit, and to the
same extent, as if said acts or omissions had been
done or omitted by such officers and soldiers during
the war of the rebellion.
Mr. COX. "Will the gentleman from Mao-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] allow me to move an
amendment to his bill, to strike out all after
the first section ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
at present admit such an amendment, because
the members of the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
especially, have amendments which should first
be offered.
Mr. COX. Will the bill then be open to far-
ther amendment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will.
Mr. COX. That will be sufficient for me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, then ad-
dressed the House. [His remarks will appear
in the Apppiulix.]
Mr. BECK. I propose as a substitute for
the bill which has been reported by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
from the Committee on Reconstruction, that
which I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
(Two thirds of each House concurring,) That all
persons, other than tbose hereinafter excepted, now
disqualified to hold office by the third section of the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, are hereby relieved from
such disqualification, and the same is hereby re-
moved, from and after the passage of this act, except
from the following classes of persons, namely:
First. Whoever, havingbeeneducated attheMili-
tary Academy at West Point, or the Naval School at
Annapolis, shall have engaged in the rebellion and
insurrection against the United States, or given aid
and comfort to the enemies thereof.
Second. Whoever, having been a member of either
House of Congress of the United States, shall havo
engaged inrebellion against the same,or given aid
and comfort to the enemies thereof.
Third. Whoever shall have held the office of head
of one of the Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment of the United States, or minister plenipoten-
tiary, or minister resident, or judge of any court
under the United States, and shall have engaged in
rebellion or insurrection against the same, or given
aid and comfort to the enemies thereof.
Mr. BECK. I offer this on behalf of a
minority of the members of the Committee on
Reconstruction. I had prepared an amend-
ment to this substitute; but I understand the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
has an amendment to offer, and I will not pre-
sent ifc now.
Mr. FARNSWOIITII. I move to amend
the substitute by striking out all after the word
u that," where it first occurs, and inserting in
lieu thereof the following :
All political disabilities imposed by tho third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments to
the Constitution of the United States are hereby
removed.
Mr. BECK. I believe I am now entitled to
the floor.
The SPEAKER. For the remainder of the
hour of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BECK. I do not so understand it. The
arrangement was that, after the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] was through with
his presentation of the subject I should take
the floor in my own right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will so regard it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] yield to me to offer an
amendment ?
Mr. BECK. I will do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. I send to the Clerk's desk
an amendment to the text of the original bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, <£c., (two thirds of each House con-
curring therein,) That all legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, by reason of par-
ticipation in the late rebellion, be, and they are
hereby, removed from all persons, except such per-
sons as were Senators and Representatives in Con-
gi ess in the year 18G0 or 1861, or were in either of said
years officers in the Army or Navy of the United
States, heads of any Departmentof the Government
of the United States, or judges of any of the couits
thereof, or foreign ministers of the United States;
and except also all persons who, in violation of said
amendment, have held office since the 1st day of
June, A. J). 1870.
The SPEAKER. How does the gentleman
desire that to affect the bill?
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to strike out all
but the enacting clause and to insert this in
its stead.
The SPEAKER. That is what the gentle-
man from Kentucky proposes.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; he proposes to
strike out the whole bill, while I propose to
amend the first section only of the bill.
The SPEAKER. That is in order. The
Chair understood the motion to be to strike oat
the whole bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; my motion is to
amend the text of the bill m its first section
by striking out all after the enacting clauseand
substituting what has been read.
The SPEAKER. That motion takes prece-
dence.
Mr. BECK. As I know the chairman of the
committee desires all amendments to come in,
I will yield in order that they may be now
offered.
