1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
in United States money that which was then
agreed to be paid them, perhaps in confederate
money, when ten dollars of it was not worth one
gold or greenback dollar. Take the case of Gen-
eral Pillow, which has been cited by the chair-
man of the committee, and how does hestand ?
He comes within the exceptions. The mln
who sold anything to him can go and sue him
and collect all that he agreed to pay them, and
collect it in lawful money of the United States
to-day. He, and all other men who are in the
excepted classes, are placed at the mercy of
every man who saw fit to deal with them during
the rebellion and who pretended to be loyal;
and as the law now stands they can defend
themselves by showing that the plaintiffs were
wrong-doers, and while they may be also cul-
pable, their maxim, "pipari delictois agood
defense. But if this bill passes they are barred
from using the defense they now have, as well
as from setting up similar claims themselves,
because they are stricken out of this bill. All
their rights, titles,"asid causes of action are by
the third section of this bill left as they now
stand under existing laws.
Tell me not that these persons are put in no
worse condition than they now are, that they
are left just as they were. The hands of the
men who were implicated with them are to be
set free; all their offenses are to be wiped out.
The plea that they were in pari delicto is void
so far as the defendant is concerned in the
excepted cases. When one of the men so
excepted sets up that defense Congress by this
bill steps in and says, "You cannot do that;
all the rights, titles, and causes of action herein
mentioned, while they are allowed to others,
are withheld from you." Surely it is a serious
and ingenious change in the status of a man,
when the hands of his adversary are untied
and he is left bound, and told to go into a con-
test in that condition. So long as the hands of
both are tied he may get along, as neither can
hurt the other; but it is sheer folly to say that
rights of the bound man are not interfered with,
that he is left just as he was, when his adver-
sary is turned loose upon him in his helpless
and defenseless condition.
Instead of a bill granting amnesty this is a
bill making odious discriminations which the
Constitution of the United States never con-
templated. You have no right thus to relieve
one man and not another, unless you can show
some constitutional provision authorizing such
an act. If I have to pay apart of what another
man is relieved from then I am worse off. If
you untie the hands of one wrong-doer, while
you keep my hands tied so that I cannot plead
anything against him, then lamworseoff; and
that is just the ease here.
So far from granting amnesty to any class
of men who are to-day under political disabil-
ities, this bill simply proposes to turn loose
upon them men who have no rights as against
them, because they were equally wrong-doers,
and deprive large classes of men of defenses
to which they are now by law entitled. The
bill is not, as all previous laws have been, con-
fined in its operations to men professing to
have acted by order of the President or of some
military commander. That class of men are
already protected, so far as they can be, by laws
now on the statute-books. But it applies to all
men who did anything pertaining to or bearing
upon or having any connection with the rebel-
lion. A private camp-follower of the Army,
who, not acting under the authority of the Pres-
ident or any military commander appointed by
him, entered any premises in the South and
took horses, mules, money, jewelry, furniture,
or anything else, which ho holds without any
pretense of right, and against whom the courts
of the United States, upon a fair hearing, have
rendered judgment and issued execution, is by
this bill allowed to kepp all his ill-gotten gains.
The judgment rendered by the court is to be set
aside, the execution quashed.
If this hill were confined, as former laws have
been, to men who have committed wrongs
while acting under the orders of the President,
or of a military commander under his author-
ity, there mightbe some excuse for attempting
further to protect that class of men. But
members will see that the bill is not limited
to them at all. It extends to everybody who
upon his own private account saw fit to com-
mit any outrage; not only that, but where the
courts of the United States, composed as they
are in nine cases out of ten, and as far as I
know in all cases, of Republican judges, have
adjudged that such persons have no right to
property acquired in this wrongful manner,
this bill provides that they shall retain such
property—all their offenses are forgiven. What
necessity can any member of this House see
for overthrowing all the judgments of the
courts of the United States on these questions?
Would they have rendered judgment against
these men if they had been acting in accord-
ance with law or in accordance with the orders
of the President or of any military commander? •
Certainly not, because under laws already
passed they are allowed to plead that fact as
a defense against all such suits.
Hence this bill only reaches the class of men
acting in their own wrong, without authority
and without right, as determined by your own
courts, composed of judges appointed byyour
own President. These men are to be allowed
to keep all they may have been able to seize.
You open, too, the flood-gates to endless liti-
gation on the part of men who cannot now
sue, because they are equally guilty with the
men whom they would sue. And these men
will claim payment of debts in money ten
times as valuable as that which was the sub-
ject-matter of the original contract. Men who
do not profess to have acted under the author-
ity of the President or his military command-
ers are to be allowed to retain all their ill-got-
ten gains, although the courts of the United
States on a fair hearing may have decreed res-
titution. That is the whole of this bill. It
has that significance and that extent ; no more
and no less. It attempts, also, to do what the
courts of the United States have said could not
be done under the Constitution, to remove from
the State courts any of these questions, to be
tried before the courts of the United States,
after judgments have been rendered upon
them, after trial by jury it may be, in the State
courts.
I have before me, and will call the attention
of the chairman of the select Committee on
Reconstruction, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] to it, as I have done
before in committee, a decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States—a unanimous decis-
ion, I believe—in the ease of The Justices vs.
Murray, 7 Wallace. Marshal Murray, under a
far better guarded law than it is now proposed
to enact, undertook, under the express provis-
ions of the act of 1862, to remove his case, after
judgment, from a circuit court of the State of
New York to the circuit court of the United
States in the southern district of New York.
i The court held that that law was unconstitu-
ii tional, and that Murray could not so remove his
]; case. I will read the section of the law of 1862
j which is embodied in the statement of facts in
.1 that case. If any one will compare it with this
i J bill he will see that the law of 1862 was infinitely
!i better guarded and infinitely less liable to ob-
j jection, under the constitutional restrictions
! and'limitations, than the bill which we are now
i! called upon to vote for.
! The fifth section of the act of March 3.1802,
: provides that—■
" If any suit or provocation, civil or criminal, has
> been or bhall be commenced in any State court
against any officer, civil or military," ^ "
" or i'or arrest or imprisonment made"
. " at any time during the present rebellion,by virtue
1 or under color of any authority by or under the
1 President of the United States" * *- * P *
j! "it shall" * "be competent for
1 either party, within six months after the rendition
' of a judgment in any such cause, by writ of error or
process, to remove the same to the circuit court of
il the United States for that district in which such
ji judgment shall have been rendered j and the said
circuit court shall thereupon proceed to try and
determine the facts and law in such action in the
same manner as if the same had been there origin-
ally instituted, the judgment in such case notwith-
standing."
When the Supremo Court came to review
that case—I do not care to take time to state
it all—they recited the old amendments to the
Constitution of the United States, the fifth and
seventh, and cited the case of Parsons vs. Bed-
ford et ah, where Mr. Justice Story delivered
the opinion of the court, and in which he said
that the seventh amendment must be regarded
as " a prohibition to the courts of the United
States to reexamine any facts tried by a jury
in any other manner." The court proceeds:
"The history of the amendment confirms this view.
He fStory] farther observed that 'the only mode,'
known to the common law to reexamine such facts
was the granting of a new trial by the court where
the issue was tried, or the award of a venire facias de
novo bythc appellate court for some error of law that
had intervened in the proceedings.' "
The case was argued by counsel upon the
ground that this provision applied only to cases
that had been tried in Federal courts, and did
not apply to cases tried in State courts; but
the court showed that it applied to all classes
of cases, citingHamilton, Madison, andothers,
and closed their opinion thus:
" Our conclusion is that so much of thefifth section
of the act of Congress, March 3,1863, entitled 'An act
relating to habeas corpus and regulating proceedings
in certain oases,' as provides tor the removal of a
judgment in_a State court, and in which the cause
was tried by jury, to the circuit court of the United
States, for a retrial on the facts and law, is not in
pursuance of the Constitution, and is void."
Now, what does this bill propose? That a
case may be removed from a State court upon
the mere suggestion of the defendant that the
act was done about the rebellion, or concern-
ing it, or pertaining to it—not by order of any
officer of the United States: not by order of
the President; and therein it is broader and
more reprehensible than the law of 1862 could
possibly be. This bill provides that—
Whenever it shall appear to said circuit court in
any cause, suit, plaint, or indictment so removed into
said court, after due hearing of the parties, that the
suggestion for the removal of the same is not in fact
true, that the cause of aclion did not arise out of or
concerning any matters mentioned in the first section
of this act and not hereinafter excepted, said court
shall remand said cause, suit, plaint, or indictment
to the State court from which the same bad been
removed, Ac.
And it goes on to provide that when it is
found, of course "after due hearing of the
parties," that it did grow out of the rebellion
in any way the suit shall be dismissed at the
costs of the plaintiff in the State courts.
When I made the objection yesterday in com-
mittee that this bill was unconstitutional, in
allowing these cases to be brought before State
courts and retried, the chairman answered,
" I do not propose to allow a retrial, and there-
fore we shall get around the constitutional
objection." But as I said then I say now,
you do provide that the circuit judge shall hear
the parties, and after all the facts are heard—■
true, the mode is not pointed out, but I care
not what the mode may be—after all the facts
are heard by the judge, he is to determine
whether or not it is a case arising out of or in
some way connected with the war of the rebel-
lion; and if it is, then he is to dismiss it,
making the party that sued below pay the costs;
and if he finds it is not such a case, then he is
to remand it to the court whence it came.
What is that but a retrial, the very thing which
in the case of Murray the Supreme Court said
could not be done, because it is in violation
of the constitutional provision which prohibits
facts once determined by a jury from being
retried in the Federal courts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Retried
by a jury.
Mr. BECK. The prohibition is as to the
retrial of facts once determined by a jury. But
this bill makes no discrimination; it provides
for all cases, whether they be tried by a jury
or in any other mode; for all cases in which
judgments have been rendered by State courts,
whether tried by a jury or not. It embraces,
