942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
the United States land commission and the
courts of the United States the Ortega claim,
which the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Washburn] now characterizes as a fraud, he
made a bargain by which he stipulated to
withdraw his claim, and did withdraw it in
favor of this very " fraudulent" claim. Now,
I do not believe that the Ortega claim, either
originally or at any time was a fraud ; I be-
lieve it was the better of the two claims.. But by
some means it failed of confirmation, though
the party holding this claim believed that the
Ortega claim was better than the Miranda
claim. But by the waiver of the holder of the
Miranda claim of his right to go into court or
continue there he is in the position which
he at present occupies. He staked all on a
" fraudulent" claim and lost, and now wants
his stakes back. Say that it was an improvi-
dent waiver, an error of judgment, or that
Ortega fooled him, and that he should now be
allowed to go into the courts and endeavor to
establish his claim, if you decide after judg-
ment to give him other lands, give them to him
in reasonable quantity, and not allow him to
go into any one portion of my State and locate
his claim all in one place, so as to exclude set-
tlement. Allow him to select one section only
in a single township. I beg the House to pro-
tect us from further encroachments of this
kind by adopting my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I have
not the slightest feeling about this bill one
way or the other, and would as soon the House
should kill this bill as to pass it, so far as I am
personally concerned. I have been led, as a
member of a committee of this House, to ex-
' amine this subject as a part of my duty, and I
believe this party is fairly entitled to this relief.
We do not restrict this man, in the selection
of this land, to the State of California. He
alleges that he has been deprived of what he
was entitled to under the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, and every committee that has exam-
ined the subject has made a favorable report
upon it..
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman deny
my statement, that this party made a waiver of
his claim?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This is
the first time I ever heard of it.
Mr. SARGENT. Well, that is the fact.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. There is
no evidence of that fact in the papers in the
case.
Mr. SARGENT. The evidence of that fact
has been repeatedly brought before Congress;
and if it has been smuggled out of the testi-
mony in this case, that does not change the
fact.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Well, I
fiave seen no evidence of the kind.
Mr. SARGENT. Then you report the bill
without reading the accompanying papers.
The Supreme Court of the United States in
this case said :
" It appears from the record that Valentine, who
purchased the claim of Marindaat sheriff's sale, had
filed his claim before the board of commissioners for
confirmation, and after ward withdrew hin petition."
The gentleman will find it in thebook in his
hand, page 2. Further on, page 10 of Valen-
tine's pamphlet, he tells of this bargain with
the Ortega claimant, of the withdrawal, and
why he did it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. The land which this grant
covets, and which is involved in this contro-
versy, is in my district; and I want to say a word
or two upon this question, because 1 believe
I am the author of this bill. I was not in the
Hall when this bill was read, and therefore I
do not know what are the exact provisions of
this hill as reported by the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims. But I do know that my
intention in presenting the bill to this House
was merely to quiet this matter.
I believe my colleague [Mr. Sargent] is
right in hisstatemeut that there wassome stip-
ulation between the parties. But I know,
in addition to that, that in passing upon the
validity or invalidity of the Ortega grant the
Supreme Courtdecided that the Miranda grant
was a valid grant. I do know that the best
lawyers ufion this floor, taking that decision,
have reported to this House time and again
that Mr. Valentine, the applicant now knock-
ing at the doors of Congress, is entitled to all
the lands covered by that grant. In addition to
that, I know that some .eight or ten thousand
people are now upon that grant. The Govern-
ment has sold the lands to those people. There
is one large town situated on the grant. The
people have paid their money to the Govern-
ment for their title, the public surveys being
extended over the land, and I know that unless
we make some such compromise as is contem-
plated by this bill the time will come when
those settlers will all be dispossessed.
Mr. SARGENT. By what means? They
have their title from the Government of the
United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir; but if the ori-
ginal grant was.a good one, and the applicant
is entitled to anything under the decision of
the Supreme Court affirming his title 
Mr. SARGENT. If my colleague will allow
me, I wish to suggest that there is no decision
of the Supreme Court confirming either the
Ortega or the Mirauda grant. If there is,
where is the necessity of legislation in aid of
the Miranda ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I have asserted, Mr.
Speaker, that the decision of the Supremo
Court of the United States declaring the
Ortega grant a fraud affirmatively decides that
the Miranda grant-is valid.
Mr. SARGENT. If my colleague will allow
me, I must say that that statement is the great-
est absurdity I ever heard on this floor or else-
where. The effect of the.decision of the Su-
preme Court was to declare that Ortega had
no title, and consequently that the title of
the land is in the Government of the United
States.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Supreme Court has
declared affirmatively that the title to this land
is not in the Government of the United States
but iu-the heirs of Miranda. I have not the
decision here; but I know thsjt the court de-
clares flatly and plainly that evidently the
title is not in the United States, but in one of
the parties claiming it; and they decide that
Ortega's claim is a fraud ; and therefore the
title must be in Miranda.
Mr. SARGENT. Before the Supreme
Court there could have been no opportunity to
sift the evidence upon which the Miranda claim
stood. But if there was such an opportunity,
and the court decided in favor of Miranda,
then these settlers could have been ousted.
In fact, the court made no such decision, as
my colleague will find on referring to the record.
The court refused to reverse the judgment, in
theirown language, because " this would imply
that we considered Miranda had the better
title." My colleague misunderstands the case.
But I stand here to protest, now and when-
ever I may have the opportunity, against giving
to the owners of Spanish grants who have
either bargained away their rights or neglected
their advantages when they had ample oppor-
tunities to appear in the courts further facil-
ities for litigating their cases. We want and
must have finality in such matters. But if
it is insisted that this bill shall pass, to give
the claimant equivalent land, he ought not to
be allowed to select the land all in one body,
but should take simply one section in each
township.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know what is
the exact phraseology of the bill. I believe
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Wash-
burn*] holds in his hand extracts from the
decision of the Supreme Court which I have
mentioned. But, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
that my entire object in offering this bill was
to quiet the title of the settlers on this laud.
I do not care what the committee may decide
should be given to Mr. Valentine and those
who with him are seeking this relief; I do
not care whether they decide to give them any-
thing. I have nothing to do with that. But
I want Congress to confirm the title of the
settlers on this land who have paid their money
to the Government with the understanding that
they were to secure a good title. It is the duty
of Congress to say that these settlers shalJ
never hereafter be disturbed in their posses-,
sion. This is all I ask shall be done by this
bill. As to these applicants, let Congress give
them whatever it may please. I do not care-
whether it gives them anything, nor what
restrictions may be imposed. I do not knovv
what may be the effect of my colleague's
amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I would like to make one
remark in reply to my colleague, [Mr. John-
son.] There is no settler here petitioning in
this matter. There is not the slightest danger
of disturbing the people on this grant if they
have proved up their claims and' obtained
patents from the United States. While saying
that, I will remark that I did not intend to
object strenuously to the passage of the bill
if my amendment was embodied in it; though
I would not vote for it in any event. If my
amendment be not embraced in it it will, if
passed, not only be bad as a precedent, but it
will work injustice in this particular case; and
I hold myself free to fight it at every stage.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know there are no set-
tlers demanding any such legislation; but I do
know that the distinguished gentleman from
Indiana, the chairman of the Committee oil
Private Land Claims, two years and a half
ago made a report to this House returning to
the heirs of Miranda every acre of this land,
and I believe the arguments embodied in his
report are irresistible when put to a lawyer.
Mr. ORTH. The report was made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Wood-
ward. ]
Mr. JOHNSON. That report was made
and submitted to the House by the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Woodward] who sits just behind me, and as
a legal document it stands equal to any decis-
ion ever rendered by the Supreme Court of
the United States; and but for ray vigilance,
Mr. Speaker, and earnest efforton this floor in
behalf of the settlers whom I now speak of,
every one of them, some eight or ten thousand,
would have been turned adrift, because these
legal gentlemen said that Miranda's heirs were
entitled, under the treaty between Mexico and
the United States and under the Constitution
of the United States, to every acre of this land.
Mr. SARGENT. That was coupled with
the condition that they should exercise their
rights through the legal tribunals. A stipula-
tion was made by them by which they waived
their rights in favor of the Ortega grant. It
is an afterthought that they can resume these
rights. They had a right to come in under
the treaty; but they themselves waived that
right, and they cannot set it up to-day. They
waived it in favor of what they deemed a bet-
ter title. If it had not been for that they would
not have done it at all.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am em-
barrassed, Mr. Speaker, in this case, when I
find these two gentlemen from California,
where this claim is situated, differing so widely
about it. if I know myself, I have no dispo-
sition to advocate any private land claim not
fair and right and just.
Mr. SAliGENT. What objection has the
gentleman to my amendment?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This
man is entitled to a remedy or he is not. If
he is entitled to a remedy, do we give him
more than an adequate remedy ? Do we give
him an adequate remedy? He alleges that
by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo a certain
