116
fM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
may actually haye, hold, and possess in its own
fight.
,Sec. L And be it further enacted, That the said cor-
poration shall be bound atall tides, and whenever
thereunto required, to forward the moneys, btinds,
coin, and other valuables, or other property belong-
ing to the Government of the United States, or any
bf the Departments thereof, upon the several lines
of transportation employed by the said corporation,
and shall always give to the property of said Gov-
erument,lhe preference over that of any individual
or corporate body iti eases when, from excessive
quantity, all cannot be forwarded at the same time.
Sjbc. 5. And be %t farther enacted, That the capital
stock of the said corporation shall consist of ten thou-
sand shares, of $100 each, with the right to increase
the.saraeto an amount not to exceed fifty thousand
shares, which shares shall be paid in full in lawful
money, or in property at its cash value owned by the
corporators, and necessary for the use of the com-
pany; and all increase of the capital stock of the
company bhall be paid in lawful money > or from the
profits ot"the company.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That Henry B,
Plant, William B. Dinsmore, and Samuel M. Shoe-
maker, or either two of them, shall,, within three
months from the time of the passage of this act, give
notice ot a meeting of the corporators, to be held in
the city of Washington, for the purpose of organizing
the company and electing its officers; which notice
shall be mailed to the address of each corporator at
least fifteen days before the time of said meeting and
within sixty days of the time of the organization of
the company. The president and secretary shall
make a certificate, which shall show the fact that the
company is duly organized, and the amount of its
capita), arid cause the same to be published at least
two daily papers published in the city
or v< ushington.
Sec. 7._ And be. it further enacted. That the officers
Oi the s ud corporation shall comprise a president,
vice president, .^eoretary, and board of directors, com-
nosed oi not less than three nor more than twelve
members, each of whom shall be astoekholdor in the
said corporation, and who shall be elected annually,
and shall hold until their successors are duly quali-
iml, not cxcceding six months after the expiration
oi the year lor which they were elected; and the said
corporation snail have full power and authority to
adoptbuch rules, by-laws, and regulations ior its own
government a? may not be inconsistent with the
Oonstitution and laws of the United States and the
laws applicable to common carriers, and the same
Irorn time to time to alter and amend.
fcKO. And be it further enacted, That Congress
hereby reserves the right to determine the rates
(ibove wluea lite company shall not charge for trans-
port:! turn, and for insurance, and to alter and aiuend
this act at pleasure.
1 nc VTOh PRESIDENT. Unless objected
to, tlit> bill is Before the Senate as iu "Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I think such a bill as this
should not be takiin up during the hour when
we are presenting our morning business. It
is a violation oi ilie rule. I do not know any-
thing about this bill, and I object to its con-
sideration.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas object*.
Mr. CAMLUON. I desire to say a word in
reply to the Senator from Kansas. I am very
sorry that he makes objection to this bill. It is
a very simple bill. It was examined lastwititer,
it has been before the Senate at various times,
and now it has been so framed as to meet the
approbation of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object from any
hostility to the bill. I do not know anything
about, the bill. I observed, however, from the
reading ot it, that it provides that the company
shall not be I axed anywhere but in Washington,
and I thought it ought to be looked into. I do
uot^know anything about it.
Mr. CAMERON. It has been examined very
closely by the Committee on Commerce, and
reported by them.
Mr. 1 0 \1LR01. We have made a rule
expressly providing that the morning business
snail first be disposed of during the morning
hour. a
Mr. CAMERON. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the morning business, and I am will-
ing that the bill shall he over for the present
till the morning business is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill ■
placed on the Calendar.
TEURITOKIAL PENITENTIARIES.
Mr. NiE. I had the honor the other day to
report a biil and ask for its passage; but the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] then
made some objection to it, and it was laid over.
: will be
It-is a bill which was introduced at the request
of the Secretary of the Interior, relative to ter-
ritorial penitentiaries. There is a slight amend-
ment to bo proposed which will make it unob-
jectionable. I move now to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 1100) in relation
to territorial penitentiaries was resumed as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the bill ought to be
amended in one particular, so as to limit the
compensation of marshals, so that it shall not
be increased above the existing maximum.
Such an amendhient might come in as a pro-
viso at the end of the first section, or as art
additional section, to this effect, that nothing
iu this act shall be'so construed as to increase
the maximum compensation of said marshals
as now provided by law.
Mr. NYE. I have no objection to that.
The amendment waa agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to bfe engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
SOPEItN01IEGARY ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report a bill (S.
No. 1130) to amend an act making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30,1871, and for other purposes.
It is a very simple bill; and I ask unanimous
consent to put it upon its passage now. It
merely changes a date. If there is any objec-
tion to it I will not press it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator says that it
merely changes a date; and if that is so, I will
not object.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read
twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to amend the twelfth sec-
tion ot the act making appropriations for the
suppoU ol the Army for the year ending June
30, 1871, and for other purposes, by substi-
tuting in place of the words '• 1st day of Jan-
uary next," wherever they occur in that sec-
tion, the words 11 1st day of July, 1871."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BIttS INTRODUCED. '
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1131) to provide for the sale of certain
lots and lands in South Carolina belonging to
the United States, and for other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SAWYER. The circumstances under
which those lands at present lie have some-
what changed since the last session. This is
a modification of a bill which was introduced
by me heretofore, and put in the fonu of a new
bill. So far as tile public lands ate concerned
the principle of the bill has been indorsed by
the Committee on Public Lands, and reported
upon favorably. There are some points in
this bill, as there were in the other, which
perhaps require some opinion from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; and therefore, as the
other question has been decided in the ease
of the bill now oil the Calendar, I move the '
reference of this bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1132) to incorporate the National Mining and
Manufacturing Company of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict ot Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1133) to regulate international correspond-
ence by telegraphic lines between the United
States and foreign countries; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave tc) introduce a
bill (S. No. 113-1) relating to internal taxes ;
which was^ read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printfed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1135) to amend an act entitled "An act in
addition to an act entitled 'An act to amend
the judicial system of the United States;'"
which was_ read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. REVELS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1136) to aid in the repairs and construction of
levees in the State of Mississippi; which was
read twice by its'title.
Mr. REVELS. I give nbtice that I shall
ask leave at an early day to call this bill up and
briefly address the Senate upon it. I move that
it lie on the table for the present, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 264) amendatory of the
twelfth section of an act entitled "An act mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,1871,
and for other purposes, "approved July 14,1870,
and to extend the time for the disposal of the
lands ceded under the first and second articles
of the treaty of 29th September, 1805, with the
Great and Little Osage Indians ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 205) for the relief of Chief
Engineer James W. King, United States Navy;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 266) amendatory of the twelfth sec-
tion of an act entitled uAn act making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tnbes'for the year ending June 30, 1870, and
for other purposes," approved July 14, 1870,
and to extend the time for the disposal of the
lands ceded under the first and second articles
of the treaty of 29tb September, 1805, with the
Great arid Little Osage Indians; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
REFERENCE OE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it.was
Ordered, That go much of the President's annual
message as relates to foreign relations he referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
TRANSPORTATION TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to up take the
resolution submitted by me yesterday
The V ICE PRESIDENT. Theresolutiomvill
be read.
_ The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, submitted yesterday by Mr. Stewart:
fiesohed, That the President bereciuested to fur-
iHsaitne Senate With the entire cost of transporta-
tion of mails and freights ot every description totho
Jr1 ti ; ° t0 ;li' intermediate points west
of the Missouri river, from the annexation of Cali-
fornia to July 1, 18rt4; and also the expenses of the
War Department and Indian Bureau during the
\ru™Pe"? ,ntgunar&n8 Lheoverland roate from the
ifn^e inr-lnrli ^ of the Indian service on the same
^"penditares! " fr6ightS and M olher
^ Mr. SH&PuMAN. I do think that resolution
is one which the Senate ought not to pass.
