1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <JLOBi|.
117
The information is of a general character with
regard to the cost of conducting the Indian
service and transporting goods over the plains
for a period of some twenty years, which is a
matter of general history ; and a literal com-
pliance with that resolution will cost months
and years of labor. It will require the detail
of a large clerical force, and in that respect it
is similar in character to many resolutions that
are sometimes passed heedlessly. The inform-
ation when it comes here will throw no light on
any subject of legislation. I presume the only
object of the resolution is to show that the
Pacific railroad has largely diminished the cost
of transporting goods over the plains and has
largely diminished the cost of our Indian ser-
vice. That is a matter of public notoriety ; no
documents are necessary to show it; no proof
is necessary to sustain the statement.
It seems to me that unless there is some spe-
cific object in getting this historical informa-
tion, extending over a period of tvventv years,
we ought not to require the Executive Depart-
ments. now when they are overloaded with our
proper and necessary calls, to undergo this
additional labor, costing a great deal of time
' and considerable money. I certainly do notob-
ject to this information being obtained, though
it is a matter rather of general and palpable
notoriety, and not a matter of exhibits and fig-
ures. I shall vote against the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
not yet before the Senate. The Senator from
Nevada has moved to proceed to its consider-
ation, which does not involve (he merits of it.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the resolution will
pass in some form. It may be too sweeping
in its provisions as it now stands, but most
certainly it is very proper that we should have
the substance of the information called for by
it. Surely that information is worth collect-
ing. It is well known ihat for years there was
great extravagance in the prices paid for freights
and the transportation of the mails over the
plains. That abuse extended through a great
number of years. Charges are now constantly
made as to the extravagance of Congress in the
last few years in its grants for improvements
in the West. L want to show that in con-
sequence of our policy we not only have the
improvements, but that there has been a vast
saving of money in addition. We have not
only secured the Pacific railroad and other
improvements, but we have saved money by
them. There is a great deal said against inter-
nal improvements west of the Mississippi and
between that river and the Pacific const. There
are a great many piojects that are talked of and
discussed, and extiavagance is chaiged upon
Congress in what has already been done by
means of the various laud grants and by the
aid granted for the Pacific railroad. I wish to
show bv facts and figures that these improve-
ments have not only benefited the country, so
that we have something to show for what, we
have done, but that they have diminished very
rapidly the annual expenses of the Government
m mail transportation and freights.
I think it would be well for the country to
know what expenditures have been incurred.
They do not begin to comprehend the vast
waste of money which occurred for nearly
twenty years under all Administrations. They
do not begin to understand the economy of the
policy that has been pursued for the last five
or six years. I propose to collect the facts.
If I had the means of doing the labor myself,
and had access to ail the proper sources of
information, I would not ask any Department
to furnish it. It seems to me, however, that
the Departments can icadily collect the aggie-
l^ateamoutit oftheseexpenditures. Theinform-
ation on the subject is on the books of the
various Departments ui detail. I think it is
worth our while to have it, so that we can have
the comparison and see whether the prestnifc
policy ha^ really diminished the burdens of the
(Jovernment as well as tended to develop the
resources of the country.
But, Mr. President, I will not occupy the
time of the Senate this morning if objection is,
made to the resolution, because the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] wishes to address
the Senate, and I do pot want to interfere with
him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Neyada withdraws his motion.
SPECIFICATIONS AND BRA WINGS.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
offered by me some days ago.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Missouri allow a joint resolution to be passed
that should have been passed at the last ses-
sion, if it creates no debate, as I suppose will
be the case, relating to the printing of the
Patent Office report ?
Mr. SCPIURZ. I yield to the Senator.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 188) providing for publish-
ing specifications and drawings of the Patent
Office.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. HARLAN. I would inquire whether
one hundred copies will be enough of this
work to answer the end the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island has in view?
Mr. POMEROY. I think there should be
some explanation of this joint resolution ; I do
not know whether it is right or not, but^ there
seems to be hardly time to explain it this
morning.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will not take the time
from the Senator from Missouri, who kindly
yielded the floor to me, but I will let the reso-
lution lie over till to-morrow.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to the
joint resolution. I think it is a good one and
ihat it ought to pass; but I think that perhaps
the number of copies provided for should he
increased.
Air. ANTHONY. 1 will ask permission to
take up the joint resolution to-moriovv. I think
it ought to be disposed of promptly ; hut I
should like an opportunity to make some fur-
ther explanation than, perhaps, would be just
to the Senator from Missouri at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The further con-
sideration of the joint resolution will be post-
poned until to-morrow.
MEsSAGfi I1'ROM TIIK IIOUSH.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiihrsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2327) making appropriations foi revenue-cut-
ters, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
ORDER OF BUSINESS J. MH/i'ON BEST.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move to take up the res-
olution submitted by me the other day.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose the purpose of the
Senator from Missouri is to addiesstlie Senate
on the resolution when it is taken up?
Mr. SUIiURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator is aware that
there was a bill under discussion yesterday
which lias been partially discussed repeatedly
since I have been a member of the Senate, and
which I should like to have settled. If it would
suit the convenience of the Senator from Mis-
souri as well to take up his resolution to-mor-
row, I should be very glad to have that bill
settled to day.
Mi. SCH URZ. I will state, Mr. President,
that I should not have proposed to address the
Senate upon this subject at all to-day, because
I have been waiting for some documentary
in formation from Missouri; b.ut knowing that
my colleague desires to leave the Senate, and
there being an understanding between us that
he should be present when this matter was
discussed, I concluded that it was best to do
so to-day, as I understand that my colleague
is anxious to leave as soon as possible.
Mr. HOWE. I understand, then, if the,
Senator goes on, that the bill which will be the
pending older at one o'clock will be the regu-
lar order after he shall have concluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The, Chair was
about to submit to the Senate, if this motion,
be agreed to, the question whether the bill for
the relief of Mr. Best shall be regarded as the
unfinished business at the conclusion of this
d6b8it6
_ Mr. CONKLING. I do not think that is
right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York objects. The question is ou
the motion of the Senator from Missouri, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of his
resolution in regard to amnesty.
Mr. HOWE. I think the Senator from
New York will not insist upon that objection.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will hear
me for a moment I will state precisely what I
mean by the objection. Inadvertently, as I
think, the bill now referred to fell under the
five-minutes category, so that it has been dis-
cussed under the five-minutes rule except as
members of the body have been permitted by
general consent to exceed that rule. I think
it is a very important measure, deserving de-,
bate and deliberation perhaps as much as any
measure wo arc likely to discuss. If it loses
its place now it can be resumed at the pleasure
of the Senator, and resumed to be discussed
under the general rules of the Senate and not
under this particular rule. I seek to accom-
plish nothing but that. I know of several Sen-
ators (of whom I am not one, by the bye) who
wish to discuss the bill to which the Senator
refers, and to be permitted to do it unham-
pered by an understanding that they must limit
their remarks to five minutes.
Mr. HOWE. Now, let me say to my friend
from New York that the purpose which he
professes to act out is already accomplished,
because the five-minutes rule- has not been
enforced upon a single speaker who has de-
bated the pending bill, and I understand from
the Senator who occupied the chair during the
greater partof that debate yesteiday afternoon
that it was relinquished by general consent, so
far as this lull was concerned, so that no one
need be embarrassed by the five-minutes rule
who participates in this debate. And it does
not look to me exactly right to take advantage
of the position in which the Senate is at this
time to stave off the consideration of the pend-
ing bill. I cannot insist upon the Senate's going
on with it now against the notice which has
been given by the Senator from Missouri; and
if the pending bill looses its place on the Cal-
endar it is only to be brought before the Sen-
ate again upon a struggle which I do not wish
to make. I think it ought to bo allowed to
retain its place. I hope the Senatpr from New
York will withdraw his objection.
Mr. CONKLING. lias I he Senator any
objection to allowing the bill to which ho has
referred to stand until after the recess? Does
he want it disposed of before the holidays?
Mr. HOWE. I should be extieuiely glad to
see it disposed of before the holidays, or before
I see the night, if possible ; but I know that is
not possible. Senators who wish to debate it
are prepared to debate it; it has been on the
Calendar since the last session: and I would
like to get something settled by the Senate. I will
say to the Senator, further, that it would be a
positive relief to the Committee on Ciaims to be
able to know as soon as possible what the dis-
position of the Senate is. We have debated a
great many general bills here involving many
different principles. The Committee on Chriais
is disposed to be governed by the decisions of
the Senate, just as fast as it can learn what
those decisions are. We feel that we have a
right to complain of the Senate, because while
they would not pass bilk which came from die
committee they would not refuse to pass thei.i,
