%u
TO-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
'moil.would ever find him enlisted in the cause of
humanity and ready at all times to sacrifice every
personal consideration for the welfare of the country
of his adaption."
And in the New York Times of the same date
my colleague would have found my intention
to betray the Republican party expressed in
the following words:
"Senator Schckz replied thathe felt it; an honor to
bo identified with the Republican party. With that
party his sympathies had ever been, and it would be
his proudest boast that he had always endeavored to
popularize the principles of that party."
How sad that my colleague had no access to
thosejournals ! But had he suspected that he
was carrying a mere reportariai fancy in his
pocket, and that for twenty long, agonizing
months, what would his feelings have been ? I
know it. He would have come to me with tears
of joy in his eyes ; he would have pressed my
hand with fra,tern&l feryor. He would have
said, "My friend,my brother, I always felt that
this must be a mistake. It struck me at once
that you could not have been so foolish as to
confide to a party of sere^aders your secret
intention to commit treason against the Repub-
lican cause and to join the Democrats. 1 am
altogether too smart to be caught by such non-
sense, as you are too honest to have any such
designs. Come, let us embrace."
In fact, sir, when 1 read my colleague's
speech in the papers I enjoyed it so much that
I refrained from correcting the misrepresenta-
tion in the same public manner; for it would
have been a pity to disturb the intense and
grave satisfaction with which my colleague was
peddling that preposterous story from town to
town, to have it laughed at by his hearers just
51s heartily as by myself.
And from evidence of this character, rival-
ing the immortal Buzfuz with his " chops and
tomato-sauce," jny colleagueflrew a mostinge-
niousconclusion, which,with the same intensity
of satisfaction, he conveyed to the people of
Missouri, as follows:
"I believe that (General Sohuhz has nurtured the
more daring thought of marc lung tire on tire German
mass ofthe Itepuolican Gennans'ot the United States
over to the Democracy, to secure the election of a
Democratic President in 1S72. over whose adminis-
tration he may exert an influence as supreme as
his aid in its election was efficient. It is the old idea
of *a power behind the thiono greater than tho
throne itself.'"
"Is my belicl on this point unreasonable? If
Gcqeral SoiiURZ does not mean this, what meant
his dark hint iu February, 18G9, just before taking
his seat in tho Senate, when, m answer to New York
Germans, who had presented him an address, he
spoke of now ties to be formed by him in the future,
and of his arriving at different conclusions from
those held by the persons who had then addressed
him
Sir, this case is becoming more and more
giavu all the time. The future ofthe Republic
seems to be trembling in the balance. But as
my colleague lias evidently given his whole
mind to this subject, and has formed his con-
clusions, no doubt with great reluctance, it will
not do to treat the matter lightly.
Seriously speaking, sir, if I should discuss
the moral aspect of my colleague's perform-
ance, I do not know whether it would be easy
to remain within the bounds of parliamentary
language. But being charitably disposed, I
look at it as a thing of pathological interest,
as a somewhat morbid hallucination, such as
is frequently produced by (he tortures of dis-
appointed affection, and which, in its wild
flights, loses all perception of reality and all
appreciation of probabilities. I forgive him,
sir ; 1 forgive him, especially as I must do him
the justice lo'say that his distemper did not
altogether overcome the natural kindness of
his heart, for I will not ascribe it to prudent
discretion that he carefully avoided making
any ot' those assertions m my presence. At
the commencement of the campaign I invited
my colleague to a public discussion; he declined
for reasons undoubtedly satisfactory to himself,
and then went straightway to a place where he
knew I would not be to set afloat these stories.
And when afterward 1 met him at some place
in the interior of the State he carefully left out
of his speech all that related to my contem-
plated treason; and then at the next place
where I was not, he repeated the same stories
again. His extreme reticence may be most
satisfactorily explained on the theory that he
thought such charges pronounced in my face
might be too harrowing to my feelings.
But it was not against me alone*; it was
against the Germans generally that my col-
league directed his batteries. After having
represented them as a class of voting cattle who
can be used by unscrupulous politicians for any
purpose, and transferred from one party to
another at pleasure, he gives us his idea ofthe
motives which govern the German-born citizens
of this country on political matters. In his
speech at Hannibal be appealed to the natiye
prejudice, referring to the tariff question in the
following language:
" .For my part all my sympathies arc with the in-
dustries of my own land, and not with any other
country of Europe or on the face of the globe. But
General Schurz is a German; perhaps he might not
be expected" to have quite as warm sympathies for
the industries of America as Tor the industries of his
Fatherland."
As a piece of demagogism my colleague
would consider it in anybody else of rather a
low order, us low, I think, as a small politician
may be capable of; and I use this strong term
because not I alone am assailed, but because
the patriotism of a very numerous, and I may
3ay a very valuable class of our population, is
categorically called in question. In explain-
ing it I shall have to return to my pathological
hypothesis. To accuse me, because I was born
a German, of a propensity to sacrifice the in-
terests of this to the interests of a foreign coun-
try, and thus to stigmatize German nativity as
the source of unpatriotic feeling, and this in
the face of that spirit of self-sacrificing devo-
tion which but yesterday led far more than a
hundred thousand German-born citizens upon
all the battle-fields of the Republic, where their
blood was as freely shed as that of any class
of American citizens, and to do this in the
position of a United States Senator and a pro-
fessed spokesman of the Administration, is a
thing so utterly repugnant to the commonest
common sense, so frantically preposterous, so
ridiculously unjust, that the explanation on
the pathological theory is the last refuge of the
psychologist.
_ In the name of the Germans, sir, I forgive
him again.
But while the charges and insinuations thrown
out by my colleague bad no effect upon the
people of Missouri, exceptthe contrary of that
which tliey were intended for, I am sorry to
say they seem to have had a strong effect upon
the mind of the President. For, as the cir-
cumstances of the case have convinced me, it
was at my colleague's instance that the Pres-
ident wrote a letter to the collector of internal
revenue at St. Louis, in which the following
language occurred:
" I regard the movement headed by Carl Schukz,
Gratz Brown, tfce., as simila.r to the Tennessee and
Virginia movement, intended to carry a portion of
tho .Republican party over to the Democracy, and
thus give them control. I hope you will all seeyour
way clear to give the regular ticket your support."
And it was also at the instance of my col-
league that the President subsequently sus-
pended a number of Federal ofiice-holders in
Missouri for the reason that they preferred
one Republican candidate for Governor to
another.
While the interference of the Administra-
tion in State elections by means of the patronage
has long been considered a matter of most
questionable propriety and bad policy under
any circumstances, I am inclined to think that
in this case he who persuaded the President to
interfere proved a most dangerous adviser. I
have already exposed some of those absurd
stones which my colleague, before-retailing
them in Missouri, poured into the President's
ear for the purpose of eliciting from him that
denunciatory letter and a sort of commission
to punish refractory office-holders in Missouri.
To these he added the further assertion that
the Gratz Brown movement was distinctly
designed to be a war upon the Administration.
That the President should have lent his ear to
such insinuations I sincerely deplove; I should
not deplore it were I really an enemy of the
Administration.
My position with regard to the Administra-
tion is easily stated, and that statement will be
a complete refutation of the charge of factious
opposition. When General Grant was elected
to the Presidency his mission appeared to me
so exalted and enviable as to excite and satisfy
the noblest ambition. I described thatmission,
as it stood before my mind, in the first speech I
delivered in the campaign in 1868, and I desire
to quote £), few passages of it, not as though the
ideas put forth might not be clothed in more
fitting language, but in order to show that
I'base only adhered to the line of thought
expressed befoye General Grant's election. In
July, 1868, I said:
"The nomination of General Grant for the Presi-
dency was not the work ofthe politicians; it was the
work of the people. The popular instinct pointed
to him as the available man in the best sense of the
term'; that is to say, not only because his renown as
a soldier would command for him the largest num-
ber of votes, but because General Grant was looked
upon as the fittest man to do j ust the things which
at present are to be done. To execute the laws and
to secure the results of the congressional policy of
reconstruction is a task which might have been per-
formed with judgment and vigor by any Republican
President. But another thing is to be done. The
great objects of the Republican policy arc to be
reached in a manner calculated to overcome the
difficulties produced by passion and animosity, to
bring forth willing submission on the part of our
opponents and to restore the long lost cordiality of
feeling.
"The waves of passion are still running high, and
nothing is more necessary than that the country
should be brought back to an even balance of mind.
The questions before us require calm thought and a
considerate exchange of ideas. It is in vain to hope
for this as long as Andrew Johnson is President. It
would certainly be vain to hope for it if the Demo-
cratic party with all its impatient greed and pent-up
vindictiveness should come into power. But the
elevation of just such a man as Grant will be cal-
culated to calm the waves of excitement, and to
give to our deliberations the necessary degree of
equanimity.
"Immediately after tho close of the war the late
rebels of the South were disposed to submit quietly
to whatever conditions of restoration the national
Government might have imposed upon them. Had
that opportunity been judiciously improved the
country would have been at rest long ago. By An-
drew Johnson's vicious intrigues it was lost. With
General Grant's elevation to power it will return,
lie knows the southern people and they know him.
They have been in close and lively contact, and
understand one another. He has given them evi-
dence of his unbending determination in a conflict,
and of his generosity after a victory. They know
that when he demanded an unconditional surrender-
ee meant it to be unconditional: they know a!so
that ho' treated the vanquished with magnanimous
forbearance, lie has. proved to them that ho is
well capable of achieving and followingup asueeess,
but not capable of' abusing it. The people of the
South will therefore have no reason to fear that he
will act with the vindictive spirit of an exasperated
partisan, and no reason to hope that iniquity and
factious opposition will meet from him with weak
indulgence. They will be convinced that they will
ha*e to submit, and' they will readily submit, to a
policy which lias been conceived with moderation
and'wili be adhered to with firmness. As Andrew
Johnson has stirred up the most vicious elements
of southern society to new activity, so Grant's elec-
tion will give new encouragement and moral power
to those men who in a spirit of peace and justice
strive to confirm the new order of things.
"Thus the new Republican administration will
move quietly and steadily forward on a line clearly
traced in a fixed direction: the most unrulv elements
of southern society will see the uselessness of kick-
ing against irreversible results; (be fires of party pas-
sion will burn out for want of fuel; the different
branchesof thenational Government will cooperate
in harmonious action, and with a President whoso
mind is untouched by the acrimony and bitterness
ot long party feuds we may onee more hope for what
the .Republic stands so greatly in need of, an era of
good feeling.
"Then, at last, -when the country is no longer dis-
tracted by a fierce conflict between Congress and the
President; when the great results of the war are
placed beyond the reach of a leaction; when peace
is assured by the fact thaf. every class oi society hus
its rights secured, and when we have a President
whose ambition it is to follow the enlightened judg-
ment 01 the people, then at last the people may aafeJy
devote their undivided attention to the important
ana pressing question? ot social improvement and
material prosperity. ^ Then wesha.ll bo able to discus
the best means for disobeying ournatiomd debtand
the currency problem without born? inlorrupted by
