950
TH! CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
They are submitted to him for his inspection
and approval before they are finally passed or
paid. He has very important duties to dis-
charge. I havfe not the data at hand to tell
the committee minutely what they are. But
it is certain that if such an officer is neces-
sary at any other yard there ought also to be
a chief accountant at the Norfolk yard.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman maybe right.
I only wanted to correct him in regard to the
proceedings last year connected with striking
out these appropriations from the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move
to strike out the last word, for the purpose of
saying that we have given in this bill all that
the Secretary of the Navy has asked. If the
Secretary had thought it necessary to have a
chief accountant at Norfolk, and had asked an
appropriation for such an officer, we would
have put it in the bill.
Mr. PLATT. I will explain that omission
if the gentleman will permit me.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I will
yield in a moment. I will State the list of
civilians who are employed in this bureau at
the navy-yard at Norfolk. There is a draughts-
man and clerk to civil engineer, a receiver and
inspector of stores, a clerk of pay-rolls and
mustering clerk, a gate-keeper and detective,
and a messenger for commandant's office, in-
volving an ■'appropriation of $7,400 for civil
officers at the Norfolk navy-yard. The Sec-
retary of the Navy does not want this ; nobody
wants it but the'member representing that
district, who no doubt has some very clever
fellow for whom he wishes to provide.
Mr. PLATT. The gentleman says that
$7,400 is appropriated for this bureau at the
navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia. There is appro-
priated for the same bureau at the Washington
navy yard ©11,400. The Committee on Ap-
propriations have reported that amount. Now,
will the gentleman tell me and tell the com-
mittee why the committee have-provided for
all these officers at the smaller yard, where less
work is done and a less number of men are
employed, and refused it to our yard in Vir-
ginia?
I can explain the omission in the estimates
to which he has called attention. The Secre-
tary of the Navy did not ask for an appropria-
tion for this officer because the head of the
bureau who made the estimates took the appro-
priations made by Congress last year, suppos-
ing that Congress _would appropriate no more
this year than they did last year. All I ask is
that the House shall provide for this officer at
the Norfolk navy-yard as the Committee on
Appropiiations have provided for a similar
officer atall the other navy-yards. Hadlknown
lhat this bill would come np to-day I would
have brought a statement from the Department
explaining how the omission occurred in the
estimates. I hope the committee will allow
us this officer. He is necessary at the navy-
yard, and it is a matter of justice to us that
the appropriations should be made.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. ARCHER. I renew it. I must con-
fess, Mr. Chairman, that I was "utterly sur-
prised when I saw that the Committee on
Appropriations had included in this naval
appropriation bill provision for the large num-
ber of civil officers that are named therein.
Now, sir, I recollect distinctly that when the
naval appropriation bill was under considera-
tion last year this House struck out the chief
accountants "for all the navy-yards in this
country ; and I say now to the gentleman from
Wisconsin that there is not a law in existence
which authorizes any such officer as a chief
accountant. I had occasion to examine very
fully the workings of the navy-yards with
regard to the civil employes, and at my sugges-
tion. and on my motion and the motion of the
fentlcman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] we re-
uced the appropriation, by striking out super-
numerary officers, to the amount of $42,000 a
year; but when the bill went to the Senate, I
suppose the matter not being fairly or fully
considered, the provision for those officers was
replaced in the bill.
Now, I say that the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Pt.att] is reason-
able if the chief accountants at the other yards
are to be retained. Why, Mr. Chairman, in
the navy-yard here at Washington, with but
four or five hundred men employed, we have
forty-three men overseeing them. There is no
earthly necessity for this chief accountant,
because the chief officer of each bureau reports
directly to the Navy Department, and if there
is any error it will be corrected there. The
office was instituted during the war under
necessities that then existed but which do not
exist now, and I should be very sorry to see
the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia adopted, because it is only carrying fur-
ther an extravagance which ought not tq exist
in this country.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I want
to say to the gentleman that the Committee
.on Appropriations have reduced the expense
for civil officers at all these navy-yards. At
Norfolk, where we appropriated $10,900 last
year, we propose to appropriate only $7,400
this year; and at Washington, where $12,700
was appropriated last year, we propose to
appropriate only $11,400 this year.
Mr. ARCHER. Have the committee struck
out any of these supernumerary officers?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. That
reduction conld not have been made unless
there had been some reduction in the number
of officers.
Mr. ARCHER. I have looked through the
bill, and I have not been able to see where the
committee have stricken out any officer. I
refrained from making the motion to amend
which I made last year, because althongh we
carried the^amendment then the Senate re-
stored the appropriation for these officers, and
I took it for granted that the Committee on
Appropriations would make the amendment
before the bill got through. I have spoken to
very many of the highest officers in the Navy
upon this subject, both at the navy-yards and
at the Navy Department, and every one of
them has told me that a chief accountant is a
useless officer. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. PLATT. I renew it, for the purpose of
calling the attention of the committee to this
fact: it is very seldom that any Representative
from the State that I represent asks the House
for anything in the shape of an appropriation
for that State. It is very seldom that we have
done it in the past five or six years. And
it does seem very hard to us that whenever
we do ask that simple justice may be done us,
that we may have for our State simply what is
given without any question at all for every other
State in the Union, we are met with this oppo-
sition.
Mr. ARCHER. I say to the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Plait] that if it was a necessity
for the other yards I would not oppose his
amendment.
Mr. PLATT. The gentleman who has this
bill iu charge, the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Washburn,] said a short time ago, or at
least intimated, that he was going to avenge
upon this bill the votes which were given yes-
terday against a bill that he had very much at
heart. 1 admit that I voted against that bill
yesterday, but I hope he will not make that
a reason for opposing what I ask for here to-
day, when, as a Representative from the State
of Virginia, I ask only for that which is given
without question or opposition by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to every other navy-
yard in this country. I hope my amendment
will be adopted. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I ask for
a vote on the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Let the amendment be read.
The Clerk read as fallows:
Inline eighty-two,afterthe word "dollars," insert
the words "for chief accountant, §1,800."
Mr. DAWES. Where?
Mr." PLATT. The navy-yard at Norfolk,
Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. What are you going to do
with him?
Mr. PLATT. What will you do with him
at Portsmouth, New Hampshire?
Mr. DAWES. There is no need of him
at all. *
' Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. Not the
slightest.
jSr. PLATT. There is as much need of him
at Norfolk as at Washington, or any other of
the navy-yards.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment; and upon a division there were—ayes 1
24, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. PLATT. I call for tellers. I want to
see what gentlemen here are opposed to doing
justice to Virginia.
Tellers were ordered -, and Mr. Washbxjbn,
of Wisconsin, and Mr. Plait were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were ayes fifty-nine.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin,,said: I
will not insist upon any further count. Let
the amendment go in, although there is not
the slightest need of it.
So the amendment was agreed to.
' The Clerk read as follows:
At the navy-yard, Mare Island. California: for
assistant to civil engineer and draughtsman, $1,800;
for clerk to civil engineer, SI,500; for receiver and
inspector of stores. $1,875; for clerk of pay-rolls and
mustering clerk, $1,875; for chief accountant, $1,875;
for gate-keeper and detective, $1.000; and for mes-
senger for commandant's office, $750; in all. $10,675.
Mr. MAYNARD. I find in the paragraph
just read this : "'and for messenger for com-
mandant's office, $750-" The messengers for
other navy-yards are allowed only $600; I
move to strike out *' $750" and insert " $600."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. This is
in California, where salaries have always been
a little higher than upon the Atlantic coast.
That is the reason why this small difference is
made here.
Mr. MAYNARD. If that is satisfactory to
the committee I will not press my amendment.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the Naval Asylum: for secretary to the gov-
ernor, $1,200; for steward, $480; for matron, $300;
for cook, $168: assistant cook, $120; four laundresses,
at $108 each; eight scrubbers and house-cleaners, at
$96 each: six laborers, at$240 each; and seven labor-
ers, at $264 each; master-at-arms, $480; for ship's
corporal, $300; for barber, $360; superintendent,
$540; in all, $6,852.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strikeout of the
paragraph just read the words "for secretary
to the governor, $1,200." And I wish to ask
the gentleman who has charge of this bill what
are the duties of a secretary to the governor
of the Naval Asylum. That is a pretty high-
sounding title for the superintendent of a hos-
pital, a home or retreat for disabled seamen.
I suppose there are fi hundred young officers
in the Navy who could well be spared for this
duty of secretary if needed. It is a clerical
duty, to be sure, but no more clerical and
quite as honorable as many professional duties
performed by officers of the Navy. Take, for
instance, the grade of lieutenant commanders,
one hundred and seventy-one of them I think ;
there is no earthly use for all those men, so far
as professional duties on sea or on shore are
concerned. A detail might be made from the
lieutenant commanders, or from the lieuten-
ants, or masters, or ensigns to perform this
duty, and they would then be drawing their
naval pay while performing those duties, and
it would be in some small degree a reform in
the expenses of the Navy.
The office of governor of the Asylum is not
one of so much importance as would be indi-
cated by the title given to this officer. Any
one who has visited one of these asylums, and
