126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
efforts of my manhood. And I do not hesitate
to declare that to me that cause stands above
the party. When the party or any subdivision
of it becomes faithless to that cause, and I have
to choose between fidelity to it and fidelity to
the organization, then my allegiance belongs to
the cause still. And it was that allegiance
which directed every one of my steps. Show
me in our platform a single resolution that is
not a faithful reassertion of the best principles
we as Republicans have been fighting for;
show me a single point in which any of the
great results of the war i3 given up, in which a
single iota of the true Republican creed is com-
promised. You will search in vain. Point out
to me a single one of the candidates we nom-
inated who was not thoroughly identified with
the Republican cause. You can find none.
But you did break the Republican organ-
ization of Missouri in two, our accusers say.
So we did. When a portion of the Repub-
lican organization became faithless to a vital
point of the Republican platform, and when
the Republican cause was endangered by the
wire-pullers and spoilsmen of the party, it was
better to break the organization in two than to
permit the whole to be covered with common
disgrace and to be reduced to common impo-
tency. In this way we saved the moral power
of the Republican cause for the future.
"But you asked for Democratic votes," we
are told. So we did. I always did. During fif-
teen years of woik for the Republican cause I
scarcely ever made a speech but for the distinct
purpose of obtaining Democratic votes. In
my opinion it is the main object of political
agitation to convince your opponents that you
are right and that they had better go with you..
It has always been my ambition to obtain Dem-
ocratic votes for Republican ideas, and the
more I could obtain the better was I satisfied,
and, for aught I know, my party too.
But your policy pleased the Democrats,
our opponents say. I am glad it did. It is
no objection to our policy that it commended
itself to the sensible men of all parties. And
in this connection, sir, I may say that some-
thing was accomplished by our movement in
Missouri which, 1 think, was never accom-
plished before in any State. Not only was
there not the least attempt at a disturbance
anywhere in our State when the colored peo-
ple for the first time exercised the right of
suffrage, and while they were generally sup-
posed to vote against the State ticket, supported
by the Democrats, but an overwhelming major-
ity of the democrats themselves voted for an
amendment to the State constitution giving
colored men the right to hold ofliee. This
alone, sir, is so great a triumph of Republican
principles, and in its peculiar greatness it
stands so conspicuously alone in the history of
®ur days, that in the face of it all the charges
brought against our movement as hostile to
Republicanism vanish into utter nothingness.
Let our detractors show us anywhere a success
like this, and then let them throw a stone at
us. Yes, sir, a movement which accomplished
the practical recognition of the principle of
equal rights even to this extent, and by our
opponents themselves, has so gloriously vin-
dicated its Republican tendency by tangible
results that no Republican who has his cause
more at heart than mere party drill can fail
to hail it as a most triumphant consummation.
But, lam asked, How are those whom you
have now enfranchised going to vote? Will
they not vote the Democratic ticket? And
here, 1 suppose, is the rub. Candidly speak-
ing, sir, I expect that a great many of those
who were disfranchised on account of their con-
nection with the rebellion will abhor a reopen-
ing of the questions that sprang from the war,
sincerely accept accomplished results, honestly
Identify themselves with the new order of
shings, and vote accordingly. I know that
ssoiue of the most intelligent and prominent
men among them would have voted with us
in 18S8 Sja4 they been permitted to vote, and
I hope—and I have reasons for that hope—that
now the number of their followers will not be
small. I know that also, that had we not acted
as we did there would never have been any pos-
sibility to produce a moral impression on our
part upon that class of citizens. To-day the
moral strength of true Republicanism is infi-
nitely greater than it was six months ago, for
true Republicanism dares to be itself again.
But, sir, the number of votes our opponents
would have was not a question which I could
permit to control my action. I supported those
measures of safety, disfranchisement included,
which the necessities of a revolutionary period
demanded, as long as those necessities existed.
They having ceased, disfranchisement has no
longer any justification to rest upon. If to the
last man the reenfranchised in Missouri were
to vote against me, that, I solemnly declare,
is at this day to me no reason why they should
not vote at all. I have struggled for the equal
rights of men, whether they be black or white.
I am ready to stand up for the equal rights of
men, whether they be Democrats or Repub-
licans. I do not know how many of the reen-
franchised will vote for us, but I do know—and
here I express my profoundest conviction, sir—
I do know that if there is a party which, after
the danger to the Republic is past; after the
principles which triumphed in the war are
firmly fortified in our fundamental laws; after
the rights of even the lowliest citizens are con-
stitutionally secured—still attempts to pro-
scribe and disfranchise its opponents merely
for the purpose of maintaining itself in power
and of monopolizing the offices, such a party
will lose all moral influence over public opin-
ion, and will be bound to go to the bottom.
And, moreover, I do know, that as the system
of slavery rendered the master class unfit for
true liberty, so the system of disfranchisement,
kept up for reasons of party advantage, must
in a short time render the ruling party unfit
for good government.
Tn fact, sir, I recognize objects in political life
superior to the immediate advantage of my
party. I am well aware that political parties are
necessary, and that to make them live a certain
drill and discipline are needed. I also appre-
ciate the necessity of compromising on minor
points inside of a party, for the purpose of
securing strong and hearty cooperation in the
furtherance of greater ends. A party may not
satisfy me in every respect, but I may belong
to it because it approaches my ideal more
closely than any other. But I have never been
able to look up to a party as a deity that has
supernatural claims upon my veneration. To
me my party has never been anything else than
an organization of men gotten up for the pur-
pose of carrying certain principles into living
reality, or of promoting the execution of cer-
tain measures o'f public good. This object of
the organization has always been to my mind
the first, nay ,the only thing of realimportance,
and I look upon all other so-called party inter-
ests as absolutelysecondai-y to it. '• My party,
right or wrong," is therefore aery which I never
was and never shall be able to appreciate.* I
might submit to its being wrong on a minor
point; but should it go wrong on an essential
principle, I should defend that principle even
against the party.
Among the fundamental ideas which have
governed me in my public life, there is this in
the first line: to guaranty the largest possible
liberty, and, at the same time, the greatest
security of individual rights to all in our po-
litical and social organization. I joined the
Republican party for the only reason that it
appeared to me to work in the direction of that
great end. And it did. If, under exceptional
circumstances, it restricted the rights of some,
it was to establish an order of things in which
the rights of all would be secured. That accom-
plished, the vital principles of the party com-
pel a prompt removal of the restrictions, for
only thus can the great end of the Republican
policy be reached. If it is said that thereby
the ascendency of the Republican organization
is imperiled, the answer is, that the true object
for which the party has been struggling will be
better subserved by securing all in their right
to vote, even if ever so many vote against us,
than by arbitrarily depriving of their vote those
hostile to the party as a means to keep the
organization in power.
This is what I mean by saying that I recog-
nize in political life objects far superior to the
pretended advantage of my party. Such a
doctrine may appear strangely heretic to those
who know nothing higher than obtaining at the
polls a majority for their candidates, whoever
their candidates may be. But these are the
principles which have always guided me in tuy
political course; I have always professed them,
and shall always be ready to act upon them.
And I go even further than this. The greater
this Republic grows, and the more extensive the
interests become with which we have to deal in
political life, the more imperative becomes the
necessity of raising the standard of our polit-
ical morals, and the more difficult will be this
task. In order to effect it, it is not only desir-
able but indispensable that a healthy spirit
of individual independence and self-criticism
inside of political parties be encouraged and
developed, even at the expense of party dis-
cipline.
I do not underestimate the value of party
discipline so far as it facilitates the subordina-
tion of minor questions to objects of paramount
importance. But when the mere possession of
power and office for its own sake becomus the
paramount object of a party, then party dis-
cipline becomes a demoralizing element, and
the sooner it gives way the belter; the better
for the general morality of political life, and
sometimes the better for the party itself. Such
a case we had in Missouri, and I repeat what
I said before, had the object of our indepen-
dent movement been only to defeat the selfish
maneuvers of the spoilsmen and wire-pullers
it would deserve the commendation of every
patriotic citizen. The spiritof individual inde-
pendence may seem to be a troublesome ele-
ment in any organization ; but if it is largely
represented in a political party it will have
the most wholesome effect of keeping the pro-
fessional managers mindful of the fact that
they may succeed in setting on foot a selfish
and corrupt scheme, but are by no means cer-
tain of being permitted to enjoy the fruit of it,
and that an improper nomination even in a
majority party is not equivalent to an election.
Buttheproblems this generation has to solve
render the development of honest self-criticism
and individual independence inside of parties
peculiarly indispensable. We have just issued
from a social and political revolution which
has essentially changed the relations of the
elementary forces of society and the distribu-
tion of political powers. The political rights
of tbe individual, formerly at the mercy of the
States, have been in a great measure placed
under the safeguard of the national authority.
The working out of this great result has led to
certain habits in the assumption and exercise
of political power which have to some extent
disturbed those balances in which self-govern-
ment finds its security. We shall have to read-
just those balances so as to make the new pre-
rogatives of the national authority answer their
legitimate objects, and at the same lime render
them conformable to that independence which
local self-government must possess in order to
develop its blessings. In that delicate task
we shall not unfrequently find the apparent
interests of party in conflict with the important
object to be accomplished. And just there a
rigid party discipline may sometimes be found
standing in the way of the necessary solution,
and the intervention of conscientious independ-
ent action may become necessary for thepnblic
And, more than this. Great pecuniary inter-
ests have sprung up in an organized form and
commenced to exercise an influence in politics
