1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
roittee on Public Lands of the Senate and a
bill reported back to the Senate exactly like
it. It relates to a local matter, and I presume
there will be no objection to it.
By unanimous cousent, the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 487) relative to school lands in the
State of Oregon was read twice and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It gives the
assent of Congress to the application, of the
five hundred thousand acres of land granted
to the State of Oregon by the act of Congress
approved September 4, 1841, to the support
of common schools, as provided in section
two, article eight, of the constitution of the
State. But nothing herein contained is to in-
fluence the construction or effect of the act
admitting the State into the Union as to that
application.
Mr. CORBETT. I was fearful that this
joint resolution did not cover the case, as we
desired to secure these lands to the schools;
but on consultation with some Senators and
with my colleague, who has had it in particu-
lar charge, I am assured that he thinks it will
cover the case sufficiently. I am therefore
willing that it should pass.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2933) ceding ccrtain
land in the village of Mackinaw, Michigan, to
E. A. Pranks was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the consent osf the
Senate to take up the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 288) granting the Chicago and Illinois
Southern Railroad Company the right to build
a bridge across the Big Wabash river and de-
claring the same a post road. It has been
reported favorably with amendments from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
It is important that the bridge should be built,
and it is very necessary that the joint res-
olution should pass at as early a day as pos-
sible.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads have the whole of this
day after one o'clock, and this resolution will
come in with their reports at that time.
Mr. PRATT. I hope my friend will allow
. me to have tuis joint resolution acted upon
now.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator can call it
up to-day'alter one o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. I beg to correct my col-
league on the committee. This day has not
been assigned for the general business of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
but for the consideration of the postal code
bill. That is all I asked to have considered,
mid if I get that through to-day I shall be
satisfied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has just commenced, and the Sen-
ator from Indiana asks that by unanimous
consent the Senate proceed to consider the
joint resolution named by him.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall get through
with the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection. Petitions and memo-
rials are in order.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CRAGrIN presented the petition ofW. B.
Cushing, lieutenant commander United States
Navy, praying that the provisions of the act
approved July 10, 1862, granting ten years'
additional service on the active list to those
officers who had received or Bhould receive
the thanks of Congress, may be extended to
liim ; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOWELL presented a petition from
soldiers of Newton, Jasper county, Iowa,,
praying the passage of the amendment to the
homestead law agreed upon in the House Mil-
itary Committee; which was -referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of Duluth, Minne-
sota, in favor of such an appropriation as will
enlarge the Sault Ste. Marie canal and make
the same free to navigation; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
R. N. Walden, of Decatur, Alabama, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilites.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
A. A. Woodson^ of Botetourt county, Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
additional papers relating to the claim of II.
R. de La Reintrie, praying for relief in the
settlement of his accounts as vice consul gen-
eral at Havana; which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Wil-
liam D. Heltsley, late of company D, twenty-
fifth Kentucky volunteers, praying pay and
allowances for services in the Army during the
late war, and also praying to be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
Frances A. Robinson, a resident of the State
of Missouri, widow and administratrix of John
M. Robinson, deceased, praying remuneration
for property used and destroyed by United
States troops during the late rebellion, while
encamped on her premises; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1233) to prescribe the time for holding tie
elections for electors of President and Vice
President in the State of Louisiana, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. SDMNER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whqm was referred
the bill (S. No. 1221) toincorporate the Wash-
i ington Life Insurance Company of the United
] States of America, reported adversely thereon,
| and moved its indefinite postponement: which
: was agreed to.
I Mr. SUMNER. The same committee have
directed me to report a biil for the temporary
relief of destitute aged colored persons in the
District of Columbia; and as the charity which
it contemplates is simply a continuation of one
of last year, which expires this very day, there
is reason why we should act on it at once.
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts reports a bill from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and
asks for its present consideration. It will be
read, subject to objection.
The bill (S. No. 1303) for the temporary
relief of destitute aged colored persons in the
District of Columbia was read, and passed to
a second reading. It proposes to appropri-
ate $12,000 for the relief of destitute aged
colored persons in the District of Columbia,
the money to be received and distributed by
the National Freedmen's Relief Association.
It further proposes to authorize the Secretary
of War to furnish the association with cloth-
ing and bedding on hand, not needed by the
Army, not exceeding $5,000 in value, for dis-
tribution among the persons mentioned, and
also to allow it the use of the buildings in
Armory Square, occupied by the quartermas-
ter's department, if not needed for the public
service, for the purpose of enabling the asso-
ciation still farther to relieve aged colored
destitute persons.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the consideration
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky objects, and the bill will be placed
on the Calendar. -
Mr. SUMNER. I hope my friend will not
object. ,
Mr. DAVIS. I do object to its considera-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill wiii -Be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to take
up for consideration a bill for the relief of a
man whose whisky was struck by lightning.
I think it will take no time.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to that.
Air. TRUMBULL. Why object to that? It
is a ease where property was burned up.
Mr. POMEROY. Whisky struck by light-
ning !
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes,«ir. "
Mr. POMEROY. The act of God.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But you do not want
the man to pay tax on it. That is the ques-
tion. The Senator from Kansas, I am sure,
will not object.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object to taking
it up, but I want to say something oa it when
it comes up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois asks unanimous consent to proceed
to the consideration of a bill. Will he indi-
cate the number of it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is House joint reso-
lution No. 373.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requiresuwm-
imous consent at this time.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, from the
Committee on Patents, to whom was referred-
the memorial of Frederick P. Dimpfel, for an
extension of his patent-for an improvement
in steam-boilers, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (8. No. 1305) for the relief of
Frederick P. Dimpfel.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ABBOTT, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1908) for the relief of Mrs. Ru-
hany Brown, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
■! He also, from the same committee, to whom
jj was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1668) for the
ij relief of James Weeks, jr., of Pennsylvania,
j| reported adversely thereon, and moved its in-
:! definite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jefiferson W. Davis,
late first lieutenant company C., sixty-fourth
New York volunteers, praying the pay and
emoluments of first lieutenant from June 23,
1864, to "May 10, 1865, reported that the peti-
tioner have leave to withdraw his papers ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Samuel Houston,
praying compensation for damages sustained
by him in the destruction of the steamboat
William Henry, submitted a report, ^accom-
panied by a joint resolution (S. R. No. 309)
for the relief of Samuel Houston.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the joint resolution was read, and passed to a
second reading.
TREATY RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Ordered, That the treaty between tig United
States and the several tribes and bm'K of J11™1®®8
residing in the State of Hew York, crjuiluded at the
council-house, Cattaraugus reserve, Kew xorfc, the
4th of December, 1868, and the different papers
relating thereto, be taken-from the files ot the ben-
at© and recommitted to the Comsmttee on Indian
Affairs.
RELIEF TP FRASCK AKD GERMANY.
Mr. POJiBHOY. I desire leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution, and I ask that it be
