1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
which threatens to become controlling. Do
not understand me as indulging here in a one-
sided fling at the so-called industrial monopo-
lies fostered by a high protective tariff; I allude
to all those powerful corporations whose hands
have been so visible here and there in the pro-
ceedings of legislative bodies and even in the
decisions of judges. Influences like these are
more likely to grow than todecrease; and when
once the machinery of political parties falls
into their hands, with the resources of patron-
age and all the appliances of professional man-
agement, what will the consequences be unless
the spirit of individual independence breaks
through the routine of party drill and disci-
pline? How much we are involved in those
struggles already, or how soon they will be upon
us, I will not here undertake to discuss; but
ceitainly we cannot too soon nor too much
encourage that spirit which sees in political
parties not mere mutual insurance companies,
but means for the promotion of great public
ends which stand above them ; that spirit which
recognizes the interests of the public welfare as
iufinitely superior to the temporary advantage
of mere political organizations. It is for such
reasons mainly that I am so strongly in favor
of destroying what is called patronage, and
of a civil service reform which is not only to
give the country a more efficient class of pub-
lic servants, but, above all things, to remove
from our political life a most dangerous ele-
ment of demoralization. Some of our "active
and practical political managers" may object
that if such doctrines prevail they will no longer
be able to run any party. I answer, so much
the better. The running of parties which we
observe here and there leads me to the con-
clusion that they would run better were they
not run at all.
And now, sir, I desire to devote a few re-
mark's to a subject which of late has been dis-
cussed with a certain degree of nervousness,
and with which, among others, the recent elec-
tion in Missouri and my name have been brought
in connection. 1 mean the organization of a new
party. I shall express my opinions with entire
frankness,for I have never hesitated to avow the
motives governing my political course. My col-
league, as you are aware, asserts that I intend
to go over to the Democrats. Let me assure
him, if that were my intention 1 should have
the courage to say so.
Every hint at the possibility of organizing a
new party on the part of a Republican or a
Democrat has been treated on both sides as a
sort of high treason. I will at once confess that,
whatever my views concerning its practicability
may be, I do not look upon the idea as anything
particularly criminal. I am even convinced that
things have a tendency in that direction. But I
know also that parties cannot be manufactured
to order ; they spring and grow into being as
new issues arise or old ones press into the fore-
ground and give a powerful impulse to the pop-
ular mind. Neither can new issues be manu-
factured to order; they also spring and grow
out of the existing condition of things. In one
respect, however, the circumstances surround-
ing us seem to favor a change of party relations.
That the Republican party has virtually ac-
complished those things which lay in the line
of its original policy, and that the Democratic
party has had to change its policy with regard
to the most essential points in controversy sev-
eral time3 within the last ten years, and now
exists merely as an opposition party, are things
which are every day asserted and every day
denied. There is, however, an impression grow-
ing on the popular mind that it actually is so ;
and there is some reason for that impression.
The Republican party fought against slavery
and that sort of State sovereignty which formed
the protection of slavery, and they have disap-
peared. The Democratic party fought for these
things, and they cannot be restored. The fight
i'or and against them is therefore ended and
become obsolete. Thus the great issues which
originally founed the line of division exist no
longer. Attempts to artificially revive them
will not avail much longer. On one side efforts
may be made to unsettle the positive results
which have grown out of this struggle. These
effortsmay produce grievous disturbance and
confusion for a time, but in the end they will
f>rove powerless against the fixed determina-
tion of the popular mind to uphold the new
order of things. Such efforts may for a moment
strengthen, and justly strengthen, the idea on
the other side that much is still to be done to
protect accomplished results, and that to this
end the continuance of the old organization is
necessary; but it will also turn out to be true
that the task of protecting those results will in
many respects be best performed by a natural
development which depends on other agencies
than direct political action.
The popular impression, if not entirely right,
is therefore not entirely wrong. A new phase
of development is upon us. It will naturally
bring forth new problems, new duties, new ques-
tions of general interest, and this circumstance
will not long remain without influence upon
the composition and the relations of parties.
But while in this respect the situation of
things seems to favor a new formation, in
another it does not. While the old issues are
well-nigh exhausted, the fresh problems which
the new order of things brings with it have
not sufficiently developed themselves. Not one
of them has so far seized upon the popular
mind with that power which is required for a
new creation. The question of the removal
of disabilities is but an ephemeral one ; it
may be disposed of to-morrow, and I hope it
will. The question of the future relations of
the States to the national Government is still
covered by the reminiscences of the war, and
does not appear yet in the light of the new
interests which our new condition will develop.
The tariff question, great as its importance is,
has not yet proved absorbing enough to over-
shadow all other political differences. More-
over, it has not yet been reduced to that sim-
plicity which would render it less liable to
compromise, and a vague impression of the
inexhaustible abundance of our economical
resources on the one side, as well as the reve-
nue necessities of the Treasury caused by the
national debt on the other, prevents it as yet
from gaining sufficient prominence to become
the principal line of division between parties.
As for civil reform as a great party issue, we
see already that if one party adopts it the other
will also raise the cry, although it may be noth-
ing but a cry.
Thus it appearsthatat this momentthe neces-
sary inspiration is wanting for the formation of
a new party. And yet the preliminary ferment-
ation is evidently working in both the existing
organizations. I confidently assert that a con-
siderable element in the Democratic organiza-
tion are dissatisfied with their party, but stay
in it because they like the Republican party
still less. And a considerable element in the
Republican organization are dissatisfied with
their party, but stay in it because they like the
Democratic party less. I know this assertion
will bo vociferously denied by zealous partisans
on both sides; but such is the result of my obser-
vations, and I believe it to be correct. Both
parties have lost much of that positive moral
power which is necessary to sway the popular
mind.
'That under such circumstances the disci-
pline of either party should prove insufficient to
prevent irregular movements, splits and breaks
and schisms, is by no means surprising. You
witness such things not in Missouri only ; you
observe them wherever you turn your eyes.
They do not spring from the wiles and intrigues
of "political Catilines," as an indignant party
organ expressed itself. They are not the cause
but the result, the natural outgrowth of the sit-
uation. They are elementary upheavings ; and
if you try to repress them by a violent enforce-
ment of party discipline you will only provoke
more violent and formidable explosions. And
now, while the prospect of a new line of divis-
ion may to-day appear rather dim, yet I repeat
something of the kind will come with the neces-
sity of a natural process. It may not come for
some time, and yet it may come all at once,
over-night, as a political question strikes and
sets on fire the popular mind ; a question, per-
haps, existing to-day, but thrust into prom-
inence bya sudden event which we do not think
of at present.
And thus I hear myself asked—thus you
think, that if such a neiv line of division must
come, the Republican party is in a moribund
condition? No, sir, not necessarily so. I do
not think so; for I believe the Republican
party may and ought to become the new party
itself.
I do, however, believe that the Republican
party is doomed if it fails to appreciate the
vital conditions of its existence. The rank
and file of the Republican party have always
been very different in character from the ele-
ments composing the Democratic organiza-
tion. The latter finds its main strength in
habit, drill, and discipline. But the former
consists of volunteers who are united and strong
only when fighting for a cause powerfully
engaging their intellectual and moral natures.
They are always inclined to look with a critical
eye at the ends they are to serve and at
the conduct of their leaders. Drill and dis-
cipline are not sufficient to control them.
When they ask, " What are we fightingfor? "
and the only answer is " The party," they are
also slow to march. You remember they did
fight with the power of genuine enthusiasm
against slavery and for the integrity of the
Republic and the great principles from which
true republican government draws its life.
But if the Republican party should ever adopt
as the main ami and end of its political opera-
tions its own preservation and the posssession
of power and office, or other selfish interests,
and rely to that end upon something like the
patronage and those tricks of the trade which
form the traditional apparatusofthe "practical
political manager," then the party will most
certainly lose the support of its best elements,
for it will lose the great inspirations which
enlist the volunteers and set them in motion.
Trimming and wire-pulling can certainly not
preserve the vitality of an organization like
ours.
Neither will the high-sounding recital of our
glorious memories answer much longer. The
Republican masses are indeed proud of their
past achievements, as they have a right to be.
But they do not desire their party to quarter
itself, like an idle and hungry pensioner, upon
the public crib on account of great services
rendered some time ago. They know that the
war is over, arid they are glad of it. They do
not want to beat the war-drum longer than it
is called for.
Still less do I think that a stroke of sensa-
tion, such as a foreign difficulty, gotten up for
the purpose of preserving the party in a blaze
of artificial excitement, can answer the object.
Far from going into a trap of that kind, the
intelligent and patriotic masses would indig-
nantly repel such a trick as an atrocity worthy
of a Louis Napoleon, but not of a republican
people governing themselves.
Neither do i believe that the Republican
party can live if it makes itseif the represent-
ative, advocate, and agent of any special eco-
nomical interest. Such a policy would cer-
tainly bring on its decomposition.
Nay, sir, the only way to preserve the vitality
of the Republican party is to make it the party
of progressive reforms; in other words, the new
party, which is bound to come in one form or
another. I do not mean that as a party of
reforms it should lightly catch up every new
1' ism " hatched by heated brains; but it should
resolutely address itself to the reformation ot
the abuses and the solution of the problems
which daily become more evident to every
observing mind.
