m
THE C 0 JSf(xllESSIOISrAL GLOBE.
^December 15,
• Let, it first and foremost promptly sweep
away those political restrictions which were
born ofthe necessities of a revolutionary period,
and ought not to survive them ; things which
now, instead of protecting anybody, are only
calculated to impede a gradual settlement of
difficulties by natural process. Let it speedily
abandon the preposterous idea that in days
like these such restrictions can be an element
of strength to any party. Let it endeavor by
all means to divert the minds of those we have
conquered away from the past, and to turn
them toward the future, by boldly advancing
the questions of the present and future to the
foreground, instead of harping upon reminis-
cences. Let it so exercise the powers of the
central authority as not to hamper the benefi-
cial action of local self-government, while pro-
tecting every citizen in his right, to participate
in it Let it be just to itself and to the people,
by fearlessly acknowledging, exposing, and
correcting what errors of policy may have been
committed and what abuses may have crept
in under its rule, and by discountenancing
unworthy men in its ranks. Let it resolutely
put the ax to the root of the great scandals of
our political life which spring from our absurd
and demoralizing system of civil service. Let
it practice true and conscientious econon>3r,
not only in the expenditure and application
of public moneys, but also in the method of
levying them, so as to be equally just to all
classes and all economical interests. And
finally, let it set itself, not only in legislation,
but also in its influence upon popular elec-
tions, with the most indefatigable watchfulness
and unflinching energy, against the growing
political power of moneyed corporations, which
steals upon us with a cat-like step and threatens
to make our democratic institutions a mere tool
in the hands of despotic monopolies.
Let the Republican party follow a policy like
this with an unselfish spirit, and it will find in
it a surer means of maintaining itself thau in
the most refined tricksof political management.
It will then scorn the idea of sustaining its
ascendency by disfranchising its opponents,
and wonder how that idea could have lived so
long; foritnill, as in the most gloiious days
ot its past career, again with the full pride and
force of great inspirations appeal to the popu-
lar conscience, and its rejuvenated moral
strength will never falter before a number of
opponents ever so large. As it was the great
party of the past, thus it may and ought to
bccomc the great party of the future.
But can this bo accomplished? I know the
difficulties and hostile influences to be over-
come, and I do not underestimate them. But
J have sincere and great faith in the Repub-
lican masses. Whatever changes may have
taken place in the composition of the party, I
believe it still represents a vast preponderance
believe the Republican party does contain the
elements of a healthy regeneration. I further
believe, if a new party should arise, it would
i."V t a.w ®08t valuable material from
the Republican ranks in order to become equal
to tne exigencies of the times. I think, there-
fore, the Republican party lias the stuff in itto
become that new party itself. The question is
only waether its best can also become its con-
trolling impulses. It is the question determ-
ining iis vitality. I firmly hope and trust it can
be successfully solved.
I am aware that the Democrats to-day set
up a loud pretense to the monopoly of the true
reformatory spirit. But it appears to me that
pretense slatid-j somewhat loosely in the air.
iily Democratic friends on this floor will not
accuse me of having been governed in my dis-
cussions with them by the stupid prejudices
of pariisauihip. I have not uiifrequeutly put
a high, value upon their criticisms, and I have
endeavored to look at their party with the eyes
Of a calm and conscientious observer. And
having done this, I repeat, I have so far seen
no reasons strong enough to make me believe
in the reformatory mission of the Democratic
organization. It is true, the prevailing senti-
ment in it may be in favor of what is called
revenue reform. But I have not only noticed
in their last national platform a resolution
strongly squinting the opposite way, but on
this very floor I have observed a strange tend-
ency to compromise on that question accord-
ing to local interests. Besides, the tariff ques-
tion is not the only one, it may perhaps not
even be the most important question of the
future.
I read in Democratic papers that their party
has always been in favor oi civil service reform.
This is news to me. I cannot forget that the
principle "To the victors belong the spoils"
is of Democratic origin, that they have inau-
gurated the system and developed the abuses
under which we^ now suffer, and if these
abuses have multiplied it is only because, in
consequence o( great necessities, the machin-
ery of the civil service was made more compli-
cated and extensive. I have neither heard from
a Democratic leader, nor have I read in a Dem-
ocratic newspaper, of any practical proposition
of civil service reform which would'lead me to
believe that any other change was intended than
to transfer the offices from Republican to Dem-
ocratic hands, and to let the vicious method
of appointment and removal continue. If I
am mistaken I shall be glad to be corrected.
But the most prominent feature of the course
of the Democracy in our days has been that
it did not keep paee with, but continually
lagged behind, the progress of the tiines. I
will not rehearse the catalogue of Democratic
sins committed during the war. I am not
given to that. But here is a point touching
the living present. While on the Republican
side mistakes were made in relying for the
development of the new order of things too
long on a policy of restriction, instead of
giving wider range to the natural process, the
Democratic party impeded a healthy develop-
ment, and kept up the animosities of the past
by mischievous appeals to old prejudices and
the promise of a reaction. I know well that
a reaction against the new order of things can-
not now lead to a lasting success ; hut I know
also that a policy tending in that direction
would result in temporary confusion. Instead
of burying the issues of the past, the Democ-
racy has rather shown an inclination to gain
local advantages by uselessly renewing them.
Of late they have here and there promised to
give it up, and every patriotic man would hail
the fulfillment of that promise with delight.
A more important point still is this: while
there is not as much self-criticism in the Repub-
lican party as might be desired, party drilUnd
discipline are infinitely more potent in the Dem-
ocratic party in stifling tiie moral impulses.
This arises in a great measure from the char-
acter of the elements which compose the rank
and file of the oganization. They show little
individual independence in political action, and
therefore easily yield to management and lead-
ership. The Democrat who still votes for An-
drew Jackson may be fabulous, butasasatire on
an existing class the story is not without point.
I have already spoken of the sinister influence
of powerful moneyed corporations. No party
will resist them easily. But when such influ-
ences take an organization in which habit, drill,
and discipline are so potent as in the Democ-
racy in hand, they are for these very reasons
apt to become irresistible. New York may
to-day be looked upon as the model Democratic
State, and if the Democratic oigauization, Tam-
many, with its rings, is to take possession of
the Democratic national organization, to dictate
its policy and designate its candidates, as has
been openly suggested, and as is quite probable,
the prospect of stern resistance to the dan-
gerous intrusion of the money power, and the
chances of a wise and unselfish reform policy,
are, to say the least, not flattering enough to
prove seductive. The Democratic party in
opiposition performs the pleasant office of a
critic. But its fair promises are accompanied
by a rather damaging commentary furnished
by the party in those places where it enjoys
decided facilities to carry those promises into
practice. Many of those who make promises
of reform are undoubtedly sincere. But 1 fear,
with the Democratic party in power, those sin-
cere men would be unable to carry them out.
They would find in the component elements
of the party an insuperable difficulty.
Taking it all in all, therefore, I may return to
what I said before : the best materials for pro-
gressive reforms, the true unselfish reformatory
spirit, as well as the healthiest impulses of
individual independence, are still to be found
among the elements out of which the Repub-
lican party is formed. And I fervently hope
that this spirit and those impulses may succeed
in determining the character of its policy, with-
out permitting it first to go through the crucible
of defeat, and preventing it from falling into
that decomposition which otherwise, not indi-
vidual politicians, but the natural progress of
events, would inevitably bring on.
Mr. President, I am about to close. My
remarks have take a wide range, and 1 have
said things which may displease some of my
political friends. I regret that. But, sir, I can-
not look at all thatsurrounds us with the eye of
the partisan. I cannot bid my moral impulses
and my conscientious convictions be silent in
the face of wrongs and abuses, whoever may
be responsible for them, and whoever may
derive advantage from them. The convictions
upon which I have acted in Missouri and spoken
here were not formed lightly, on the spur of
the moment. They are the political faith of my
life. I have cherished them from the begin-
ning of my career, and I think they will guide
me to the end. In their advocacy I am pro-
foundly in earnest.
Let no man suspect me, sir, of any willing-
ness to jeopardize for future reforms any of
the great results we have won by the struggles
of the past. No ; not that. By them I shall
stand to the last; I will help to maintain them
at any cost and hazard. But it is ray sincere
belief, and I cannot express it too strongly,
that there is no policy better calculated to secure
those results against all danger, than that which
will furnish the conditionsfor a general revival
of national feeling; that which will divert the
popular mind from its broodiugs over past dis
sensions and occupy it with the great things
now to be done for the common good ; that
which will raise our political life to a higher
level of morality; that which will restore once
more all over the soil of this Republic the
working of true popular government. What-
ever temporary disappointments we may have
to meet, such a policy is sure to triumph in the
end. And I am confident that those who eon-
tribute to such a result will, when at a future
day the controversies of this period can be sur-
veyed in all their bearings, be considered to
have worked for the best interests of their
country.
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, several Sen
ators have suggested to me that it would be
better for the Senate to adjourn this afternoon
before I should attempt to say anything in reply
to the speech of my colleague. I have no objec-
tion to that course, which would relieve the
Senate from any further attention to this sub-
ject this afternoon ; but before I yield to a
motion to adjourn I desire to address to my
colleague an interrogatory.
For the first time, Mr. President, since my
acquaintance with the Senate, a Senator has
felt himself at liberty to go back many years
m the history of another Senator's life, and
to repeat on the floor of the Senate an alleged
remaik of that. Senator stated to have been
made many yeats before he became a member
of this body. I do not stop to inquire whether
such a proceeding on the part of a Senator is
m consonance with parliamentary custom or
