1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
law; but, sir, in the presence of this audience,
where the statement was made by my colleague,
not in the presence of some future audience
which did not hear his statement, I wish to
make an inquiry of him.
He stated that in 1857, when Hon. James
S. llollins, for many years my personal and
esteemed friend, was a candidate for Gov-
ernor of Missouri, I objected to voting for him,
and objected to his election, because his elec-
tion would be hostile to tbe interests of slavery
in Missouri. Now, sir, as I believe my honor-
able colleague was at that time five years a
resident of the United States, and perhaps
lived in Wisconsin, perhaps in Pennsylvania,
perhaps in Michigan, in all of which States, if
I am correctly informed, he has lived; and as
I was a private citizen practicing my profession
at the bar in St. Louis in 1857, taking no part
whateverin political matters, I desire to ask my
colleague for the proof of the statement which
he has made to the Senate, and to which I have
referred. I have no knowledge or recollection
of ever having made a remark of that kind.
Certainly I never did so in public, and I sup-
pose it is equally certain that I never did in
private, for the reason that Mr. Rollins, con-
cerning whom my colleague says the remark
was made, was a slaveholder, a pro-slavery
man, living in a pro slavery county, and I had
not then, nor had any other man in Missouri
that I know of, the least reason on earth to
suppose that Mr. Rollins entertained the first
glimmering of a sentiment of hostility to
slavery. • I pause to enable ray colleague to
give the proof of the assertion which he made
in his speech.
Mr. SCHURZ. Isuppose ray colleague wants
to know what source 1 took that information
from. I have it from Mr. Rollins himself, in the
corner ot'a letter addressed to me. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; I care not from
what source he got it, 1 say still' that I have
not the least knowledge or recollection of any
such tiling ever passing from me. But suppose
it had; I have just this remark to make, that
the cause must be desperate indeed which, in
attempting to vindicate itself upon the floor of
the Senate, and before this nation, finds its
vindication in a remark which I made, if I did
make it at all, in private conversation or
in private correspondence more than thirteen
years ago.
Now, Mr. President, if any Senator desires
that the Senate shall adjourn until to-morrow,
I will yield for that purpose, and will then
endeavor to reply to so much of my colleague's
speech as I deem it appropriate to reply to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
peed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the doors
are closed the Chair will present to the Senate
a House bill for reference.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2527) making appropri-
ations for revenue-cutters, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
executive session.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business; and after
a quarter of an hour spent in executive ses-
sion, the doors were reopened, and (at three
o'clock and fifty-eight minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thcksday, December 15, 1870.
The House rnetattwelve o'clockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HE VENUE-CUT TEH?.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Appropriations
41st Oo:xg, 3d Sess,—No. 9.
a bill making appropriations for revenue-cut-
ters for consideration at this time.
The bill, which was read, appropriates
§800,000 to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to construct steam cutters for the revenue
marine service, the same not to exceed in ton-
nage the maximum recommended by the com-
mission appointed by the Secretary of the
Treasury December 16, 1869.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say that this sum
has been heretofore appropriated for this pur-
pose. But while the Department was making
some arrangements to change their original
plan the law of last year covered into the Treas-
ury the amount so appropriated, and they are
obliged to have the appropriation again made.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 2527) was received, read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
turnpike companies in the district.
Mr. STONE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Reaoloed, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire whether fhe char-
ters of the Washington and Rockville Turnpike
Company and the Columbia Turnpike Road Com-
pany have been forfeited by willful neglect and non-
compliance with the terms thereof, with leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
railroad companies to deliver mails.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2528) requiring rail-
road companies to receive and deliver mails ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
miami indian reservation.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, for con-
sideration at this time, Senate joint resolution
No. 259, relating to the Miami Indian reserva-
tion in Kansas. 1 am sure there will be no
objection to it.
The joint resolution, which was read, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to withhold the
further issuance of patents or other evidences
of title to lands embraced in the Miami Indian
reservation in Kansas until otherwise directed
by law.
Mr. MUNGEN. Is it in order to move the
reference of this joint resolution to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Julian] asks unanimous consent that
it may be taken from the Speaker's table at
this time. .
Mr. MUNGEN. I object, unless it can be
referred.
Mr. JULIAN. Allow me to say one word.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Mungen] objects to the consideration of
the bill, though the objection is put in a rather ;
questionable form, and in a form which it is ;
not usual for the Chair to entertain. The gen- !
tleman baa indicated that he would allow the j
bill to be taken up for reference. The Chair,
!| however, will entertain the objection.
;j little falls bridge.
■ i Mr. McKENZIE, by unanimous consent,
! submitted the following resolution; which was
,■ read, considered, and agreed to:
: Resolve'!, That the Committee on Appropriations
|! be requested to consider the propriety of making sin
appropriation for rebuilding Little Falls or Chain
!i Bridge over the Potomac, destroyed by the late
!■ freshet from the Shenandoah river into the Potomac
jl river.
I REFUNDING TAX PENALTY.
ji Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
| consent, introduced a joint resolution (H. R.
|] No. 416) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to refund penalty, interest, and costs
illegally assessed and collected under direct
tax laws; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
amnesty.
Mr. MORRELL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion of the bill which comes over from yester-
day as unfinished business, being House bill
No. 2523, a bill for full and general grace,
amnesty, and oblivion of all wrongful acts,
doings, or omissions of all persons engaged in
the war of the late rebellion. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield ten minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Barry.]
Mr. BARRY. _ Mr. Speaker, this is a ques-
tion of no small importance, and one on which
I desire to express my views in order to justify
the vote I shall give.
We find that there was a Government prior
to this war, a Government resting upon a basis
inconsistent in its character, and which, as a
natural consequence, produced a war; and the
war in its results has given occasion for recon-
struction. In reference to the provisions of
this bill I wish to say that in proposing to
except from its operation men who occupied
prominent positions before the war it proposes
an invidious distinction, -one which I cannot
sustain or sanction by my vote. Men who
occupied positions as Representatives in Con-
gress, and as officers in the Army and Navy,
simply obeyed the will which we here in this
Hall obey; and, for one, I do not propose to
except those men simply because they obeyed
that will. The sainted Lincoln, whom the
Republicans in this House and throughout the
nation love to honor, when he issued hiseman-
ci pation proclamation simply bowed to the pop-
ular will of this country; he acted under the
dictation of the American people. That doc-
umentwas the proclamation of Abraham Lin-
coln not as an individual, but as the represent-
ative of the sentiment of said people.
Now, sir, in passing a general amnesty bill
in this House we must not lose sight of the
fact that we are trying to strike abalance-sheet
between what our forefathers failed to do and
what we are required to do. We are trying
to reestablish the foundations of the Govern-
ment. We must realize the fact that in wiping
out a system upon which our Government was
founded the war has imposed upon us the duty
of reconstructing the foundations of the Gov-
ernment, and it becomes us to act in accord-
ance with the fundamental principles of the
Constitution.
It would ill become me, sir, to make upon
this floor a speech designed simply for tbe
perpetuation of any party. I seek no such
object; but I ask that the foundation principles
of the Government shall be perpetuated and
the best interests of our country served. If
any man on this floor makes a speech designed
simply to perpetuate party he takes a course
which cannot be sustained, and one which,
though it may result in party aggrandizement,
will not redound to the best interests of our coun-
try ; and I, for one, am opposed to a measure
of that kind, and stand by this general principle:
that slavery was a wrong, a wrong forced upon
us; tbe result of which created war. That war
has wiped out that institution. It has also
created reconstruction acts, and in pursuance
of those reconstruction acts we have attempted
to save the Government. In saving the Gov-
ernment we should save it upon a basis original
in its character.
Mr. Speaker, I would also say in this con-
nection that we still have troubles in the South,
and those, in the main, grow out of the vacillat-
ing position taken by the Republican party of
