956
THE CONGRBSSfOTAL GLOBE.
February 4,
without. France it must have been postponed.
Such, sir, is our obligation to France, infinite
in extent, which, ever paying, we must ever
owe.
But is our obligation to Germany less ? I
eaunot forget that this great country, fertile
in men as in thought, has contributed to ours
a population numerous and enlightened, by
which the Republic has been strengthened
and our civilization elevated. France con-
tributed to national independence; Germany
to national strength and life. How shall I
undertake to determine the difference between
these two obligations? We owe infinitely to
France; we owe infinitely to Germany. It is
within my knowledge—indeed, I have learned
it within a very few days—that during this last
year Count Bismarck, in conversation with a
personal friend of my own, said, with some-
thing of pride, that Germany had in the United
States her second largest State after Prussia-
Mr. WILSON. What did lie ineau by that?
Mr. SUMNER. My colleague asks aae.wb&t
he meant by that. The German statesman had
encouraged emigration, by which Germans
come here, so that there is a German popu-
lation among us larger than that of any other
German State after Prussia. Such, to my
mind, is the natural meaning of his language.
Some of the largest German cities are in our
country; and all this population together is
itself a State.
But. sir, why consider this comparison 1
Here is simply a question of eharity. Now,
cfearity knows no distinction of persons, knows
no distinction of nations; especially does it
know no distinction of friends. I will not
now undertake to hold the balance between
these two mighty friends, to whom we are
under such great an<f perhaps equal obliga-
tions. Let us do all that we can for each,
with this understanding: that where .there is
the most suffering there must our -charity go.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President. I rise simply
to say that probably no man living admires the
sentiments he has listened to this morning more
than myself; but the last sentiment uttered by
'.he Senator frora Massachusetts is the one thai
strikes me most agreeably. He says, as I have
felt for an hour very keenly, that sympathy
knows no distinction of persons. Therefore,
I hope you will enlarge your circle, and having
provided for the sufferers in France and Prus-
sia, you will have a little regard for a suffering
American. Every Senator will remember how
I was made to piead yesterday morning in -my
effort to get through a couple of little chores
lying on my desk now. I trust that 4n the
abundance of the generous sympathy of the
Senate they will let this resolution go through,
and then attend to my wants. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. 1 think this had better go
over. We have spent an hour on it already,
f-wish to go on with the morning business.
Mr. POMEROY. No; we can pass this
resolution now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts objeet to the further
consideration of the joint resolution ?
Mr. WILSON. No; 1 will not make an
objection.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for "a third reading, read the third
lime, and passed.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ROSS submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
It. No. 2615) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling so-called treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 00, 1872, and for other pur-
poses; winch was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
seat obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1304) to encourage ship-building and promote
the interests of American commerce; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to be
printed and to lie on the table. ,p-
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce ft joint
resolution (S. R. No. 307) authorizing the Kan-
sas Pacific Railway Company to construct a
branch pf its road to the Arkansas; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to state that I
offer this resolution by the request of the Kan-
sas Pacific Railway Company. I move that it
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. Ii. No. 810) in relation to First
Lieutenant A. H. M. Taylor ; which was read
twice fey its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affai rs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAG IN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. K. No. 811) extending the pro-
visions of the act of July 16, 1862, granting
ten years' additional service on the active list
to certain officers, to Lieutenant Commander
W. B. Cashing: which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. O0RBJSTT asked, and by unanimous
•consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 812) to set apart certain
lands in Oregon, in order to select and locate
a reservation thereon ; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed. j
Mr. HAMLIN submitted an amendment in- j
tended to be proposed by him as a substitute j
for the bill (S. No. 1112) to establish ocean
steamship lines for the transportation of the
mails between the United States and Europe,
. and for other purposes; which was ordered to
:j be printed.
GREEN' BAY AND LAKE Pl.'I'IN RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWE. I now ask the Senate to
resume the consideration of Senate bill No.
913, which was np yesterday morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
■j resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 913) granting
j the right of way to the Green Bay and Lake
!j Pepin Railway Company for its road across the
j] Oneida reservation in the State of Wisconsin,
!i the pending question being on the amendment
I reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
which was to strike out the words "14th day
!j of April" and insert "23d day of May.':
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Now I move, in accordance
with the suggestion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Casserly] yesterday, to amend
the bill by inserting after the word "land,"
. in line six, the words " not more than a strip
i one hundred feet in width."
' The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
;; reading, was read the third time, and passed.
ji APPROPRIATION BILLS.
'■ Mr. COLE. I wish at this time, in the
i absence of the chairman of the Committee on
' Appropriations, to give notice—which I do by
■■ request of the committee—that on Thursday,
Friday, and Saturday of next week, or, at
any rate, commencing on Thursday and for
i as long a time m may be necessary, the com-
j mittee will aek the attention of the Senate to
! the general appropriation bills, commencing
I with the executive, legislative, and judicial
appropriation bill.
i Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be good
enough to mention the bilk he desires to have
; Acted on 1
Mr. COLE. I say commencing with the
executive, legislative, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. SUMNER. What other bills will the
Senator have ready by that time?
Mr. COLE. The Indian appropriation bill
and the Post Office appropriation bill are
already before us.
Mr. SUMNER'. The Army appropriation
bill and the Navy appropriation bill have not
yet reached the Senate, 1 believe.
Mr. COLE. They have not.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hoar has expired, and the bill (H. R. No. 229§)
to revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to the Post Office Department is the
regular business before the Senate, it being
tbe special order for this day.
Mr. STEWART. I ask unanimous consent
to pass a bill which was read the other morning.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am willing to yield to
legitimate morning business if it has not been
concluded, but to nothing else.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call for b«U
and joint resolutions has not yet been con-*
eluded.
Mr. STEWART. Will not the Senator allow
me five minutos to pass a bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. I can yield only for routine
morning business which has not yet been pre-
sented.
JOHN WILLIAMSON.
Mr. HILL. I a8k leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of a citizen of Georgia; and 1
desire to make an appeal to the Senate for its
present passage, after I make a brief state-
ment. It is a public matter, and one of in-
terest, that ought to be aeted on, as I think I
fiix&ll fibow.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator teU me
how long liis statement will probably occupy ?
Mr. HILL. Not five minutes.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well j I will yield for
that purpose.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1306) to relieve
John Williamson, of Savannah, Georgia, of
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. HILL. I will stale to the Senate that
Mr. Williamson, at the December election,
was elected treasurer of the county of Chat-
ham, and be has therefore involved himself
in great responsibilities amounting to some
hundreds of thousands of dollars. He was of
tbe impression, as the citizens of that county
were—and lie was elected by a very large
majority, many hundreds—that he had been
relieved of his political disabilities, his name
having been published as in one of the former
bills. He came on here himself to he sure of it.
I saw him; and on eKamimination he found
that in the enrollment of the bill his name had
been omitted, as it is thought, by accident.
He never occupied any position as a public
officer before the war or dnring the war. except
that of justice of the inferior court, which is
a court of limited jurisdiction for county pur-
poses ; and he had been a valuable old public
servant in that way, and his constituents liavo
elected him for this responsible position, that
of county treasurer. And that is tbe whole
history of the case. I ask that this esteemed
citizen may be relieved of this mere technical
disability. He was nothing but a county com
missioner virtually during his whole life, anil
did no act in connection with the rebellion
that I had ever heard of. It is for the con-
venience of the people of Ms county Ik at I
ask the passage of this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would joqviM pf tbe
Senator frora Georgia whether this gentleman
has been elected to an office, and l is disabil-
ities are to be removed with a view to allowing
liim to proceed and hold the office.
Mr. HIUL. Fes, sir.
Mr. EDM>UN©S. Th«n I object.
