958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
subsequently, and if he finds that I am mis-
iv/ormed I will consent to the proper changes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
tbe bill.
The next amendment of the Committee ob
Post Offices and Post Roads was in the fourth
section, which prescribes the salaries of the
officers, clerks, and others employed in the Post
Office Department, to strike out in line seven-
teen the words "disbursing clerk, $2,000,"
*od insert " superintendent of Post Office
juilding and disbursing officer, $2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out line
fwenty-uine of section four: "of the female
folders, $600 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-four
of section four, to insert "assistant messen-
gers" before "watchmen," and after "labor-
ers," in the same line, to strike out "$600"
and insert "$720;" so as to read, "of the
assistant messengers, watchmen, and laborers,
$720 each."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after line
thirty-five of section four, "of the engineer,
§1.600; of the assistant engineer, $1,000; of
the carpenter, $1,250; of the assistant car-
penter, SI.000; of the fireman and blacksmith,
$900: of the firemen, S720 each; of the female
laborers, $480 each."
The ameudment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after the word
" clerks," in line forty-five of section four, to
insert "and other temporary employ&s;" so
as to read, "of the temporary clerks and other
temporary employes, according to their class."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six,
which prescribes the duties and functions of
the Postmaster General, to strike out in line
twelve the words "prosecute all offenses
against the postal laws."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eight,
which states the annual reports to be made by
the Postmaster General to Congress, to insert
after ''Japan," in line sixty-three, the words
"and other foreign countries;" so as to read,
"a report on the postal business and agencies
in China and Japan and other foreign coun-
tries."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifteen,
which prescribes the form of oath to be taken
by persons in the postal service, to insert after
the word " oath," in line thirteen, the words
" or affirmation."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twen-
ty-three, which prescribes the duties of the
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department, to strike out in lines four and !
five the words "and he shall direct suits and 1
legal proceedings."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five of
section twenty-four, to strike out the words
"his charge" and insert "the charge of said
Auditor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
six, lines three and four, to strike out "one dis-
bursing clerk, eight" and, insert " nine ;" in
line four to strike out "twenty-three" and
insert "forty;" and in line six to strike out
"thirty" and insert " thirty-seven ;" so as to
make the section read:
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may appoint in the office of the
Auditor of the Post Office Department one chief
clerk, nine clerks of class four, forty clerks of class
three, sixty-four clerks of class two, thirty-seven
•clerks of class one, one messenger, one assistant
messenger, and eleven laborers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
seven, which prescribes the salaries of the
employes in the office of the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department,.to
strike out line seven, in these words, "of the
disbursing clerk, $2,000;" and after the pro-
vision for clerks of class four, in line niue,
to add " and $200 additional to one clerk as
disbursing clerk."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two of
section twenty-eight, to strike out the word
"the" and insert "any" before "post-
master."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
one, line five, to strike out "three" before
"assistants" and insert "four," and in line
six to strike out "$1,000" and insert
" $1,200;" so as to make the section read:
Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General may appoint one superintendent of
the blank agency, at an annual salary of $1,200; one
assistant superintendent, at an annual salary of
81,600; four assistants, at an annual salary of SI.200
each; and two laborers, at an annual salary of $720
each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
three, after the word " Department," in line
two, to insert'' for the Pacific coastand after
the word "of," in line three, to insert" $2,500
per annum, and of other special agents at the
rate of;" so as to make the section read :
Sec. 33. A nd be it further enacted. That the salary
of the special agents of the Post Office Department
for the Pacific coast shall be at the rate of $2,500 per
annum, and of other special agents at the rate of
not more than $1,600 per annnm; and they shall be
allowed for necessary traveling and incidental ex-
penses, while actively employed in the service, a
sum not exceeding five dollars a day.
The ameudment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to section
thirty-six the following words:
And the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department shall charge to the appropriation for
mail transportation the salary and per diem of the
assistant superintendents of the postal railway ser-
vice; and to the appropriation for the free-delivery
system the salary and per diem of the special agent
detailed for that service: and the salary and per diem
of the special agents employed in the money-order
service shall be paid out of the proceeds of that
business.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" dollars," in linesix of section forty, to insert
"per annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section forty-
two, to strike out the word "and" after
"keys;" inline fifteen after "paper" to insert
"'twine,' 'letter-balances,' 'post-marking
and canceling stamps;'" and in line seventeen
to strike out "and" before "rent;" so as to
make the section read:
Sec. 42. Andbe it further enacted. That the accounts
of the postal service shall be kept in such a manner
as to exhibit the amount of revenues derived,
respectively,from "letter postage;" "book, news-
paper,and pamphlet postage;" "registeredletters;"
"boxrentsand braneh offices:" "postage stamps and !
envelopes;" "dead letters;" " fines and penalties;" I
"revenue from money-order business;" and "mis- j
cellaneons;" and the amount of expenditures for i
each of the following objects, namely: " transporta-
tion of the mail;" "compensation of postmasters;"
"compensation of letter-carriers;" "compensation
of clerks for post offices:" "compensation of blank-
agents and assistants;" "mail depredations and
special agents:" "postage stamps and envelopes;"
' ship, steamboat, and way letters;" " dead letters;"
"mail bags;" "mail locks, keys;" "stamps;"
"wrapping paper;" "twine;" "letter-balances;"
"post-marking and oanceling stamps;" "office
furniture;" "advertising;" "balances to foreign
countries;" "rent, light, and fuel for post offices;"
"stationery;" and "miscellaneous."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five, of
section forty-four, to strike out the words
"the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing section after section foriy-four:
Sec. 45. And be it farther enacted. That postmas-
ters (except in cases where tho post office building-
is the property of or is leased by the United States)
may allow box-holders who desire to do so to pro-
vide lock boxes or drawers for their own use, at
their own expense, which look boxes or drawers,
upoa their erection in any P03t office shall become
the property of tho United States, and b" subject to
the direction and control of tho Post Office Depart-
ment, and shall pay a rental at least equal to that
of other boxes in the same office, or, if there be no
other boxes in such office, of boxes in other offices
of the same class, which rental shall be accounted
for as other box rents; but no postmaster shall bo
required to account for moneys received from indi-
viduals for the purpose of purchasing and erecting
said lock boxes or drawers, as part of his postal
receipts, under section forty-four of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [sixty]
sixty-one, after the word "printed," inline
two, to insert the words "and mailable;" and
in line three, after the word "matter," to insert
"of the third class;" so as to make thesection
read:
Sec. [60] 61. And be it further enacted. That the
Postmaster General may provide, by regulations, for
the disposition of printed and mailable matter of
the third class which may remain in any post office,
or in the Department, not called for by the party
addressed; but if the publisher of any refused or
uncalled-for newspaper or other periodical shall pay
the postage due thereon, such newspaper or other
periodical shall be excepted from the operation of
this section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [sixty-
one] sixty-two, to strike out in line five the
words " unless the postmaster shall otherwise
order;" in line six, to strikeout the word
"him " and insf:rt " said postmasterin line
seven, after the word "his," to insert "old;"
and at the end of the section to add " unless
he shall at the tirue of payment expressly direct
it to be applied to his credit under the new
bond ;" so as to make the section read:
Sec. [61] 62. And be it further enacted. That when
any postmaster shall be tequired to execute a new
bond all payments made by him after the execution
of such new bond may. at the option of the Post-
master General or the Auditor, be applied first to
discbarge any balance which may be due from said
postmasterunder his old bond, unlessheshall at the
time of payment expressly direct it to be applied to
his credit under the new bond.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [sixty-
seven] sixty eight, lines eleven and twelve, to
strike out tbe word3 "acceptance of the new
bond, the date of which acceptance shall be
indorsed thereon," and to insert in lieu thereof
the words "last day of the quarter in which
such new bond shall be executed ;" so as to
make tbe section read:
Skc. [67] 68. And be it further enacted. That when
any of the sureties of a postmaster shall notify the
Postmaster General of their desire to be released
from their suretyship, or when the Postmaster Gen-
eral deems anew bond necessary, he shall require
the postmaster to execute such new bond, with se-
curity, which, when accepted by the Postmaster
General, shall bo as valid as tho bond given upon
the original appointment of such postmaster, and
the sureties in the prior bond shall be released from
responsibility for all acts or defaults of sucb post-
master whi6h may be done or committed subsequent
to the last day of the quarter in which such new
bond shall be executed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike ont of
section [eighty-one] eighty-two the words " to
be divided into five classes, exclusive of the
postmaster at New York city, whose salary
shall be $6,000 per annum. The salary,"
and in lieu thereof to insert "the postmaster
of New York city shall receive a salary of
$6,000 per annum. All other post offices shall
be divided into five classes. The salaries of
postmasters at offices:" so as to make the sec-
tion read:
Sec. [81] 82. And o>-rnncled, That the com-
pensation of postmasters shall be a fixed annual
salary. The postirustcr of New York city shall re-
ceive a salary of $0,000 per annum. All other post
offices shall be divided into five classes. The salary
of postmasters at ofliccs of tbo first class shall be not
more than $1,000 nor less than $3,000; of tbe second
class, lei-s than $;i,000 but not less tuao $2,000; of the
third class, less than $2,000 but not less than 81,000;
of the fourth class, less than $1,000 but not less than
$100; of the fifth class, less than $100; and tbe sala-
ries of the first, second, and third olaases shall be in
