mo
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLO&E.
Februaiy 4,
tbeless lives, technically, in another township,
while if I send to a man In another direction
I may send a much greater distance and he is
still within the city limits.
If I pat on my letter a two-cent stamp, it
being really and geographicallythe same city,
but crossing an imaginary line, why is it that
he should be compelled to pay upon that-letter
as much postage as if no postagehad been paid
at all? Why should he not be allowed to pay
the residue of the postage with, if yoii please,
something added, so as not to create a tempt-
ation to send letters without being paid? Why
should not that be, and why could it not be-
without involving anything like the hazard of
the prepayment system which grows out of the
present condition of things, under which I may
mail a package the postage of which would be
fifty cents, and by putting upon it a three-cent
stamp, leave the forty-seven cents to beeol-
lected from the man to whom it is addressed ?
I confess that I do not see that.
If the Senator answers me by saying that the
word " rate " as it occurs in line five of section
one hundred and fifty-two is not construed by
the Post Office Department to mean an entire
rate, then I say to him as a matter of fact I am
informed otherwise. I am told the Postmaster
General holds that if a resident of the city of
New York addresses a drop letter (if I jnay
apply that term to it) to a resident of the city
of Brooklyn, and puts upon it atwo-eentstamp,
when that letter reaches its destination, three
cents must be paid—not one cent, which would
make the three-cent postage, but three cents,
so that the postage to'which the letter has been
subjected is five cents in all; whereas if the
same letter is addressed to a man who lives
any where south of King's Bridge, it would go
twelve miles for two cents, and there would be
nothing remaining to be paid.
Mr. RAMSEY. The two-cent postage on
a drop letter would not carry it out of the city
of New York.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, what doestheSen-
ator say would be the fate of a letter addressed
in New York to a man in Brooklyn, and two
cents postage affixed upon it under this pro-
posed provision?
Mr. RAMSEY. It would not be transmitted
at all.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that right?
Mr. EAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Where would it go to
in'the end?
Mr. RAMSEY. It would go to the dead-
letter office
Mr. CONKLING. Of course. Isthat right?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, that is right.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, let me present the
case to the Senator, to see if we understand it
alike, and then let us see whether he will say
it is right. Is it right that a two-eent postage
stamp placed upon a letter, which is intended
to carry it not more than two miles from the
post office in the city of New York, should
send that letter to the dead-letter office and
nowhere else, and that a three-cent postage
stamp put upon a package, which would re-
quire fifty cents of postage to carry it, should
take the package to the man to whom it is
addressed, leaving him to receive it and pay
the postage or to refuse it, just as he pleases?
Is that right?
Mr. RAMSEY. It may not be absolutely
right, Mr. President, but there must be some
line of demarkation drawn somewhere. Out
of regard to the mistakes of the people, the Post
Office Department do agree to convey a letter,
although the postage upon it is not fully paid, if
one full rate is paid, showing that the party was
honestly intending to pay his postage. But
suppose you break down this barrier entirely;
then, instead of hereafter receiving, as you
ought to receive if you wish to carry out postal
reforms and reduce postage at all, three cents,
you would receive upon every letter but one or
two cents. If you carry it out that is what it
will result in.
Mr. CONKLING. But if my honorable
friend will allow me, I do not understand him
in this respect It seems to,me he is straining
at a gnat and swallowing a camel. How can
it be that he throws the Post Office open to the
whole nation to send anything people please
anywhere they please without prepayment, and
then says that the only persons restricted shall
be those who want to put in drop-letters, so to
speak, letters going1 in the immediate neigh-
borhood, the numbet of which is comparatively
small, and the rate of- postage' upon which is
the lowest rate we'know?' What is the sense
of saying that I may send letters from Maine
to California without prepayment, if I only
put one tenth or one twentieth of the amount
of the required stamp upon them, and they
shall go ; but if I want to send a drop-letter,
though I put two thirds the value of the stamp
required on it, it shall not go- at all but shall
bring, op in the dead-letter office?'
Mr. RAMSEY. With the same propriety,
if you come to absolute right, you- might ask
why you should pay three cents for carrying a
letter from New York to Brooklyn when your
neighbor pays but three cents for carrying a
letter to Califbrniai
Mr. CONKLING. T-hat is a question of an
entirely different nature, giving rise to different
considerations. The Senator might ask me,
why do men commit murders,'and why does
not every man say his prayers every night and
every morning, and on a proper occasion I
should discuss with him the deplorable fact
that those prayers are not said as he thinks
they ought to be. We are talking now about
this particular thing; and, after his explana-
tion, I am unable to see any_distinction except
that which beara against his proposition. If it
be right that people may send everywhere else
mailable matter, paying almost nominal post-
age in advance, it cannot be right that they
shall not be allowed to sfend mailable matter
in their immediate neighborhood although they
pay two thirds of the postage in advance. I
say that that is not only arbitrary; it is not
only without a reason to stand upon ; but it is
a distinction made in the unmistakable direc-
tion of injustice. To say to the man who may
be ignorant, unaccustomed to correspondence,
that if he puts his letter in the post office in
the city of New York, having paid two thirds
of the legal postage upon it. and all the post-
age as he supposed, that letter shall go to the
dead-letter office, but that every man who
wants to correspond abroad may send all over
the country, having purposely abstained from
putting upon his letter more than a small frac-
tion of the postage, is the creation of a dis-
tinction, I repeat, without reason, as it seems
to me, and founded in injustice.
Now, I ask the Senator, if there be no other
objection to this than the one he has stated, to
suggest himself, if he will, an amendment the
effect of which shall be to requiredropletters,
so to speak, letters going in the immediate
neighborhood, to contain a stamp of more
than half the required postage, if you please,
and then allow the residue to be collected on
delivery.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator mistakes what
a drop-letter is. A drop-letter is a letter to be
delivered within the delivery of the particular
office in which it is placed.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware of that, and
I know that in a certain sense I use the phrase
inaccurately, though I beg the Senator to bear
this in mind: people living in the city of Utica
do not distinguish between a letter to go half
a mile in one direction to a man^ and a letter
to go three miles in another direction to a
man; and in the city of New York they do not
distinguish between sending a letter from the
post office to King's Bridge, which is twelve
miles, and sending it m the other direction
one mile. On the contrary, people-not famil-
iar with the matter, I am told, in large num-
bers, are accustomed to consider a letter that
does not go more than a mile or two from the
pcfsf offlse tfsf a drop-letter, whether it'gates'in
one direction or in another. That is the diffi-
culty about it. Now, I propose to the Senator
to do this: to make the postage upon such let-
ters as we are discussing four cents, for exam-
ple; in place of five; to punish a man who
receives a letter which I call, for this purpose,
a drop-letter, not more than one cent in excess
of the legal postage?, in place of punishing him
twweents-in eifcess; and if a letter is mailed in
New York to'go to Brooklyn, carrying'a stamp
of two cents, require a stamp of two ccntrmore^
to be put upon it by the other' rrtan, or* two
cents-to be paid in morfiy when he receives it,
botfdo not'send the letter to the dead-letter
office and refuse to allow it to gci in the mail
upon any terms, when, if it werfe sent to oay
greater distance, you would allow it to gtt and
allow it to be received without any penalty
whatever.
In order to test the sense; of the Settate'upen
this point, I will make a suggestion which I
hope the honorable Senator from Minnesota
will accept. I propose to strike out the word
"rate" in the fifth line and insert the'woiff
"portion;" so that the reading will be this:
"that all mail matter deposited for mailing,
paid ouly in part, shall be forwarded to its
destination charged with the unpaid portion,
to be collected on delivery." And if the Sen-
ator thinks that that creates too much induce-
ment not to prepay, then let us add a proviso
restricting- it to those cases where' more than
half the postage shall have been prepaid; or,
as my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter]
suggests, a proviso restricting it to cases where
the letter does not go more tban three or five
miles, or any distance from the office which
the honorable Senator from Minnesota thinks
would be a prudent distance'.
Mr. RAMSEY. To introduce tbese amend-
ments would be to break in upon the'simplicity
and uniformity of this whole system of money
charge forthe transportation of letters. I ant
aware that difficulties may arise such as the
Senator from New York has suggested; but
when you eousiderbow much service we do for
three cents, I think it is not unreasonable that
the law should be allowed to remain as it has
been for a long time on the statute-books, and
with which the mass of the people are familiar.
It is possible that some one through ignorance
may have been entrapped into the condition
which the Senator suggests; but the people gen-
erally are familiar with the fact that a three-
cent stamp must go npon a letter to carry it to
its destination. Now, why compel them to un-
learn this simple lesson, which isso profitable ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to tender to my
friend from Minnesota the thanksof the coun-
try for his present conservative tendencies on
behalf of the Post Office laws. We had looked
upon him as a great innovator and reformer.
We welcome him back into the ranks of the
conservatives on this question. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. I am simply seeking to pre-
serve what is proper and what the people have
become accustomed to. I hope the Senator
from New York will not divide the Senate at
this time, butwill let us go on with the bill, and
when we have got through with its reading and
with the amendments of the committee, he can
propose his amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Buck-
ingham in the chair.) Does the Senator from
New York move the amendment which he has
suggested ?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to move
it at any time inconvenient to the honorable
Senator from Minnesota; but at some time,
as my attention has been callod to this matter,
I shall certainly urge on the Senate to find a
reason, if it can, for saying that people who
live near a post office shall be treated in a way
not applied to anybody else; in a way which
reverses the uniform principle of the Post
Office law.
Mir. RAMSEY, The treatment is uniform
all over the United Slates.
