962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
any reports this session. I therefore ask nnan-
imous consent that the session of Thursday
evening of next week be given to that commit-
tee for making reports. *
Mr. O'NEILL. Let the gentleman defer
that request until Monday next, when the House
is lull.
.Mr. DIXON, of Rhode Island. Why not now?
Mr. O'NEILL. My colleague, Mr.-Kan-
who is not at this moment in "the Hatt,
takes a great interest ia some matters before
that committee, and I promised him that I"
would object on his behalf to any arrangement
of ihis kind should he not be present.-
Mr. DIXON, of Rhode Island. Those mat-
ters need not be reported then.
Mr. O'NEILL. I do not- think it is worth
while to make that order now.
Mr. DIXON) of Rhode Island. Does the
gentleman object?
Mr. O'NEILL. I object; yes.
A. A. DE LOXG.
Mr. J OHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to the Committee of Claims Senate
bill No. 659, for the relief of A. A. De Long.
The SPEAKER. With the understanding
fhat the same shall not be brought back into
the House by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
BOUTllERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. MAYNARD, I desire at this time, in
order that my remarks may appear in the
Globe, to call the attention of gentlemen here
to the fact that there is" upon the Speaker's
table a bill from the Senate known as the
Southern Pacific railroad bill. Those of us
who live in that portion of the country are
exceedingly desirous to have a southern Pacific
railroad bill become a law at the present
session.
.Mr. HOLMAN. What is before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. MayxardJ asks unanimous con-
sent to make a statement.
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill now on the table
of the Speaker would probably suit some gen-
tlemen better if it underwent some modifica-
tions. For that reason I do not think it proper
to invite the House to pass that bill in its pres-
ent shape; but I desire to state that on Mon-
day next, if I can obtain the floor for the
purpose, I shall ask consent to have that bill
taken from the Speaker's table and referred to
the Committee on the Paeifie Railroad, with
liberty to report it back at any time after some
day certain, perhaps the 20th of this month.
Mr. RANDALL. That will require a two-
tliirils vote.
'ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee merely gives notice that on Monday
next he will make the motion he indicates.
JUDICIAL DISTKICTS OF ILLINOIS.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2937) to divide
the State of Illinois into three judicial districts,
anil for other purposes ; whieh was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it understood that
these bills are referred not to be brought back
by motions to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. That will be the under-
standing in regard to all references of this
character.
V. AND J. HANNEGAN AND OTHERS. •
Mr. KERR, I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on the Judiciary
a bill, for consideration at this time, for the
relief of Charles Cooper. Goshorn A.Jones,
Jerome Rowley, William Hannegan, and John
Hannegan.
The bill was read. It provides that Charles
Cooper, Goshora A. Jones, Jerome Rowley,
William Hannegan, and John Hannegan shall
be released and discharged from all liability to
the United States under and by reason of their
bond executed thereto-to secure the faithful
performance by the said William Hannegan
and J:ohn Hannegan of their contract with
the Government of the United States for the
improvement of D<js Mottles rapids, of the
Mississippi river in the State of Iowa, and
that the action at law now pending in the ;
circuit court of the United States for the
sixth circuit and northern district of Ohio
to enforce said bond be discontinued by the
proper officer of the Government, at the costs i
of the defendants. .
Mr. BURCHAItD. Is this bill introduced
for consideration or reference?
The SPEAKER. It is reported from the j
Committee on the Judiciary for consideration '
at the present time. ■
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, this bill is re- .
ported-with the unanimous approval of the ■
committee. It is intended to obviate the objec-
tions of the President in his veto message
dated January 4,1871, to House bill No. 1395.
bearing the same title as this bill, which passed
the Senate and House at the last session. The
subject-matter of the bill was at that session ;
very folly and carefully examined by the Judi- ;
ciary Committee, and they considered the relief ,
proposed by that bill to be distinctly and emi-
rtently just and proper to be granted. The first
objection made by the President is that the
court in which the action is pending is not
correctly indicated, and the objection is good,
and the bill I now offer removes it. The other
objection is that the bill No. 1395 gives to the ,
persons named therein not only relief against
the demand of the Government, which is the
basts of the action referred to, but also author-
izes them to prosecute an action in the Court
of Claims against the Government for any claim
they may have under or on account of their
contract. The Judiciary Committee accept this
objection, and in the bill I offer it is removed
by entirely omitting the proviso in the original
bill which gave to the contractors the right to
maintain that action in the Court of Claims, i
I think that now there can be no question made
either as to the propriety and justice or the
form of this bill.
Mr. Speaker, if any gentleman desires fur-
ther to ascertain the facts in reference to the
origin of this bill, they can be found very fully
stated in the Congressional Globe, volume sev-
enty-seven, pages 2-549 and following. The ori-
ginal bill was really based upoi. the testimony
and recommendation of General John H. Wil-
son, of the engineer corps, under who^e super-
vision the contract was made and the work
done. I hope it will pass in the form in which
I now offer it, without further objection.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 2986) was received and read a first and
second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engr ssed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also movr.'1
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OATII OP or?ICS.
Mr. MOREY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. 14. No. 2935) to prescribe an
oath of office, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider.
SALE OF WAR VESSELS, ETC.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a resolution to which I think
there will be no objection.
The resolution was read as follows:
Whereas, on the Kth day of Deeoraber, 1870, the
following resolution was unanimously adopted by
the Hoove of Representative* of the baited.Stilt*,
to wit: Itemised, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby instructed to report to this House,
in detail, what moneys, if any. bare been corered
into the Treasury of the United States resulting:
from the sale of United State* vessels of war. trans-
ports, and other vessels, during and since the con-
clusion of the lato war of the rebellion, and by what
authority said sales were made; also what sums of
money resulting from the sales of munitions of war
of all kinds captured from or surrendered by tbo
confederates daring the late rebellion have been
covered into the Treasury: also what snnis of
money resulting from the sales of cotton seized or
captured during and since the conclusion of the
late war of the rebellion have been covered into
the Tj-easury; and what sums of money recalling
from any sales of cotton are now held on depart
in the Treasury;" and whereas, for some cause
unexplained, the Secretary of the Treasury has
wholly failed to furnish the information called for
in said resolution: Therefore,
iU: it resolved. That the Clerk oftbis House be, and
he is hereby, instructed to address a note t  the
Secretary of the Treasury, calling his attention to
the fact that said resolution remains unanswered,
and in the name of the House request him to fur-
nish the information required in said resolution at
Ills earliest convenience,
Mr. JUDD. I object.
ItBMOVAL OF CATTSB3.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary a bill (II. R. No. 2727) regulating tho
removal of actions from State to United States
courts.
Mr. JENCKES. By consent of the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] I move the
amendment which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after iho enacting clausc, and insert
the following:
That the right of removing causes from the State
courts to the courts of the United States conferred
upon defendants in certain cases by the act enti-
tled "An act for the removal of causes in eertum
j cases from State courts," approved July 27. 1& .
I and tho act in amendment thereof, approved March
i 2.1867, and by the second section of the act approv ed
j July 27,18<W, entitled "An act supplementary to an
i act entitled 'An act to allow the United State* to
; prosecute appeals and writs of error without sivinx
< security, and forother purposes,'"shall be exercised
I only at the time when the defendant who claims
1 such right shall make or enter his appearance in
the cause in the State court; and the provisions of
, said act which authorise any such defendant to in—
j; stitutc proceedings lor the removal of any such f:! n-e
'! after he shall hare entered his appearance thereia
;! in the State court, are hereby repealed.
; I Sec. 2. And be it fxtrthereuncted, That if any defend-*
'! ant who has complied with the condition-* of said
acts as hereby amended for the removal of his cause
from the court of any State to the circuit court of
the United States shall fail to enter said cause, and
file the papers therein in such circuit court on tho
first day of its term neit following the orde; of
removal of the same from the State court, his bond
shall be forfeited, and the State court may resume
jurisdiction over said cause and proceed to final judg-
ment thereon in the same manner and with the.-auio
effect as if such proceedings for renewal had not
been instituted.
Sec: 3. And he it further enacted. That so much of
said act of March 2.1&37, as authorises the plaintiff
in any action in a State court to remove the samo to
the court of the United States is hereby repealed.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, Thut proceedings
forthc removal of causcs now pending in the State
courts under the acts aforesaid may be omumi-nced
within six months from the date of the a|'pruval ot"
this actand not afterward ; and the repeat Dig clauses
of this actshall not operate upon such proceedings in
any sueh eases within said period.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope the
gentleman who reports this bill will state to
the House what it means. It may be clear to
legal gentlemen ; but to others of us it is not
so clear. I would like to know whether it has
any bearing on political questions.
Mr. JENCKES. Not in the least. It limits
the right of removal as to the limit of apply-
ing for it to what it was under the act of 178!).
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
