1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
case of the same kind came before court imme-
diately after Mr. Adams's case, and that was
sent down to have the question of fact determ-
ined. Having grown wise on Mr. Adams's
case, they decided the next one differently;
and the case being sent down to have the ques-
tion of fact determined, it was determined
against the court, Mr. Adams's case having
been thoughtlessly determined. That matter
was not made a point before the Court of
Claims or in the Supreme Court. Nobody
expected that the Supreme Court would base
its decision upon any such point. It is for
this reason that Mr. Adams comes to Congress
and asks us to pay him what we agreed to pay
him ten years ago, and what he has earned.
Mr. COBB, of Wisconsin. I desire to ask
tlie gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] to state to the House the names of the
gentlemen who constituted the commission to
which he has referred. I wish him also to
state whether, in his opinion, they made an
unfair and ex parte arbitration of this matter.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Those gentlemen have
stated that their report to the War Department
was ex parte; that Mr. Adams would have
nothing to do with them. That commission
expired on the 2d day of January, but it did
not take up his case until the 4th of January,
two days after the commission had expired.
I am not charging that that commission did
anything wrong. I know they were men of
high character. I only say that the witnesses
they called before them as to the value of the
work made no allowance for two things I have
stated. Their testimony was fair enough if
they had included some things which they have
omitted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say that the
committee on Government contracts in 1861-62
did not examine this claim. They were at
St. Louis engaged in extensive examinations,
but they did not examine into the contract
between Mr. Adams and the Government
authorities at St. Louis and General Fremont.
The only commission which examined it was
the commission appointed by the War Depart-
ment. For a fair understanding of the case
that report ought to be before the House, and
I have sent to the Library for it.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me to offer this sub-
stitute. It will answer my objections, while
it will not send the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the resolving clause and in lieu
thereof insert the following :
That there be paid to Theodore Adams, out of any
money hereafter to be appropriated for that purpose,
the sum of $112.7-18 76, in full for all claims under his
contract with the Government of the United States
for the construction of thirty-eight mortar-boats and
eight steam-tugs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That will not send it to
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and I will allow it to be
offered. I demand the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the previous question is
not sustained, will it not be in order to move
to refer the joint resolution to the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on the demand for the previous
question and cut off all further debate.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
61, noes 30; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Scofield and Mr.
Bexjamin.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 01, noes 28.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The substitute was agreed to; and the joint
resolution, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a,third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BECK. At what time was this claim
passed by the Court of Claims?
Mr. SCOFIELD. March 18, 1867.
Mr. BECK. My object in asking is this:
by the act of 1864 parties themselves had the
right to testify in the Court of Claims. That
was repealed in 1868. Did not this claim pass
against the report of the commission by the
testimony of the man himself?
Mr. SCOFIELD. It was mainly passed on
the testimony of the very men who were before
the commission, and who had before omitted
certain things.
Mr. BENJAMIN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 59, not voting
74; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams. Allison, Ames, Archer,
Bailey, Banks, Beaman, Bennett, Benton, Bingham,
Blair, Bowen, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley,
Buffinton, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Calkin, Cessna. Churchill. WilliamT. Clark. Clinton
L. Cobb.Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cook, Cowles, Cox,
Cullom, Degener, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon,
Doekery. Donley, Dyer, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry,
Fisher, Fitch, Haldeman.Hale, Hawley, Hoar, Hoge,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotcnkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Long. Loughridge, Mc-
Crary, MeKee, Mereur, muripr, Morey, Samuel P.
Morrill, Negley, Orth, Packer, Palmer, Peters,
Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomerov, Porter, Prosscr,
Rainey, Rogers. Sanford, Sargent, Schumaker, Sco-
field, Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Slocum, John A.
Smith, Joseph S. Smith, Starkweather. Stevens,
Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strader, Strickland,
Swann, Sypher, Taffe. Tanner, Tillman, Townsend,
Voorhees, Wells, Wilkinson, and Wolf—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell, Asper, Atwood,
Barry, Beatty, Bethune, Biggs, Bird, Booker, Boyd,
Burcbard, Burr, Amasa Cobb, Creb3, Dickinson, Dox,
Duke, Duval, Eldridge, Finkelnburg, Fox. Getz, Gib-
son, Hamill, Hawkins, Hay, Holman, Thomas L.
Jones, Kerr, Lawrence, Lewis, Manning, Marshall,
Mayharn, McCormick, McGrew, MeNeely, Eliakim
H. Moore, William Moore. Morgan, in iblack. Peck,
Rice. Roots, Sawyer, Strong, Sweeney, Trimble,
Tyner, TJpson, Van Auken, Van Trump, William B.
Washburn, Williams, Winans, Winchester, Witcher,
and Woodward—59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Armstrong, Axtell, Ayer,
Barnum, Beck, Benjamin, Boles, Jam esBrooks, Bur-
dett. Cake, Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Corker, Dar-
rall, Dawes, Dickey, Ela, Garfield,Gilfillan.GriswoId,
Height, Hambleton, Hamilton, Harris, Hays, Heflin,
Hill, Johnson, Knott, Laflin, Lash. Logan, Lynch,
Maynard, McCarthy, McKenzie, Jesse H. Moore,
Morphis, Daniel J. Morrell, Morrissey, Mnngen,
Myers, Newsham, O'Neill, Packard, Halberfc E.
Paine, William W.Paine, Perce,Potter, Price. Ran-
dall. Reeves. Lionel A. Sheldon, Sherrod. Shober,
William J. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Stiles,
Stone, Taylor, Twicheil, Van Horn, Van Wyck,
Wallace, "Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker,
Wheeler, Whitmore, Willarcl, Eugene M. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—7 L
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to state that I
am paired with my colleague, Mr. Myers. If
he were here he would vote '' ay," and I would
vote " no."
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am paired with Mr.
Dickey, of Pennsylvania. If he were here he
would vote " ay," and I would vote " no."
Mr. WILLARD. I am paired with Mr.
O'Neill, of Pennsylvania., If he were here
he would vote " ay," and I would vote " no."
Mr. CHURCHILL. I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Wheeler, has been absent
from the city since Wednesday last ia conse-
quence of severe illness in his family.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
aud also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
a. r. cutter.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a joint resolution (H.
E. No. 490) for the relief of Paymaster George
F. Cutter; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment to credit George F. Cutter, paymaster in
the United States Navy, with the sum of $2-54
in coin now checked against him on the books
of that Department, being the amount stolen
from the funds of the United States on board
the steamer Piseataqoa, in the harbor of Yoko-
hama, Japan, in September, 1868.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before the previous ques-
tion is seconded I think we should have some
explanation of this joint resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. It is a very small matter,
and if the gentleman will give me his atten-
tion I will state the whole facts in a moment.
In September, 1868, the treasury chest on
board the steamer Piscataqna was broken
into and $254 of Mexican coin stolen from
the steamer. The parties who committed the
theft were tried, convicted, and sent to the pen-
itentiary. The paymaster was exonerated by
the court from all blame, and, according to
the usual custom in such cases where the loss
otherwise would fall on an innocent party,
we have recommended that this money should
be paid.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william jonbs.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back the
petition of William Jones, praying for relief
for the loss of a vessel in the harbor of Mobile,
together with cargo of provisions; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
crew OF TUB emily.
Mr. PLATT, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back the petition of the crew
of the steamer Emily for pay while in rebel
prisons; and the same was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
caspar schenck.
Mr. PLATT, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported adversely on the claim of
Paymaster Caspar Sclieuck, United States
Navy ; and the same was laid on the table.
george a. stevens.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a joint resolution (H. R. No.
491) for the restoration of Lieutenant Com-
mander George A. Stevens to the active from
the retired list; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of-the Senate, to
appoint George A. Stevens to the active list
of the Navy, with the rank of lieutenant com-
mander.
Mr. HALE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HALE nioved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reeonsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john n. quackenbusu.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to move that the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 238) for the relief of
