1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
eral Grant, and speak the same manly and
Christian sentiments which the Speaker of Par-
liament addressed to James I on a memorable
occasion:
" I will put you in mind of a story which Tally re-
lates out of Thucydides. The Thebans having over-
come theLacedgemonians,in memory thereof erected
a brazen trophy. A complaint was made before the
Amphictyonic council that by that trophy the mem-
ory of their civil discord was made eternal. Their
judgment was that it should bo abolished, because
it was not fitting that any record should remain of
discord between Greek and Greek."
When the Roman senate begged Tiberius to
erect an altar of vengeance commemorating
the death of Piso,who fell in civil strife, that
monarch replied:
"Monuments should commemorate foreign con-
quests, not domestic calamities/'
When Csesar, ever clement, because great,
came from the overthrow of Cato at Utica,
he celebrated four triumphs, but avoided all
reference to his chief achievement; for in Spain
aad Thessaly he had routed Roman legions!
It is the mark of a Christian nation to forgive
injuries. When I recur to the vindictive speech
just made by my friend from Ohio [Mr. Law-
rence] I am utterly astouuded. He called, in
loud, vindictive, cruel tones and spirit for ua
first-class funeral" of a hundred rebel corpses
after the war! And this six years after civil
strife! Where was he educated? Did he ever
attend Sunday school? [Laughter.] Did he
ever attend or belong to a Christian church?
Did he ever understand the distinguishing fea-
tures of our Christian system? Where did he
learn these lessons of the lex talionis f It is not
Christian, Hebraic, or Pagan. He is neither,
judging by his spirit and language. I would
like his attention while I read to him a homily
from the kind and quaint Christian teacher,
Sir Thomas Browne. The gentleman gives
me his attention to this lesson on " Christian
morals:"
"Answer noton the spurof fury, and benot prod-
igal or prodigious m revenge. Supererogate not in
the wor-t sense,and overdo not tne necessities yf
evil. Humor not the injustice of revenge!"—
To this sentence I call the attention of my
friend who yearns for funerals—
''for many th&ro be to whom a dead enemy smells
well, and who find musk and amber in revenge."
[Laughter.]
"The ferity ofsucb. minds holds no rule in retalia-
tions, requir ing too often a head tor a tooth. But
patient meekness takes injuries like pills, not chew-
ing', but swallowing them down, laconically suffer-
ing; while angered pride makes a noise likellomer-
leian Mars"—
or the gentleman from Ohio, [laughter]—
Mat every scratch of offenses. If thou must needs
have thy revenge on thine enemy, with a hott tongue
break his bones, heap coals of fire on his head, and
enioy it. To forgivoour enemicsis atharming way
of revenge, laying your enemies at your feet under
sorrow, shauie, :ujd repentance, leaving your iocs
your ti iend^, and solicitously inclined lo grateful re-
taliation^. Common forcible ways make not an end
ot evil, but leave hatred and malice behind them.
An enemy 'bus reconciled in hifleto bo trusted, .-is
wanting the foundation ot love and charity, and but
for a time restrained by disadvantage or inability."
Now, I appeal to the gentleman from Ohio,
quoting still from the same sweet and quaint
author, "if he has not mercy t« others, not to
be cruel to himself j not to ruminate, as he has
to-day, upon evils, or to make critical notes
upon injuries, or to be too acute in apprehen-
sions, lor it is only to add lo his own torture,
to feather the arrow of*iiis etiemies, and to
restore to sleep no more; for injuries long
dwelt on take away at lar.t all rest, and he
sleeps but like llegulus who busieth his head
aboutthem." Thus would 1 read the Christian
lesson, inspired by Him who spake as never
man spake. Thus would I commend to the
gentleman from Ohio a rest from his labors
in the politics of hate—a sleep, a rest of Chris-
tian kindness, aloof from the carking care of
politics.
Mr. LAWRENCE. May I interrupt my
friend?
Mr. COX. I would invite my friend to be
n Christian in the best sense, to come up to
the anxious bench, [laughter] 
Mr. LAWRENCE. _ I would like 
Mr. COX. If my friend will proceed to the
front, to the Clerk's desk, and kneel, we will
have a prayer for his conversion from heathen-
ism, [laughter;] and we will do more, we
will have a love-feast and class meeting over his
conversion to the Christian faith. [Laughter.]
But, Mr. Speaker, I am not hopeful of my
friend's conversion till he joins a Christian
church or the Democratic party.
To be generous and clement, Mr. Speaker,
is a part of the nobility of human nature. It
is in one sense the highest philosophy for self-
preservation to be just and kind. It is not
only noble and selfish at once, but knightly to
the highest degree of refinement. The paladin
in the tournament who, discomfited, lowered
his lance before the adversary, ever received a
generous hand to lift him up. When Rome
was racked by civil war, Cicero summed up the
duty of the patriot in an appeal to a new method
of conquering: fortify the republic with kind-
ness and liberality. Montesquieu received and
gave the same "spirit of the laws" when he
said the rebellion but not the rebels should
be destroyed. All rebels ought to return as
soon as possible into the usual track of the
Government.
But the best lesson for leniency is found in
the events which followed the great English
civil war. Charles II was restored because of
his liberal proclamation at Breda. He gave
his kingiy word that "no crime shall ever rise
in judgment to the least endamagement of life,
liberty, and estate." ITe conjured them to a
perfect union. Cavalier and Roundhead cm-
braced, and the realm was happy—for a time.
The kingly word was broken; and the new
revolution of 1688 came in like a flood.
England forgot, as we have forgotten, this
lesson. England lost America because she
forgot it; and the South is pinned even yet to
the Union by bayonets because w© have for-
gotten it.
There are cases of mistaken though subli-
mated heroism, which, though accounted trea-
son, it is best to look at from a political and
not from a criminal stand-point. The royal-
ists would have saved Harrison, Scott, Carew,
and others in 1G60, had not these men, with true
Puritan courage, appealed, even as our rebels
appealed, to the Great Judge. Who that has
read Hume's tribute to General Harrison will
forget the great courage and elevation of senti-
ment " with which he met the court?" (Hume,
vii, page 015.)
I call the attention of my Puritan friends to
this recital from a royalist writer. I ask that
the lesson be applied to them and their con
sciences, and to the South:
" Can any one, without concern for human blind-
ness and ignoiance, consider the demeanor of Gen-
eral Harrison, who was first brought to his trial? j
With great courage and elevation of sentiment ho
told the court that the pretended crime of which he
stood accused was not a deed performed in a corner ; !
the f^ound of it had gone forth to most nations, and l|
in the singular and marvelous conduct of it had. I:
chiefly appeiued the sovereign power of Heaven; j
that he himself, ascitated by doubts, had often, with !i
pas-iona to tears, offered up his addresses to the Divine
Majesty and earnestly sought lor light and convic-
tion; he had still received assurance of a heavenly
sanction, and returned from these devout supplica-
tions with more serene tranquillity and satisfaction;
that all the nations of the earth were, in the eyes of
theii Creator, less than a, drop ot water in the bucket; j
nor weie their erroneous judgments aught but dark- I
ness compared with the divine illuuiinatiuns; that ]
these frequent illapses of the divmo Spirit he could i
not suspect to be interested illusions, since he was i
conscious that for no temporal advantage would he 1
otter injiry to the poorest man or woman that trod I
upon the earth; that ail the allurements of arnbi- '
tion, all the terrors of imprisonment, had not been j
able, during the usurpation of Cromwell, to shake his
steady resolution or bend him to a compliance with \
that deceitful tyrant; and that when invited by hnn j
to sit on the right hand of the throne, when offered ;
riches and splendor and dominion, he hud disdain- j
fully rejected ail temptation1?, and neglecting the |
tears of his friends and family, had still, through
every danger, held fast his principles and his in-
tegrity.
In a wiser spirit than that of the Stuarts in
England, or the Georges in Scotland, the first
Napoleon,in 1795, endeavored to save Lafond,
and did save General Menou, even against their
own rash and romantic obstinacy.
It is said there are only a few exceptions in
this bill; but they are leaders, and the object
of such a bill is to placate their followers as
well. Contentment is the object, and not per-
sonal relief or personal revenge. Let us make
the people, South and North, united and
tranquil.
Mr. Burke summed up the philosophy and
practice of amnesty in his speech on " concil-
iation with America." Referring to the policy
pursued toward Wales, he said:
" Wales, within itself, was in perpetual disorder.
Benefit from it to the State there was none. Parlia*
ment endeavored to subdue the fierce spirit of the
Welch by all sorts of rigorous laws. You find no less
than fifteen acts of penal regulation on the subject
ot Wales.
" Hero wc rub our hands—a fine body of precedents
forthe authority of Parliament. I admit it fully; and
pray add likewiso to those precedents that all the
while Wales rode this kingdom like an incubus;
that it was an^ unprofitable and oppressive butden,
and that an Englishman traveling in that country
could not go six yards from the high road without
being murdered.
"The march of the human mind is slow. It was
not until after two hundred years discovered that,
by an eternal law, Providence hath decreed vexa-
tion to tyrants and poverty to rapine. But when
a different policy was inaugurated, from that mo-
ment, as by a charm, the tumults subsided, obedience
was restored; peace, order, and civilization followed.
When the day-star of the English constitution had
arisen in their hearts all was harmony within and
without."
The same effects would Lave followed am-
nesty in 1805 in this country. Agenerous plan
may still have the same benefits. But this bill
of proscription for the political errors of ten
years ago, and of amnesty for the criminals and
tools of reconstruction, the thieves, murder-
ers, perjurers, and spoilers of the South, under
the color of the reconstruction laws, will be as
ineffectual for good effects as the prescriptive
policy of Chailes II, after the magic of his
magnanimous word ; and as efficacious for bad
results to England as the policy of Lord North
toward the North American colonies.
Since the South have the spirit to accept we
should have the spirit to tender the offices
of kindness to all, especially to their leaders
of opinion. If they can, as they do, kiss the
old flag and reverence the fragments of the
Constitution which remain to us, they should
be rehabilitated. No more odious test-oaths,
no trades or compensations for grace. There
should be nothing alien to them which is for-
eign to us. There should be nothing domestic
to us to which they are not invited. Thus we
will plant seed where perfect leaves, flowers,
and fruit shall be ours, North and South, in
common. Let it be done without discrimina-
tions and spites. Let our bill be framed in
a spirit of kindness and faith, for these are
greater than power. They bring more happi-
ness than all the symbols of rank.
"Ilowe'er it bo, it soems lo mo
'Tis only noble to be good ;
Kind hearts are more than eoronets.
And simple faith than human blood."
The South has been its own Atropos ; but
let us help them to take up the several threads
and twine the tissues into a better national life.
But if all other lessons fail, from history, from
selfishness, from economy, from patriotism,
from magnanimity, there is one infallibleguido
to a duty like this.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX asked time to conclude his re-
marks; and in conclusion said: I thank the
House for their courtesy. 1 was about to con-
clude by saying, let us in our amnesty imitate
the divine Goodness. Let us overcome evil
with good. Let us bear and forbear. Revenge
only harms him who cherishes it. These are
the lessons of Him of Galilee—our great"
Teacher and Exemplar. They should be a
part of our inner and our outer life. 'I hey are
or should be the very root, bloom, and fra-
grance of our polity and civilization. _ They
teach us to make the same compact with the
