142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
South in ourcounsels and legislation which the
good Sir Thomas Browne, whom I have quoted
before, made with himself:
"Let not the sun in Capricorn go down on our
wrath. Let us write our wrongs in ashes; draw the
curtain of night upon injuries; shut them up in
the tower ot oblivion, and lot them be as though
they had not been. To forgive and yet hope that
God will punish our enemies is not to forgive
enough. To forgive and not pruy God to forgive, is
a partial piece of charity. Forgive thine enemies
totally, and without any reserve."
Our Saviour came to this star to teach this
lesson. In this spirit of Christian grace I
would move and vote to erase all the reser-
vations out, of this bill, and I would make it
what a " full" amnesty should be. a compact
of concord, a symbol of love, and a deed of
kindness worthy to be borne upward on the
wing of that simple and beautiful prayer of
our Lord whose tenor trembles with forgive-
ness toward our enemies even as we trust for
forgiveness toward ourselves.
Mr. MAYNARD obtained the floor.
duti13s on sugar.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, reported froin the Committee of
Ways and Means a bill (H. R. No. 2530) to
amend an act entitled "An act to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
July 14, 1870; which was read a first and
second lime, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to give notice that I propose to call up this bill
to-morrow morning for the purpose of putting
it on its passage, as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury thinks it important that the bill shall be
passed before the vacation.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
The bill was read. It proposes that section
twenty-one of the act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes, approved July 14,1870,
so far as it relates to sugar, bo amended so as
to read as follows:
On all sugamotabovenumberseven.Dutehstand-
aril in color, one and three quarter cents per pound.
On all sugar above number seven, Dutch stand-
ard in color, and on all other sugars not above num-
ber ten. Dutch standard in color, two cents per pound.
On all sugar above number ten, Dutch standard in
color, and notabovo number thirteen, Dutch stand-
ard it) color, two and ono quarter cents per pound.
On all sugar above number thirteen. Dutch stand-
ard in color, and not above number sixteen, Dutch
standard in color, two and three quarter cents per
pound.
On all sugar above number sixteen, Dutch stand-
ard in color, and not above number twenty, Dutch
standard in color, three and ono quarter'cents per
pound.
On all sugar above number twenty, Dutch stand-
ard in color, and on all refilled loaf, lump, crushed*
powdered, and granulated sugar, four cents per
pound: Provided, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall, by regulations, prescribe and require thi t
samples Irom packages of sugar shall bo taken by
the proper officers in such manner as to ascertain the
true quality of such sugar; and the weights of sugar
imp rted iu casks or boxes shall be marked dis-
tinctly by the custom-house weigher by scoring the
figures indelibly on each package: Provided, Xhat
allsirup ofsugar.sirup of sugar-cane juice, melada,
concentrated melada, or concentrated molasses, en-
tered under the name of molasses, shall be forfeited
to the United States.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. This bill
makes no change in the rates of duty ; its
object is to simplify the existing law so that
it may be distinctly understood, there being
now a difficulty as to its construction. I ask
that to morrow morning, immediately after
the reading of the Journal, this bill be con-
sidered as m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. NIBLACK. If it is to be considered
under the five-minute rule as in Committee of
the Whole, 1 shall make no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. I shall have
to object., us to uiorrow is private bill-day.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Let it be
considered afiei the morning hour.
Mr. WILSON, of Minnesota. To that I have
no objection.
Tin; SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be considered as iu Committee of
the Whole to morrow after the morning hour.
There was no objection.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. PORTER. I ask unanimous eonsentto
report from the select Committee on Recon-
struction, for consideration at the presenttime,
a bill to relieve certain persons of disabilities
under the fourteenth article of the amendment
to the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. FERRISS. I object.
amnesty—again.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 2278) for full and general
grace, amnesty and oblivion of all wrongful
acts, doings, or omissions of all persons en-
gaged in the war of the late rebellion.
Mr. MAYNARD addressed the House for
some time, and then yielded to
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, iftheRepub-
licans on this floor from the southern States
were agreed on this proposition, there is no
doubt their views would have great weight with
us from other States ; but as they differ very
radically, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] differing from some of his own
colleagues, and differing essentially from the
Republicans of the Gulf States, we are each
compelled to act as best we can amid these
conflicting opinions. I am unable to agree with
the gentleman to whose courtesy I owe the floor
in the propositions he advances; and I intend
for myself to vote for the substitute offered
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxs-
worth,] removing all political disabilities;
because I think—
First. That the pledge of the Republican
party to remove all disabilities as soon as the
public safety would allow meant what it said,
and that it is not necessary for the public safety
that these disabilities should be continued.
Second. Because the political power of ex-
rebels is not diminished by their incapacity to
hold office, as every one of them can vote at
any election. Any man elected by such men
is as dangerous to good government; as fully
represents their principles and purposes as
either of the disqualified individuals could.
Third. Because their exclusion from office
is a badge of distinction from a rebel stand-
point, is persecution and not punishment, and
enhances their influence for evil if they see
fit to exercise it.
Fourth. Because, as a mere party measure,
it is not bad policy to add a lew thousand to
the number of Democratic office-seekers while
adding nothing to the number of Democratic
voters.
Fifth. Because the men under disabilities
are not invariably, or even generally, the worst
of the late rebels; and heuce as a matter of
precaution, or even of justice, their exclusion
does not answer its avowed purposes.
Sixth. Because the people North and South
will better appreciate the purposes of the
Democratic party if they are allowed to bring
forward as their exponents the leading rebels,
as they naturally will.
Seventh. Bccause it is unrepublican to hold
any class of people under political disabilities.
Eighth. Because the Republican party is
great and noble and liberal enough to extend
mercy to all classes of citizens, and should add
this crowning act to its great and successful
war and reconstruction policy.
If the substitute fails I will vote for the
measure that makes the fewest exceptions, and
comes nearest to complete amnesty.
Mr. MAYNARD resumed the floor, and,
after further remarks, yielded to
Mr. "WIN AN S. Mr. Speaker, I desire to offer
an amendment to the amendment offered by the
gentleifian from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] to
the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck.] Before offering that amend-
ment i desire briefly, and in half a dozen sen-
tences, to say that I am in favor ot general
but not of universal amnesty, and therefore
1 am in favor of the first five exceptions in
this bill, i am in favor of general amnesty ;
not absolutely, but upon the condition of re-
pentance and reformation, and upon bringing
forth "fruits meet for repentance," in the
form of written confession of the crime and
prayer for absolution; and I would have the
evidence thereof as permanent and accessible
asif itwere in a s'atute of the United States.
I fully appreciate the remark of the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] here,
upon a former occasion, that " it is not proper
to cast pearls before swine," and I am not in
favor of gushingly relieving those who are under
disabilities, but in the spirit of Christianity,
which has been so highly eulogized by the,gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,] I am in
favor of relieving rebels only when they come
and ask for it. We are not bound to forgive
our enemies unless they desire to be forgiven
and ask for absolution. 1 offer the amendment
which I send .to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is any
further amendment now in order?
The SPEAKER. Is this the same amend-
ment which the gentleman proposed yester-
day?
Mr. WINANS. It is the one which I made
known to the Chair.
The SPEAKE R. It can come in as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,] whichisanamend-
ment in the first degree to the substitute of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
The amendment was received, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MAYNARD resumed and concluded his
remarks, which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLEli, of Massachusetts. I would
inquire when this bill will again coine up after
to-day, to-morrow being private-bill day ?
TheSPEAKER. To morrow being private-
bill day, during the morning hour committees
will be called for reports of a private nature.
The House has to-day, by unanimous consent,
ordered that at the expiration of the morning
hour to-morrow the bill reported to-day from
the Committee of Ways and Means I>y the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
shall be considered in the Housa as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. At two o'clock to mor-
row, it being the third Friday of the month, a
special rule of the House provides that the
Committee for the District of Columbia shall
be entitled to the remainder of the day, regard-
less of all other business. The Chair would
suggest that the probability is that after to day
this bill will not be again reached until next
Tuesday.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent that this bill be again taken up to-mor-
row.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. At what
hour ?
Mr. BINGHAM. At two o'clock.
ThesPEAKER. The Chair would very much
dislike to ask unanimous consent for such a
purpose in the absence of the chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, [Mr.
Cook.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then let
the bill go over till Tuesday morning by unan-
imous consent.
A Member. Why not Saturday?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But few
members would be m attendance on Satur-
day.
I he SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that unless some arrangement.be made for dis-
pensing with the session on Saturday this bill
might come up on that day, iu the absence,
perhaps, of a large number of members.
Mr. BUfLER, of Massachusetts. I move,
then, that when the House adjourns to-morrow
it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. _ I would like to inquire
whether the legislative appropriation bill has
not been made a special order for Tuesday
next?
Ihe SPEAKER. It has been made a special
