1871.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
969
of living is double what it is either in Oregon
or California. Now, there is no reason why
marshals and attorneys in Oregon and Cali-
fornia should receive double the fees that are
received by such officers in the Territories,
where, on the other hand, the expense of
living is double.
The question has been asked here if any of
these officers have resigned because of the
insufficiency of their salaries. Sir, I have
repeatedly known these officers to resign. I
know to-day that the marshals of several of
these Territories, with whom I am familiar,
do not receive fees enough to pay their current
expenses. They receive to-day for traveling
expenses only six cents per mile ; yet you
cannot travel there by stage for less than
twenty-five cents per mile, while horse-hire is
from two to three dollars per day, and the
expense of keeping a horse is as much more.
And to-day you cannot get men of responsi-
bility and reliability to fill these positions in
XcrritonfiSt
Mr. BENTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. BENTON. Is not this bill to give the
highest fees that are paid in any of the Terri-
tories?
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. It is
proposed to allow ten cents a mile for travel-
ing. I believe the allowance now is not ten
cents per mile.
Mr. BENTON. If any of these gentlemen
have resigned theirplaees I would like to know
it, for I have been trying for a long time to get
some one appointed in the Territories, and there
lias been such a scramble for the places there
that I have not been able to do it.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time; and upon
a division there were—ayes 56, noes 6; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Taffe and
Mr. Benton were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were ayes ninety-five, noes
not counted.
Accordingly the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
territorial legislatures salaries, etc.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2941)
regulating the compensation of members and
officers of the Legislative Assemblies of the
several Territories of the United States, and
limiting the duration of the said Assemblies;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, limits to forty days
the sessions of the Legislative Assemblies of
the several Territories of the United States,
and provides that the members of each branch
thereof shall receive a per diem of six dollars
during the session herein provided for, and
six dollars for every forty miles traveled going
to and returning from the place of meeting by
the ordinary route; that the president of the
council and the speaker of the house of rep-
resentatives shall each receive a per diem of
eight dollars; and that'the additional officers
of each branch of the Territorial Legislature
shall consist of one chief clerk, at eight dol-
lars per day, one assistant clerk, one enroll-
ing clerk, one engrossing clerk, one sergeant-
at-arras, and one doorkeeper, at a compensa-
tion of five dollars per day each during the
session.
Mr. SPINK. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Pomeroy] allow me to move an
amendment to provide a chaplain for each
house of the territorial Legislature ?
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot yield for any
amendment. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POMEROY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
georgia election case nelson tift.
Mr. KERR. I ask unanimous consent that
the memorial and papers in the case of Nelson
Tift, claiming a seat in this House as a Rep-
resentative-elect from the State of Georgia,
which papers are now before the Committee
of Elections, may be ordered to be printed.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
entry of lands in territories.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
the Territories, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2942) relating to the entry of public lands in
the Territories of the U nited States; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill provides in the first section thatevery
bona fide settler in either of the Territories
of the United States shall have the right of
preemption to one hundred and sixty acres
of non-mineral land in the Territory, and that
the fact of such settler having heretofore had
the benefit of the preeemption act of Sep-
tember 4, 1841, on lands outside of the limits
of the Territory shall interpose no bar to his
or her obtaining the benefits of this act. The
second section provides that each homestead
and preemption claimant in the Territory,
upon the presentation at the proper district
land office of satisfactory proof that there is
not and was not at the time of entry any val-
uable timber upon the tract located by such
claimant, shall have the right to enter not
exceeding forty acres of vacant non-mineral
land over which the Government surveys have
been extended, and not more than twenty-five
miles distant from the tract located by such
homestead or preemption claimant. But only
bona fide settlers actually resident upon their
respective tracts are to have the right to make
such entries of timber land; and such entries
are to be made subject to such needful rules
and regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of the General Land Office for the proper en-
forcement of this act; and the forty acres of
timber land are to be included in and form a
part of the preemption of one hundred and
sixty acres.
Mr. CAVANAUGH, I desire to offer an
amendment, which I think the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Pomeroy] will probably accept. It
is to add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 4. And he ii further enacted. That the preemp-
tion affidavit may be administered by the clerks of
the district court in the several counties of the
respectivo Territory in which the lands claimed as
preemption rights are situate, in all cases where said
lands are distant more than twenty miles from the
district land office.
ilr. POMEROY. I cannot assent to that
amendment. I am opposed to it.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
allow me two or three minutes to explain it?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Mr. Speaker, I think
that the experience of the gentleman from
Iowa, and that of every man who has resided in
the newer States and Territories, must show
that without a clause such as I propose the
preemption law becomes in many instances an
exceedingly great hardship. From my expe-
rience in my own Territory, from what I know
of the condition of affairs in Colorado prior to
the establishment of various land districts,
from my experience also as clerk in the United
States land office of the then Territory of Min-
nesota, I know that in many instances men have
traveled three or four hundred miles to the
land office for the purpose of entering their
lands. Frequently their expenses in making
these journeys amount to more than the valne
of the land.
Take, for instance, theland office situated at
Helena in my Territory. Men frequently come
from Missoula county, a distance of over two
hundred miles, to enter one hundred and sixty
acres of land. With the closest economy the
journey to the land office and back cannot be
accomplished for less than $125. Why shonld
we not, under such circumstances, allow men to
go to the county court and make a proper affi-
davit before the county clerk, the seal of the
court being attached to it? Why should not
this be received as evidence in the office of the
register and receiver ? It would save the peo-
ple an enormous expense. I would add also
the suggestion that this bill be made applicable
to all the Territories of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. It is now in the form of
a general bill.
Mr. C A VANAUGH. I trust that my amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. I appreciate the force of
the reasons which the gentleman from Mon-
tana [Mr. Cavanaugh] gives in support of his
amendment. I am aware that preemptors are
subject to a great deal of expense in this regard.
If the proposition related only to the final proof
in these cases, I would not object; but it will
be readily perceived that the arrangement pro-
posed in the amendment might, and very often
would, involve the land offices in great diffi-
culty. In the first place, no preemption claim-
ant can know that the land is vacant until he
has examined the plats at the local land office.
He must either go there and examine the plats
or he must send to the office for a list of the
vacant land ; and when he obtains this list 
Mr. CAVANAUGH. At the suggestion of
some of my friends, I withdraw the amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CULLOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislature of colorado.
Mr. DUVAL, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 2504) to pro-
vide for the reapportionment of the members
of the Legislature of the Territory of Colorado,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that it shall be the duty of the Governor,
chief justice, and United States attorney for
the Territory of Colorado, on or before the 1st
day of June next, to make an apportionment
of the members of the council and house of
representatives of the said Territory among
the several districts for the election of mem-
bers of the council and house of representa-
tives, giving to each section of the Territory
representation in ratio of its population, as
near as may be ascertained by the census taken
by authority of the United States in the year
1870. The second section provides that it
shall be the duty of said Governor, chief
justice, and United States attorney to make
an official certificate showing the number ot
members of the council and house of repre-
sentatives the several districts of said Terri-
tory are entitled to as apportioned under the
provisions of this act, and file said certificate
in the office of the secretary of said Territory
on or before the 1st day of July next; and said
apportionment so made shall be held to be the .
proper and legal apportionment for the mem-
bers of the next Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Colorado.
