970
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Mr. KELSEY. I believe we have passed
one bill giving the Government the power to
make the apportionment. Why not make them
all uniform?
Mr. DUVAL. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DUVAL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNDARIES Of NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the same committee,
reported back the bill (H. B. No. 956) to de-
fine the northern boundaries of the Territory
of New Mexico, with the recommendation
that it do not pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
DISAPPROVAL OF MONTANA LAWS.
Mr. DYER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 2943) to disapprove
of certain acts of the Legislative Assembly of
Montana Territory, which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the act passed by the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Montana December 29,
I860, entitled "An act regulating the tenure
of civil officers in Montana Territory," be, and
the same is hereby, disapproved and declared
null and void. The second section provides
that all acts and parts of acts heretofore passed
by the Legislative Assembly of said Territory
that provide for the payment of salaries or ex-
tra compensation out of the territorial treas-
ury to officers holding commissions by Fed-
eral appointment in said Territory, or whieh
provide any compensation to the members of
the Legislative Assembly, or the clerks or
attaches thereof, other than that paid by the
United States, are hereby disapproved of and
annulled; and the Legislative Assembly is
hereby prohibited from making any appropri-
ation from the treasury of said.Territory to any
such officers or persons, under any pretense
of adding to or increasing their compensation
as fixed by the United States.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask leave to offer
the following amendment:
And be if further enacted. That the provisions of
this bill bo, and they are hereby, extended to and
shall include the several Territories of the United
States.
Mr. DYER. I cannot yield for that amend-
ment.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I move to strike out
the word "Federal" and insert the word
"national."' There is no such thing as a
Federal officer.
Mr. DYER. I do not object to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAVANAUGII. I understand the gen-
tleman yields to me for debate.
Mr. DYER. Certainly.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. It is a very strange
thing, Mr. Speaker, that thi3 bill should be
made applicable to Montana Territory alone,
instead of embracing all the Territories of the
United States. Can the gentleman having
charge of this bill give me one solitary reason
why the Territory of Montana should be
selected out from all the other Territories and
its Legislature forbidden to allow increased
compensation?
I desire, Mr. Speaker, to make an expos6
of the manner in which matters have been
managed in Montana by Federal officers. At
the first organization of the Territory the first
Legislative Assembly of that Territory voted
almost unanimously to pay the Governor
thereof the sum of $2,o00 in gold as a gratu-
ity, hoping thereby we could get honebt and
capable officers in our Territories. Further-
more, there is a law on our statute-book in
reference to our first Governor, Mr. Edger-
ton, of Ohio, who did not come to the Ter-
ritory until nine' months after his appoint-
ment, and who procured from the Legislature
of-the Territory an anjendatory law making
his pay run from the hour of his appointment
by President Lincoln until his arrival in the
Territory, and the passage of the law. I my-
self was the first man in the Territory who
publicly advocated the repeal of that law. I
thought it to be infamous; I believed it to be
an outrage on the people; and I believed it
to be a disgrace to the legislation,of the Ter-
ritory. And in my first canvass for election
as Delegate to Congress I took ground against
it on the stump. The feeling of the people
became such that the Legislature of that Ter-
ritory at its very next session repealed the
extra compensation to the judges. Bat what
was the result? One Lyman E. Munson, a
judge of the United States court for that Ter-
ritory, came here with others as a delegation
and lobbied through the House of Represent-
atives the repeal of every law on the statute-
book of Montana. Why, sir? Simply because
the Legislature had repealed this extra com-
pensation. They were removed and others
appointed. The Legislature then restored the
compensation; but at the very last session of
that Legislature it again repealed the law grant-
ing it. Governor James M. Ashley, whom we
had never solicited to come among us and
against whose appointment we had protested,
vetoed the bill repealing that law ; but it was
passed over his veto unanimously in the coun-
cil and by a two-thirds majority of the house.
I protest in presence of this House against
my Territory being selected for this special
legislation. We have in our Territory some
sixteen or seventeen Federal officers. None
of them ever thought or dreamed of going to
Montana until the President of the United
States in his magnanimity, or perhaps from
outside pressure, gave them commissions to go
there. I desire here in the came of the people
ofall the Territories—and I believe every Dele-
gate on this floor will agree with me—to protest
against the Territories being used by the Fed-
eral Government as the English Government
uses its colonies. I protest against their being
made receptacles for political convicts at the
East who have been spewed out at the mouth
of honest constituencies, and against our being
selected for assaults when, like other Terri-
tories, we try to get good officers by the pay-
ment of extra compensation.
In principle I am in favor of this bill. Bat
I say let the bill be made general, so that the
Democratic Territory of Montana shall not be
selected out for this legislation from among
the whole of them. Why not include Colorado,
which pays its Governor and judges to day?
Why not include Wyoming, which pays its
Governor and judges? Why not include New
Mexico? Why not include Arizona? Why
not include all of them? Why lias the gentle-
man attempted to strike this blow at a people
who have nothing but a voice—a very feeble
voice, I admit—on the floor of this House. I
trust that every gentleman, both Democratic
and Republican, will vote against making this
invidious distinction. I desire to impress
particularly upon the Republican side of the
House that merely becausc the committee, or
the majority of the committee, have reported
a bill, that is not in itself a sufficient reason
why the committee should be sustained. The
members of the committee, like the rest of
us, are fallible. They may make a mistake;
and as, in my judgment, there appears on the
face of this bill a gross wrong in selecting my
Territory from among all the other Territo-
ries for this legislation, I hope the bill will be
defeated.
Mr. DYER. The remarks of the gentleman
from Montana apply more to the second sec-
tion than to the first section ol the bill imported
by the Committee on the Territories. The sec-
ond section of the bill to which the gentleman
alludes, that which repeals all laws of the Ter-
ritory of Montana authorizing the giving of
increased compensation to the officers of the
Territory, is only an incident of the bill re-
ported by the Committee on the Territories.
The first section of the bill seeks to repeal an
act regulating the tenure of civil officers in the
Territory of Montana. The first section of
that law provides that no person nominated-
aad appointed by the Governor of the Terri-.
tory to fill any territorial office created under
or by any law of the Territory shall bold, exer-
cise, or perform any of the duties of or per-
taining to such office unless the nomination
or appointment to such office has first been
made by and with the advice and consent of
the legislative council. It provides that no
officer appointed by the Governor of Montana
Territory shall hold or exercise any function
of the office to which he may be appointed by
the Governor unless his nomination is con-
firmed by the legislative council. The second
section of that act provides that the acts of
such officers, if any there be, appointed by
the Governor shall be null and void. The
third section provides lhat no compensation
whatever shall be paid to any such officer, nor
shall he receive any compensation. The act,
in fact, takes away the appointing power of
the Governor of that Territory altogether and
gives the legislative council itself the control
of these appointments. I am informed that
during the administration of Governor Smith
in the Territory of Montana the legislative
council of that Territory elected its territorial
officers, the treasurer, the auditor, and the
warden of the territorial prison, and those
officers are holding over now.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire to correct
the gentleman. I know he docs not wish to
misstate the facts. The territorial auditor, the
territorial treasurer, the superintendent of
public instruction, and the district altoim-v
for the Territory were a year ago last Augu.st
elected by twenty-three hundred majority ol
the legal voters of that Territory.
Mr. DYER. That was under a law of the
territorial Assembly.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. DYER. In the first place, these offi-
cers were appointed by the legislative coun-
cil ; but when Governor Ashley was appointed
Governor of the Territory he disregarded the
appointments made by the legislative council
and appointed others in their stead; and by
! this act of the Legislature of the Territory of
j, Montana the officers appointed by the Gov-
j> ernor were prohibited from talcing charge of
the offices to which he had appointed them,
the officers under the legislative appointment
!i holding over. That was the occasion, as lam
j: informed, of the passage of that act. It pro-
i; vides, further, that if a vacancy shall occur
!. in any of these offices, before the Governor
■ ' can fill the vacancy it is made his duty to eon-
vetie the legislative council in extra session;
|! and lie is to do it within twenty days from the
11 time he issues his proclamation to that effect.
The Governor of the Territory can only ap-
j; point to fill a vacancy between the time the
j vacancy occurs and the time of convening the
|i legislative council in extra session. The fifth
| section then provides that when the Governor
of the Territory shall, upon the death, resig-
nation, or removal from the Territory oi any
officer, convene the conncil in extra session,
to confirm the appointment of an officer to fill
the vacancy, the term of office shall expire
upon the assembling of that council. The
result is that no officer can be appointed in the
Territory by the Governor of that Territory
without the consent of the legislative council;
and if in the vacation of that council, the ses-
sions being held only once a year, an officer
removes from the Territory, or should die,
resign, or full to comply with the laws by giving
his bonds, then H is Ihc du'y of the Governor
