144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be taken.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution ( EL R. No. 8.08) for the relief of Charles
P. Elgin, reported it without amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Commerce, to whom were referred the bill (S.
No. 101) to provide levees to secure the low-
lands of Arkansas and Missouri from inunda-
tion, and to encourage the settlement and culti-
vation thereof, the bill (S. No. 310) constituting
the Mississippi Valley Levee Company, and the
bill (S. No. 769) to secure a uniform and per-
manent system of levees forthereclamation and
protection of the alluvial lands of the Missis-
sippi valley from overflow, have instructed me
to ask that the committee be discharged from
their further consideration, and that they be
referred to the special committee appointed on
the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 344) to prevent persons wholiave been
officers or employes of the Treasury Depart-
ment from aiding in the prosecution of certain
claims against, the United Slates, reported it
with amendments.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introducs a bill (S.
No. 1137) to extend the benefits of the dona-
tion law of September 27,1850, to certain per-
sons ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on PublicLands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. McDONALD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1138}%uthorizing two terms of the United
States district court to be held at Camden,
Arkansas; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordpred to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1139) in relation to the office of attor-
ney of the United States for the district of
Louisiana; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(3. No. 1140) for the relief of Rear Admiral
Henry Walke; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1141) establishing certain post routes in
Indiana; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1142) to establish certain mail routes in the
State of Florida; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
OCEANIC TELEGRAPH CABLES.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I oiFer a concurrent res-
olution, and if there be no objection to its con-
sideration I should like to have it acted upon
now:
Whereas several propositions relating to the eon -
struetion of lines of oceanic cables from the shores
of the United States to the shores of foreign coun-
tries have been made in both Houses of Congress
anil refei red to several and different committees of
the Fame: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the Senate of th*. Uaited States, (the
House of ltoDresentativesconcurrmg.) That all hills,
resolutions, petitions, and papers whatsoever, now
before Congress or any committee of either House, or
that may hereafter be offered, in relation to the sub-
ject of ocean telegraph cables be. and are hereby.
referred to a joint committee of four on the part of
the Senate and five on the part of the House, to be
appointed by the Presiding Officers of the two Houses
respectively, with power to call for persons and
papers, and to report at any time by bill or otherwise.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this con-
current resolution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better go
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
NEWPORT AND CINCINNATI BRIDGE.
Mr. SCOTT submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to communicate to the Senate, in
advance of the general roport of the engineers
detailed to examine bridges across the Ohio river,
so much of that report now made as relates to the
Newport and Cincinnati budge.
WILMINGTON IIARBOH, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
furnish the Senates with any report or reports in his
Department relating to the improvement of the
harbor at the port of Wilmington, or San Pedro, in
the State of California.
SURETIES OP A. It. HETZELL.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I desire to
make an appeal to the courtesy of the Senate,
at the request of a member of the other House,
to take up for consideration House bill No.
1971; and if I may be indulged in making a
remark or two as to the occasion, I would say
that it isfor the reliefof certain sureties, against
whom a suit is now pending, and the cause I
understand will come on for trial in January,
and unless the bill pass now perhaps injustice
will be done to the parties in interest. It is
very material to them that the bill, if passed at
all, should be passed now. I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate, as it is a House bill, to take
it up for consideration at this time. I submit
that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 1971) for the relief of the sureties of the
jate Captain A. R. Hetzell was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that the accounts of
the late Captain A. R. Hetzell, assistant quar-
termaster of the United States Army, who died
during the Mexican war, were settled at the
Treasury on the 15th of February, 1850, and
a balance found due was paid to his repre-
sentatives; but that by a subsequent settle-
ment, made on the 14th of August, 1809, a
balance was ascertained against the officer, to
recover which suit has been brought and is now
pending against his surviving sureties. The
bill proposes to remit and forever discharge
theclaim, but only as against the sureties and
their heirs and personal representatives; and
the suit pending against them, whether before
or after judgment, shall be no further prose-
cuted, but shall be dismissed, and full satisfac-
tion, as against the sureties, entered of record.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SOUTHERN EXPRESS COMPANY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to move that the
body take up Senate bill No. 298, to relieve
members of Congress from importunity and
preserve the independence of the Departments
of the Government; and in making that mo-
tion I wish to state that I was anxious at the
last sessiotuto have had action upon this bill.
I do not think it ought to lead to any extended
discussion. There is nothing pressing now,
as I suppose the order of the day will not
come up until one o'clock. I move to take
up the bill this morning in the hope that we
may be able to act upon it.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise for the purpose of
asking the Senator from Illinois to postpone
his bill for a moment or two, until I appeal to
the indulgence of the Senate to take up a bill
which I had up yesterday, an amendment to
the charter of the Southern Express Company,
which will take but a moment, I hope. If it
takes longer I will withdraw it, if I am allowed
to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know whatthe
bill is that the Senator has in charge. If it is
a matter not subject to controversy I have no
objection.
Mr. CAMERON. I think there will be no
discussion about it.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois yields to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, who moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 701) to
incorporate the Southern Express Company.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill, the question being on
the amendment reported by the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not doubt the useful-
ness of the proposed express company to the
southern States; but I have an objection, in
the general, to the charter of corporations by
act of Congress. I believe that this matter of
drawing all these powers into the Federal net
is one great source of our present political
complications. The granting of charters by
the Government of the United States is a com-
paratively modern invention. We owe it to
the lights of these latter days that these powers,
which are questionable, should be exercised
at all.
But even granting, for the purpose of this
discussion, that this power of incorporation
does exist in the Congress of the United States,
I doubt exceedingly the expediency of its ex-
ercise by Congress. Of course the object of
incorporating these companies by act of Con-
gress is to relieve them from the effect of State
legislation. It is to relieve them from many of
the embarrassments which individuals, natural
persons, not artificial, are subjected to by the
change of jurisdiction. The most familiar con-
venience that they will have probably is their
exemption from liability to the laws of foreign
attachment. The question of local taxation,
too, is one that is very interesting to this class
of corporations, and no doubt they will insist
upon their right to be exempt from local taxa-
tion.
In short, sir, my objection to these charters
of companies by Congress is, in the first place,
that if the system is begun there will be no end
to it; and I very much fear that we are at the
commencement now of aflood-tideof this very
kiud of legislation, the object being to with-
draw persons, both natural and artificial, from
the control of local legislation, and to with-
draw their property from the control of local
legislation, in order that they may find shelter
behind the great shield of congressional power
and claim under its paramount authority exemp-
tion from the laws of the States where their
property lies and where the individuals live
whose business and interests are to be affected
by them.
As I say, I know nothing in regard to the
present corporation; I do not doubt that its
objects are of a very beneficial character in the
abstract; but my objection is made, and I think
it will continue to be made, to the passage of all
acts of incorporation by Congress. Why not
leave these things to the States themselves?
Why not leave them to those local influences
which are the bestand the safest? Why pursue
this system of centralization on all subjects?
Sir, this is^ but^ one feature of the great issue
which, I think, is being made up for the Amer-
ican people to decide, and that is the question
of the centralization of power in the Federal
Government. I am a friend to such enter-
prises as the one proposed by this bill; but I
am not friendly to Congress undertaking to deal
