1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
of the Territory to convene the council in extra
session to confirm the appointment.
This was done, as I suppose, for the purpose
of defeating any appointments that might be
made by the Governor of the Territory. The
eighth section of the act then provides that
where information in the shape of a quo war-
ranto or other proceeding is commenced in a
court to test the right of any one to hold office
it is perfectly competent for the court to per-
mit that de facto officer to remain in his office
• although they may depide that he is not of right
a proper person to be appointed. Now, the
territorial court of Montana have decided that
the Governor has the right to appoint to these
offices, and in that opinion the Attorney Gen-
eral concurs. There seems to be nothing con-
tradictory of that, but everything confirming
it, in the enabling act uilder which the Terri-
tory was organized.
Mr. CAVANAUGII. What section?
Mr. DYER. The second section of the en-
abling act provides "that the Governor shall
commission all officers who shall be appointed
to office under the laws of said Territory, and
take care that those laws shall be fajthfully
executed." This law of the Territory is pat-
terned after the law passed by the Federal
Congress during the time Johnson was Pres-
ident. In other words, the territorial Legisla-
ture of Montana have followed the example
set by the Congress of the United States in
that regard. And my friend, being opposed to
the tenure of-office act of Congress, certainly
will not now uphold an act of the territorial
Legislature of Montana which is based upon
the same principle.
Now, in regard to the second objection made
by the gentleman to this bill. He says that
the law of the Legislature of Montana which
this bill proposes to repeal is an infamous
law and ought to be repealed. His objection
is that this bill does not also apply to the other
Territories. Sir, this is a bill which was intro-
duced as affecting the Territory of Montana. It
seeks only to repeal the act passed by the
Legislature of that Territory, which, in effect,
is like the tenure-of-office act. I do not know
of any other Territory that has passed such an
act. The second section of this biil provides
that no extra compensation shall be paid to
any officer that may be appointed by the Fed-
eral Government. It is true that the Territory
of Montana did for a time pay extra compen-
sation to Federal officers there; not, as the
gentleman intimates, as an inducement to get
good men to go there and hold office, but with
a view to controlling them after they got there.
I do not know whether that was during Gov-
ernor Smith's term or not. Any way, when
Governor Ashley was appointed, or the pres-
ent Governor—1 do not know which—the ter-
ritorial Legislature repealed the law allowing
that extra compensation, so far as it applied
to the Governor and secretary of the Territory,
leaving it still to apply to the other territorial
officers.
Now the Committee on the Territories think
it unwise that the territorial Legislature should
offer additional inducement to men who may
go there to hold office; that the Government
of the United States ought to pay the men
appointed to go there, and to make their com-
pensation large enough to induce good men to
go, and not leave it to the territorial Legisla-
ture to give them more.
Having said this much, and I hope made my-
self understood, as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Territories [Mr. Chixom]_ ad-
monishes me that the time of that committee
is being used up, I will call the previous ques-
tion if no gentleman desires to say anything
further on this subject.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Will the gentleman
yield to me for one minute?
Mr. DYER. For one minute, yes.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The gentleman has
arraigned the Legislature of the Territory of
Montana for passing a temtre-of-office act. I
desire to call the attention of that gentleman,
and also of the chairman of the Committee
on the Territories, to the act of Congress which
furnished the example to the Territory of Mon-
tana. Would it not be well, before you repeal
the tenure-of office law of the Territory of
Montana, to sweep that infamous law from the
statute-books of the United States ? The gen-
tleman well remarked that I was opposed to
that law. I am opposed to any law that will
hamper the President of the United States in
that respect. And I am opposed to any law
that shall attempt to dictate to the Legislative
Assembly of a Territory. Why ? Simply be-
cause the members of the Legislative Assem-
bly of a Territory have certain rights. Sir,
my advice to the chairman of the Committee
on the Territories [Mr. Cullom] is to bring
in here a bill repealing the organic acts of all
the Territories of the United States, to repeal
every one of them. I am nottanxious to come
here as a Delegate, a mere brevet member of
Congress, who can get up here and speak for
but a few minutes at a time, but cannot vote
at all. Allow the people who pay the taxes-;—
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DYER. I call for a vote.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
The question was taken and upon a division
(called for by Mr-. Cavaxacgh) there were—
ayes 66, noes 22; no quorum voting.
' Mr. CAVANAUGH. I call for tellers. I
believe no quorum voted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Can a Delegate
from a Tenitory call for tellers oil any quea
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would rule that
he could not; but as the vote upon a division
did not disclose the presence of a quorum the
Chair thinks it would be better to have tellers,
in order that the presence of a quorum may
thereby be shown.
Tellers were accordingly ordered ; and Mr.
Dyer and Mr. Fox were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 84, noes So.
Before the result of the vote was an-
nounced,
Mr. CAVANAUGH called for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The point being raised,
the Chair must rule that the gentleman from
Montana [Mr. Cataxaugh] cannot demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire, if the Chair
will pardon me, to make a single remark upon
this point. I would like to have this question
settled, that we may ascertain what is really
the status of a Delegateupon this floor. I wish
to have it decided whether when this House
has under consideration a bill affecting directly
a Territory and pertaining—I say it with all
respect—to the people of that Territory and
nobody else on earth, whether under such cir-
cumstances the Delegate has not the right to
demand a vote by yeas and nays upon a ques-
tion so important to his constituents.
The SPEAKER. The point is raised with-
out argument aud without much time to devote
to its consideration; but the Chair will very
briefly give his views upon it. The Delegate
of a Territory is the accredited agent of the
Territory, sent here to express, by argument
or by personal interviews with members, the
wants and wishes of his constituents upon bills
which may affect them. But the moment that
the function of voting is reached the power of
the Delegate ceases. _ The right to object where
unanimous consent is asked, the right to de-
mand divisions or tellers, the right to call for
the yeas and nays, are very largely the func-
tions of a voter in this House; and oftentimes
the very largest function that the member can
exercise is included in those particular de-
mands. Of course the right to make such
demands grows out of, and must inhere in, the
function of voting. The Delegate, not pos-
sessing the right to vote, cannot exercise any
of those privileges which are a direct outgrowth
of the right to vote.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. One more question
and I have done. Here is a measure directly
interesting to my constituents. Have I not the
right to demand the yeas and nays on this
vote?
The SPEAKER. The Chairwill answertlie
gentleman. He will readily see that there is
no need of a Delegate having that right. The
body which is to decide the question voted
upon is the House of Representatives. The
Constitution provides that the yeas and nays
"shall, at the desire of one fifth of those pres-
ent, be entered on the Journal." If no mem-
ber chooses to demand the yeas and nays, of
course they cannot _be taken; but if one fifth
of the members desire the yeas and nays some
individual member will of course make the
demand.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. NIBLACK. Upon this question of
order I would like to be heard for a moment.
I believe the rights of a Delegate on this floor
include the right to make motions.- Is not
that the fact?
The SPEAKER. That is so; but it would
not be within the function of voting. A mo-
lion merely brings the question up for the
decision of the House.
Mr. NIBLACK. Then the question in my
mind is whether the calling for divisions and
other incidental matters connected with vot-
ing does not rest upon the same ground with
motions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks differ-
ently. Those proceedings directly connected
with voting cannot fall within* the privileges
of the Delegate. The calling lor a division
belongs to the individual member, and is his
absolute right. The calling for.yeas and nays
is likewise the absolute right of one fifth of the
members, and is guarantied by the Constitu-
tion. The House cannot by any rule restrict
or enlarge this privilege ; and the gentleman
from Wisconsin, in the exercise of his right,
now demands the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As I raised this
question, I hope the Chair will indulge me in
a single remark. When the Delegate from
Montana asked for a division I did not raise
the question. I did raise it, however, when
he demanded tellers. I do not know whether
thc-re is any philosophical reason which might
apply in one case more than the other. But it
seemed to me that while Delegates are allowed
the right to make motions and offer amend-
ments, while they have the right* to be heard
in debate, yet when we pass to action, when
we come to vote, either by rising, by passing
between tellers, or by a eall of yeas and nays,
the right of the Delegate naturally then ceases ;
and as he cannot take part in any vote, so he
cannot demand that any of the rest of us shall
vote in any particular form.
The SPEAKER. The right of a Delegate
to take part in debate is as bioad as that of
any member of the House. The right to make
motions follows necessarily, because it is on a
motion that debate is entertained, If yon strip
the Delegate of the right to make- motions you
logically strip him of the right to debate, be-
cause all of the debates of the House are upon
motions in some form. But beyond that point,
as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack]
will perceive, the function differs, and the
privilege of voting is reached.
Mr. NIBLACK. The question in my mind
is whether the calling for a division can bo
considered to be more than a motion.
The SPEAKBli. It is different from a
motion in tho points to which the Chair has
adverted. Tho j.recedents on the general ques-
