1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
with them, and for this reason I shall vote
against this act of incorporation and all other
acts of incorporation of private companies by
Congress, unless they are expressly limited in
their operation to this District, which has been
placed under the control of Congress by the
Constitution.
Mr. CAMERON. I am very sorry, indeed,
that the Senator from Delaware has determined
'to vote against this poor little bill. It is'one
which has nothing wrong in it. I am sure if
he understood it as I do he would* vote with
me. It proposes to give the power of exist-
ence to a company which began long before
the rebellion, and which has lasted ever since.
It is a company which is very important to
the Government itself, because the bonds and
money and the documents of the Government
which are sent abroad have to go through this
or some other and perhaps irresponsible chan-
nel. This company desires only to be exempted
from the annoyance of local taxation ; not State
taxation, but the taxation of boioughsand cities
and other municipal corporations down South.
They have carried hundreds and thousand's of
millions of the public money, and they have
always been responsible for everything they
carried, and tlicy have always paid for every-
thing that was lost. There has not been a
single dollar carried by this express company
which has been stolen from them which the
corporation itself has not paid to the Govern-
ment or to the individuals owning it. It has
become almost a necessity, as much a necessity
as your telegraph or postal system. They only
ask for an act of incorporation to exist in this
cit.y. They ask for nothing beyond it. Their
office is to be here, their main business is to
be here, and all the ramifications as they go
throughout the States are to be like those ol any
other transpoi ration company.
Mr. MORRILL, ol Vermont. I desire to
suggest to the Senator from Pennsylvania an
amendment which I presume he will accept.
It is in section eight; line four, before the woid
''alter," to insert, the word " repealso as to
give Congress full power over the corporation.
That is tiie usual language, "to repeal, alter,
or amend the act.'1
Mr. CAMERON. I accept that. i
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then at the j
end I propose to insert these words: I
And all stockholders shall he held individually I
liable for any debts or liabilities of the corporation ,
to an amount equal to the, stock owned by them |
respectively m said corporation. j
I understand the Senator from Pennsylvania |
has no objection to this amendment. |
Mr. CAMERON. 1 accept the amendment, j
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no I
objection, these amendments to the amend- j
ment reported by the Committee on Commerce j
will be regarded as agreed to, and they are I
agreed to. !
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, I do not |
propose to question the power ot Congress to !
grant an ast of incorporation of this character ; I
but I doubt exceedingly the propriety and the !
expediency of commencing this sort of work.
Jn the States more recently I believe the course
is pursued of providing by general law and not
by special act for the incorporation of eompa
liies of this character. If we begin wuh legis-
lation of this kind we shall have applications
innumerable for the incorporation ol compa-
nies, probably of equal importance with tins.
Cut, sir, there is a provision in this bill of
exemption from local taxation which I think n
seriously objectionable. Why shall a com-
pany of this sou be exempt from taxation'.'
Ttiey have property : their agench s are located
in every town of the country. Iftinn are sue
cessful, as companies of this chrrocter have
been heretofore, they have means iu abiun1-
ance; their wealth is seen in every guiirmr.
Mr. CAMERON. If theSenatoi-no.it W est
Virginia will allow its a moment, i will say
tha*there is no such exemption iu the bill-
nothing of the kind, a3 1 understand.
41ST Oos'G. 3D SESS.—No. 10.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have not read the bill;
but I understood from the statement of it made
by the Senator from Pennsylvania that one of
the objects of getting a charter from the hands
of Congress was that the company might be
exempted from local taxation.
Mr. CAMERON. I intended to say that
during the war these parties had been subjected
to great annoyances, annoyances so great that
their capacity to do good was destroyed. This
is a mere act of incorporation, giving them a
mere corporate existence, without any exemp-
tion from taxation or anything of the kind.
Mr. BORIiMAN. Well, sir, I think it is a
bad precedent. I know that some companies
have been chartered by Congress—insurance
companies, probably—-one, if not more, with.an
exemption of that sort. I think it is time it
should cease.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I beg leave to state
that this is a simple act of incorporation, au-
thorizing a company to do just what a firm
would do. Outside of that, the bill provides
for the manner in which they shall organize,
the capital which shall be required, the man-
ner in which it shall be paid, and the manner
of electing the officers. It is one of the most
simple bilU ever introduced before any legis-
lative body, and locates the corporation in this
city and makes it subject to taxation wherever
its property may be.
Mr. BOREMAN. Well, sir, if it is so sim-
ple as the Senator from Connecticut states, that
makes it more objectionable. If the Govern-
ment of the United States is to go into the
business of chartering companies of this char-
acter it seems to me it ought to be provided
for by a general law ; not that Congress should
pass general bills of incorporation, but provide
some court or board that can issue these char-
ters upon proper application. I think this is a
bad precedent, and I cannot consent to it.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer this amendment, to
come in at the end of the bill:
Provided, That the franchise hereinbefore granted
sliat t continue for twenty years and no longer; and
nothing in this actcontaincd shall be held to exempt
the property of said corporation from taxation under
ttie laws of the respective States wherein the,fame
shall exi^t.
Mr. CAMERON. I will accept, that.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. 1 think there are
objections to that, amendment. It provides that
the corporation shall continue for twenty years.
The bill as it now stands gives Congress the
opportunity to repeal or amend the charter at
nnv time, which is much better.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think I have a right
to complain that the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania lias taken advantage ot my good-nature
to set aside a bill and cull up one that is lead-
ing to discussion and that there is no proba-
bility even of passing in the morning hour. I
understood the Senator from Pennsylvania to
slate distinctly that it was some amendment to
a bill that would take no time; that it had been
up before, and that if it took any time he w.ould
wilhdrawit. Now, 1 know he is asgood-natured
as 1 am, and I hope he will get his bill out of
the way and let rue call up the one I was pro-
; (o lukc tip.
It u very apparent, that there are a number
of Senators heio who are not satisfied with
this bill. They think it is launching out, in a
new di'-i-clion, to incorporate companies by the
, Federal Government, which will lead to bring-
j ing here all the persons desiring charters for
I hie and lire insurance companies, and express
companies, &e. I see around me a number
! of Senators who are aveise to this species of
! lojiishv.ion. It, involves a great question, and
! I tiiink the Senator from Pennsylvania hud
j better take it up when there will be no press-
! n,-P ot' time, and have it considered more de-
! liberate!}', and not attempt to pass it m the
I rnoniing'hour, when he sees the opposition it
I cncoumer3.
: Mr. CAMERON. We all know how good-
natured the Senator from Illinois always is,
and we all know also that good-natured people
are imposed upon more than others. I do not
think there is a Senator in this room with whom
I should have taken that liberty bat himself.
Relying on his kindness, he always having
been so kind to me, if he will now only give
me ten minutes more I will agree to withdraw
the bill if we do not get it through in that time.
I know it will pass now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One o'clock will come
in ten minutes.
Mr. CAMERON. Well, I will take eight
minutes. I think there will be no more
speechss
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Seuator irotu Dela-
ware to the amendment of the Committee on
Commerce.
The question being put, a division wa3 called
for.
Mr. BAYARD. I submitted to the Senate
just now a few remarks upon the general policy
of incorporating private companies by Congress.
The object of this act of incorporation is simply
to relieve these companies, these artificial per-
sons, from the local control of the laws ot the
States through which their business compels
them to pass. Is that advisable ? Certainly,
it is most dangerous. Here is the intent; by
this means to draw into the courts of the United
States all suits connected with this most multi-
farious branch of business ; to take from the
State courts that jurisdiction so essential to
the people of the States, and to compel them,
or to seek to compel them, to go into jurisdic-
tions very distant from their homes, inaccessible
and highly expensive. Now, sir, who are the
people that ordinarily deal with expiess com-
panies? What does ninety-nine hundredths
of all their business consist of? The carriage
of small parcels of a less value than §100.
This is the great bulk of all their business.
It is in regard to such contracts that their
defaults are committed. Now, the result of
this measure of establishing a company of
this kind by act of Congress will be that suits
for those .small amounts will be brought, and
must necessarily be brought, in the United
States courts. That ofitself, thataloue, should
be sufficient to remit this question to other
tribunals, to remit it.to the State Legislatures,
who have full right to grant these corporate
privileges, and to a jnoper extent.
The clause that I submitted by way of amend-
ment had two features. The first, limiting the
extent of time, provided that this franchise
should not continue longer than twenty jears.
That is a rule established iu tue constitutions
ot many of the States. Iu the constitution of
my State I know it has existed for some forty
years ; that 110 corporation except one of a
public character shall be chartered for a longer
period than that, so that there shall bo a recur-
rence to the legislative body for a renewal of
the power and of the franchise of private cor-
porations at the end of twenty years. The
next feature was an express provision that the
property of this corporation should not by
reason of its obtaining a Federal charter be
exempt from taxation in the States where the
property lies. There has been and is now a
very strong tendency, and I am sorry to add
under judicial decision with a very successful
result, to withdraw large amounts of corporate
property from its fair contribution toward the
State expenses of those States iu which the
property exists. We have lately had in the
circuit court of the U nited States in my district
a decision preventing the State from collecting
a tax levied upon the rolling stock of a tailroad
corporation. There is a species of property
the right to tax which was never befoie denied,
andyet because the corporation, owning a, freight
car and exercising the power to move it nude ■
the franchise of the State, and thereby natu-
rally liable to Sta tetaxation, could remove that
ear from the lines of the Stale for a single d;y ,
to tax it is to be considered an infringement
of commerce between the States, anc. theieby
the whole rolling stock of that company is t.o
