1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
973
man from Connecticut that it is not the object
of this bill to affect any contract or repeal any
law on the subject I have no objection to
the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois {Mr. Collom] whether
he proposes that the bill shall be put through,
under the operation of the previous question,
without any opportunity for an examination or
expression of opinion on the part of members,
more particularly from the Pacific coast ?
Mr. CULLOM. I have no design to pre-
vent anybody from expressing his views on
the bill. I desire to say a word in explana-
tion of its provisions. As reported, the bill is
simply to create a county of Alaska.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish the gentleman to
understand that I am not objecting to the ori-
ginal bill, but to the amendment in regard to
timber and coal.
Mr. CULLOM. I do not know anything
about that. The bill I have reported simply
provides for creating the territory into the
county of Alaska, to be attached to the Ter-
ritory of Washington, as well as it can be
attached to it, being separated from that Ter-
ritory so great a distance. And it gives the
people of Alaska representation in the council
and house of representatives of Washington
Territory.
Mr. PINKELNBUEG. I would ask the
gentleman from Illinois in what position this
bill places the people of Alaska in regard to
the right of suffrage ?
Mr. CULLOM. It gives them the same
right to vote as is enjoyed by citizens anywhere
else in the United States.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The treaty with
Russia provides that the Russians resident in
Alaska shall enjoy all the rights of American
citizens. Does the bill interfere in any way
with the rights thus given by the treaty ?
.Mr. CULLOM. It does not. The bill, I
may also state, provides for the creation of one
judge, who shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, and who shall hold
two terms of the court at the town of Sitka,
which is declared the county seat. I yield for
a few moments to the gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to remark at the
outset that I donotwish to oppose the bill as re-
ported by the Committee on the Territories, and
as explained by the chairman of that commit-
tee. But, if there is any chance of the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Julian] being adopted, I wish to give it
my opposition. The gentleman is well aware
that there is no law of the United States now
whereby timber lands can be acquired, except
by preemption of one hundred and sixty acres
to an individual. Now, in the high altitudes
three, four, five, and seven thousand feet above
the level of the sea, it is impossible for people
to settle; and yet the timber is required for
supplying lumber for building and repairing
houses, for running the mines, and for a great
variety of purposes. No doubt the same
necessity exists in Alaska to some extent, but
by your law you give the people no oppor-
tunity to buy the timber lands in such quan-
tities that saw-mills can be run on them, and
the wants of the community supplied.
Mr. JULIAN. The pending bill allows a
purchaser to buy six hundred and forty acres.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 have been trying all
through this Congress to get the consent of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] to
the passage of a bill that will relieve the peo-
ple of my State from the pursuit of an unlaw-
ful business: the cutting of timber on the
Sierra Nevada mountains. They are anxious
to pay for timber lands the double minimum
price even, if necessary. They must have saw-
mills. They have towns and cities depending
upon them for their supply of lumber, which
cannot be furnished without mills. All our
miners would have to stop operations if the
law were enforced which now maikes it a mis-
demeanor for them to carry on this business.
I have not yet succeeded in getting the con-
sent of my friend from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
to my bill, although many members of the
Committee on the Public Lands have said that
they thought it was reasonable and just. There
is no law upon the statute-book which legalizes
this necessary business. It is now made an
offense. My objection to this bill is that it
extends the game system to Alaska and puts
the same rope around the necks of the people
of that region. «
Mr. CULLOM. I understand that the ob-
jection of the gentleman from California is
simply to the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana, and not to the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Allow me one word more.
I am certainly right in reference to this prop-
osition so far as it affects California, Oregon,
and the Territory of Washington, and I do
not know that there is any special provision
made for Alaska. If there is such a provision
contained in this bill it is the first recognition
of the principle for which I have so earnestly
contended on this floor, and personally with
the gentleman from Indiana himself.
Now, there is another objection to this bill.
There are presumed to be valuable coal deposits
in Alaska. Were it not for that fact the coun-
try would not be worth the expenditure of one
dollar to keep it, except for the fisheries, which
we have farmed out to certain individuals.
There is nothing else there but ice, notwith-
standing the couleur de rose accounts of it sent
to us by Mr. Seward. But it so happens that
that country is seamed with coal veins. If
that be so, it will be the great coal region of
the Pacific coast. If you make it an offense,
attended by a penalty, to go and dig coal there,
you make itan offense forany one to dig enough
to find out that coal is there. How are coal
deposits and other mines discovered on the
public lands and brought into use? By the
miner, who takes his pick on his back and goes
out with his blanket, and sleeps in the dew
and in the frost, and delves into the veins, and
brings them to the notice of the commercial
world. Now if you make that an unlawful
act you shut out the industry of these men,
and bury these treasures while your law lasts.
No man could prospect for coal under it, and
if he could he would not get the fruit of his
industry unless he stole it.
Mr. CULLOM. I must resume the floor;
and I yield now to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Julian.]
Mr. JULIAN. I wish to say to my friend
from California that my amendment allows
any purchaser to buy six hundred and forty
acres of timber-lands, which is enough, I sup-
pose, to run a saw-mill. If he thinks the
quantity ought to be increased, I am willing
he should offer an amendment for that purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. That does away with
much of my objection, and I only wish that
provision could be extended to my own State;
but the objection still remains that the penalty
goes into immediate operation, and the peo-
ple will not know that this is an offense for
months, while the penalty would still attach.
Mr. JULIAN, As I have said, allow the
purchase of six hundred and forty acres ; and
I will say to the gentleman, in regard to an
amendment of our laws respecting the right
of preemption on timbered lands, that I think
I shall agree with him and help him in the
passage of the bill he desires for the whole
country.
Mr. SARGENT. I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. JULIAN. There was no time for the
committee of which I am chairman to mature
such a bill at the last session of Congress. The
subject was not brought to my attention till
near the close of the session.
Mr. SARGENT. I offered such a bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I am aware of that fact.
With respect to the provision as to coal and
timber lands, if he desires to make the bill
operative in that regard at some fixed time in
the future, I have no objection to his offering
such an amendment.
Mr. CULLOM. Isnggest to the gentleman
from Indiana that he withdraw his amendment
and offer it as a separate bill, so that the House
may pass the bill reported by the .Committee
on the Territories. There is no objection to
that, while there seems to be some objection
to his amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. We can easily settle the
details of the bill.
Mr. CULLOM. Yes, at some other time.
I will help the gentleman to pass the bill on
some future occasion.
Mr. JULIAN. I desired to ask action upon
it as a separate bill; but yesterday the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] urged
me to offer it as an amendment to this bill, *
and I consented.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw it.
Mr. JULIAN. I have no desire to press it
against the wishes of the gentleman, but I
think the House is ready to pass upon the
amendment now.
Mr. CULLOM. I think not. It had better
be withdrawn.
Mr. JULIAN. I understand that the bill
which I have offered as an amendment can be
brought before the House at any ti-me as a
privileged question. If I am right in that, I
will withdraw it as an amendment to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not certain
upon that point, having been advised by the
Clerk on yesterday that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] might be mistaken in
regard to his bill being in a situation that made
it privileged.
Mr. CULLOM. I think the House will con-
sent to regard it as privileged.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana remember when he entered the motion
to reconsider?
Mr. JULIAN. During the last session of
Congress.
The SPEAKER. The clerk informs the
Chair that he has not been able to find upon
the Journal any entry of such a motion. The
gentleman might now ask unanimous consent
to have his hill considered as if privileged.
Mr. JULIAN. Then will I ask unanimous
consent that it he considered a special order,
say on Tuesday next.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
Mr. JULIAN. Or on some other day.
Mr. NEGLEY. I must object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not state
positively that it is not privileged; but the
Journal clerk states that he has not been able
to find any entry of the motion to reconsider.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 would suggest to the
gentleman to ask unanimous consent to make
it the special order for Saturday next.
Mr. JULIAN. I will ask unanimous con-
sent that it be made the special order for
Saturday next at two o'clock.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
Mr. GABFIELDE, of Washington. I trust
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] will
withdraw his proposition as an amendment to
this bill, for if adopted it will be sure to result
in the loss of this bill in the Senate. It is
necessary that this bill should pass. Here are
a people who, not by their own voice, but by
the voice of their former sovereign and of the
Government of the United States, have been
annexed to us. For years now they have been
without any legal protection. They cannot
enforce any of their civil rights; they cannot
prosecute any criminal for1 any offense with-
out transporting him a thousand miles. We
have taken them into our midst and they are
entitled to protection, and it should be given
them now.
Mr. DAWES, I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] will withdraw his
objection to allowing the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Sir. Julian] to have his measure consid-
ered on Saturday next.
