148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND NJ3W YORK RAILROAD.
The call having reached the Committee on
Railways and Canals,
Mr. INGERsOLL. I would like to take
the ruling of the Chair as to what the Chair
would consider a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would rale
on auy particular bill when it was reported,
whether ii was private or not.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I mean the bill H. R.
No. 10.
The SPEAKER. The bill to establish an
air-line railroad between Washington and New
York?
Mr. INGERSOLL. .Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has held that
that id not a private bill.
JAM1JS T. FISHER.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back, with
the K-'conimendation that it do not pass, the
bill (H. 11. No. 2081) for the relief of James
T. Fibber ; and the same was laid on the table.
W. 1>. AND D. I'UTNAH.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do not pass, tho
bill (11. ii. No. 1112) for the relief of William
Put Putnam and David Putnam, of Washing-
ton county, Ohio; and the same was laid on
the table.
J. ROSS BROWSE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do not pass, the
bill (S. No. CO-) for the relief of J. Ross Browne,
late minister to China ; and the same was laid
oil the table.
NICHOLAS M. PAU13.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also,
from the same committee, reported back the
bill (S. No. 673) for the relief of Nicholas M.
Page, executor of Samuel Miller, of Campbell
county, Virginia, with the recommendation
that, it, do pass, with an amendment striking
Out. the amount of interest.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
read a third time.
The bill was read.
Mr. KELSEY. I think that bill ought to
liave its tirst consideration in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
would s'ltte m regard to this bill that the Com-
mittee of Claims recommend its passage, with
an amendment strudng out the $10,900 of
interest. It is a case m which the Senate pro-
posed to allow interest on the amount of money
paid into the Treasury. We merely propose
to_restore to the individuals theactual amount
of money paid into the Treasury without inter-
est. We ask the passage of the bill with this
amendment. I will state to the House that
this individual bad $109,000 in State of Indi-
ana bonds dining the rebellion. Upon inform-
ation to the district court of the United States
for the district ot Indiana that this person was
disloyal those bonds were confiscated, and half
the amount was paid into the Treasury of the
United Slates.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a point of order.
This bill appropriates money, and must have
its tirst consideration in a committee of the
whole House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Does
not tha' point of order come too late?
Mr. KELSEY. i made it when the bill was
first read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman made the
point of order at the time the bill was reported,
but the Chair permitted the discussion to
proceed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Well,
I give notice that I shall ask the House to go
into Committee of the Whole on this bill
as soon as we get through with the business
of the morning hour.
Mr. KELSEY. I do not know but that it
may be all right, but it seems to me that is
one of those bills which ought to be referred
to a committee.
The bill was referred, under the rule, to a
committee of the whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
HENRY NJSWELI..
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (S.
No. 828) for the relief of Henry Newell.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue to Henry Newell,
of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, three ten-forty
coupon bonds for $500 each, with coupons,
from and including a coupon for March 1, 1867,
in lieu of his ten-forty coupon bonds for $500
each, issued by virtue of an act of Congress,
approved March 3, 1864, and nnmbeied re-
spectively 34954, 37785, and 37786, the same
having been lost and destroyed at sea in the j
month of October, 1866; provided that the j
said Newell shall give good and ample security ;
I,o the United States against the appearance ;
and presentation of said original bonds. !
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Imove j
the previous question on that bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly road the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on ttie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NOAII FISHER.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (II. R. No. 25-36) for
the relief of Noah Fisher ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill was read. *It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Noah Fisher the sum
of $420 for mules, harnesses, and wagons deliv-
ered by him to the quartermaster's department
of the United States at Norfolk, Virginia, on
the 25th of February, 1864.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will only ask to have an
order from the quartermaster's department
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office Assistant Quartermaster,
Norfolk, Vikoixia, i'eOi uaiy 2o, 18i}4.
II. C. ICelly, W<igon-mattcr .-
You wiit receive from Nonfl Fisher four mules,
four harnesses, two wagons, ami giro him receipt lor
the same, to bo presented at tins office.
By ordor of Cant, Kelson Plato, A. Q. 31.:
WILLIAM VAN DOZEN, Clerk.
Received, the above teams, &o., this day.
H.C.KELLY,
Per FRANK 1HJRKE,
Assistant Wagon-master.
A true copy:
NELSON PLATO, Captain, A. Q. M.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move the previous
question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to re aonsider the vote
by wllitili tha bill wag passed ; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Washbtjrk] that on yesterday the House made
an order by unanimous consent that at the
conclusion of the morning hour of to day the
House will proceed to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill in relation to
the duty on sugar, reported yesterday by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
from the Committee of Ways and Means. The
motion to go into Committee of the Whole for
the consideration of the Private Calendar would
now be in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Ferry in the
chair.) and proceeded to the consideration of
the Private Calendar.
NICHOLAS M. PAGE.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Iask
that the committee first proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 673,for the relief
of Nicholas M. Page, executor of Samuel
Miller, of Campbell county, Virginia.
The CHAIRMAN. That will require unan-
imous consent.
No objection was made.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sum of $41,309 40 shall be appropriated, out
ot any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, in satisfaction of the claim of
Nicholas M. Page, executor ot Samuel Miller,
of Campbell county, Virginia, for reimSnrse-
ment of that sum paid into the Tieasory of
the United States, the said sum having been
paid uiider a decree of the district court of the
district of Indiana, coniiscating 3100,000 in
the five per cent, -bonds of said State, and
$10,900 cash, being two years' interest, on
said bonds, belonging to said Samuel Miller,
which decree was afterward reversed and set
aside by the circuit court of the United States;
provided, however, that before such payment
shall be made to said executor the State bonds
which were the subject of such decree of con-
fiscation shall be deposited with the Secretary
of the Treasury of the United States, subject
to such disposition as the Legislature oi the
State of Indiana may see (it to make of the
same; which said State bonds are described
as follows, namely: No. 512, S12.000; No.
699, $4,000; No. 715, $4,000; No. 1328,
$9,000; No. 1519, ยง2,000; No. 1540, $3,000;
No. 1604, $5,000; No. 1063, $4,000;' No.
1708, 83,000; No. 2007, S4.000; No. 53,
$16,000 ; No. 2/7, ยง22.000; No. 354, S13.000;
No. 419, $3,000; and No. 1015, $5,000.
The amendment reported from the Commit-
tee of Claims was to strike out the words
and $10,900 cash, being two years' interest
on said bonds."
The question was upon agreeing to the
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. As
the report in this case is somewhat long, I will
state briefly the facts, in this case proceed-
ings were had, and these bonds were confiscated,
no notice being served on this old man. who
was some seventy five years of ago. Of the
proceeds of the bonds forty-odd thousand dol-
lars were paid into the Treasury of the United
States, and fort37-0Qd thousand dollars were
Claimed by the informants. At the close of the
war the old gentleman sent to Indiana, not
knowing that, any proceedings hail been had,
or that any effort had been made to confiscate
these bonds. When the facts were stated the
court decided that the case should be reopened.
The case was again tried before Justice Davis,
of the Supreme Court of the United Stales,
presiding; the court sent their clerk to take
the evidence, which showed that this man was
truly loyal, and that his bonds had been con-
fiscated without any authority of law; and it
