1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
stand that the bill was passed before in the
same form except that the terra " district
court" was used instead of "circuit court?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. When was it passed?
Mr. SHERMAN. At the last session, and
was returned by the President in a message stat-
ing that the court was erroneously described.
JUr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator does not
want it referred, it may lie on the table until
I look at it; but it is rather extraordinary to
pass a bill which reads as that does without
investigation.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that is the Senator's
point, I have no objection to the reference if
the Senator really desires it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
lie on the table for the present; and if there
be no action during the day it will be presented
again to-morrow morning.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. SPENCER presented the credentials
of George Goldthwaite, chosen by the Legis-
lature of the State of Alabama a Senator from
that State for the term commencing March 4,
1871; which were read and ordered to be
placed on file.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating copies of the reports of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Superin-
tendent Hoag, and J. D. Lang, relative to the
extension of the time of payment by settlers
on the Osage Indian lands in Kansas ; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND HH.UOIUALS.
Mr. DAVIS. I present a memorial of the
delegates of the Choctaw tribe of Indians,
praying for the passage of a bill to execute a
treaty with that nation. I move its reference
to the Committee on the Judiciary. In con-
nection with that subject I will ask leave to
bring in a bill for the same purpose, without
notice, with a view to have it referred to the
same committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
will be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and the bill reserved until bills are
reached.
Mr. ABBOTT. I present the memorial of
the annual meeting of the Society of Friends
of the State of North Carolina, asking the
attention of Congress to some mode by which
the cause of education may be promoted in
that State among the poor and ignorant. I
move that it be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of E. C. Knight, M. D., and forty-two other
citizens of Waterbury, Connecticut, praying
that the bill now pending before Congress for
the incorporation of a national university shall
provide for a professorship for the theory and
practice of homeopathy iu its medical depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
He also presented the petition of Edward
N. Shelton and one hundred and three other
citizens of Connecticut, praying for the estab-
lishment of a professorship of homeopathy in
the proposed national university at Washing-
ton ; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. SCOTT presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Chester county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the establishment of a professorship of
homeopathy in the proposed national univer-
sity at Washington; which were referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the petition of thirty-
four hundred soldiers, sailors, and officers of
the late war, residents of Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania, and vicinity, praying that the act of Con-
gress approved July IS, 1370, entitled "An act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 80, 1871," be
amended so as to allow the soldiers mentioned
in said section to enter the amount of land
therein allowed without settlement and cul-
tivation. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HxiMLIN. I have received a petition
very numerously signed, by some six or seven
hundred, of the principal citizens of Bangor,
Maine, asking that any bill which shall pass
Congress for the incorporation of a national
university shall provide, without possible eva-
sion, for a professorship of the theory and prac-
tice of homeopathy in the medical department.
I have also received and desire to present a
similar petition from the town of Rockport, in
the State of Maine. I move their reference to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN also presented the petition
of James E. French and others, of Moulton-
borough, Carrol county, New Hampshire, in
favor of the passage of the bill now pending
before the Senate To secure cheap transporta-
tion of breadstuffs and provisions from the West
to the sea-board, at uniform rates throughout
the year; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FENTON. I present a memorial, pray-
ing the Senate to pass House bill No. 2591.
The memorial is very brief, and the Clerk can
read it about as soon as 1 can state the con-
tents of it. I ask that it be read at the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate of the United States :
Your memorialists respectfully state that they
desire to lay a submarine cable between the United
States and Belgium; that the Government ot Bel-
gium has granted to citizens of the United States
permission to land the cable on its shores, and to
operate it in connection with the land telegraph
lines of Belgium and of Europe, under the rule's of
the Vienna convention; that, a contract has been
made for the manufacture of the cable; that the
necessary capital bus been subscribed in the United
States; that no aid in money or lands, no exclusive
privilege, is asked or desired from the Government
of the United States. The consent of Congress to
lay and operate this cable, under such rules as Con-
gress may be pleased to make, is all they desire.
Your memorialists have had perfected an auto-
matic telegraph machine, by whieh they now trans-'
mit over their new liae, between Washington and
New York, five hundred words a minute, and they
believe that they will be able to reduce the price of
a message of ten words between the United States
and Europe to one dollar, the present rate by the
monopoly being fifteen dollars.
Your memorialists respectfully pray that the Sen-
ate of the United States will pass House bill 2591,
being a general bill relatiug to telegraph communi-
cation between the United States and foreign coun-
tries, without amendment: because if sent back to
the House it is almost certain it will not be acted
upon by this Congress, and any amendment could
be made by a tuture Congress.
And your memorialists will ever prav.
ROBERT SQUIRES.
LYMAN TREMAliY,
ERASTUS CORNING, jr.,
HIRAM BARNEY,
(GEORGE W. RIGGS,
J. H. LATIiROP.
GEORGE HARRINGTON,
W. CL BARNEY,
for himself and above-named associates.
Washington, February 6,1871.
Mr. FENTON. I understand that the bill
to which this memorial refers has been reported
by the Committee on Foreign Relations and is
now on the Calendar. I therefore move that
the memorial lie on the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON". I desire also to present
tlie memorial of the Ladies' Union Relief
. Association of the city of New York, who ask
that the present laws be so amended that hon-
orably-discharged Union soldiers who served
in the late rebellion may have interment in the
national cemeteries free of cost. I infer from
the written note upon the margin of this me-
morial, by Mr. Waters, that he desires rac to
present it and move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Th<* motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I present the petition of
a large number of citizens and tax-payers of
the city of Washington, praying for the pas-
sage of the territorial bill now pending? beiere
a committee of conference. This petition is
signed by a very large and respectable portion
of the citiz'ens of the District, and is urgeut
in its request that that bill be passed, i ask
that it be referred to the committee of con-
ference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the usages of the Senate petitions
are not referred, to conference committees.
Mr. STE WART. Well, let it/be referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. " It will be laid on
the table, as the bill has passed both branches,
the amendments only being referred to the
committee of conference.
Mr. STEWART. Very well. '
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorial
of the board of couueilmen of the city of
Cincinnati, communicated to me by telegraph;
and as it is very brief and relates to an im-
portant subject, I will read it:
To the Congress of the United States:
The board of councilmen of the city of Cincinnati
would respectfully represent that while they are
warmly in favor of encouragingrailroad enterprises
and offering every reasonable faeilifcy to t-hese use-
ful and important channels of commerce, they feel
that the maintenance of the free navigation of the
Ohio river is a matter of vital importance to tlxe
material interests of this great manufacturing and
commercial city, and of vast importance to the
nation at large, as a natural channel of commerce
and cheap transportation; they believe that the
completion of the Newport and Cincinnati bridge
(now in process of construction) under its present
building plan would materially and seriously ob-
struct the free navigation of the river and greatly
lessen its usefulness as a competing and cheap ehau-
nel of transportation, and therefore they pray that
Congress will direct alterations in its building plan,
and cause it to be raised to such a height, as, in their
judgment, will preserve the tree navigation ot the
Ohio river.
J. F. BLACKBURN,
City Olerk.
As this subject is before the Committee on
the Judiciary, I move that this memorial be
referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN" presented the petitions
of Charles L. Cleveland, of Liberty county,
Texas,'and of J. J. Dollards, of Hardin county,
Texas, praying the removal of their political
disabilities; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
James Sommerville, of Pickens county, Ala-
bama, praying the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Joseph
B. Glover, of Buckingham county, Virginia, and
of G. R. Crigler, of Culpeper county, Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. COLE. I hold in my hand a petition
signed- by a very large number of citizens of
California asking that Congress take action
against the further absorption of the public
lands of the United States by railroad and
other corporations. The extreme care which
has been manifested by this Congress in refer-
ence to the disposition of the publie lands
meets to a great extent the point that these
citizens set forth in their'petition. Very few
or no grants of that description have been
made by this*Congress, and-none I think to
which there should be any considerable objec-
tion. A great many persons are under the
impression that the presentation of a bill grant-
ing lands to a corporation in some way binds
the Government. It is perhaps enough to
ptit citizens upon notice of their interests and
to require them to make their protests against
it; but it is a very different thing from the
passage of a bill actually so disposing of the
