1S2
TttE CONGBilSSiONAXj GLOBE.
December 16,
J. Morrell, Orth, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck,
Pomeroy, R-tinoy, Sawyer, Shanks, William J.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes. Trtffe, Town-
send, Xyner, Van Trump. Van Wyck, Whitmoro,
Wilhird, Williams, Winaus, Witeher, and Woli—53.
NOT VOTINGS—Messrs; Adams,' Ames; Archer,
Armstrong, Axtoll, Banks, Barry, Beaman, Blair,
Boles, iBowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Burdott, Burr,
Cake, Ossna,, Cleveland. Clinton Tj. Cobb. Crebs,
Cullom, Darrall, Dawes, Joseph Dixon, Nathan J?.
Dixon, Doekery, Dyer, illia, Fox, Gibson, Haight,
Haldeman, Hamilton, liawley, Hays, Hoar, Xlotch-
kiss, ItigersolK Jenekes, Alexander H. Jones. Kerr,
Lash, Lewis, Logan, McCarthy, McCormick, Morey,
Negley, Newsham, Paine, Pheip8, Poland, ltandal!,
Sargent. Porter Sheldon, Stevenson, Stiles, Strader,
Sweeney, Sypher, Tayior, Trimble, Van Auken, Van
Horn, Voorhees, Ward, Cadwalader C. Wnshbnrn.
Wolls, Wheeler, Wilkinson, and John X. Wil-
son—70.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
bill was passed.
MESSAGE EROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmpson,
one of its clerks, announced that that body had
passed bills of the House of the following titles
without amendment:
An act (H. B. No. 2327) making appropria-
tions for revenue-cutters;
An act (H. It. No. 1537) for the relief of
Richard P. Spencer; and
An act (H. It. No. 1971) for the relief of the
sureties of the late Captain A. E. Hetzell.
CALIFORNIA SETTLERS.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 2456) to restore to cer-
tain settlers in California rights taken from
them by acts of Congress ; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
IIUSH COLONIZATION ASSOCIATION.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, reported back a bill (H.
R. No. 16G3) to_ incorporate the Irish Colon-
ization Association ; and the same was referred
to the Committee on the Territories.
MESSAGE EROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, was communicated to the
House by Mr. Porter, his Private Secretary.
DUTIES ON SUGAR.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] gave notice yesterday
that he would call up to-day, after the morning
hour, a bill which he reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call up the bill (H. R. No. 2530) to amend
an act entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July
14, 1870, and to ask that it now be put on its
The bill was read. It provides that so much
of section twenty-one of the act to reduce in-
ternal taxes, and for other purposes, approved
July 14, 1870, so far as it relates to sugar, be
amended so it will read:
On all sugar not above number seven, Dutch stand-
ard in color, one and three quarter cents per pound.
. _ On alt sugar above number seven, Dutch standard
in color, and not above number ten, Dutch standard
in color, two cents per pound.
On all sugar above number ten, Dutch standard in
color, and not above number thirteen, Dutch eland-
ard m color, two and one quarter cents per pound.
On all sugar above number thirteen. Dutch stand-
ard in color, and not above number sixteen, Dutch
standard in color, two and threts quarter cents per
pound.
. On all sugar abovcnumbersixteen.Dutchstandard
m color, and not above number twenty, Dutch stand-
ard m color, three and one quarter cents per pound.
On all sugar above number twenty.' Dutch stand-
ard m color, and on -all refined loaf, imnp, crushed
 y regulation prescribe and require that samples
from packages of sugar shall be taken by the proper
officers, in such maimer as to usccrtaiu tlio true qual-
ity of such sugar; and tho wsights of saear imported
in e;.«lis or boxes shall bo marked distinctly by tho
ousiOM-housc weigher by scoring the figures indel-
ibly on oaih package: Provided, That all sirup of
su^-tr. of stigir-sirup cane juic<\ meiada. ctnceTi--
tratcd incJada, or concentrated inolafses, entered
under tho name o; molasdc-', sh.Jl be forfeited to the
United States,
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. llOOPER,, of Massachusetts. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, to explain to the House that
almost the only change which this bill makes
in the existing law is striking out the words
"raw or muscovado," so that sugars maybe
classed entirely by their numbers. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury has called the attention
of the committee to the subject, and we have
had a great many experts, parties who deal in
sugar, both importers and refiners, represent-
atives of all the different interests, who say
that it is impossible to construe the law as it is
at present. And the Secretary of the Treas-
ury recommends that this 'change be made.
There is one other change a!,so in regard to the
manner of taking samples. Instead of pre-
scribing the mode of taking samples it is left
to the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to his regulations. If any one will look
at the, law as it stands now be will find that
these are the only changes made by this bill,
and the object of the changes is to remove all
possible misconstruction of the law, I move
the previous question.
Mr. WOOD. Before the gentleman moves
the previous question will he permit me to say
a word ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood. J
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt
that the bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Meansisnecessaryunderthe circum-
stances. I will, however, take this opportunity
of saying that it is to be regretted that in our
hasty legislation it so frequently occurs that
we are obliged to amend our acts so soon after
their final passage. I also think that it will be
well hereafter, in oar legislation on matters of
the tariff affecting the commercial and import-
ing interests of the country, which require
stability more than anything else for their
security, that the committee who have charge
of this duty should avail themselves of prac-
tical information, and look rather to the pub-
lie interest than to the influences which too
often unfortunately surround them. The bill
now reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means is really to remedy a defect in the
original, which might have been avoided "with
a little more care on the part of the commit-
tee. I do not blame the committee for it,
because the haste with which we are obliged to
legislate here often creates errors unintention-
ally. Yet I do hope that hereafter, when we
legislate on a subject so delicate and so vitally
important as affecting hundreds of millions'
worth of merchandise and property continually
imported into the country, we will be more
careful and have some stability, so that import-
ers will know what to depend and rely upon.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether this
bill in any way, directly or indirectly, increases
the rates upon the articles specified ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I should
say that it does not. But it will depend on
the construction that may be given to the law,
the words "raw or muscovado sugar" being
taken out, the highest rate upon which is two
cents. I do not think that was the original
intention. It will depend entirely upon the
construction of the law whether this will in-
crease the duty upon some sugars—the finer
articles. It brings them all down to the
standard of color, striking out the distinction
derived frotu_ the mode of manufacture, so
that sugars of the same quality, by whatever
mode "manufactured, shall pay the same rate
of duly. I would say one word in reply to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
This bill, as now reported, is very much in
the form of the bill as it left this House. The
word that made the trouble was put in either
in the Senate or in the conference committee,
where. I agree with the gentleman, these is very
of'eu hasty legislation As the bill is reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means. I think
it will be entirely satisfactory, both to the mer-
chants and the Treasury Department. I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
belaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. WINANS. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on the Public
Lands, with a view to put it upon its passage,
a bill extending the time within which States
may accept the grant of lands made by the
act entitled "An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts," approved July 2, 1862,
and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that any State
may accept and shall be entitled to the benefits
of the agricultural college bill by expressing
its acceptance thereof, as provided in said bill,
within one year from the date of the approval
of this act, snbjectto the conditions contained
in said hill; provided that any State may elect
to apply the scrip, or the proceeds thereof, in
aid of common schools instead of agricultural
and mechanical colleges. The bill provides
that in such case this election by the State shall
be stated in its acceptance, and thereupon the
said scrip and the proceeds thereof are to be
applied accordingly. The bill further provides
that the State of Georgia may express its assent
and be entitled to the benefits of the act within
one year from the time at which that State shall
be admitted to representation in the Congress
of the United States.
Mr. ALLISON. It seems to me 6hat is a
very important bill, but I do not wish to object
to its consideration.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to its considera-
tion.
JOHN It. WALLACE
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2539) for the removal
of the political and civil disabilities of John
R. Wallace, of York county, South Carolina;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the select Committee on Recon-
struction.
STEPHANIE THOSE.
Mr. MUNGEN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2540) for the relief
of Mrs. Stephanie Trone, a subject of the
French Government; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
VIOLATIONS OF REVENUE LAWS, ETC.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
to submit for consideration at this time the
resolution which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
llaolved, That the Secretary of tho Treasury is
hereby directed to cause to be laid before the House
of Representatives, at as early a day as practicable—
1. A detailed statement of all sei7AU-es, suits, and
prosecutions since the 1st, day of January, 186S, ior
violations of the internal revenue laws.
2. Alike statement of the final disposition o i nil
goods,wares, and merchandise and otherthlni?s what-
ever so seized; of the amounts of all sales of any of
the same, and the disposition of the same; of nil of
such property released or restored to the pM'ties*
and the inducement for. tho consideration of, mid
the terms ot each such release or restoration.
o. Alike statement of ail such goods, wares, and
merchandise and other things still held undei such
seizures.
4. A like statement of the disposition or pre-enfc
condition of ail such suits and prosecutions fjpefi'v-
. in;? the ;imonms of all judgments obtained and fines
jj r.npo.-cl, and of all moneys collected on K"c;umt
; thereof, ami of all fines, penalties, and i'erfemues
n remitted and released, in whole or in part, and the
