l&fc
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
public reservation in the city of Washington
to the Island Institute; and the same was laid
■on the table.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. COOK, from the same committee, report-
ed back a bill (H. R. No. 740) relative to pri-
vate land claims under the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, with amendments; which were ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider and
lay upon the table all motions of reference.
The motion was agreed to ; and then (at ten
minutes past two o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ATWOOD: The petition of J. Q.
Preble & Co., W. E. and E. D. Lockwood &
Co., and numerous others, asking for such
legislation as will relieve them from injurious
competition from the Government in the manu-
facture of envelopes.
Also, resolutions of the International Typo-
graphical Union of North America, protesting
against the using of public moneys for the
printing of private business cards on stamped
envelopes.
By Mr. BENNETT : A petition from envel-
ope manufacturers and printers ia Buffalo,
New York, asking the discontinuance of the
manufacture and sale of stamped envelopes by
the Government.
By Mr. CONNER: The petition of Gideon
Mills, of Hood county, Texas, for the relief of
his political disabilities.
By Mr. NIBLACK: ThememorialofAndrew
J. Carroll, of Washington city, District of Co-
lumbia, for damages for losses sustained from
his Btore being broken into by United States
soldiers on the 23d day of May, 1865.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of John N.
Davis, of Goochland county, Virginia, praying
•the removal of his legal and political disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution.
Also, thepetition of Price T. Barritz, ofMont-
gomery county, Virginia, praying the removal
of his legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of J. P.
MeGaughey, J. W. Vaughn, and A. H. East, of
Arkansas, for relief from disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Also, the petition of J. H. Icoby, A. B. Car-
dovo, P. J. Cameron, M. M. Duffie, and others,
of Arkansas, for relief from disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Also, thepetition of Joseph Gray and others,
of Arkansas, for relief from disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
By Mr. SARGENT : The petition of Rufus
Shoemaker, of Nevada county, California, for
the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. UPSON : The petition of John B.
Pratt, a soldier of the war of 1812, for a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of Isaac N. Pratt, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Alexander Weed, a
soldier of the war of 1812, for a pension.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
Hamilton & Co., for payment of supplies
furnished in suppressing Indian war in Ore-
gon. .
Also, the petition of Alfred Smith, asking
indemnity for wrongful imprisonment by the
United States authorities.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 19, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of last Friday's proceedings was
read and approved.
SAMUEL MILLER.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 673) for the
relief of Nicholas M. Page, executor of Sam-
uel Miller, of Campbell county, Virginia.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in lines eleven and twelve to strike out the
words "and $10,900 cash, being two years'
interest on said bonds."
The VICE PRESIDENT. What action will
the Senate take on this amendment?
Mr. HO WE. Let it lie on the table for a few
minutes. I should like to have the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill and the
amendment will lie on the table for the present.
Mr. SCOTT subsequently said: I have ex-
amined the bill (S. No. 673) for the relief of
Nicholas M. Page,*executor of Samuel Miller,
of Campbell county, Virginia, and the amend-
ment made thereto by the House of Represent-
atives. The amendment simply removes an
ambiguity as to the amount of the appropria-
tion. I move that the Senate concur in the
amendment. It is entirely proper.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution, re-
ceived from the House of Representatives on
Friday last, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (IT. R. No. 1188) for the payment
of Richard M. Green for the use of his pat-
ent by the Government—to the Committee on
Patents.
The bill (H. R. No. 2535) for the relief of
Noah Fisher—to the Committee on Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 2537) for the relief of
John Kelly, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
for the reissue of certain bonds, &c.—to the
Committee on Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 2538) to relieve certain
persons of their disabilities under the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States—to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
The bill ('H. R. No. 1963) for the relief
of William T, Stotts—to the Committee on
Claims.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 420) for the
relief of William P. Thomasson—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
" ERROR IN ENROLLMENT.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 419) to cor-
rect an error in the enrollment of the law in
relation to the pay of grand and petit jurors
was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a resolu-
tion to correct an error in the enrollment of a
law, and will be referred to the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose, as that is a
resolution to correct an error in the enrollment
of a law, we might as well pass it at once,
whether we thought it best or not.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. It proposes to re-
peal the third section of the act approved July
15, 1870, to provide for the compensation of
grand and petit jurors in the circuit and dis-
trict courts in the United States, and for other
purposes, that section having been enrolled
by mistake.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scott] knows all about the
matter.
Mr. SCOTT. The section in regard to which
the mistake was committed was one that affected
only the mode of drawing jurors for United
States courts in Pennsylvania. If it had been
permitted to stand we should have been left
without a mode of selecting jurors in Pennsyl-
vania, and the committee of conference struck
it out. By mistake it was inserted in the en-
rollment, and the bill was signed by the Pres-
ident with the section in it. This bill corrects
the mistake and again strikes it out.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DUTIES ON SUGAR.
The bill (H. R. No. 2530) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14, 1870,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill has been before
the Committee on Finance, and it ought to pass
this week, in order that it may take effect at
once. I therefore ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take it up now. If it is taken up I
will explain it in a moment.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. SHERMAN. The change this bill makes
is in striking out of the law of the last session
the words "raw or muscovado" in the class-
ification of sugars, and it also makes a little
change in regard to samples of packages. It
is recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and it is clearly necessary. I would not
say a word about it except for the fact that I
notice in the proceedings of the House of Rep-
resentatives, when this bill was pending, the
following remark made by Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts, who most certainly would not
state anything he did not think was true or
correct at the time:
" The word that made the trouble was put in either
in the Senate or in the conference committee, where,
I agree with the gentleman, there is very often hasty
legislation. As the bill is reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, I think it will be entirely
satisfactory, both to the merchants ami the Treasury
Department."
Now the truth is that the words cam« to us
"raw or muscovado" in the bill of the House
of Representatives. I have before me now the
bill as it came from the House, in which the
very classification here complained of as incor-
rect was used by the House. The Senate com-
mittee, after a careful examination of the whole
sugar tariff, entirely changed the House prop-
osition, made a new classification, and struck
out the words "raw or muscovado." In other
words,we reported the bill precisely as it is now
sent to us, and did it after a patient and care-
ful examination; and so the Senate passed it;
but the House conferees refused to agree to
strike out the words "raw or muscovado,"
which I think in the classification create a
difficulty in ascertaining the quality of sugar.
The House now have sent to us a bill in the
very words agreed upon last session by the
Senate. Of course we are very glad to have
it passed. I have a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury showing the necessity of this
bill in order to remove ambiguity. If no Sen-
ator desires to hear it read, I shall not ask it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that there
is any objection to this bill, for I do not suffi-
ciently understand its effect in raising or re-
ducing the duty upon sugars to know whether
it is objectionable or not. The Senator informs
us that it is acceptable to the merchants and
to the Treasury Department. I should like
to know whether it will be acceptable to the
people of the country. They are somewhat
interested in the amount of duties they pay.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated before that it
did not change the law in any respect so far
as the rate of duty or the classification is con-
cerned, but it strikes out the words " raw or
muscovado." As the law now reads it is "on
all raw or muscovado sugar not above No. 11
Dutch standard."
The words "raw or muscovado" are struck
out. The only test of sugar is to be what is
