980
1MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Buckingham, Cameron,
Cattell. Cole, Cragin, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,Hill, Howell.
McCreery. McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morrill'of
Vermont, Patterson, Bezels, Schur , Stearns, Thur-
man, and Vickcrs—23.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Bills from the
Committee on Commerce are now in order.
PRESERVATION OF FOOD FISHES. "
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 468.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bills indicated by the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce will be con-
sidered as before the body without a formal
vote. He calls up first the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 468) for the protection and pres-
ervation of the food fishes of the coast of the
United States; which is before the Senate £8
in Committee of the Whole.
The resolution provides for the appointment
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, from ampng the ciyil
officers or employes of the Government, of one
person of proved scientific and practical ac-
quaintance with the fishes of the coast, to be
commissioner of fish and fisheries, to serve
without additional salary. The commissioner
is to prosecute investigations and inquiries (jr)
the subject, with the view of ascertftinipg
whether any and what diminution in the nuni-
ber of the food fishes of the coast and the lakes
of the United States has taken place; and if
so, to what causes the same is due; and also
whether any and what protective, prohibitory,
or precautionary measures should be adopted
in the premises, and to report upon the same
to Congress. The heads of the Executive
Departments are directed to cause to be ren-
dered all necessary and practical aid to the
commissioner in the prosecution of his invest-
igations and inquiries. The commissioner
may take or cause to be taken at all times,
in the waters of the sea-coast of the United
States where the tide ebbs and flows, and also
in the waters of the lakes, such fish or speci-
mens thereof as may in his judgment, from
time to time, be needful or proper for the con-
duct of his duties, any law, custom, or usage
of any State to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. THAYER. I appeal to the justice 
Mr. CHANDLER. As I have said awhile
ago, I have twenty-eight bills, and if there is
any discussion on any one I shall not be able
to get through more than half of them. I
should be very glad to yield to my friend from
Nebraska, as he knows, if I could possibly do
so, but i must have at least twenty bills con-
sidered.
Mr. THAYER. I was going to appeal to
the justice it not the magnanimiiy of my friend
from Michigan to allow me to call up a bill
which was nearly perfected the other day, and
which, f imagine, wiil take but a few minutes
now to pass. There is a public necessity for
its passage, and if my friend will yield me the
floor long enough I shall take it as a great
favor.
Mr. NYE. That pertains to commerce too.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, that pertains to com-
merce.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
me to go on for an hour or two with uncontested
bills?
Mr. THAYER. It is a bridge bill. The
amendments are now perfected and we can
pass it in a few minute3.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us go on with the
business before us.
The VICli PRESIDENT. House joint
resolution No. 4G8 is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
'Ihe joint resoluiion was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
POUT OF ST. PAUL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the i
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 206.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to eonsider the bill (S. No. 206) to
detach the port of St. Paul from the collection
district of Minnesota and to annex it to the
collection district of Louisiana, and for other
purposes. The first section proposes to detach
the port of St. Paul, on the Mississippi river,
now included in the collection district of Min-
nesota, from that district, and to constitute it
a part of the collection district of Louisiana.
The second section constitutes St. Paul a port
of delivery, subject to the same regulations
and restrictions as other ports of delivery in
the United States. A surveyor of customs is
to reside.at that port, who shall, in addition
to his own duties, perform the duties and re-
ceive the salary and emoluments of surveyor
prescribed by the act of Congress approved on
the 2d day of March, 1831, providing for the
payment of duties on imported goods at cer-
tain ports therein mentioned, entitled "An act
allowing duties on foreign merchandise im-
ported into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati,
Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez,
to be secured and paid at those places;" but
the compensation of the surveyor is not to
exceed the sum of $2,000 in any one year, or
pro rata for any time less than a year. By
the third section the collection district of St.
Marks, in the State of Florida, is hereafter to
be known as the district of Cedar Keys, and
the port of entry for the district is to be at
Cedar Keys. The collector of the district is
required to reside at Cedar Keys, to which
place the records and books belonging to the
district shall be removed; and St. Marks is
hereafter to be a port of delivery only. By
the fourth section San Diego, in the collec-
tion district of San Francisco, California, is
constituted a port of delivery, at which port
a deputy collector is to be appointed and
stationed, with a salary not exceeding $1,800
per annum.
Mr. OSBORN. I move that all that portion
of the bill relating to the removal of the port
of entry from St. Mark's to Cedar Keys be
stricken out, as a bill to that effect passed only
a few days ago.
Mr. CHANDLER. That has been done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Florida moves to strike out the third section of
the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I ask for the .reading of that
part about San Diego.
Mr. CHANDLER. That had better be
stricken out also.
Mr. COLE. Very well. That ought to be
done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
will be regarded as agreed to. The fourth sec-
tion is stricken out.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed. and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended by striking out the
words " and for other purposes."
CUSTOMS OATHS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 1261.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill will
be considered as before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and its title will be re-
ported.
The Chief Clebk. A bill (8. No. 1201)
providing for the administration of oaths and
affirmations by collectors of customs aud sur-
veyors acting as collectors of customs.
The bill provides that when any person elect-
ed, appointed, or employed under the Govern-
ment of the Uuited States is or shall be re-
quired, by law or regulation, to take an oath
or make affirmation, it shall be lawful for a
collector of customs, or surveyor of customs
acting as collector, to administer such oath or
take such affirmation. And the parties so
making oath or affirmation before a collector
of customs, or surveyor acting as such shall
be liable for perjury, and may be convicted
thereof in any court of justice in the same
manner as if said o&th or affirmation had been
administered by a magistrate or other officer
by law authorized to administer oaths in the
State or Territory where such oath shall be
administered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator from
Michigan if he intends to empower these col-
lectors of customs to administer oaths of every
nature and description, or whether he intends
to apply it to custom-honse business?
Mr. CHANDLER. To custom-house busi-
ness. ■
Mr. WILLIAMS. The way the bill stands,
now, it would authorize the collector to admin-
ister an oath in court or anywhere else. I
move to amend by inserting after the word
"affirmation" the words "in relation to busi-
ness connected with the revenue."
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
INTERCOURSE W1TU BRITISH PROVINCES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 1114.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1114)
in relation to commercial intercourse between
the United States and the British North
American possessions and the republic of
Mexico. The bill proposes to authorize the
President, whenever in his judgment the pub-
lic interest may require it, to issue his proc-
lamation suspending the operation, in respect
to the provinces or territories therein to be
designated, of all laws and regulations whereby
the right of transit in bond or of entry with a
right of drawback of duties on exportation is
allowed to foreign merchandise brought into
the United States for the purpose of inland
transportation to the Dominion of Canada or
other adjacent British possessions in North
America or to places in the republic of Mexico.
From the date of such proclamation, unless
some other date be thereby assigned for that
purpose, the operation of all such laws and
regulations shall be and remain suspended as
to the provinces and territories named in the
proclamation, until sueh suspension shall be
revoked by further proclamation of the Pres-
ident or by act of Congress. It further author-
izes the President, whenever in his judgment
such a measure shall be expedient, to declare
the suspension, in the same manner and with
the like effect, of all laws whereby the vessels
of the Dominion of Canada, or of any other
British possession or possessions in North
America, to be named in the proclamation,
are permitted to enter the waters of the United
States, saving, however, to such vessels such
rights a3 may be granted by treaty between
the United States and Great Britain.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section one,
lines four and five, to strike out the words
"issue his proclamation suspending" and
insert "suspend by proclamation."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line sixteen, after the words "suspended as
to'1 insert "such of," and in line seventeen,
after " aforesaid," insert the words "as shall
be;" so as to read :
The operation of all such lawg and regulations
shall be and remain suspended as to such of the
provinces and territories as aforesaid as shall be
named in the proclamation, to.
The amendment was agreed to.
