982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
"at" and insert the word "of" before the
words " Dame's Point."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bil! was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended by striking out the word
"at" and inserting the word "of."
CANAL AND EEKUY BOATS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
joint resolution No. 449.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (H.
li. No. 449) to exempt certain boats from the
payment of marine hospital does, and for other
purposes. It provides that the provisions of
an act entitled1 'An act to reorganize the marine
hospital service, and to provide for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen," approved June
29, 1870, and also the provisions of the first
section of a certain other act entitled "An act
to regulate the foreign and coasting trade on
the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers of the United States, and for other
purposes," approved July 1, 1870, shall not
apply to nor be construed to include canal-
boats employed in navigating the canals within
the United States, notwithstanding such canal-
boats tnay be enrolled or licensed for the coast-
ing trade; and no person employed in or con-
nected with the navigation, management, or
use of canal-boats in the coasting trade is by
reason thereof to be entitled to any benefit or
relief from the marine hospital fund. The
second section proposes to amend the seventh
section of the act of July 1, 1870, mentioned
in the first section, so as to extend to all
vessels navigating the waters of the frontiers
otherwise than by sea the fees for the entrance
and clearance of which shall be as follows:
for the entry of a vessel direct from a foreign
port, fifty cents; for the clearance of a vessel
to a foreign port, fifty cents; but ferry-boats
running on routes duly bonded, and used ex-
clusively for carrying" sealed cars, under the
provision of sections five and six of the act of
July 28, 18G6, and the regulations of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and ferry-boats carry-
ing passengers and their personalbaggageouly
are not to be required to enter or clear, or to
pay entrance or clearance feesbut such bag-
gage is, however, to be subject to the provisions
of section forty-six of the act of March 2, 1799,
and acts supplementary thereto ; and enrolled
or liceused vessels departing from or arriving
at a port in one collection district to or from
a port in another collection district, and also
touching at intermediate foreign ports, are not
thereby to become liable to the payment of
entry and clearance fees or tonnage tax, as if
from or to foieign ports ; but such vessels are,
nevertheless, to be required to enter and elear.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
oysteit island.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
joint resolution No. 235.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (H.
It. No. 235) ceding to the State of New York
Oyster Island, in the harbor of New York. It
ptoposes to cede jurisdiction over the reefs in
the hurbor of New York, known as Oyster
Island, to the State of New York, to be used
under the authority of the laws of that State
for sanitary purposes, or the ereciion of ware-
houses lor tiie reception of merchandise sub-
ject to quarantine, the island having been cot;
Veyed to the United States by the Slate of
New York in the } ear 1800, without, the pay-
ment of any consideration, lor military pur-
poses, but which has never been used tor any
purpose whatever.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
joiat resolution with an amendment, to add
the following proviso:
Provided, That the right is hereby reserved to the
United States to resume said island whenever the
same shall be needed for military or other purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. -
Mr. COLE. I desire to suggest a verbal
amendment to the amendment adopted in
committee. I move to insert the words " pos-
session of" aftertheword "resume;" so that
the proviso will read:
Provided, That the right is hereby reserved to the
United States to resume possession of said island
whenever the same shall be needed for military or
other purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OF BISCAYNE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 983.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 983) to
establish the collection district of Biscayne, in
the State of Florida. It proposes to constitute
that portion of the State of Florida upon the
southeastcoast lying between Canaveral light
and Sombero light, on Bahia Hondo key, in-
cluding the mainland keys and the lights, a
custom collection district, to be called the dis-
trict of Biscayne, of which Biscayne, in the
county of Dade, is to be the only port of entry.
A collector of customs is to be appointed for
the district who is to reside at the port of entry,
and to be entitled to the same compensation
that is allowed to collectors of customs on
the northern, northeastern, and northwestern
frontiers of the United States, by the second
section of the act approved June 17, 1864;
but the aggregate maximum compensation of
the collector of Biscayne is not to exceed
$1,000, which is to be the entire, compensa-
tion allowed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
japan steam navigation company.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 1054.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1054) to incorporate the Japan Steam Navi-
gation Company.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) This bill has been once
before the Senate, and the amendments rec-
ommended by the Committee on Commerce
have been agreed to, and the bill will now be
reported as amended.
The Chief Cierk read the bill, as amended,
as follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That Richard B. Irwin, Samuel
K. Ilolman, and Hal! McAllister, of San Francisco ;
1'rancis Skiddy, and D. Randolph Martin, of New
York ; and George E. Laue, of Yokuhama, Japan,
and such other persons as may be associated with
them, and their successors, are created a body poli-
tic and corporate by the name, style, and title of the
Japan Steam Navigation Company, and by that
name shall have perpetual succession, and may con-
tract and be contracted with, sue and be sued, plead
and be impleaded, defend and be defended, in all
courts of law and equity within the United States,
and may make and have a common seal. And the
said corporation shall have power to own and char-
ter steam and other vessels, and employ the same in
navigation upon the rivers and navigable waters of
Japan, China, and the north Pacific ocean, and may
purchase, lease, hold, and convey such real and per-
sonal property of every kind as may be required tor
the convenient transaction of its business.
Sec. 2. And be it. further enncled, That the capital
stock of the said corporation at its organization shall
be SI,000,000, to be divided into shares of $10J each,
and said shares of stock shall bo personal property,
transferable on the books of the company only; and
said capital stock may bo increased from time to
time us may be necessary, for tile general purpost-s
of said company; but at any increase of the capital
stock each stockholder at the time thereof shall be
entitled pro rata to the new shares, upon payment
of their par value at the time and in the manner
required. And nodividend shall be declared or paid
when the capital would bo thereby impaired.
Sec. 3. And be it further enncted, That the said
company shall have power to makesuen by-laws not
contrary to this act or the laws of (he United States
as it deems necessary.
Sec. 4. And be 'itfurther enacted. That the stock,
property, and affairs of the said corporation shall
bejnansged by a board consisting of not more than
nine nor less than five directors, citizens of tho
United States, and they may select from their own
number a president and appoint such other officers
and agents as they may deem proper.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted. That whenever
the whole amount of stock shall have been sub-
scribed, the corporators, or a majority of them, shall
give notice of the time and place for holding a meet-
ing of the corporation for tne purpose of organizing,
and thereafter an annual meeting and election snail
be held by the stockholders, at all of whichmeetmgs
each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote tor
every share of stock held by him, and a majority ot
the whole number of votes east in person and by
proxy shall decide. Notice of the time and place ot
the first and every subsequent meeting of the stock-
holders shall be publisbedinatleasttwonews apers
in the city where the principal office of said com-
pany may be located, and mailed to each stockholder
at least fourteen days before the appointed day. The
principal office of said company shall be in the city
of New York or San Francisco.
Sec. 6. And beitfurther enacted, Thatnothing Con-
tained in this act shall be construed to authorize
anything in conflict with tho treaties or laws in force
in any country where said corporation may do busi-
Bess.
Sec. 7. And be it further entcted. That Congress
may at any time alter or amend this act.
Mr. BAYARD. As I understand this bill
it is an act of incorporation, to take effect
outside of this District, for purposes general
to the entire territory of the United States.
Already, I believe, one committee of this body
have very wisely come to the understanding
that they will report no bills for the incorpor-
ation of companies to operate outside of the
District of Columbia; that for the purposes
of the local business of this District they will
exercise the undoubted right of Congress to
ereate corporations to carry on business within
it; but that they are entirely opposed to the
creation of corporations to have operation
throughout the entire country. I hope the
Senate is disposed to assent to that proposi-
tion, and that we have now seen the last of
these measures of general incorporation of
companies intended to place them beyond the
jurisdiction of State laws. This is not the
first bill, but it is one of the first class of biils
proposing to exercise a power of doubtful con-
stitutionality, to say the least. But whether
constitutional or not, the question of expe-
diency, of propriety, I think, is all on one side
of this case.
I propose now that this bill shall be passed
over and no further action taken upon it for
the present until this question in the gross
shall be considered by the Senate, and they
shall make up their minds whether or not they
will attempt to exercise this power, which I
call doubtful at the best, of creating corpora-
tions which shall have authority to act all over
the United States, without responsibiliiy to
the several States either for purposes of taxa-
tion or other justifiable purposes of local con-
trol. I trust, therefore, that this bill will be
passed by for the present. The subject is a
very grave, one, is worthy of a very extended
and elaborate discussion, aud it is one con-
cerning which I hope the Senate will express
a positive opinion of their unwillingness to
embark upon this wholesale system of incor-
poration.
These things should properly be left to the
States. There is abundant and unquestioned
power in the States for the creation of all cor-
porate bodies to facilitate the combinations of
capital, to facilitate all the just and lawful
operation's of business. Why, then, should
Congress be now made the source of creating
this system of incorporations and of furthering
its extent throughout the country?
I trust, sir, that this bill will be passed over
for the present. I say nothing with regard to
the abstract merit of the proposition ; hut I do
say that it is time for the Congress of the
