1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
United States to consider the propriety of
stepping one foot further in this direction of
general incorporations. There is nothing to
Ere vent these parties from going to the State
legislature of any State of the Union, of
going to the Legislature of California, where,
I presume, their principal terminus of busi-
ness will be, or of going to the Legislature of
the State of New York, or of any other State,
and there obtaining a just and proper charter
for their business, under the proper and usual
limitations. I do trust that the Senate will
carefully consider this question, and not pro-
ceed further in this general system of incorpor-
ations.
Mr. CORBETT. This bill is simply a bill
to establish a corporation for the purpose of
navigation in Japan, not in the United States,
in order that a company of American citizens
may increase the commerce of this nation in
foreign countries. The purpose is to give
these gentlemen a standing in o.ur consular
courts in Japan, where they may be heard,
where they may have the protection of the
United States Government. These gentlemen
seemed to think that it was necessary to ob-
tain a charter from Congress in order that they
might navigate those waters and come within
the consular jurisdiction there. I cannot see
any objection to increasing the commerce of
this country and allowing our own citizens to
navigate foreign waters, and there reap the
benefit and profit derived from that commerce
without any subsidy whatever. If our citizens
can do this without any subsidy, I cannot
imagine what objection there can be to it. A
few of our citizens have thought that they
could profitably engage in the navigation of
the rivers of Japan, provided they could get
a charter from the United States. Now, ihe
question is simply whether we are willing to
give them a charter for that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest an
amendmeut in section six of the bill, page 3,
line two, after the word "amend" to insert
the words "or repeal;" so that the section
will read, " That Congress may at any time
alter or amend or repeal this aet."
Mr. CORBEI'T. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing to accept
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. There is one name that I
desire to have inserted among the incorporators
named in the bill. In line four, after the words
"San Francisco," I move to insert the name
of Charles N. Felton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. BAYARD. Will an objection tothe con-
sideration of this bill cause its postponement?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been twice read, and it is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole for con-
sideration.
Mr. BAYARD. That does not make less
fertinent the question that I was about to ask.
understood that the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Commerce had agreed that
only those bills of his committee that were
unobjected to should now be considered.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; I said i should
call up those unobjected to first; which I
have done.
Mr. DAVIS. lam opposed to this bill, sub-
stantially upon the grounds just presented by
the honorable Senator from Delaware. I pre-
sume that one of the purposes of getting char-
ters for State corporations from Congress, in
essence and in truth, is to exempt their prop
erty from State taxation. Now, as the honor-
able Senator from Delaware suggests, there
can be no difficulty in getting this charter
from the Legislature of California, I presume.
A corporation that had its existence by an
aet of the Legislature of that, or any other
State would have its rights, under our com-
plex system, precisely as a natural individual
would have.
^ Mr. CORBET T. I ask the Senator from
Kentucky if this company's boats and prop-
erty sailing on the waters of Japan will not be
subject to taxation in that country without this
act of incorporation from us. ' I understand
that they will; and the purpose of the bill is
simply to give them a charter in order that
they may have a standing in our consular
courts there.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe that the suggestion
of my honorable friend is rather a concession
of the existence of one of the purposes which
I think this charter was sought for: it is to
have the property of this company exempt
from taxation in California. The position
that he assumes is, inferentially, that it ought
to be so exempt because it will be subject to
taxation in Japan. Suppose the property is
owned in California, ought it not to be sub-
ject to taxation there?
But, Mr. President, this wrong and licentious
course that is beginning to be indulged by Con-
gress of creating corporations that are to have
existence and locality and to transact their
business anywhere in the United States as well
as out of the United States is, I think, essen-
tially bad legislation. I admit that Congress
has the power to regulate commerce with for-
eign nations. Whether that be a power which
would authorize this act of incorporation is
very questionable, and whether, even if it did
authorize it, it. would be just and expedient to
pass this act of incorporation, I think is very
doubtful. In truth, I think it ought not to pass,
because I cannot misapprehend that the pur-
pose of the honorable Senator from Oregon is
to have the property that may be owned by this
corporation exempt from taxation by the au-
thorities of the State of California. Under the
power to exercise exclusive legislation within
the District of Columbia certainly you cannot
derive the power to pass this act of incorpora-
tion. The question then resolves itself simply
into this proposition: will Congress pass au
act of incorporation the effect and the pur-
pose of which is to exempt all the property
that may be owned by the corporation, although
it is located and owned (except when it is in
transit across the seas) in the State of Califor-
nia, from taxation by the authorities of that
State? For myself, I am not disposed to vote
for such an act of incorporation.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President. I hope this little
bill will be allowed to pass. It seems to be
almost impossible for Congress to do anything
that will tend in the least degree to build up
our commerce. My understanding, I will state
to the Senator from Kentucky, is that if we
have a national corporation it will be exempt
from taxation in Japan; and if we can accom-
plish that, I think it will be a little gained;
and I propose rather to help the people of this
country than the people of Japan. If they do
not make any objection to it 1 do not see why
we should. It seems really to have come to
this, that we cannot propose a bill here to in-
corporate a steamship line, we cannot talk of
subsidies, we cannot talk about doing anything
to build up our commerce, without meeting
with stern, stubborn opposition from some
quarter or other. I hope this little boon that
is asked for, of granting an act of incorpora-
tion for the purpose stated, will not be denied.
It is nothing new. This Government has
granted charters of incorporation for home
purposes and for foreign purposes, and I do
not see why an exception should be made ia
this case.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the question raised in
this case presents itself in another aspect than
that suggested by the honorable Senator from
Nevada. It seems to me that every "ring"
which may be formed anywhere in the United
States for any purpose, if its representatives
in Congress come here and ask (or a charter
for any purpose or any object, is to have it.
Now, I think it plain and palpable that the
purpose of asking for this charter, and through
the color of au act of incorporation by Con-
gress over the properly that may be owned by
the corporators, is to exempt it from local and
State taxation. The honorable Senator from
Nevada in his grandeur may regard that as a
small object. I do not. I say that property
owned by the people of California, or by the
people of Japan, if brought to California and
localized there for any purpose, is a legitimate
subject for the exercise of the power of taxa-
tion by that State; and I am opposed to this
tendency that has been in operation so long
of Congress absorbing all the powers of the
States as well as Exercising the legitimate
powers of the General jGovernmenf. Local
taxation is a State power, and it ought to be
left to the States, without any cover or shield
of exemption from taxation under the color
of an aet of Congress; and it is in that aspect
that I am opposed to this bill. It seeks to
push forward another step the tendency of
congressional legislation to ignore ail subjects
of legislation from State authority and to con-
centrate them in Congress. I think that one
of the purposes, and one of the obvious and
common purposes of such legislation as this, is
to give to the property that may be owned by
corporations of this character exemption from
State taxation and State authority.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
alkiw me to say a few words at this point?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky places his opposition to this bill on
the old and captured doctrine of State rights;
and the honorable Senator is so tenacious on
that subject that he undertakes to speak for
the State of California in behalf of her right to
charter corporations and claim thereby the
right to tax them, by virtue of a ship owned by
this company being owned in California.
Now, Mr. President, I do not know who the
corporators in this bill are. I have never read
the bill. I do not belong to any "ring"—I
give this notice to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky—-any more than he does; and when
I make a suggestion or any other Senator
makes a suggestion in behalf of commerce, I
do not like the idea of its being charged that
he or I belong to anybody's "ring." It is
palpable what this bill is for. It ii to put on
the water a line of steamships that shall not
touch at a single port of ours, but to be used
iu a distant country.
I do not see myself any difference as to the
right to tax, whether they hold their property
in California by virtue of a national charter or
a State charter. If their property is there, our
charter certainly does not prevent it from being
taxed-; and if their ships are built under a law
passed by the State of California, that does
not exempt them. I do not think it makes
the least difference, in the taxation of their
property, whether it is held under a Govern-
ment charter or a State charter. This is an
ideal objection got up against this bill. I do
not believe that there is the least difference as
to the property being taxable, between its
being held under a United States charter and
under.a charter from any State.
But, Mr. President, the lime has come when
Congress has got to assert or deny its right to
grant charters as well as the States. When
it is proposed to build an air-line railroad from
here to New Y'ork up rises the majesty of the
States between us and our purpose. Is the
power of Congress to be bounded by five miles
square? It used to have ten miles; but by
reason of the goodness of Congress five miles
were ceded back again to Virginia, and now
we are told that the power of Cougress is lim-
ited by the District of Columbia in granting
charters. I take this occasion to dissent from
that opinion entirely. Congress, in my judg-
ment, has a right to do these things ; and 1 may
add furthermore that it is as much the duly
of Congress s.o aid the citizens of the United
States, if it can. by granting them the means
