984
fffil CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 0,
to control or help control the commerce of the
world as it is to do anything else.
Nowthis little request that is asked for—and
by whom, I do not know—to have authority to
build some ships and to put a line of steam-
ships on the waters of Japan and China, is met
by this formidable objection; that it should
be done by the States instead of the General
Government. I do not know why. Repeat-
edly we have granted charters in Congress
where the functions of the corporation were to
be performed in the States. Repeatedly have
we granted charters here where the functions
were to be discharged, if the corporators chose,
in every State in this Union and in foreign
countries. And now we are told- that we are
driven back to the State of California, or to
some other State, to get a charter for this great
work of constructing these ships that are to
touch the shores of foreign countries!
Mr. President, if that is the sense of the
Senate it may as well be tested upon this bill
as upon any other; but I submit that itas not
and it should not be the sense of the Ameri-
can Senate to drive everybody to a distant
State for an aet of incorporation; but in order
to give them strength abroad they should have
the power, shield, and protection of a congres-
sional charter. I repeat that this is not ask-
ing roo much, and less would be unfair.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have never
presented myself'in the character of a Senator
or ia any way to represeut California any more
than any other State; and I am as much the
representative of California as the Senator
from Nevada is or any other Senator upon
this floor except the Senators from that State.
But I tell the Senator from Nevada and every
other Senator that when a proposition is made
here professedly local to any State whatever,
which 1 believe involves the interests and rights
of the people of Kentucky in common with the
people of all the States, I intend to take part
in die debate upon it.
The Senator first commenced a close exam-
ination of the character of the opposition that
was made to this bill; and it was because of
Ins stricture of that character that I followed
it up somewhat in that line. I do not say that
the honorable Senator represents any "ring."
I do not know anything about that matter. I
neither exempt him nor charge him with it.
But I agree to one proposition: I am a repre-
sentative here of Slate rights, but no repre-
sentative of State rights that interfere with
the constitutional powers of the General Gov-
ernment. I am for every State right that is
not inhibited to the States, expressly or im-
pliedly, by the Constitution of the United
States; and I dissent utterly from the posi-
tion taken by the Senator from Nevada, that
Congress has the right, under the power of
exclusive legislation within the District of
Columbia, to pass laws that will interfere with
the power and lights of the States outside of
the District. I say Congress has no such
power.
What! has Congress a fulcrum here within
the District such as Archimedes called for when
he discovered the power of the lever, and said
if they would give bim something to stand upon
he would raise the world? Has Congress a
lever within this District that will enable it to
legislate so as to restrict and circumscribe the
powers of all the States within their respective
boundaries? I say no, sir.
I do not want to make any factious opposi-
tion or any unwise opposition to this measure
or any other. The honorable Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. Cobbktt,] who has it in charge,
or who at least is very much interested in it,
tells me that an amendment is being prepared
which will be acceptable to him. 1 will hear
it. I do not want to allow myself to make need-
less or unimportant opposition to this or any
other measure. I will sit down and hear the
amendment that is to be proposed.
Mr. YATES. This seems to he a question
b'itween the jurisdiction of the State and j|
national Governments. So far as the powef
is concerned, I think it is clearly invested in
Congress by the- Constitution of the United
States. It is an expressed power of the Con-
stitution granted to Congress to regulate com-
merce among the several States and with for-
eign nations. This is the statement of the
Constitution itself, and tUfe power was con-
ferred for wise purposes. It was not intended
to be left to a single State to decide upon the
question of the transit of railroads through sev-
eral States; and it belongs to the Congress
of the United States to deeide "that question.
Where there ig a conflict of interests, where it
is proposed to establish by one State a rail-
road runuing into other States, or to regulate
or affect commerce between several States, or
with foreign ftatioftsj the power is expressly
conferred on the Congress of the United States.
Why should it not be so? We propose to
regulate commerce with foreign nations. Who
is interested in this commerce? I do not
know who the parties are; I do not know who
is seeking for this act of incorporation ; but I
do know that the object of this application is
to regulate comnlerce with foreign nations.
That being the case, and the power being
granted by the Constitution to Congress to
regulate commerce between the several States
and with foreign riations, I believe that Con-
gress has the exclusive power. I object to any
interference of the States upon a question of
this kind, and to any proposition to sustain
what is called State rights. What! State
rights to regulate commerce among the several
States and with foreign nations! Who is inter-
ested? The people of the United States are
interested in this corporation, and the object of
it is to regulate commerce with foreign nations.
Having said this much, I have made my
position clear. I repudiate the position as-
sumed by the Senator from Delaware and the
Senator from Kentucky. It is clearly legiti-
mate within the powers of Congress to charter
a company for this purpose; and it really does
not belong, not even in the idea of a concur-
rent jurisdiction. to the States.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer the following pro-
viso, to come in at the end of section six:
Provided, That nothing in this aet contained shall
deprive any State of the Union of full jurisdiction
over any property or shares of the capital stock of
thesaid company as may be at any tune within its
limits or held by any person therein residing, whether
for purposes of taxation, attachment, or otherwise.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I send another amend-
ment to the Chair. The amendment which I
now offer is known as the individual liability
clause. It is a very well considered clause,
which is to be found in the general act relating
to corporations in the District of Cplumbia,
passed on the 5th of May, 1870. I will send
it to the desk, that it may be read and offered
as an amendment, to come in at the end of
the seventh section of this bill.
The Chief Clerk read the following section
from the act of May 5, 1870:
And be it further enacted, That all the stockholders
of every company incorporated under this aet shall
be severally, individually, liable to the creditors of
the company in which they are stockholders, to an
amount equal to the amount of stock held by them,
respectively, for all debts and contracts made by
such company, until the whole amount of capital
stock fixed and limited by such company shall have
been paid in and a certificate thereof shall have been
made and recorded as is prescribed in the following
section. And the capital stock so fixed and limited
shall be paid in, one half within one year, and the
other half thereof within two years from the incor-
poration of said company, or sueh corporation shall
be dissolved. The president and a majority of the
trustees, within thirty days after the payment of
theJast installment of the capital stock so fixed and
limited by the company, shall make a certificate
stating the amount of the capital so fixed and paid
in, which certificate shall be signed and sworn to by
the president and a majority of the trustees; and
they shall within the suid thirty days record the
same m the office of the register of deeds Of the Dis-
trict of Columbia,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment just read. '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I offer another amendment:
it is in the third line of the sixth section, to
insert alter the word " any" the words "State
of the United States or," so as to read,
" nothing contained in this act shall be con-
strued to authorize anything in conflict with
the treaties or laws in force in any State of the
United States or country where the corpora-
tion may do-business."
Iilr. CORBET'!'. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to say that
if any one is the representative of a "ling" I
suppose I may be so considered in this matter,
as I introduced this bill at the solicitation of
a gentleman who said that he thought if wfe
could pass sueh a bill there wasan opportunity
to establish commerce in Japan, and that they
could, perhaps, navigate those streams with
some profit. It was simply with a view to
increase the commerce of the United States
that I introduced this bill; not with a view of
relieving the parties from taxation or anything
of the kind, but simply to extend to them an
opportunity to increase the commerce of the
United States by giving them a charter.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 have no doubt the Senator
who offered the bill acted in perfect good faith;
and it was not my purpose to make any impu-
tation upon him whatever.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the passage
of laws ineorporting bodies politic to net all
over the United States is not au old prac-
tice in this body; but in the last year or two
it has become quite frequent, I deplore it.
I most sincerely desire, for the sake of the
prosperity of the whole country, that those
citizens of our country who desire acts of in-
corporation for the proper association of iheir
capital, and to reach, those ends which prob-
ably individual efforts might fail in, shouid go
to the proper sources from which such powers
ought to be obtained. I object to the practice
of the Congress of the United States taming
itself into a vast machine for creating corpora-
tions. The question is a very grave one, not
only as it affects the bulk of business bht as
affecting other questions.
I do not propose now to make any comment
on the question of State rights. This is hardly
the body now, nor is the temper of this body
such, as it is now composed, to hear State
rights talked of at all. It seems to be an
offensive phrase to gentlemen now, although,
perhaps, some of thesedays we may find a very
altered condition of sentiment'on that point
among themselves. Nor am I prepared to
state, as I should wish to state, feebly though
the manner might be, the full extent of my
objections to this class of legislation. I do
wish, however, that my voice could in some
way reach the American people, so that they
might by some expression of popular senti-
ment give pause to Congress in its present
schemes of general incorporation.
It is a very strange commentary upon our
form of government, that, whereas the found-
ers of this Government intended that property
per se should have no voice in the government
of the country, and when there wa3 but one
species of property known to our laws, and
that was property in negro slaves, which was
recognized by the Constitution as a property to
be represented and to have governmental force
of itself, we have now lived to see the time
when by the passage of these acts of incorpora-
tion, you give to dull, inanimate property a
power far greater than you give to man in his
individual right and capacity. It is a known
fact to the people of this country, and to none
better than those whom I now address, that
there is no State in this Union, let her be
never so powerful, let her never so popu-
lous, whose voice and influence is Mi-day aa
