158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
shop for children and a few people through the
country. When a litigation grows out of a
patent no one thinks of looking at the Patent
Office report, because the information there
given is of such a meager character that it
would not answer on the trial of a lawsuit, nor
in the investigation of a question of patent, nor
would it be suggestive except in the slightest
degree. It is rather an index to the growth
of the Patent Office.
Now, if there is a mode by which persons
interested in a particular invention can get
copies of the schedules, specifications, and
drawings, and amplify them so that they may
be of use on a trial, that will be of much more
benefit to those engaged in making inventions
than this Patent Office report, which is very
meager. I shall therefore, not only on the
ground of economy, but because I believe it
will really, promote the inventive enterprise of
our people and give them an opportunity to
examine the particular class of inventions in
which they take an interest, and especially on
the ground that it is a great saving of public
treasure, vote for this joint resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I concur
entirely in the remarks of the Senator from
Ohio, and shall vote for this joint resolution
with great pleasure, not only upon grounds of
economy, but I should vote for it if the expense
involved were equal to that incurred now for
this publication.
In addition to the illustration which the Sen-
ator from Ohio has given, I call the attention
of the Senate to this : an inventor or a person
interested who looks at the mechanical report
now, the best page in it, the best illustration
that it presents, gains 110 information except
enough to oblige him to employ a patent law-
yer, or somebody whose employment is expen-
sive, to furnish to liiin the information there sug-
gested, the mere fragment of which he sees.
Under the proposal here the specifications
are to be printed in full; and if that were the
only contribution of improvement to this work,
in my estimation it would constitute a great
reform and a great improvement. When you
speak of the interest ol inventors, if an inventor
is able not only for five or ten cents to pos-
sess himself of any particular thing he wants
to know, but if by resort to these volumes he
is able to see in full all that the records of the
Patent Office would teach him, you have brought
to that^man's door, so to say, for nothing, in-
formation which lie receives now only through
expensive channels.
I observed that the Senator from Illinois
said that it a man knew exactly what he wanted
he could send and get it for a very small cost;
but the Senator from Nevada very truly re-
marked that one trouble with a great many
people was that tliey did not know what they
wanted. But let me suggest that on this point
no one can fail to know what he wants. Here
is a man who has an idea that a thought of his
about a gate-hinge, or a stove-damper, or some
other thing, is new. He wants to know whether
it is new or not. He has only to write to the
Patent Office for the patents, the specifica-
tions on that subject, issued within any length
ot time that he chooses to specify, and for five
cents each, if that be the cost, he can have
them. Then he will know exactly what he
wants for all practical purposes. If the vol-
ume was before him, as it is now, and if the
new proposed volumes were before him, prob-
ably the most economical thing he could do
of time and trouble would be to write to the
Department here and have them send to him
the patents in place of taking the trouble him-
self to hunt in the indexes and in the specifica-
tions to find them. So that, without multiply-
ing words about this matter, aside from the
consideration of cost, which I do not mean to
disparage at all, looking merely to the effective-
ness and usefulness of this instrumentality of
good, I have no doubt that the improvement
suggested is great enough to warrant its adop-
tion if it involved an increase instead of a dim-
inution of expense. As to the particular num-
ber of these volumes which are to be sent here
or there, the Senator from Rhode Island well
remarked that that is a matter of detail and
arrangement; and if after this measure is
adopted it turns out that these are too many
or too few, it is the easiest thing, by a single
line of legislation, at any time to correct that.
I hope the resolution will pass; I shall vote for
it with great pleasure.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour having expired, the Senate resumes the
consideration of the resolution in regard to
amnesty offered by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Schurz,] which was the unfinished busi-
ness pending at the adjournment on Friday.
Mr. NYE. I want to introduce a couple of
bills.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask that the Calendar
be passed over informally until there shall be
some disposition made of this joint resolution.
We should print the report in one form or the
other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the unfinished business will be passed
over until the close of the morning business.
The Chair hears none ; and House joint reso-
lution No. 188 is before the Senate as in Com"
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CRAGIN. Idiffervery reluctantly from
my friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Printing. I may be entirely wrong; but it
seems to me the change proposed by this reso-
lution is not a good one. My experience in
life has been considerably connected with the
subject of patents, having made out several
applications myself and having been engaged
in them for others.
No one has yet suggested the real value of
these Patent Office reports. I have at home,
a complete set, from the very beginning up to
the present day, and I know many mechanics
who have the same. When they think they
have made an invention that is valuable they
go to these volumes to ascertain whether there
are patents forinventions identically like theirs.
Time and again they have found, by looking
into these volumes, the identical thing that they
supposed they had invented ; and thus they are
saved the expense and trouble of making an
application to the Patent Office. There is the
real value of the Patent Office reports. In
dozens of cases, when friends have come to me
with models, I have simply turned to the Patent
Office reports, to the claims, under the proper
index, and found the identical thing that they
supposed they had invented. But for these
reports they would have had to employ an
attorney ; they would have had to send to some j
Patent Office attorney in Washington, and pay
him a fee of five dollars or more to ascertain
whether their invention was patentable, whether
it was new.
The substitute amounts to nothing to invent-
ory. When an inventor gets his letters-patent
now he gets a copy of the specifications and of
the drawings with his letters-patent: and if he
wants any extra copies he can obtain them by
sending to the Patent Office for them. But the
great army of inventors all over this country
will do no such thing. They will have no
access to the new patents coming out, and as
to these new specifications and drawings they
will know nothing about them. Here are men
all over the country inventing. They get up
what they suppose to be a great invention, and
their first anxiety and desire is to know whether
itis patentable. They go, as a matter of course,
to the Patent Office reports to ascertain whether
anything like it has been patented, whether
they have any chance. Here is the real value
of ihese reports. I know in my own town two
different mechanics who have full sets of these
reports, and no man in the Senate could buy
them of them to-day for four times their cost;
and yet it is a little village of only a thousand j
inhabitants. It is so all over my State; men ■
have full sets of these reports, and they are I
very anxious to keep them complete. If there
were only one or two sets in that State they
would be of no use whatever to the inventors.
One set sent to the State library might be of
some little use, but they had better be buried
underneath this Chamber than to be sent to
the clerks of the courts, for there they will be
of no use whatever.
The Senator from Ohio spoke of the Patent
Office as not being self-sustaining. In my judg-
ment he is altogether mistaken in that assertion.
The Patent Office has been from the beginning
self-sustaining, and is so to-day, and more too.
A large amount of the money which theinvent-
ors of this country paid into the Patent Office
went into the construction of the Patent Office
building in the first place. I have sent for
the Commissioner's report for this year, but
have not been able to obtain it; but I have
seen it. I think the receipts over the expend-
itures during the last fiscal year amounted to
over one hundred thousand dollars. I do not
refer to the amount that was covered into the
Treasury that had been kept over from year to
year, but the real actual receipts this year.
Mr. President, I may be wrong about-this
matter, and the printing of so many of these
reports may be ail abuse; but, in my opinion,
if we are to print so few as is now proposed
we had better print none at all.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President I do not
think that we are fully competent to judge for
the mechanics of the country whether we are
printing too many of these reports or not. I
know from personal experience that I have
frequent applications from the mechanics of
the country for the Patent Office report, and it
seems to me that they are entitled to it if they
by their exertions and by their applications
are contributing to the revenue of the country.
Instead of $100,000, as has been stated, my
impression is that there were covered into the
Treasury from the Patent Office fuud between
two and three hundred thousand dollars, and I
think that theannual receipts of the office are
something like $100,000 over and above the
expenses, as has been stated by the Senator
from New Hampshire. I have no doubt that
it would bebeneficial to the lawyers of the coun-
try to have all these mechanics come to them
to get them to write to Washington to ascertain
whether patents have been issued for such and
such inventions, at a cost of five, ten, fifteen,
or twenty dollars ; but I do not believe that it
would be an advantage to the mechanic, who
is a laborer, who is generally poor and strug-
gling to obtain a livelihood. I believe this work
should be distributed to the mechanics free of
cost. I believe it is a great advantuge to them.
It may be that there arc too many copies printed
now. If so, a reduction of the amount one
half would perhaps satisfy that objection and
still meet the legitimate demand. 1 have no
doubt that many of the large manufacturing
States do not receive sufficient numbers of this
report. I do not see many gentlemen repre-
senting those States in which are found the
inventive geniuses of the country speaking
upon this question; but I believe that if truly
represented, the mechanics of the country
would desire the present system to continue,
and that the number of this report heretofore
published should be continued.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. 1 move to amend the
joint resolution by striking out all after the
word " which," in the twenty-ninth line, down
to and including the word " reasonable," in the
thirty-fourth line, in the following words:
Will pay for binding the sameinto volumes to cor-
respond with those in the Patent Office, and for the
transportation ot the ^fiinc; and. >vhu'h fcdnili also
provide proper custody tor the same, with convenient
access tor the public thereto, under such regulations
as tiic Commissioner shall deem reasonable.
And to insert in lieu thereof: "Contains not
less than five thousand volumes." bo that the
clause will read :
And the Commissioner is also hereby authorized to
iiirnisha.„cowpieteset of such specifications and diaw-
lngs to any puoiie library which contains not less
than five thousand volumes.
