1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
potent with the American Congress and in the
government of the people of the United States,
as are corporations which have been created
by the very breath of Congress itself.
If there was one thing that the founders of
this Government thought they would prevent
it was the accumulation of vast sums of prop-
erty in individual hands. Therefore they abol-
ished the rule of primogeniture ; they provided
for the division of fortunes ; they produced an
easy method of barring all entails ; everything
that could tend to diffuse and dissipate prop-
erty was resorted to, and resorted to by them
in the fond hope that it would prevent the vast
aggregation of fortunes in individual hands.
And yet what have we lived to see? So far
from "having an equality of fortune produced
among our people, so far from having but little
difference in the amount of means held by men
throughout the country, we have lived in the
last ten years of our history to find a differ-
ence between the fortunes of individuals more
vast, more unhealthy; and more unsound than
any other Government in this world can give
example of.
How has this been accomplished 1 It has
been accomplished by this principle of incor-
poration. There are individual citizens of
the United States to day; men in no way partic-
ularly distinguished for personal, private, or
public virtues, who wield powers that never
could have been contemplated by those who
created this Government; and by what ma-
chinery is such a result reached? It is by
your system of incorporations. To-day, if I
mistake not, there are combinations of capital
created by your laws of incorporation, one of
them amounting, I believe, to §400.000,000,
and whether that enormous, countless sum of
money is not under the control of a single
brain and of a single hand, to be wielded by
this enormous executive power so conlided,
is a question, I think, that must be answered
in the affirmative.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask to what corporation he alludes 1 I really
do not know.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not allude to a single
corporation, but I allude to a combination of
corporations that reach, I believe, from the
Atlantic coast clear to the Pacific.
Mr. COLE. To what combination of cor-
porations doss the Senator allude ?
Mr. BAYAliD. I could give the Senator
the facts piecisely. They will be found in an
article of young Mr. Adams in, I tnink, the J ati-
uary number of the North American Review
for 18G9, in which the aggregate wealth con-
trolled by the Pennsylvania Central Railroad
Company, which I think is the nucleus around
which tins great power grows, is stated. I do
not know whether one half the amount I have
named is not controlled to-day by the will of
.Mr. Vanderbiit, of New York, alone. I am
inclined to think that is the truth. But whether
I am precisely accurate as to these vast amounts,
which 1 cout'ess stagger the imagination even
in contemplating them, nevertheless the sub-
stantial truth of what I utter is entirely indu-
bitable, that you have given to individual men
in this country a control over the welfare of
whole communities which you cannot contem-
plate without shuddering for the fate of the
institutions of the country.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Delaware yield to the Senator
from Illinois?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I do not
appreciate the arguments of the Senator from
Delaware, because if there is any complain ton
this subject it is that the evils of which he
speaks have resulted from corporations cre-
ated under State jurisdiction, whieh have been
iive to one—yes, ten to one—those created by
the national Government. The question is
whether we ar£ to have thirty-seven States
legislating upon the question of corporations,
and especially those corporations which pro-
mote commerce between this nation and for-
eign nations, or whether we shall trust to the
assembled representatives of all the States in
Congress to decide such matters.
The Senator from Delaware proposes to ab-
sorb to the States, under the policy of State
jurisdiction, all this power of creating corpora-
tions. On the other hand, I assert that Con-
gress alone can properly understand the ques-
tion of the propriety of a corporation to pro-
mote commerce between the United States
and foreign nations. It is not a matter of
State jurisdiction. Tt is a question for the con-
sideration of the whole nation, through its
representatives in Congress. Therefore I do
not appreciate the argument which is made by
the Senator from Delaware upon this occasion.
I presume it-will be found that hundreds of
millions of dollars of capital are invested in
corporations created by the States and not by
Congress; and I presume that we shall finally
settle on the conclusion that in all such in-
stances, and especially in the regulation of
commerce between this and foreign nations,
Congress is the legitimate power and not the
several States.
Mr. BAYARD. I was about to draw my
remarks to a close. I should apologize for hav-
ing touched upon the subject in this very hasty
and incomplete manner. It is worthy of much
more deliberate preparation than the sudden
calling up of this bill permitted me to make.
Perhaps, however, what I have said, short,
incomplete as it has been, and utterly unsatis-
factory to my own mind, may yet have the
effect—I do not say in this Chamber, but per-
haps elsewhere—of drawing the attention of
my fellow-countrymen to that which I say now
looms over them most darkly; that is, the
power of this great aggregate of wealth, whieh
is impossible, under our laws, in individual
hands except by this machinery of corporations.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I am very
anxious to make a speech on this question, but
I will forego that if the Senator from Michigan
will allow me two minutes' time to let the
Senator from California suggest his amend-
ments to that mining bill and let the vote be
taken. If that be done, I will forego all
speeches, and it can be done in less time than
I would occupy in speaking on this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will
forego his speech, and the amendments to his
bill do not lead to dibate, I will compromise
on that basis.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope this bill may pass
now without further discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Oregon object to the arrange-
ment proposed ?
Mr. CORBE TT. I do not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing bill will then be laid aside informally.
Mr. STEWART. And the mining bill
taken up.
BIGHTS OP MINERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1103) to define and protect the rights of miners
aud to encourage the development of mines.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
report the amendment this morning made at
the end of the second section.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment was to
insert at the end of the second section the
following:
The end lines of each claim shall be parallel to
each other, and at rigtit angles with the general
course of the vein.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment, then,
has received the correction which I wished to
make. As originally proposed the amendment
was liable to an impossible construction. By
inserting the words "to each other" after the
word "parallel" the amendment becomes
sensible, and probably carries-out the idea of
the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I accepted the Senator's
modification.
Mr. CASSERLY. In section four I wig'i to
amend by striking out from line five the words
"one thousand," so as to read "to the extent
of five hundred feeton each side of the same
or I should not have any objection to amend-
ing it so that the proprietors of the tunnel
would be allowed to have at the rate of two
hundred feet for each person, and an additional
two hundred feet 
Mr. STEWART. The number of persons
engaged in the tunnel would be very indefinite.
I prefer the amendment as it stands—five hun-
dred feet oa each side.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very good.
Mr. STEWART. There might be a great
many incorporators.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clekk. The amendment is in
line four of section four, to strike out "one
thousand" before "five hundred;" so as to
read :
The owners of such tunnel shall have the right'
of possession of all veins or lodes, not previously
known to exist, discovered in suck tunnel, to the
extent of five hundred feet on each side of the
same.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee on Mines
and Mining, as amended, was agreed to, being
to strike out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause and to insert the following:
That the mineral lands of the public domain, both
surveyed and unsurveyed, are hereby declared to be
free and open to exploration and occupation by all
persons, suoject to such regulations as may be pre-
scribed by law, and subject also to the local customs
or rules of miners in the several mining dist1 lets, so
far as the same may not be in conflict with the laws
ot the United States.
Sec. 2. And be %t further enacted, That the miners
of each mining district may determine the length of
their mining claims upon veins or lodes of quartz,
or other rock in place, bearing gold, silver, cinnabar,
lead, tin, or copper, subject to the following limita-
tions: claims located previous to July2>, 1866, shall
be limited as to extent along the yeiu or lode by the
local laws or customs existing at thedateof the loca-
tion. Single claims located subsequent to July 2d,
1866, shall not exceed two hundred feet in length
along the vein or lode, with an additional claim of
two hundred feet for discovery to the discoverer of
the vein or lode. Several persons may locate in com-
mon on a vein or lode, each person takingoneciaim,
but no person, except the discoverer, shall locate
more than one claim upon the same vein or lode ; and
the aggregate amount of a location in common made
subsequent to Juty 26, 1866, shall not exceed three
thousand feet in length along the vein or lode. No
claim shall extend more than three hundred feet on
each side of the middle of the vein at the surface,
nor shall any claim be limited by any mining regula-
tion to less than twenty-live feet on each side of tha
middle of the vein at the surface, except where ad-
verse rights existing at the passage of this act shall
render such limitation necessary. The end lines of
each claim shall be parallel to each other, and at
right.angles with the general course of the vein.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the locators
of all mining locations heretofore made, or which
shall hereafter be made, on any mineral vein, lode,
or ledge situated on the public domain, their heirs
and assigns, where no adverse claim exists at the
passage of this act, so long as they comply with the
laws of the United States, and with State, territori:: 1,
and local regulations not in conflict therewith, gov-
erning their possessory title, shall have the exclu-
sive right of possession and enjoyment of all the sur-
face included within the lines of their locations, and
of all veins, lodes, and ledges throughout their entire
depth, the top or apex of which lies inside of such
surface lines extended downward vertically, although
such veins, lodes, or ledges may so far depart from
a perpendicular in their course downward as to ex-
tend outside the vertical side lines of said surface
locations: Provided, That their right of possession
to such outside parts of said veins or ledges shall be
confined to such portions thereof as lie between ver-
tical planes drawn downward as aforesaid, through
the end lines of their locations, or locations in com-
mon, so continued in their own/lireotion, that suoli
planes will intersect such exterior parts of said veius
or ledges: And provided further, Thatnothing m this
section shall authorize the locator or posse&sor of a
vein or lode which extends in its downward course
beyond the vertical lines of his claim to enter upon
t he surface of a claim own ed or possessed by an otn or.
Skc. 4. And be it further enacted, That where a tun-
nel is run for the development of avein or lode,or
for discovery of mines, the owners of snch tunnel
shall have the right of possession of all vein* or
lodes, not previously known to exist, discovered in
such lurmel, to the extent of live hundred feeton
each side of the same ; aud locations on the line of
such tunnel of veins or lodes not appearing on the
surfaee, made by other parties after the eommcnco-
