986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
ment of the tunnel, and while the same is being pros-
ecuted with reasonable diligeuce,shall be iuvalid. |
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, Taat the miners j
of each mining district may make rules and regula- j
tions, not in conflict with the laws of the United
State* or with the laws of the State or Territory iu
which the district is situated, governing the loca-
tion, manner of recording, amount of work neces-
sary to hold possession ol a mining claim, subject to
the following requirements: the location mast be
distinctly marked on the ground so that its bound-
aries can be readily traced. All records of mining
claims hereafter made shall contain the name or
names of the locators, the date of the location, and
such a description of the claim or claims located by
reference to some natural object or permanent-mon-
ument as will identify the claim. After the passage
ofthis act, and until a patent shall have been issued,
not less than twenty-five dollars' worth of labor
shall be expended or improvements made upon each
elaiui of two hundred teet during each year; but
claimants in common, as defined in the second
section of this act. may causc all the labor to be
expended or improvements to be made upon any
one claim, provided the aggregate amount equals
twenty-live dollars a year to each claim of two hun-
dred teet. And upon a failure to comply with this
condition, the claim or mine upon which such fail-
ure occurred shall be open to relocation in the same
manner as if no location of the same had ever been
made: Provided, 'ihat the original locator has not
resumed work upon the claim alter such failure and
« before such relocation.
Sec. G. And be it further enacted.. That a patent
shall be obtained m the following manner: any per-
son, association, or corporation in possession of a
mining claim or claims in common, who has com-
piled with the mining regulations and the laws of
the United States, may file in the local land office an
application lor a patent showing such compliance,
together with a plat of the claim or claims iu com-
mon ; a copy ot such piat, together with a noticc of
intention to apply for a patent, shall also be posted
-in a conspicuous place on the claim for the period
oi ninety days. Ihe register of ihe land office, upon
the tiling of such application and plat, shall publish
a notice that such application has been made tor the
period of ninety days, iu a newspaper published
nearest to said claim, and he shall also post sueh
notice in his office lor the same period. The claim-
ant at the time of tiling his application,-or at any
tiuie thereafter witinn the ninety days of publica-
tion, shall file with the register a certificate of the
United States surveyor general that $1,000 worth of
labor has been expended or improvements made
upon the claim, that the plat is correct, with such
further description by such reference to natural
objects or permanent monuments as shall identify
the claim and mrmsh an accurate description, to be
incorporated in the patent. At the expiration ot the
ninety days of publication, tbe claimant shall file
bis affidavit, showing taat the plat and notice have
been posted in a conspicuous place on the claim
during said period ot publication. Ir no adverse,
claim shall have been filed at the expiration of the
ninety days of publication, it shall be assumed that
the applicant is entitled to a patent, and that no
advet&e claim exists, and thereaiter no objection
from third parties to the issuance ol a patent shall
be heard except it be shown that the applicant has
failed to comply with this act.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That where an
adverse claim shall be filed during the period of pub-
lication, all proceedings except the publication of
notice and making and filing of the affidavit thereof,
shall bestayed, until the controversy shall havebeen"
settled or dcciiled by a court of competent jurisdic-
tion, or the adverse claim waived. It shall be the
duty of the adverse claimant, within twenty days
alter filing his claim, to commence proceedings in
a court oi competent jurisdiction to determine the
question of the right ot possession, and prosecute
the same with reasonable diligence to final judg-
ment; and a l'ailui e so to do shall be a waiver ot his
advene claim. Alter such judgment shall havebeen
rendered, the party entitled to the possession of the
claim, or any portion theieof, may file a certified
copy ol the judgment-roil with the register of the
land f'ffiee, together with the certificate of the sur-
veyor general that the requisite amount oflaborhas
been expended or improvements made thereon, and
the description re-quired in other cases, and shall
pay to the receiver five dollars per acre tor hi3 claim,
together with the proper fees, whereupon the whole
proceedings and tne judgment-roll shall be certified
by the register to the Commissioner of the General
Land Oilice, and a patent shall issue thereon for the
claim, or such portion thereof as the applicant shall
appear from the decision of the court to rightfully
possess. If it shall appear from the decision ot the
couit that several parties are entitled to separate
ami difierent portiup.s of the claim, each party may
pay lor his portion trt the claim, with the proper fees,
and file the ceitilicate and description by the sur-
veyor general, whereupon the register shall certify
the proceedings and judgment-roll to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office a* in the preceding
case, and patents shall i-sue to the several parties
according to their respective rights.
Sue. 8. And b? itjti'/hrr rnnc/cd, Xhatthc descrip-
tion of vein or lode claims upon surveyed lands
shall designate t.ie location ol the claim with ref-
erence to the lino* "f toe public mrvejv, but need
not eontoim therewith ; but wneio a patent shall be
issued itu vein or lode claim* upon unsurveyed
lands, the surveyor general m extending the sur-
veys shall adjust the same to the boundaries of such
patvnti'dchum, accoidiug to the p! it or dcM'iiplion
thereof, as iu other cases of private claims.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted* That sections one,
two, three, four, and six of an act entitled **An act
granting the right of way to ditch and canal owners
over the public lands, and for other purposes,' ap-
proved July 20,18(x>, are hereby repealed, but such
repeal shall not affect existing rights, or prevent
claimants now prosecuting their claims for patents
from piocecding under said act: Provided, That thi3
act shall be enforced as to such claims where it is
not inconsistent with the act approved July 26,IsbS,
aforesaid
SEC. 10. A fid be it farther enacted, That the act to
amend an act granting the right of way to ditch and
canal owners over the public lands, and for other
purposes, approved July 9, 1870, shall be and re-
main in full force, except as to the proceedings to
obtain a patent, which shall be similar to the pro-
ceedings prescribed by sections six and seven of this
act for obtaining patents to vein or lode claims; but
where said placer claims shall be upon surveyed
lands, and conform to legal subdivisions, no further
survey or plat shall be required, and joint entries
shall be allowed for contiguous claims, as provided
in said act: Provided, That proceedings now pending
may be prosecuted to their final determination under
existing laws; but the provisions of this act, when
not in conflict with existing laws, shall apply to such
cases.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That where the
same person, association, or corporation is in pos-
session of. a placer claim, and also a vein or lode
included within the boundaries thereof, application
shall be made tor a patent for the placer claim, with
the statement that it includes sueh vein or lode,
and in such case (subject to tbe provisions of this
act and the act to amend an act granting the right
of way to ditch and canal owners over the public
lands, and for other purposes, approved July; 9,
1870.) a patent shall issue for the' placer claim, in-
cluding sueh vein or lode, upon the payment of five
dollars per acre for such vein or lode claim and one
hundred feet of surface on each side thereof. The
balance of the placer claim shall be paid for at the
rate of $2 50 per acre, and where a vein or lode,
such as is described in the second section of this act,
is known to exist within the boundaries of a placer
claim, an application for a patent for such placer
claim which-does not ioclude an application for the
vein or lode claim shall be construed as a conclu-
sive declaration that the claimant of the placer
claim has no right of possession of the vein or lode
claim; but where the existence of a vein or lode
in a placer claim is not known, a patent for the placer
claim shall convey all mineral lands within the
boundaries thereof.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the surveyor
general of the United States may appoint in each
land district containing mineral lands as many com-
petent surveyors as shall apply for appointment to
survey mining claims. The expenses of the survey
of vein or lode claims and the subdivision of placer
claims into smaller quantities than one hundred and
sixty acres, together with the cost of publication of
notices, shall be paid by the applicants, and they
shall be at liberty to obtain the same at the most
reasonable rates, and they shall also be at liberty to
employ any United States deputy surveyor to make
the survey. The Commissioner of the General Land
Oihce shall also have power to establish the maxi-
mum charges for surveys and publication of notices
under this act; and in case of excessive charges for
publication he may designate any newspaper pub-
lished iu a land district where mines are situated for
the publication of mining notices in such district,
and fix the rates to be charged by sueh paper; and
to the end that the Commissioner may be fully in-
formed on the subject, each applicant shall file with
the register a sworn statement of all charges and fees
paid by said applicant for publication and surveys,
together with all fees and money paid the register
and receiver of the land office, which statement shall
be transmitted with the other papers in the case to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office. The
i fees of the registers and receivers shall be the same
| as in other cases for similar services. But nothing
in this act snail be construed to repeal, impair, or in
any way affect the provisions of the act granting to
A. Sutro the right of way and other privileges to
aid in the construction of a draining and exploring
tunnel to the Comstoek lode,in the Stateof Nevada,
approved July 25.18o6.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed .for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JAPAN STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1054) to incorporate the Japan Steam Navi-
gation Company, which was laid aside in-
formally. Ihe question is on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I have given
my attention to the debate which has sprung
up on the bill now before the Senate, and 1
confess I have failed to hear one single good,
sound, substantial reason which addresses itself
to iny judgment in favor of this bill. It seems
to me the whole current of the practice of the
Government is-against it; and in policy and in
principle it is a kind of legislation which ought
never to be entertained for a single instant or
in any single case iu this body.
. It is alleged that this is a power given us
under that clause in the Constitution which
allows us to regulate commerce. Why, sir,
there is not a single line or letter in this bill
which proposes to regulate commerce, to <ix
the value of merchandise ; to prescribe the
rules under which it shall leave foreign ports
and enter our own. There is not a line or a
letter, from the first to the last, iu the bill that
seeks to regulate commerce, either foreign or
domestic. It is a plain, simple bill giving to
certain parties corporate powers-, the right to
sue and to be sued, &e. That is all there is in
the bill. Well, sir, for long years certainly
no sueh bill ever passed Congress. If there
have been any such acts passed, I think they
are of a modern date and have been originated
and perfected and passed under a state of
legislation that grew up from the necessities
of the Government during the late war.
Now, it does seem to me that all powers
which may be exercised by the States should
certainly, as a matter of principle as well as
of expediency, be left with the States, and we
ought not to interfere with them. The Senator
from Delaware hasofferedcertain amendments
to this bill which, to a certain extent, would
make it more acceptable to me if 1 were going
to vote to pass the bill; but in another view
the bill is more objectionable, or rather I might
say the objections are made patent, by the very
amendments which he has olfered and which
have been adopted.
These gentlemen want corporate powers.
Those powers may be granted by any State,
and, with proper regulations and limitations,
with perfect security to every individual in the
community who may have dealings with such
corporations. Certainly I have 110 objection
to, I am the friend of, such corporate powers
with proper guards and restrictions ; but when
we step over this line and create corporations
with which the Government is not by direct
terms in the bill connected we do that here in
general legislation which belongs, iu my judg-
ment, better and will be more wisely exercised
by the States themselves. *
Where is this system of legislation to end ;
and what is to be the final course of Congress,
and what subject or rule will there be that will
not be addressed to us, and that we will not act
upon if we undertake to create corporations
for localities V 1 say this with regret; beeause
if there is a Senator upon this floor who is •
sincerely desirous of promoting commerce, of
regulating it by liberal rules that shall give it
new life and energy and activity, and thereby
promote both the agricultural and manufac-
turing interests of our country, I claim to be
that Senator.
On the grounds Ihave stated I am compelled
to oppose this bill, which seeks iu an indirect
manner to promote commerce, but certainly
not to regulate it. There is, 1 repeat again, 110
provision iu the bill which seeks to regulate
commerce, either foreign or domestic. It
belongs to that class of legislation which for
long, long years was excluded from the halls
of Congress ; and the sooner we return to that
rule, and exclude every species of legislation
from Congress that appropriately belongs to
the States and may be fully exercised by the
States, the better. By so doing we shall do a
wise act, and we shall only bring the Govern-
ment to that rule which was the one that
existed almost uniformly for more than half a
century.
I do not know of a single bill of a kin-
dred character to this, although it is said that
two or three such bills have iu some manner
obtained a passage through Congress. Forty
errors cannot make a right; no number of
wrongs can make a right; and if such legis-
lation has been indulged in by Congress the
sooner we depart from it and come back to
what I believe is the right rul^ the better. Let
us create no corporation with which the Gov
