m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
tames " the words "and to all mechanics' insti-
tutes."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to,
Mr. CORBETT. Is the amendment subject
td further amendment?
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
But no State shall receive less than five full sets
of such reports, to he furnished to thelargestof such
libraries independentof thenumber of volumes they
contain.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not that exceed the
one hundred copies mentioned in thejointreso-
lution?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Connecticut to
adopt this as a part of his amendment. He
has the power to modify his own amendment,
and it will be so modified.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish the Senator from
Connecticut would allow me to insert the word
"unbound."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Oh, no.
Mr. ANTflON Y. I am afraid the cost would
be very great otherwise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the .Senator from Khode Island to
move to amend the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir; I move to insert
the word "unbound." I shall vote against
the amendment of the Senator.from Connec-
ticut unless that word is inserted. If he thinks
it" worth one Tote, he had better insert the word
"unbound." T am not prepared to vote for
So heavy an expense as would be incurred
under this amendment.
' I should like, while I am up, at the sugges-
tion of my colleague on the committee, to
explain that these lithographs can be issued
immediately upon the issuance of the patent.
The day after a patent is issued any person
who has any knowledge or has any desire on
the subject can get a copy by sending for it;
whereas now he has to wait a great while,
although measures have been taken to hurry
it somewhat.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope my amend-
ment will be adopted without the proposed
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island is
to the text of the bill, and not to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut as modified.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. And not on the
amendment of the Senator from Rhode Island?
Mr. ANTHONY. My amendment does not
come into yours. I will move it afterward.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would inquire of the
chairman if this amendment does not make
the bill inconsistent with itself? I understand
the limitation to be to one hundred and fifty
copies, and if five are to be given to the libraries,
of each State, then of course it would bo neces-
sary to print more than one hundred and fifty
copies. I make the suggestion so that it can
be reconciled and the bill made consistent with
itself.
Mr. CORBETT. The object of the amend-
ment I offered was that the smaller States should
at least have five full sets; the new States that
are growing up and that have only small libra-
ries, which perhaps do not contain five thou-
sand volumes, that these small libraries may be
furnished. I understand that the Senator from
Connecticut accepts the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. What does the Senator
mean by "fall setssets going clear back to
the beginning?
Mr, CORBETT. Five sets as they are pub-
lished.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is going to cost a
great deal of money, and I do not think we
ought to adopt the amendment. That is my
only objection.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair be kind
enough to state the amendment again?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
amendment will be reported for the informa-
tion of the Senate.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, if
I adopted, will make the joint resolution read,
1 commencing at line twenty-seven:
And the Commissioner is also hereby authorized to
, furnish a eoropleto set of suoh specifications and
I drawings to any public library which contains not
i less than five thousand volumes, and to all mechan-
ics'institutes; but no State shall receive less than
five full sets of such ropoits, to be furnished to the
largest of such libraries independent of the number
of volumes they contain.
Mr. CONKLING. If I understand that,
every library and institute is to be furnished
gratuitously with these sets. Is that the effect?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Every library that
contains five thousand volumes.
Mr. CONKLING. And every mechanics'
institute?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know what the
cost of that would be without reflecting, and
perhaps I should not be able in that way to
satisfy myself; but it seems to me that this is
a very large proposition in respect of its cost.
Of libraries numbering more than five thousand
volumes there are a great number ; but without
reference to that, of institutes, not restricted
or limited in their description, as I understand,
there are a very great number, and it'they are
all to be furnished with a full set of everything
implied in this amendment, of course it will
involve a very great sum of money.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to say that
the distribution of these books to libraries of
five thousand volumes wili place the books in
such places as they are needed. Now they are
distributed in such a manner that probably the
people who desire to see them do not get. them;
but in this manner the distribution will dogood.
I think every library of five thousand volumes
should have a copy of this report, even if it
should cost a little more than it does at present.
Mr. CONKLING. How about mechanics'
institutes ? Does the Senator have any idea how
many there are of those, local and otherwise?
Mr. CORBETT. If it is found that there
are too great a number provided for, hereafter
the law can be modified. If the Senator from
New York desires to provide that no State shall
receive agreater number than fifty sets or twenty-
five sets of these volumes, so as to restrict the
number that shall go to each State, let him offer
an amendment to that effect. But it seems to
me that the proposition now as offered is very
proper and right; each mechanics' institute
should receive a copy of this report.
Mr. CASSEltLY. I understand the question
now is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Oregon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut, as modified by himself. He accepted
the amendment of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then the question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As'modi-
fied.
Mr. ANTHONY. Thisamendment, I under-
stand as it is modified, allows not more than
! twenty-five copies to each State ; and of course
each State will have the full number, I sup-
pose !
Mr. CONKLING. Then thepending amend-
ment is an addition to that.
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; this is a modifica-
tion of the pending amendment. This is the
pending amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Which is?
Mr. ANTHONY, As I understand it, the
pending amendment, as modified by the mover;
is that the Commissioner of Patents shall be
authorized to send to every library of five thou-
sand volumes a bound copy of these engrav-
ings and specifications, and that not less than
five, irrespective of the number of volumes
the libraries may have, and not more than
twenty-five, shall go to any one State. Is that
correct?
Mr. CONKLING, The Senator omits one
very important element in the amendment,
which 13 that a copy shall go to every mechan-
ics' institute, no matter whether it has five
thousand volumes in its library, or one volume
in its library, or no volume at all. Wherever
there is a mechanics' institute, be it in a liam-
let, a town, a city, a village, or wherever it may
be, that is to receive a set.
Mr. ANTHONY. And if any three or four
gentlemen want a set of these drawings, all
they have to do is to organize themselves into
a mechanics' institute; it does not even xequire
an incorporation. There will be mechanics'
institutes in every mechanic's shop.
Mr. CASSERLY. There may be fifty, there
may possibly be one hundred mechanics' insti-
tutes in the whole country that will be enti-
tled to abenefit under the amendment which I
offered, and which was adopted by the Senate
on a distinct vote awhile ago. Suppose there
should be more, do gentlemen deliberately con-
template to deny to the very class of men but
for whom a Patent Office report never would
have been heard of a just distribution, yes, a
generous distribution of the drawings and spe-
cifications under the new system V lam sure
that upon reflection such will not be the conclu-
sion of any considerable number of gentlemen
in this body. Nor do I apprehend any serious
abuse of that provision in the bill. I do not
imagine that four, or five, or eight, or ten, or
twelve men will be at the trouble of organizing
themselves into mushroom institutes for the
purpose of getting a copy of drawings which
any of them can get, withoutcombming, at the
cost of ten cents. The contrary will be the
case; the contrary is the case, that the number
of mechanics' institutes throughout the country
is much below whatone,would expect from the
numbers, the intelligence, and the organiza-
tions of the mechanics of this country. I re-
peat, sir, I do not believe that the number of
institutions which will avail themselves of the
benefit of this amendment of the bill will exceed
one hundred, and probably it will not be much
over fifty. But at all events let me appeul to
the members of the Senate in behalf of that
very class of men to whom, as I said, the Patent
Office owes its existence to-day, and but for
whom one of the most splendid records of
the intellectual activity and enterprise of the
American people never would have seen the
light.
Mr. CORBETT. I suggest to the Senator
from California to insert the words "incorpor-
ated mechanics' institutes." Perhaps that will
obviate the objection of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think a majority of
these institutions are not incorporated. They
are voluntary associations, bound together by
ties of mutual good will and free organization.
Mr. CONKLING. Has the Senator any
objections to saying those "mechanics' insti-
tutes which have a library" of a certain num-
ber of volumes which he himself shall sug-
gest? Does he want to send to institutes which
have no libraries, which maintain none, which
are not themselves maintained for any such
purpose, this as the solitary book which is to
be placed on their shelves?
Mr. CASSERLY. Some of these institu-
tions have merely a reading-room and have no
library, and I do not know why such iiisiiiu-
tionsas I have described ate not as well entitled
to the benefits of this act as those of the age or
the means or tho numbers to have libraries.
The Mechanics' Institute in San Francisco, I
know, has a library, and therefore would not
be cut out by the suggestion of the Senator
