1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
eniment is not directly and in terms con-
nected, and when we do that let us do it with
all and perhaps with more safeguards around
it than are now incorporated in this bill by
virtue of the amendments submitted by the
Senator from Delaware.
I do not desire to take up the attention or
the time of the Senate, but these are the con-
siderations which compel me to vote against
the bill either with or without the amendments
that have been offered by the Senator from
Delaware.
Mr. TIPTON". Mr. President, I feel 
Mr. CORBETT. I will withdraw the bill
if there is to be any more discussion upon it.
It is taking up the day that was set apart for
the business of the Committee on Commerce ;
and 1 therefore withdraw the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nebraska yield to allow the Senator
from Oregon to withdraw the bill?
Mr. TIPTON. I will in one moment. I
desire to say that I feel under personal obli-
gations to the Senator from Maine for the
words of wisdom aud experience which I be-
lieve he has uttered'on this bill. I shall not
detain the Senate with any repetition of them;
but I must be permitted to say here, as an
explanation of my votes hereafter, that I am,
with very little experience, however, utterly,
totally, and entirely opposed to this species
of legislation. I did not feel that it was proper
for me to obtrude my views upon the Senate,
and I therefore have kept quiet; but I shall
be heard when the yeas and nays are called
upon bills of this character. It would only be
a vain eflort at an amplification of the proposi-
tions so ably set forth by the Senator from
Maine that I bhould indulge in if I were to
continue this course of remark; and therefore !
I desist for the present.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to make one state-
ment that 1 omitted when I was up before. I
meant to have stated when I was on the floor
a moment ago that at the last session of Con-
gress there were several—I do not know the
number—-applications made to the Committee
oil tjie District of Columbia, of which I was
a member and the chairman, to create corpor-
ations outside of this District; and, I think,
with the united approval of that committee,
we reported against them in every case; and
the Senate approved of our reports.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to ask unanimous
COllM'llt——
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill will
be regarded as recommitted to the Committee
on Commerce.
OIIDKU OK DCSIXB3S FOR SATURDAY.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to ask unanimous
consent that, the rule relating to unfinished
business going over from one day to another
may be suspended, so that an order may be
puttered that on Friday next, at one o'clock,
bills from the Committee on Pensions may be
eonside.ed. I think it is probable that in an
hour or an hour and a half we can pass all
the Senate pension bills which we shall then
have ready, bringing to a termination the bills
from this body, that they may go to the other
House. I hope there will be no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California has given notice that he desires
on that Hay to call np an appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. My colleague on the committee
has probably overlooked the fact that on that
day we propose to call np the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will say Satur-
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks that by unanimous eon-
sent the fifteenth rule may be suspended, which
gives unfinished business priority, so that oil
Saturday at one o'clock the Senate may pro-
ceed to the consideration of pension bills, to
the exclusion of all other business.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask to amend that
order by inserting reports from the Commit-
tees on Public Lands and Private Land Claims
after the pension bills are considered, if there
is any time. We have a dozen or more bills
of a general nature that will pass without
opposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that unless it shall embarrass this order by
somebody objecting to my friend's amend-
ment. If nobody else objects to it, I shall not.
The VICE PRESIDE NT. The Senator from
Vermont asks that by unanimous consent t-he
fifteenth rule, giving priority to the unfinished
business, shall be suspended oil Saturday at
one o'clock, so that at that time the Senate
may proceed to the consideration of pension
bills, and if any part of the day remains, bills
from the Committees on the Public Lands and
Private Land Claims. Is there objection?
Mr. COLE. I did not understand the terms
of the motion. If the legislative and exec-
utive appropriation bill should be the unfinished
business when we adjourn on Friday I suppose
it ought to come up on Saturday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will come up on Mon-
day as the unfinished business: and it is abso-
lutely necessary that these Senate pension bills
should go over to the House very soon, it' they
are to be acted upon at this session. So I hope
we shall have that day.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Pensions how
much time he expects to occupy ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think it probable
that the two or three dozen little bills that we
shall have will take more than an hour and a
half.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask my friend from
Oregon also how much time he expects his
committee will occupy? I ask with reference
to another request; if there should be any time
after that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands there is no objection to the proposition
in regard to these three committees, and it is
so ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state, as to the
bills to which I referred, there are thirty or
forty on the Calendar, and we might take a
week with them ; but we do not expect to pass
any except such bills as can go through with-
out much discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that he will occupy all the remain-
der of the day ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that, because if there
was a chance of our having any time left I
should like to ask the Senate to proceed with
some half a dozen bills from the Committee
on foreign Relations.
Mr. WILLTAMS. I presume there will be
no time after the business of these other com-
mittees is disposed of, because there are sev-
eral bills from the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order which
the Senator from Vermont desires has been
made. The Senator from Michigan is enti-
tled to the floor and is claiming it.
KEPEAL OF A LAW.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 981.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No, 981) to repeal the act approved March
17, 1800, entitled "An act declaring the assent
of Congress to certain acts of the States of
Maryland and Georgia," was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
repeal the act approved March 17, 1800, enti-
tled "An act declaring the assent of Congress
to certain acts of the States of Maryland aud
Georgia," and which by subsequent acts has
been revived and continued in force until
March 8, 1871.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed,
IMPORTATIONS AT NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 989.
' The Senate, as in CommiLtee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 989) to
amend an act passed March 2, 1881, entitled
" An act allowing the duties on foreign mer-
chandise imported into Wheeling, Vicksburg,
Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville,
and Natchez to be secured and paid at those
places." It proposes to amend the second and
third sections of an act passed March 2, 1831,
entitled "An act allowing the duties on foreign
merchandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheel-
ing, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nash-
ville, and Natchez to be secured and paid at
those places," so as to read as follows:
Skc. 2. And belt further enacted. That any importer
residing at any port of entry or delivery, importing
foreign merchandise by way of New Orleans, or the
agem of such importer, is hereby authorized to enter
any merchandise imported, as aforesaid, by way of
New Orleans, at that port, in the manner now pre-
scribed by Jaw, and the collector shail grant a per-
mit for the landing thereof, and cause the duties
to be ascertained as in other cases, the said goods
remaining in the custody of the collector until
reshipped for the plaee of destination; ami the col-
lector shall certify to the surveyor atsueh place the
amount of such duties, which the said surveyor shall
enter on the margin of the bond, as aforesaid, given
to secure the same, which goods shall be delivered
by the collector to the agent of the importer or
consignee, duly authorized toieceive the same, for
shipment to the place of irnpoi t.itiou; and tbe mas-
ter. commander, owner, or agent of every steam-
boat or other vessel in which such merchandise shall
be transported, shall, prt-viousiy to her dcp.nture
from New Orleans, or within eighteen hours there-
after, deliver or cause to be delivered to the col-
lector duplicate manifests of such merchandise,
specifying the marks and numbers ol every case,
bag. box, cliest, or package containing tbe same,
with the name and place of residence of every im-
porter or consignee of such merchandise, and the
quantities shipped to each, to be by such master,
commander, owner, or agent subscribed, and to fcuc
truth ol* which such master, commander, owner, or
agent shall swear or affirm, and that the said goods
have been received on board his vessel, stating the
name of the agent who shipped the sauio; and the
said coiicctor shall certify the facts, as aforesaid, on
the manifests, one of which he shall return to such
master, commander, owner, consignee, or agent.
Sec. o. And be it further enacted, Tiiat if any mas-
ter, commander, owner, agent, or consignee of any
steamboat, or other vessel, having on board mer-
chandise, as aforesaid, shall fail or neglect ro comply
with the provisions of the second section of this act,
as amended, the master or commander ot any huch
boat or vessel, arriving at any of the ports above
named, on board ot which is merchandise, shall for-
teit $300; and the master of such boat or other ves-
sel. arriving at ekher of the ports aboyo named, on
board of wiiieti merchandise, as aloresaid, shall have
been shipped at New Orleans, shall, within eighteen
hours next after the arrival, and previously to un-
loading any part of such merchandise, deliver to
the surveyor ot sucih port the manifests of the same,
certified, as aloresaid, by the collector of New Or-
leans; and shall make oath or affirmation betorethe
Mid surveyor that there was not. when he departed
from New Orleans, any more or other goods on board
such boat or vessel, imported as aforesaid, than is
therein mentioned; whereupon tho surveyor shall
cause the s-iid casks, bugs, boxes, chests or packages
to be inspected and compared with her manifests,
and. the same being identified, he shall grant a per-
mitfor unloading the same, or such part thereot as
the master shall request: and when a part of any
such merchandise is intended to bo landed, the sur-
veyor shall make an indorsement on the back of the
manifests. designatingsueU part, specifying the arti-
cles to be landed, aud shall return the manifests
to the master, indorsing thereon his permission to
such boat or vessel to proceed to the plaee of its
destination; and if the master of such steamboat
or vessel shall neglect or refuse to deliver tbe mani-
fests within the time herein directed, ha shall for-
feit $100.
Tbe bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment* ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.read the third time, and passed.
ASIATIC AND AUSTRALIAN MERCHANDISE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 929.
The Senate,"as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider^ the bill (S. No. U2'.>)
to facilitate the transmission of Astatic. Aus
tralian, and European merchandise into and
