162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
xaent strike out the provision for proper cus-
tody, convenient access, and the regulations
of the Commissioner? I think the amendment
would be improved by leaving in those provis-
ions. • In the part to be stricken out is that
which provides for convenient access to the
public, and for proper custody, under such regu-
lations as the Commissioner shall prescribe. I
think that ought to be in. I am not in favor of
the amendment, but I think the retention of
these words would improve it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no objection
to those words remaining in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modi-
fication will be considered as made by the
mover.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let it be read as it will
stand.
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed
the joint resolution will read:
TheCJuamissioneris also hereby authorized tofur-
pish a complete set of such specifications a nd draw-
ings to any public library which contains not less
than ten thousand volumes and not less than five
copies to each of the largest libraries of such States
as do not contain ten thousand volumes, and which
shall also provide proper custody tor the same, with
convenient access for the public thereto, undersuch
regulations as the Commissioner shall deem reason-
able.
Sir. ANTHONY. I move to amend that
by inserting iu the proper place the word
'• unbound."
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Rhode Island to the amendment of the Senator
from Conneclieut.
Mr. CORBEl'T. I hope the word "un-
bound" will not be inserted. These reports
ought to be uniform, and I think should be
bound here at the expense of the Government,
and bound in a uniform manner.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know from
the Senator who has the management of this
bill how many of these reports will be distrib-
uted to each State or to a certain number of
population? I do not understand how many
any particular portion of the country is to get.
Some of the States, it seems to me, will get
very few, and they will be comparatively with-
out any advantage whatever. It does seem to
me that the bill is very crude. At any rate, a
measuie of this kind ought to be matured much
better before it becomes a law. It is of far too
great importance to every portion of the coun-
try to diminish the number of these volumes
unless there is something better substituted in
their place. I am entirely satisfied, and have
long been satisfied, that the book can be much
improved, and that some method of the kind
adopted by the committee would be much better
forthe country ; but I do not think they have
entirely got the proper plan for the distribution
of these copies.
Mr. ANTHONY. I submit with great defer-
ence that the fault of the crudity of the bill is
not with the committee, but with the Senate.
It was a very good bill when brought here; I
do not know what it will be when it goes out
of the Senate ; we are not responsible for that.
Ihe only effect of this amendment of mine is
to save money.
Mr. FOWLER. I am not complaining of
the committee, but of the present shape of the
bill. How many will be distributed really?
Mr. ANTHONY. One hundred and fifty
copies.
Air. FOWLER. In the whole United States?
Mr. ANTHONY. According to the bill as
it came from the committee, there would be
not more than one hundred and fifty copies
distributed gratuitously, one copy to the cap-
iial of the State, one copy to the district court
of the United States in each State, (unless the
district court is held in the capital, and then
only one.) and then gratuitously sent to every
library that will pay for binding and transport
ing it. The judgment of the committee was
that if the library cared enough about it for
it to be of much value to it, it would be will-
ing to pay for the cost of binding and trans-
porting, the Government furnishing the plates
gratuitously.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
inserting the word "unbound."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let the amendment be
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported as amended.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment as
amended will, if adopted, make the joint reso-
lution read :
And the Commissioner is also hereby authorized
to furnish a complete sot of such specifications and
drawings to any public library which contains not
le?=s than ten thousand volumes, and not less than
five copies to each of the largest libraries of such
States as do not contain ten thousand volumes: Pro-
vided, That the sets hereby authorized shall be
unbound copies.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Connecticut that it will make his meaning
more clear if he inserts after the words "five
copies" the words "to be distributed one to
each," because I suppose that is his meaning,
that these five copies shall be distributed, one
each, to five of the libraries having the largest
number less than ten thousand volumes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California propose that amend-
ment?
Mr. CASSERLY. It is rather for the pur-
pose of making plain what I suppose to be the
intent of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. 1 have not heard the
Senator. Will he state his proposition again?
Mr. CASSERLY. I propose that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut should
read " five copies to be distributed one to each
of the largest libraries having less than ten
thousand volumes." Otherwise I do not un-
derstand the meaning of the amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Five in each State.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, if modi-
fied as proposed, will read :
And not less than five copies to bedistributed one
to each of the largest libraries in such States as do
not contain ten thousand volumes."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I accept that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the adoption of the amendment of the
Senator from Connecticut as modified.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bayard, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Casserly, Corbett, Cragin, Davis,
iowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Harris, Howard,
llowe, Johnston. Kellogg, Nye, Pool, Itieo, Ross,
Schurz, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,Trumbull. War-
ner, and Williams—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Chandler, Cole,
Gonkhng, Jidmunds, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Howell, Morrill ofVermont, Morton, Pom-
eroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Revels, Robertson, Sawyer,
Seott, Sherman, Spraguo, Tipton, Vickers, and Wil-
ley—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Cattcll,
denton, Ferry, Gilbert, Harlan, Lewis, McCreery,
McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Osborn. Patterson,
Saulsbury, Spencer,Thayer, Thurman, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Yates—20,
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee which has
reported this resolution to one provision of it
which, it strikes me, nullifies one of its most
useful purposes. The Commissioner of Patents
is required to certify these copies which are
deposited in the capital of each State and Terri-
tory and in the clerk's office ofthe district court
of each judicial district of the United States;
and the bill provides that these copies " shall
be taken and received in all courts as evidence
of all matters therein containedand then
follows a provision that" said copies " are "not
to be taken from said depositories for any pur-
pose." In a case'where a copy should be de-
posited in the capital of a State where a United
States district court was located this provision
would prohibit the copy being taken out of the
State library for the purpose of being offered in
evidence in the court. For the purpose of avoid-
ing that difficulty, I move to insert before the
word "purpose," in the twenty first line, the
word "other," and after the word"purpose"
to insert the words "than to be used as evi-
dence;" so as to read, "said copies not to
be taken from said depositories for any other
purpose than to be used as evidence."
Mr. ANTHONY. The lawyers know more
about that than I do. That belongs to them.
I supposed that the copy that was in the dis-
trict court clerk's office could be used as evi-
dence without being taken out of his office. I
supposed it could be used as evidence there.
Mr. SCOTT. That might be the case where
the copy is in the office of the clerk and is to
be used in that court; but here it is provided
that a copy is to be deposited in the district
court office except when such office is located
in a State or territorial capital. In that case
there will be no copy in the office of the district
court of the United States, and you will have
to go to the State library to get a copy, and
this provision prevents it from being taken into
the court.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania state his amendment
again?
Mr. SCOTT. I move to insert the word
" other" between the words " any" and "pur-
pose" in the twenty-first, line, and after the word
"purpose" the words "than to be used as evi-
dence."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move another
amendment, which I think will meet the ap-
proval of the Senator from Rhode Island,
which is to strike out in the eighth and ninth
lines the words " not to exceed one hundred
copies of."
Mr. ANTHONY. That is necessary, I sup-
pose, since the adoption of the other amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut moves to strike out in
lines eight and nine the words " not to exceed
one hundred and fifty copies of." The words
" one hundred " has already been changed to
" one hundred and fifty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have a
separate vote on the amendment, offered by the
Senator from Connecticut, and the last one
should be excepted also, because it should
follow the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair-
will put the question on concurring in all the
amendments except those offered by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut.
The amendments were concurred in, with the
exception stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
amendment upon which a separate vote has
been asked will now be reported.
_ The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert after the word "which," in the twentv-
eighth line, the words:
Contains not less than ten thousand volumes, and
f i'.'y168. t0 be distributed, one to
S® 'ff868' libraries of such States as do not
contain ten thousand volumes: Piovided, That, the
sets hereby authorized shall be in unbound copies.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to amend by
striking out that part of the amendment which
provides for unbound copies, so that they shall
be bound copies.
_ Mr. ANTHONY. That amendment was put
in on my motion. I wanted to make the ori-
ginal amendment as unacceptable as possible m
