1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
upon some such suggestion as is now made,
it was put over. That is my recollection. I
think this bill was brought up for discussion
a year ago, and my impression is that it was
put over because somebody said he preferred
some other time to speak upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The point I wanted to
reach 
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that, by
the indorsement on the bill, it seems to have
been considered in February last.
Mr. SHERMAN. Just about a year ago.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think it must be a mis-
take to say that the measure waa ever dis-
cussed during this Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It maynothave
been discussed, but it was read.
Sir. CASSERLY. That is a mere technical
consideration, a parliamentary consideration
by the reading of the bill; consequently the
bill never has been debated in this Congress.
That is what I wanted to bring the Senator
from Ohio to ; to get him to state whether he
contended that this bill had ever been dis-
cussed in this Congress ; because it seems to
me that upon a bill which has never been dis-
cussed in this Congress it is a good deal for
any Senator to say that debate is unnecessary.
It is a still stronger thing to say when we con-
sider the character of the bill.
Now, sir, I have no very great amount of sym-
pathy for railroad companies. I have perhaps
as little for the railroad companies between this
city and New York as for any of which I have
knowledge in this country. There are portions
of that through line, and features of its manage-
ment which, considering the public importance
of the continuous line, are discreditable to
the country and a wrong and an oppression to
the traveling community. It is not, therefore,'
for the present line, or the companies that main-
tain it, that I am speaking. I do not think of
them or of their interests at all. I do not
expend much thought or concern in that direc-
tion. But there are othergrave considerations,
very grave considerations involved in this bill.
First of all is the question as to the constitu-
tional power of the Congress of the United
States to grant a franchise for the building of
a railroad within the territory of a State, and
connected with that, the right of eminent
domain in Congress over lands within a State.
These questions, whatever may be thought of
them by gentlemen here, and however they
may decide them, are among the greatest
questions that can ever come before Congress,
because they challenge directly two of the
paramount powers of the States, and conse-
quentially a great part of the police and other
government of the States.
The Senate has certainly undergone some
changes during the present Congress, now in
its last session. Many new Senators have
come in. Upon what principle can it be said
that we who are here more recently than the
Senator from Ohio are not entitled to have
this bill discussed, are not entitled to hear
what may be said upon one side and the other
of the great questions I have mentioned, and
upon the many other questions, almost as
great, involved in this measure? We are en-
titled to discuss them ourselves, to throw light
upon them if we are able ; to receive it from
others, and among the rest from the Senator
from Ohio, who has himself so much consid-
ered and debated this bill and has arrived at
a judgment so clear and conclusive that he
seems to think, and certainly does so express
himself, that a subject which is so plain to
him must be as plain to everybody else, and
therefore debate is un accessary and super-
fluous.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from California
Btates what I said a little too strongly. I did
not say either that debate was unnecessary or
that the questions were so clear that everybody
had made up his mind. I said that so far as
I was concerned I had discussed it, and that
the Senator from Maryland, who was a mem-
ber of the special committee that framed and
reported the bill, certainly had discussed it
one day, and the only question involved in
it was the question of constitutional power.
That is a question that might be debated
forever. If the Senator from California has
not examined that question so as to have made
up his mind, or if he has examined it and
desires to address the Senate, I shall be very
glad to hear him upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Ohio
of course has a perfect right to correct any-
thing that he said, or to restate anything that
he said. But I still think I was not very far
wrong in stating the general drift of the Sen-
ator's remarks. I have not examined the
great subject of the right of eminent domain
involved in this bill, nor, indeed, any of the
important questions involved. I am not pre-
pared to discuss any of them. I hope, how-
ever, there are some gentlemen in the Senate
who, though their own faith is fixed, will give
us a reason for the faith that is in them, and
among them I hope the Senator from Ohio
will be one. I trust there are others who,
joining in the discussion for the first time, will
give us the benefit of their views. I do not
know that I shall say a word. Certainly I
would much rather be a silent listener to a
debate in which there is so much to be said,
first on the question of the constitutional
power of Congress, and next of the danger of
the assumption by Congress of a power so
enormous in all its consequences to the States
and to the General Government.
I desired, however—and that was my chief
purpose in the few words I have said—to make
my protest in the most distinct and emphatic
manner against what seemed to me to be the
assumption of the Senator from Ohio, that this
bill shall be passed without debate, because
for any reason the debate had been exhausted
and members had made up their minds. It is
not the right of any member of the Senate to
make up his mind upon a subject of such mag-
nitude without examining it, without hearing
it discussed, without aiding, if he can, in the
discussion, if discussion is allowed. For
myself, I shouRI consider it a violation of duty
to deny further discussion of a bill of this
importance, although I had heard it discussed
until it was threadbare, and although my mind
was immovably fixed about it. I should not
venture, even so, to discourage further exam-
ination, to forbid debate. On the contrary, I
should be glad to invite both, not only for
others' sake but for my own good ; and what
I say of this bill I mean to apply to all bills
of a similar character.
I believe most Senators will agree with me
that it was not understood beforehand that this
bill was coming up ; that its appearance here
to day is a surprise; I do not say intended,
bat not less actually a surprise upon a major-
ity of the Senators. For one, I did not expect
that it would be pressed to-day by the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr.
CHASDLBa.j It is, I believe, equally unex-
pected by the majority of Senators, especially
by the Senators of the present Congress, to
whom time now to examine and discuss the
bill is essential, whatever it may be to those
Senators who, like the Senator from Ohio,
have had that opportunity so fully, as we are
informed, during more than one previous Con-
gress. There are Senators absent who, I am
sure, would greatly desire to share in the dis-
cussion, and who should not be cut off by
pressing the bill through at this time.
I put it to the friends of this measure that
if it is to pass it will be far better that it should
pass at this session, after a discussion in which
all who desired to do so shall have takeu
part. I suggest to the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Shermax] and the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. CHAKDr.erj whether after all that
would not be a much more satisfactory course
with this bill than to press it through the Sea-
ate at this time without an opportunity given
for a fair, free, and full discussion to all who
desire it. For myself, sir, I say candidly that
I greatly desire to be instructed as to the vote
I shall give by the views of gentlemen who
have considered this subject far more than I,
who have scarcely considered it at all.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the vote on this bill
will not be pressed this afternoon. I am in
favor of an air line to New York; but I am
not in favor of its being chartered by Congress.
That involves the exercise of a dangerous
power—the power to charter railroad com-
panies through the States; and when Congress
begins that work it will have enough work of
that kind without doing anything else. There
are inconveniences now connected with the
travel between this city and New York, I
hope they will be remedied. I have suffered
as much from theni as anybody else. I appre-
ciate the necessity of such a road as this bill
proposes; but, sir, I believe there is great dan-
ger connected with any attempt on the part of
Congress to charter railroad companies run-
ning through the States, and I hope such a bill
will not be passed, at least without the gravest
consideration.
Mr. BAYARD. I am exceedingly glad to
hear so influential a member of this body
as the Senator who has just taken his seat
express his desire and intent that this bill
shall be discussed most thoroughly before it
becomes a law. It is, treating it as a case
of first impression, an attempt on the part
of the United States to condemn the lands of
the States in disregard of their laws, and to
exercise that right known as the right of
eminent domain, never heretofore attempted
to be exercised by the Federal Government
since its creation; a right which it has been
adjudicated by its highest court not to possess;
and if this bill shall become a-law, and if we
shall embark upon this system, it must be in
violation of all judicial precedent upon the
subject, of all historical precedent upon the
subject, and, as I think, in violation of the
plain limitations on the powers of the Federal
Government imposed by the Constitution of
the United States.
I merely state this much to express my con-
currence in the sentiment expressed by others
as to the gravity of the bill; and [.trust the
honorable Senator from Michigan, who has the
bill in charge, will yield to what I believe is a
very common desire throughout the Chamber,
and allow this bill to be passed over for the
present, in order that many other Senators who
feel its importance, and who desire in their
own way to fulfill their obligations to their
constituents and the country in regard to ques-
tions of this kind, may have a proper and
fitting opportunity to do so. I therefore ask
the honorable Senator from Michigan whether
he will not consent to the postponement of
this bill for the time being. There are, I know,
a number of gentlemen who desire to be heard
on the subject, although it may have been
debated in prior Congresses. 1 recollect that
there was a debate last winter which came to
a very summary conclusion in the other Cham-
ber of Congress in regard to a measure which
I recognize as being very much the same as
this.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should be very glad
indeed to oblige my honorable friend from
Delaware; but really this bill has been before
the body now for nearly four years, and I think
Senators will bear me witness that I have been
earnest, ''in season and out of season," to get
it up, and it has always gone over to wait foi
somebody who was not quite ready to considei
it. It does seem to me that four years is long
enough to prepare a speech on this subject;
and while I should be very glad to accommo-
date my honorable friend from Delaware, 1
insist upon getting a vote upon this bill if it
be possible.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I never
heard this bill debated, and if it is to be coa-
