164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
raittee, with a view of making it so that it can
be successfully operated under. I ask the com-
mittee to whom it shall be referred to make a
report as soon aa convenient, in order that the
bill may pass this winter, so that the parties
can commence working under it the following
summer when the water gets low enough to
work. _ I move that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
OCEAN TELEGRAPH CABLES.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to take up at this time the concur-
rent resolution that I offered on Friday last.
I presume it will not lead to any considerable
discussion, and it ought to be disposed of at
this time one way or the other.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the resolution,
Mr. President?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a concur-
rent resolution in regard to oceanic telegraphs.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
"Whereas several propositions relating to the eon •
struetion of lines of oceanic cables from the shores
of the United States to the shores of foreign coun-
tries have been made in both Houses ot Congress
and'referred to several and different committees of
the same: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate of the. United Stuten, (the
House of Representatives coucui ring,) That all bills,
resolutions, petitions, and papers whatsoever, now
before Congress or any committee of either House, or
that may hereafter be ofl'ered, in relation to the sub-
ject of ocean telegraph cables be, and are hereby,
referred to a joint committee of four on the part of
the Senate and five on the part of the House, to bo
appointed by the Presiding Officers of the two Houses
respectively, with power to call for persons ond
papers, and to report at any time by bill or otherwise.
Mr. POHEROY. I suggest that it should
read "a joint select committee."
Mr. CONKLING. It is not np yet.
Mr. WILLIAMS. At the suggestion of Sen-
ators I propose to amend the resolution when it
shall be taken up by substituting seven mem-
bers on the part of the House and five on the
part of the Senate, and also by inserting the
word "special" before "committee."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
order if the Senate should take up the resolu-
tion. The question now is on proceeding fo
its consideration, which does not involve the
merits of the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING: I hope the Senate will
ri'ot take up this resolution now. Indeed, I am
in hopes that the mover of it will consent to let
it lie over for the present. My attention was
not called to it until to-day. It escaped my
observation, through some fault of my own
doubtless. I should like to look at it, and to
inquire into some facts which have been men-
tioned to me. _ 'Therefore I should be very glad
that it might lie over. But, as I am advised
about it, whenever it comes up for considera-
tion I shall oppose it by such considerations as
I can, thinking that if there he any ease where
a joint select committee of the two Houses, an
amalgamated committee, should be raised, this
is not the case, for reasons which I think I shall
be able to state if no other Senator should state
them. But for the present I wish that it may
lie until I can know with certainty about some
matters that were mentioned to me when my
attention was brought to the fact that such a
resolution had been introduced.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another reason
why I should hesitate to proceed with the res-
olution to-day, at least, unless the Senator who
moves it has taken into consideration the ques-
tion to which I wish to call his attention. It
is, as I understand, that this committee is to
take jurisdiction of' all pending bills or ques-
tions relating to telegraphs. Now, it is known
that there are several bilis on the Calendar that
have been laboriously considered in other com-
mittees during the last session of Congress, and
they are now in order for consideration in the
Senate. Shall those bills lose any advantage
they may have from their present position on the
Calendar and from the report of a committee
in their favor, whatever that advantage may be,
and be recommitted to this new committee?
I do not know whether that question had
occurred to my friend from Oregon. I suggest
to him, therefore, that if this resolution be
called up again he should consider the ques-
tion whether the new committee should act
directly on all pending questions, or should be
prospective, to be appointed and to take effect
with the next Congress. I can see some reason
in that, if it is advisable on this subject to make
a joint committee; but I should hesitate to
make a joint committee here after the begin-
ning of the second term of a Congress which
has already, through other committees, given a
large share of attention to this very subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not desire any par-
ticular controversy as to whether this resolution
shall be taken up at this time or at some future
time ; but I think itdesirable that the question
shall be determined at a very early day whether
or not this joint committee is to be raised.
While the resolution is pending, of course
other committees will feel disinclined to act
on the subject. If this proposition should be
defeated, then those committees will feel at
liberty to proceed and consider the various
propositions now pending before Congress in
relation to oceanic telegraphs.
Now, sir, there are some, lam not quite cer- !
tain as to the number, but they exceed ten bills
pending before Congress on this subject. Some
of them have been referred to the Committee
on Public Lands; some to the Committee on
Post Offices aud Post Roads; some to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. There are vari-
ous propositions pending in these different
committees, and it is necessary, it seems to me,
that some step should be taken by which a
definite plan may be determined upon in refer-
ence to these oceanic telegraphs, so that we
may not have a report from one committee in
favor of one proposition and another report
from another committee in favor of a conflict-
ing proposition. It appears, from an examina-
tion of these papers, that there are conflicting
companies presenting conflicting propositions
in reference to telegraphic cables, and they
must necessarily be heard upon their various
propositions. If a joint committee is organ-
ized, these different parties can appear before
that committee; they can present their respect-
ive claims and the reasons for their respective
claims, and that committee can reach some
conclusion upon which Congress can act. But
just so long as these propositions are pending
in their present shape it seems impracticable
to accomplish anything in the direction of
increasing these telegraph cables. If the Sen-
ator from New York, for the sake of obtaining
i nformation, desires that this resolution should
lie over until to-morrow morning, ofe course I
am quite willing to accommodate him. I do
not wish to proceed with it now if he is not
prepared on the subject.
Sir. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
Senator why in his judgment there should be
a joint committee on telegraphs rather than a
joint committee on commerce, or manufac-
tures, or any other subject?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have indicated one rea-
son why I think so—because there are from ten
to twenty different propositions before Con-
gress of various descriptions in reference to a
single line of telegraph, and those different
propositions have been referred to different
committees; and this is a practicable way to
reach a definite result. Now, I propose to have
a large joint committee, so that every section
of the country may be represented upon that
committee, and every person who feels any con-
siderable interest may present his claim before
the committee.
Mr. IIAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
whether it would not be wiser, instead of creat-
ing a new committee, of which we have enough
already, so many that it is difficult to determ-
ine to which committee business should go,
for the Senate to determine that these papers
which are now referred to various committees
should go to some one committee, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Iioads, or the Com-
mittee on Commerce, who should have juris-
diction of the entire subject. As these matters
have strayed into the hands of several com-
mittees, let us take them all and place them
under the charge of one committee. That will
answer ail the purposes that the Senator has
in view without the creation of any new com-
mittee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The question, I suppose,
is not before the Senate at this time as to
whether the proposed committee shall or shall
not be raised. The question is as to whether
we shall proceed to the consideration of this
resolution. But there is no committee in the
Senate, as I understand, organized particularly
with reference to this subject of ocean tele-
graphs. It is a subject which to some extent
relates to foreign matters; it is a subject which
to some extent relates to commerce. Several
of these companies are asking for subsidies;
some for subsidies in lands, some for subsidies
in bonds, and those are propositions to be con-
sidered bythe Committee on Public Lands or
the Committee on Finance. It is on account
of the nature of this business that I think it
would be advisable to raise a joint committee.
But I will endeavor to have the question decided
to-morrow morning.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon withdraws his motion, and the unfin-
ished business of Friday last is before the Sen-
ate, being the resolution offered by the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Schcrz] in regard to am-
nesty and the removal of political disabilities.
Mr. CONKLINQ. Before the subject brought
up by the honorable Senator from Oregon passes
away, I beg to make a single remark.
Thehonoiable Senator from Oregon, out of
courtesy to me, allows his resolution to stand
oyer until to-morrow morning. 1 beg to say to
him that although I would perhaps the rather
of the two, if compelled to choose, consider it,
to-morrow moruing instead of to-day ; letting
it stand until to-morrow morning will not
answer at all the purpose I suggested. I had
no idea that the resolution would be called up
to-day. As I said before, I never heard of
it until to-day. I should like to inquire into
the subject; but a mere postponement until
to-morrow gives no opportunity to do that.
Let me make a suggestion to the Senator.
He says that pending this resolution other com-
mittees will be held in suspense about consid-
ering business of this sort before them. That
will not be true during the holiday recess, for
the committees are not going to be here to any
extent during that time. Therefore there is
nothing to be gained, I submit to him, by con-
sidering this resolution now.
I do not wish to anticipate, in violation of
the rule, the merits of the question on the
motion to take up; but 1 shall be pardoned
for making this remark to the Senator. If he
be right, that cause exists for creating a joint
committee, to be found in the fact that a num-
ber of hills touching this subject are pending,
then the Senator from Massachusetts may well
ask why we should not have joint committees
on all subjects. Take, for example, one sub-
ject, somewhat cognate to this, the matter of
ocean steamships. There are a great many
more schemes on that subject thitn the Senator
has spoken of as the number of those pending
on this subject. They have gone to different
committees in the two Houses, some to the
Committee on Commerce; some to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Pest Roads, and so
on. YVhy not have a joint committee to con-
sider those.
I humbly submit to the consideration of my
triend that the multiplicity of these schemes,
their diversity, and the difficulty which attends
them all, if there be difficulty, is a very excel-
lent illustration of the wisdom of parliamentary
proceeding, dividing not only parliamentary
