1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
a great question, one on which we oujjit to
spend a lew (lays to consider our powers, our
rights, and our duties. If'it is settled Unit we
have the power that is contained in this bill,
instead of passing this bill i would appoint a
committee to consider the subject, and 1 would
have drafted a general railroad law. Let it be
understood that no special privileges were ever
to be granted by Congress; that nothing was
to be gained by coming here ; but that those
who desire to build railroads, and those who
desire to run existing railroads, must conform
to the general law of the nation made in the
i n terests .of com merce and to protect the people.
Sir, I do not believe that we bavetimetodo
that. at. this session. We have before us a Cal-
endar of thirty pages. Probably three fourths
of the bills before us will fail for the want of
time. This discussion should be thoughtfully
entered upon. The subject should be carefully
considered. The best minds in Congress should
address themselves to it. Then, if it be determ-
ined that we have not the power, let us aban-
don these projects, and let the people look to
the States ; but if we have the power, I protest
for one against its being exercised in detail, in
any single case, in anyspecial manner. I insist
that it should be exercised by geaeral laws, to
•which every section of the country and every
interest in the country must conform.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion?
Mr. WILSON.' Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Tho question whether we
have this power ornot has been discussed ever
since I have been a member of the Senate,
which has been but a short time—only six
years. It has been discussed, I presume, for
ten days at least, and at all times a large
majority, perhaps three fourths of the Senate,
believed we had the power; but the bill has
been talked down, and probably it will have
the same fate now. But let me suggest to the
Senator that the only way to test the question
whether we have the power or not is to pass
some bill, not to be in favor of some other bill,
but to pass the bill under consideration. Let
us pass this bill, and then all the monopolies
that are spoken of—the Pennsylvania Central,
I believe, with the rest, that were alluded to
so graphically by the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard]—will fight it. They will carry
it to the .Supreme Court, of the United States,
:md liie qu-.'siion nill have to be settled there
before they will be satisfied. But, it you do 1
not pass anv bill, you will never have any i
question settled. They will not be satisfied )
with congressional action. They will not be 1
satisfied with repotls of committees here. \ou i
may have forty reports in both Houses. This j
bill has passed in the other House many times, j
but that does not appear to settle anything. |
The only way to settle it is to pass a bill for a j
road where there are monopolies that will resist
it. and take it to the courts and test it. Then ,
you will know what power you have, and then ;
you can pass a general law; but you must first
pass a bill to test the question; and as this bill
has been up so often, and discussed so often,
and seems so appropriate, let us pass this bill
and let them fight it, and then we shall see what
our powers are.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senate has the time j
to consider the subject now I do not object to :
if. 1 do not think we have time to give it a
deliberate discussion, and there are Senators
here who tell us that they desire to discuss
the question when it comes up. It is a ques-
tion so grave, and its decision is so important,
that I am willing to allow the fullest discussion
of it. 1 am inclined to the opinion that we
have the power to do it, and that we ought to
have a general law. I do not believe that at
this stage of the session we have the time to
enter oil this great work. We have necessary
and important bills that we must pass; that
even the bills of the Committee on Commerce
roust be lost if they persist in pressing this bill
now.
Mr. BOREMAN. As this debate seems to
be proceeding at some length, and I have a
bill here for the widow of a soldier, I appeal
to my friend from Michigan to allow me to
call it up and have it passed. I am satisfied
there will be 110 objection to it. Here is a
report accompanying it which will explain it.
The VICJE^ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia, pending this bill, asks
unanimous consent ta call up a bill for the
relief of the widow of a soldier, which he says
will give rise to no debate.
Mr. CHANDLKii. if it gives rise to no
debate I will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be taken up, subject to
a demand for the regular order.
MARY M. CLARK.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1213)
for the relief of Mary M. Clark was read a
second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate
to Mary M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark,
late of Harrison county, West Virginia, $1,202,
in full payment for services rendered by hira as
a scout in the employ of General J. J. Rey-
nolds, and for the period of his captivity in the
rebel prisons, from July 30, 1861, until his
exchange, March 18,-180-3.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask that the report be
read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is a report in
the case I should like to hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Scott from the Committee
on Claims on the 18th of January :
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Mary M. Clark, widow of Leonard
Clark, deceased, have had the same under consider-
ation, and report as follows :
The claim made is for compensation for services
rendered by Leonard Clark as a guide and scout,
and for the time spent by hint as a prisoner in the
hands of the enemy after being captured in that ser-
vice. The amount claimed is $1,202, being for the
time from July 2ri, 18 >1, until March 18, 1863. six
hundred and one days, at §2 per day. Major Gen-
eral J. J. Reynolds certifies that upon the recom-
mendation of General T. A. Morris, (in whose ser-
vice it would seem Clark had previously been,; he
employed Clark on the 2Jth day of July, 18*31, at $2
per day; that on the 3tfth of July. 1801, while ou
duty under his orders, Clark was taken prisoner by
the rebel forces in his front, south of Camp Eik
Water, Virginia, and that he was deprived of his
services after that time; and that he believes he
was held as a pria-mey from the time <u lis-? <• iptnre
until the ISth of March, 1 lie iuithor status
that, owing to the absence oi Lis 'luartuuicutur on
the SOth day of July, lSdl, he having ju-t taken
command and the quartermaster not bavins then
reported, Clark's? name was not embraced in the
monthly report of persons hired.
Colonel William J. Palmer, who taken pris-
oner at the battle of Antietnm, to September, IhU.
and imprisoned in Casile Thunder, m ILiehmond, us
a spy, 01* charged as being such, certifies that Clark
was brought to the same prison «bout October 1,
18u2, and confined in the same room with hiui; that
they were denied the privileges ol ordinary prison-
ers of war; that when he was taken out in January,
1863, Clark was left in prison.
The affidavit of Clark is also before us, stating that
he was confined in various rebel prisons, and treated
as a spy from the time of his capture until he was
exchanged, on the 18th of March, 1863. He also states
that he was captured when in company with Dr.
William B. Fletcher, lie was since killed in battle;
and his widow now reuows the elaim before Con-
gress.
The testimony, it will be seen, as to his capture on
the SOth of July, rests upon kU own affidavit, and
the absenee of a statement by Dr. Tletcher is not
accounted for. Ills actual confinement in prison is
not established until October. 1862, when he was
taken to the prison occupied by Colonel Palmer, in
Richmond, and no evideoceother than his own state-
ment is griven to us of the time of his exchange.
General Reynolds, however, does not seem to doubt
the fact of his capture at the time stated by him,
his detention, or discharge; -and if Dr. Baxter sur-
vived Clark it is fair to presume General Reynolds
had his inlormation from him,
Congress has leeognizud the propriety of p.iymg
to captured soldiers or officers the same wages they
would have boon entitled to if in actual servicc, not-
withstanding their term of enlistment may have
expired during their imprisonment. This man,
although not an enlisted soldier, was in the employ-
mentof the military authorities, upon service equally
if not more hazardous* than thai of enlisted men,
and tho spirit of the act referred to would seem to
embraco him, although its lotter does not. For this
reason his claim was not allowed by the acoouotingf
officers, although they say *' tho case is a meritorious
one, and appeals strongly to the equity of Congress
for rebel."
The committee arc of the opinion that tho claim
should be paid to his widow, and report a bill accord-
ingly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see from that
report that there is any statement as to how
this person was employed. It does not appear
vhat he was employed as a scout at all.
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir, it says so in
so many words.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I listened very atten-
tively and 1 did not bear any such statement
in the report. It is stated that he was in the
employ of General Reynolds.
Mr. SCOTT. I think the Senator from
Illinois is mistaken. It' the report is read 'it
will be found that General Reynolds certifies
that he did employ him at the sum stipulated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, it states that Gen- ,
eral Reynolds employed hira. butnotasascout.
Mr. SCOTT. As a scout.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Clerk to read
that part of the report which states in what
capacity he was employed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The claim made is for compensation for services
rendered by Leonard Clark as a guide and scout and
for the time spent by him as a prisoner in the hands
of the enemy after being captured in that service.
The amount claimed is $1,202, beintr for the time
from Jnty 26, 1861, until March IS, 18b3, six hundred
and one days, at two dollars per day. Major General
J. J. Reynolds certifies that upon the recommend-
ation of General T. A. Morris—in whose service it
would seem CI ark had previously been—he employed
Clark on the 2ui.h dav of July, ISol, at two dollars
per day; that on the 30th of J uly, 1301, while on duty
under his orders, Clark was taken prisoner bv the
rebel forces in his front, south of Camp Elk Water.
Virginia, and that ho was deprived of his services
after that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no statement
how he was employed. He may have been a
teamster : he may have chopped wood.
Mr. SCOTT. That is a mere omission in
the phraseology, for it is intended to refer to
the previous sentence, in which the claim is
made as a scout and spy. I examined the
claim, and my recollection is that the cerlili-
cate of General Reynolds states that he was
employed in that capacity. An examination
of all the papers left no doubt whatever on my
mind as to his employment in that capacity,
and that he was captured white in the dis-
charge of his duties in that employment. .
Mr. BOREMAN. If anything is needed in
addition to what has been said, I can state
that 1 knew this man in his lifetime during
the war. The fact is that he was employed
as a scout: there is no question about that.
He was captured in 1SG1 by the rebels and
detained as a prisoner for about twenty
months—nearly two years. General Rey-
nolds, who is now commanding in Texas,
employed him at two dollars a day, and lie
entered on the hazardous work of a scout, as
the report says; and while engaged in it was
taken prisoner and conveyed to Richmond.
Ho was detained not simply as an ordinary
prisoner of war, but treated much more
severely than prisoners of war were usually
treated.
I know a good deal about the case myself.
He returned and us a private soldier entered
the Army, and I, as the Executive of the
Sutte of West Virginia, commissioned him as
an officer, and a short time thereafter he was
engaged in battle in our State and was killed
while leading a few brave men in a desperate
fight. His widow was left utterly destitute.
He was away from her nearly two years, under
an engagement to serve according to his eon-
tract with General Reynolds at two dollars a
day, and I cannot see how justice can be done
to her under the circumstances if she is not
allowed his pay according to his contract. Had
he not made that contract and entered upon
that work he would not have been kept in
prison for nearly two years. I think it is a
ease that appeals to the sense of justice of the
Senate.. 1 will say no more about it.
Tlie bill wag reported to the Senate without,
