1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
bodies into different bodies, having two Houses,
but leaving to each House its appropriate com-
mittees. If people want to be heard upon a
great variety of points involved you getadouble
consideration and an added benefit if you sepa-
rate the committees which are to give audience
to these claimants.
But as I have said, I do not wish to antici-
pate that discussion. 1 wish, however, the
Senator from Oregon would allow this resolu-
tion to lie over until some time later than to-
morrow morning, to the end that T may have
an opportunity to know, as I cannot in a few
hours, something -which I should be glad to
understand before anything is done on the
subject.
Mr. HOWE. Pie withdraws his motion.
Mr. CONKLING. But he says he does so
intending to call up the resolution to-morrow.
I do not want to leave it with the understand-
ing that it is to be called up to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of Friday last, being the resolution in
regard to amnesty, is before the Senate; but
if no objection be made, this debate will be
allowed to continue.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdraw my motion
for the present, and give notice that 1 shall
call up the resolution as soon as practicable,
consulting the convenience of Senators.
political disabilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amnesty
resolution submitted by the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Sciiurz] is now before the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of that resolution. I suppose
the only purpose of moving it the other day
was lor the debate which has already taken
place. I suppose that debate is completed,
and there will be no objection to its postpone-
ment at the present time. I hope the Senate
will resume the consideration of the order
which it had under consideration wher. that
resolution was taken up.
Mr. SCHQUZ. I have no objection to that;
but I understand that the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] rose for the purpose cf moving
the reference of the resolution to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Disabil-
ities, which course will be quite agreeable to
me also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution will be referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. MORTON subsequently said: On my
suggestion, a short time since, the resolution
of the Senator from Missouri on general am-
nesty was referred to the Committee on Dis-
abilities. Since then I have been informed
by two or three Senators that they desire to
discuss that resolution. I therefore desire to
enter a motion to reconsider, and I ask that
the vote may be recousidered so as to give
those Senators an opportunity to be heard.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the motion be
f4!} t6T6(3 •
~ Mr. SUMNER. Lei it be reconsidered,
and let the resolution take its place on the
Calendar. .
Mr. CONKLING. I prefer that u should
lie for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider the motion during the
pendency of another proposition.
Mr. MORTON. I enter the motion to recon-
sider. .
The VICE PRESIDED JL\ The Senator from
Indiana enters a motion to reconsider w\iich
suspends the action of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. That involves the whole
question.
message from the house. .
A message from the House of Ilepresenta-
•ives, by Mr. Clintox Lloyd, its Chip! Clerk,
"triounced that the House had passed a joint
,-^oluimn (H. Pv. No. 428) relative to the
Centre Market in Washington, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
transportation to tub pacific.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin now demands the execution
of the order adopted by the Senate, which is
the consideration of the Calendar, unless it
be postponed by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
give way for a moment, so as to allow the res-
olution of inquiry that I offered the other
morning to be taken up and acted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
667) for the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best is
regularly before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think there is
any serious opposition to obtaining the inform-
ation that my resolution calls for. It cannot
cost a great deal. It is very valuable inform-
ation, and I am very anxious to have it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield to the Senator from
Nevada?
Mr. HOWE. If I knew that there would
be no discussion on the resolution, of course 1
should yield; but I am satisfied that it will
lead to discussion.
Mr. STEWART. Let us try it for five min-
utes, and if there is discussion I will yield. 1
do not propose to discuss it myself. I am very
anxious to have the information. I think it
very valuable and worth a great deal.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator can take up his
resolution in the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. STEWART. But if we can take a vote
upon it now has the Senator any objection?
The VICE PRES1DENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin can let the regular order pass over
informally by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEWART. For five minutes.
Mr. 110 WE. I will agree to that if there is
to be no debate on the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the order in regard to the Calendar
will be informally passed over, subject to a de-
mand for the regular order by any Senator, and
the Senator from Nevada moves to proceed to
the consideration of a resolution calling for
information, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr.
Stewart, as follows:
Jlesohed, Thattho President be request eel to fur-
nish the Senate with the entire cost ot transporta-
lion of mails ;ind freights of every description to the
Pacific coast; also to ail intermediate points west ot
the Missouri river.from tho annexation ot tnhforma
to July 1, lS'U: and al*o the expenses of the w nr i)e-
partmontand Indian Bureau during the same period
m guarding the overland route fioin t!io Missouri
river to California npr:iin«st Indians and Mormons,
and the cost of the Indian service on the same lino,
including iu all cases freights and all other expendi-
tures.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
conscnt, and agreed to.
committee service.
Mr. MORItlLL, of Vermont. _ 1 ask the
chairman of the Committee on Claims to yield
to me for a moment, to enable me to make a
request of the Senate, which I presume will
lead to no debate and be at once acquiesced in.
The retirement of the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Drake] from the Senate leaves my name
next in order upon and his successor as chair-
, man of the Committee on Education and Labor,
i Being the chairman of another committee, I
' ask that the name of the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Sawvkr] may take the place of
my own, and that he be chairman of that com-
mirtee. „
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont being now at the head of the Com-
I rnittee on Education and Labor, since the
!' icsignatiou of the late Senator from Missouri,
1 asks that his name be placed second on that
committee, and that the Senator from South
Carolina, who is now second, may act as chair-
man is there objection? If there be no ob-
! jeetion the list of committees will theretore be
changed, and the Senator from South Carolina
will act as chairman and the Senator from
Vermont as second upon the Committee on
Education and Labor.
j. milton best.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
CG7) for the relief of Dr. J. Milton Best is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, under the execution of the order in
regard to the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to make a motion,
for the purpose of getting rid of this case and
cases of a kindred character, and with a view
to execute the orderof the Senate. 'This bill,
with the known views of so many Senators here
in regard to it, ought to have been objected to
at the time it was reached, and if it had occurred
to any one at the moment objection would have
been made.
Mr. CONKLING. We did not know what
it was.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was not understood.
I have taken no part in the discussion of it,
but I have listened sufficiently to know that it
involves grave and disputed principles. It
involves not only this case, but a multitude ot
others, some Senators say amounting to a hun-
dred millions, all conceding "that the claims
amount to vast sums of money. It involves
principles about which there is a great deal of
difference of opinion in the Senate and in the
country. It seems to me that, under a rule
which was intended to clear our docket of
undisputed matters, we ought not to waste the
three days of this week in trying the case of
Best or in deciding how far we will go in paying
for depredations committed on loyal citizens
during the war.
I do not intend to go into the argument of
this case. I think it entirely too important to
be argued under the limitation of a five-minute
rule or under any limitation of debate in the
Senate. I therefore move that this bill be
postponed, not with a view to prejudice the
case. I hope the vote will not be taken as if
it were to decide the case forever, but that the
bill will be postponed simply with a view to go
on and execute the order of the Senate, and
clear the docket of those cases to which there
is no objection. There are ofie or two other
bills of general importance to which I should
like to have the attention of the Senate to-
morrow; but I think in two or three days we
might go through the whole of this undisputed
business. If objections are made promptly to
those bills likely to give rise to debate we may
dispose of an immense amount of business im-
portant to our constituents, mostly private bills,
and thus expedite the business of the session.
But if this Best ease is to stand here in the way
of all other business of the Senate, sooner or
later it will be postponed, and the object of
this rule will be defeated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senate will not
postpone this bill. I have stood here ever
since I was a young man [laugbterj pleading
with the Senate to give us some rule of action
upon somethirgor other comingfrom the Com-
mittee on Claims. I have so far succeeded in
getting nothing but unlimited debate. The Sen-
ate has time to consider everything else and to
voce upon everything else except bills coming
from that committee. They are always very
hurried when abill comes from the Committee
on Claims. They never can do anything but
talk about it forever.
This bill which the Senator from Ohio, fol-
lowing in the footsteps of so many others,
repeats here involves very great questions,
both in principle and amount; but which l
say involves only one principle of the most
ordinary character, which has been recognized
over and over again ever since tins uov em-
inent was founded, and never was repudiated
