992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HARMON E. WENTWORTH.
Mr. FENTON. _ I appeal to the Senator
from Michigan to give way for a moment while
I call up a short bill for the relief of a gallant
officer.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will it give rise to
debate?
Mr. FENTON. It will not. If itgivesrise
to debate I will withdraw it. I desire to have
the bill (S. No. 717) for the relief of Harmon
E. Wentworth, late second lieutenant four-
teenth New York heavy artillery, takeaup and
passed.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 717)
for the relief of Harmon E. Wentworth, late
second lieutenant fourteenth New York heavy
artillery, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is
a direction to the Paymaster General United
States Army to pay to Harmon E. Wentworth,
late second lieutenant company D, fourteenth
regiment New York heavy artillery, the full
pay and emoluments of a second lieutenant of
heavy artillery, from the 7th day of June, 1864,
to the 16th day of April, 1865, and also to
allow him what he may have refunded of the
" three months' pay proper " paid to him under
act of March 3, 1865, deducting therefrom all
pay he may have received from the Govern-
ment as an enlisted man for that, period.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHAUNCEY M. LOCKWOOD.
Mr. ABBOTT and Mr. WILLIAMS ap-
pealed to Mr. Chandler to allow them to call
up bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To which Sen-
ator does the Senator from Michigan yield?
Mr. CHANDLER. I yield first to the Sen-
ator from Oregon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to this farming
out of the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senate
resumes the consideration of the railroad bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Illi-
nois objects to my yielding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to farming out
the floor in this way, first to one and then to
another. It is a new practice in the Senate.
I have no objection to these bills being taken
up. If the Senator gives way, let the Chair
recognize whom he pleases. I object to the
Senator from Michigan standing here and say-
ing l; I give way to this man, that man, and
the other." We have never had such a prac-
tice in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
posed the Senator from Michigan did it because
lie desired to retain control of the regular order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he is willing to let
his bill be informally passed over, let that be
done, arid the Senate can go on with other
business. I have no objection to that.
Mr. WILSON. Let us do that for a little
while.
Mr. CHANDLER. Can I do that subject
to the regular order. Can I then call lor the
regular order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
at any time.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then let the regular
order be passed over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over, and the Ciiair recognizes the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate joint reso-
lution No. 100.
'1 here being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sidar the joint resolution (S. R. No. 100) for
the relief of Chauncey M. Lockwood. It
authorizes and directs the Postmaster General
to adju,st and settle upon equitable principles
the claim of Chauncey M. Lockwood, con-
tractor upon mail route 16637, between Salt
Lake City, in Utah, and Dalles City, in the
State of Oregon, for additional compensation
for carrying the mails over that route.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will statethat the joint
resolution has been reported by the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, accompanied
by a printed report setting forth the facts upon
which the petitioner makes his claim.
The VICE PRESIDBNT. The Secretary
will read the report, and the joint resolution
will then be subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
made by Mr. Cole, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, on the 15th of
July, 1870:
In the matter of the claim of C. M. Lockwood,
mail contractor on route No. 16637, the committee
make the following report:
That from the evidence and papers submitted to
them the following appear to be the facts of this
case:
That on the 19th of March. 1868, the Postmaster
General advertised for proposals for transporting
the D nited States mail over route No. 16637, from Salt
Lake City to Dalles, in the State of Oregon, a dis-
tance of eight hundred and seventy-five miles, six
times per week.
That on the loth day of June, 1868. the bids filed
under these proposals were opened, and the claimant
in this case appearing to be the lowest bidder, was
awarded the contract at a compensation of $149,000
per annum. The service by the contract thus
awarded was to begin on the 1st day of October
following, thns allowing the contractor the inter-
vening time, between the 15th of June and that date,
for preparations to carry out his contract.
Immediately after the award of the contract the
petitioner, Mr. Lockwood, began his preparations,
and on the 1st of October had placed upon the line
of the route a full supply of horses, consisting of
several hundred head, with all the necessary vehi-
cles required for a due and proper discharge of the
service.
In the mean time Congress, on the 25th day of June,
1868, passed an act repealing the provisions of the
fourth section of the act of March 25,1864, by which
mail matter from the eastern States and destined
for the Pacific States and Territories was sent to its
destination by sea unless prepaid by letter postage.
The object of this law of 1864 was to lighten the over-
land mail and to enable the Post Office Department
to secure its transportation at reduced cost. The
effect of its repeal was to require a!] mail matter to
be sent across the continent by land, and to increase
the aggregate bulk and weight of the mail to an
amount more than double what it had been prior
to that time. Tbis provision, however, was not to
take effect until the following October, the intention
being, no doubt, to advise the contractors under the
new lettings of the additional burdens which they
would be called upon to assume.
Mr. Lockwood, the petitioner, was not informed or
advised by the Department of this change, and had
no knowledge of it. His first information was de-
rived through the arrival of extraordinary amounts
of mail, and the necessity for its safe and speedy
delivery. He immediately increased his means of
transportation, requiring about double the number
of animals, and an entire change of vehicles over
most of his route, and, as appears by the evidence,
has regularly and faithfully performed tbe service.
To do this required a large additional outlay of
money for stock and stages, and proportionately
increased the number of his employ6s, the cost of
forage, and the other incidental expenses of his con-
tract.
It is a fact to be mentioned to the credit of the
claimant that in no instance has he failed to de-
liver the mails within schedule time, and that not-
withstanding his route is nearly eight hundred
miles in length, and portions of it over mountain
ranges and through a desert country. Considering
that by this line the State of Oregon, the Territory
of Washington, and the intervening Territory of
Idaho are supplied with their Atlantic mail, this
fact is worthy of remembrance.
Under this state of faets, the committee are of
opinion that the petitioner is entitled to relief. The
contractor who had agreed to carry the mail from
Salt Lake City eastward, under the proposals made
and under a bid awarded at the same time that this
claimant became a contractor, upon learning of the
change to be made in the amount of the mail matter
to be transported over tho eastern end of the over-
land line, threw up his contract and refused to at-
tempt its execution. Some idea of the difference
which this change made in the cost of carrying tho
mail may be disclosed by the fact that the Depart-
ment let the eastern line in June at. a Compensation
of $332,000, and when the contractor refused to per-
form the service was compelled to pay under a
special contract a much larger sum for the service.
An investigation was had by Congress into the
matter at the time, and the action of the Depart-
ment in paying the larger amount justified on the
ground tbat Congress having changed the line after
the contract was made the contractor was at liberty
to refuse its execution. Mr. Lockwood having, how-
ever, gone forward and performed the serviee not-
withstanding the new burden placed upon his route,
ought, in the opinion of the committee, to be paid a
reasonable addition for thelabor imposed upon him.
We therefore report back the joint resolution re-
ferred to the committee, authorizing the Postmaster
General to settle the claim of Mr. Lockwood upon a
reasonable and equitable basis, and recommend its
passage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
suggest to the Senator from Oregon whether
it would not be better that the Postmaster
General should first examine such a claim as
this and send forward to us his report stating
what would be a reasonable and just compen-
sation. In acting upon it now w6 act upon it
entirely in the dark. We do not know whether
the claim is $1^000 or $400,000 or $500,000.
I much prefer to act upon a claim when we
know precisely what we are voting upou before
it passes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will state that applica-
tion has been made to the Postmaster General
upon this subject, and he answers that the
Department has no power to settle this claim
without farther legislation by Congress; and
therefore this .joint resolution has been intro-
duced and referred to the committee,and they
have examined the facts about it and report it
back here for consideration.
There is no doubt about the equity or justice
of this claim.^ I have some personal knowl-
edge of the matter. When these advertisements
were published there was nothing but a small
letter mail to be carried over that route. I
have since traveled over it in the stage, and I
was compelled to lie down on tbe sack inside
of the stage because there was not room to sit
up. There was a four-horse load of mail sacks.
The whole mail that before the change in the
law was transported by sea was taken over-
land, and he was compelled to increase the
number of his horses and his expenses im-
mensely or to a very great extent, and the
contract since that time has been let to the
lowest bidder for about sixty thousand dollars
more per annum than the amount he had under
his contract; so that there is great equity in
this bill. There seems to be no other way to
have the claim adjusted except by referring it
to the Postmaster General.
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I do not wish to say
anything to prejudice the claim of this party, as
I know nothing about it except what appears
from the report and what has been said by the
Senator from Oregon ; but I do think, as was
suggested by the Senator from Vermont, that
it is very objectionable to pass bills of this
character referring to tbe Departments the
settlement of claims for damages upon just
and equitable principles. It embarrasses the
Departments, and nobody can tell the extent
of these claims. We have had several such
cases in the history of the Government within
the last dozen years since I have been here. A
case of that kind was referred to the War De-
partment ; there have been two cases referred
to the War Department within my recollec-
tion: one in regard to some corn that was
destroyed in the Creek country in the war
of 1812, where, I think, the amount allowed for
about twelve hundred acres of corn turned out
to be upward of sixty thousand dollars, and
there had been one or two allowances before
that. There have been other cases. Now, the
suggestion of the Senator from Verraontseems
to me to be the right one : let the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads address a note
to the Postmaster General, and inquire of him,
as if this bill had passed, what would be a fair
compensation for the extra labor put upon this
contractor by legislation subsequent to tbe time
of his entering into the contract; let the Post-
master General report the amount and fix it
in dollars and cents, and then we shall know
the extent of our liability.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say a word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator, I sup-
pose, refers in the remarks he has just made
to the claim of Fisher.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
