166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
by this Government in the world, and which
involves just $25,000 and no more ; this bill,
I say, of that character, has been repeatedly
before the Senate and repeatedly discussed. I
' have been surprised at the amount of debate
that it has led to. But after hearing it a few
hours or a few days, as the case may be, some
expedient is found for postponing it, and some
weeks or sessions afterward it comes up again
fresh and new, and the debate has all to be
gone over again. I think now, if the Senate
will consent to go on with this matter, we have
ailready heard several speeches which will not
be repeated this week. Postpone it beyond
the holidays, and you will have them over,
greatly revised and corrected, and "greatly
enlarged," I think is the form used by the pub-
lishers. I ask for action on two accounts. I
ask it both in the interest of the claimant, for
I really think he has been kept out of this
money a great deal too long, and. I ask it espe-
cially on the part of the Committee on Claims,
and I think we have a right to have the action
of the Senate upon bills when they come before
it in some reasonable time.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope this bill will not
be postponed. The suggestion has been made
that the principle upon which the remunera-
tion is asked by this citizen is very important
and should be decided. With all due respect,
I think the principle is certainly important, but
it has been decided and is perfectly clear. The
question will always be in these cases of the
application of the principle to the especial
case. For my own part, I have just as much
tenderness and as strong a regard for the repu-
tation of our country and for the honorable
redemption of every obligation, whether it be
by parol, by necessary implication, or under
seal. I think the question of the faith of this
Government to pay to her citizens and to all
others does not depend upon the form of the
obligation. We should be as prompt and quick
to pay a debt that is honestly due, for which
there is no security whatever given except that
implied by the faith of the nation, as one where
bonds have been sealed, signed, delivered, and
made payable in gold.
The present case may be used as a test case
for a certain class only; but, as 1 said, the prin-
ciple upon which you are to remunerate these
claims is a fixed one and well ascertained. It
is that where a Government takes private prop-
erty for public use compensation shall be paid
to the owner of that property. That is a prin-
ciple which is found imbedded in one of the
articles of our Constitution; and I believe,
independent of that, it had its foundation in
the very nature of law itself and the obligation
of a Government to its citizens.
I do not care at this moment, while the ques-
tion is pending, whether or not we shall con-
sider this case, to express, even in a short man-
ner, some views that I have formed in regard
to the especial case, as to its being a case for
the proper application of the principle of re-
muneration under the language of the Consti-
tution of the United States. It is to my mind
plain upon the facts that it was the taking
of private property for public use, and that
remuneration is the necessary and just conse-
quent to that.
As to the argument that the amount involved
in similar claims to this would be a very great
and inconvenient sum for the Treasury to meet,
I must confess it has no weight with me. I do
not consider that we are entitled to pause and
select as to the peculiar class of cases in which
we are bound to act. The question with me is
whether or not the debt is a just one; and if it
be just, I hold it to be the duty of the repre-
sentatives of the nation promptly to acknowl-
edge it and, as best they may, remunerate it.
■I hope this case will not be postponed. I
see no reason for its postponement. It was
discussed at some length and with much ability
by Senators the other day, and I know of no
reason why a postponement should now be
had. There is no disputed question of facts.
There is no need for more information. Then
why not pass upon a case the principle of
which is very plain and the application of the
principle is the only matter to be decided? I
trust that it will not be postponed, but that the
bill will be considered.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the consideration of
this claim will not be postponed. The case
was examined carefully at the last session of
Congress by the Committee on Claims. It was
for some considerable time before that com-
mittee and occupied a great deal of its time and
attention. The committee gave a very careful
consideration to it, and unanimously directed
a report that the claim should be paid. There
is certainly no good reason why the considera-
tion of the claim should be postponed. The
Senate are as much possessed of the facts of
the case, and as fully competent to decide it
according to its justice and merits now as they
will be at any future time.
There are a good many claims of this char-
acter upon the docket of the Senate. They
ought to be met and acted upon promptly.
The Senate ought to assume and to act stead-
ily upon one of two positions; either that they
will not pay- claims for private property taken
for pnblic use, but will repudiate them; or,
whenever any such claim as that has been
fairly and fully investigated by their committee
and reported upon, they ought to meet the case
and decide it one way or the other. If it is the
purpose of the Senate to repudiate these claims,
let them do so; let the country know what
course the Senate intend to take in relation
to them. If this claim should be paid by the
principles of general public law, as well as by
an express provision of the Constitution that
private property shall not be taken for public
use without just compensation being paid for
it, let the Senate meet the responsibility. It
is a disgraceful trifling with the rights of the
people of the United States who have claims of
this character before Congress for the Senate
to postpone action upon them. I therefore
invoke the Senate to meet this case promptly,
to act upon it unequivocally, and either to pay
the claim or repudiate it, and let them meet
the disgrace of repudiation.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, there
seems to be a misapprehension in regard to
this case on the part of the honorable Sena-
tor from Delaware and the honorable Senator
from Kentucky. The question is not whether
private property taken for public use shall be
paid for. That is not at all the question now
before this body. The question that we are
discussing at this time is, shall property de-
stroyed in battle be paid for out of the Treas-
ury of the United States? Shall property
actually destroyed by shot and shell during a
battle be paid for out of the Treasury of the
United States? Sir, it is athing thathas never
been heard of in the history of war since the
world began. If this Government is to adopt
a line of policy never before adopted by any
civilized or barbarous nation on earth, to wit,
to pay for property destroyed in battle, I think
it ought to be after mature discussion.
As was well said the other day by the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,]
this was in the midst of a battle. The battle
lasted all day and till eleven o'clock at night.
Rebel sharp-shooters took possession of this
house, and from it they shot our gunners at their
guns. At eleven o'clock, from exhaustion, the
battle was simply suspended, that is all—not
ended. The rebels were driven out of this
house by the shot and shell of our cannon at
Fort Anderson. Between the time of their
retiring, at eleven o'clock at night, and their
returning in the morning what there was left
of this house was destroyed in the midst of
the battle for the protection of our gunners at
their guns.
Now, sir, is the Senate under a five-minute
rule to discuss this great question, shall prop-
erty destroyed in battle be paid for by our
Treasury or shall it not? The question is not
whether private property taken for public use
shall be paid for, but. shall private property
destroyed in battle be paid for?
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, there seems
to be a singular misapprehension on the part
of the Senator from Michigan, who has just
taken his seat, and some other Senators who
have discussed the merits of this bill, about its
character. It is not a bill to compensate a
man about whose loyalty there is any question ;
it is not a bill to compensate a man whose
property was destroyed by the enemies of the
country; it is not a bill to compensate a man
whose property was destroyed in the enemy's
country. It is a bill, on the contrary, to com-
pensate a man about whose loyalty there is no
doubt. I thank my colleague for the honor-
able testimony which he bore the other day to
the loyal character of Dr. Best. It is a bill
to compensate a man whose property was de-
stroyed by the Government, or by the military
authorities of the Government. It is a bill to
compensate a man who lived not in the ene-
my's country, but in the State of Kentucky,
and to compensate him not simply for the house
that was destroyed, but likewise for the con-
tents of that house—his furniture, his carpets,
his ornaments &c. That is the character of
the hill. Nor, sir, is it a bill to compensate a
man whose property was destroyed in the shock
of battle, as my colleague thought.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all.
Mr. PRATT. On the contrary, when this
fort was built under the direction of General
Smith, in the fall of 1861, the house of Dr.
Best, costing him some §27,000, bad already
been constructed and finished. He did not
invite the location of that fort within one hun-
dred and fifty yards of his house. He had no
power to prevent it. And, sir, it was in the
contemplation of General Smith, at the time
thisfort wasplanned, as has already been stated
on this floor, to have not only this property but
several other houses within the range of the
guns of the fort, valued for the purpose of
having them condemned and the owners of the
property compensated.
Let me pause right here and ask the Senate,
if Dr. Best's property had been taken then, in
the fall of 1861, when it was contemplated that
this property and the property of other people
should be condemned, would there be any doubt
whatever as to the liability of the Government
to pay the value of his property ? I have not
heard any Senator on this floor advocate the
doctrine that if the claimant's house had been
appropriated under such circumstances there
would be any doubt at all about the liability of
the Government.
Well, sir, why would it have been appro-
priated then ? Simply by way of precaution;
simply to prevent its being used as a fortress
for the sharp-shooters of the enemy; simply
to prevent its being an obstacle to the range
of our guns. The same causes which operated
upon General Smith's mind in the fall of 1861,
when this fort was planned and constructed,
operated upon the mind of the officer in com-
maud, General Hicks, at the time when this
house was actually destroyed. It would have
been destroyed then by way of prevention in
the fall of 1861. It was destroyed in the year
in which it was destroyed (in the year 1861)
for the same cause, by way of prevention.
It was not, as my colleague and other Sen-
ators who have discussed this question assumed,
destroyed in actual conflict, in the shock of
battle. On the contrary, the battle had taken
place the day before; the enemy had retired.
It is true that upon the day succeeding General
Forrest advanced again upon the top of the hill.
It is assumed that he contemplated an attack
upon the fort a second time, and that this attack
would have actually occurred but for the de-
struction of the house. I claim that this assump-
tion is without any foundation whatever. It is
