1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAVIS. That was a claim for property
destroyed in the-Creek war of 1812 or 1813.
The original claim, as made up by Fisher him-
self, and as proved by three of his witnesses,
amounted to thirteen thousand and odd dol-
lars, I believe. It was either that or under
$13,000. It was referred to the War Depart-
ment by various acts of legislation, until sixty-
six thousand and odd dollars were paid, and
a report made from the War Department in
favor of the payment of sixty-six thousand
three hundred and odd dollars more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a good deal
worse than I remembered it. I had that case
in my mind; but I had forgotten that it waa
so enormous as the Senator states. I knew it
was a very unjust allowance that was made, ex-
ceedingly improvident. Now, I suggest to the
Senator from Oregon, as this is one of those
cases, that we stop this kind of legislation. It
is just as easy for the.Postmaster General to
tell us now what amount it would be fair to
allow as it is after this is referred to him. And
let us have some limit to these things before
they are referred. There may be a just and
equitable claim here for something; I do not
know but that there is.
I wish to say, while I am on my feet, in
regard to these private claims that 1 am some-
times complained of for objecting to them. I
do not wish to be in the position of objecting
to private claims which are proper. I think
that the Government ought to pay its just
debts ; and it is just as wrong to refuse to pay
an honest and just claim as it is to appropri-
ate money to the payment of unjust and dis-
honest claims. In this case I only want the
Government to be protected, and I wish that
this person, whose name I do not remember,
should have his just dues, if anything is due
him. But I want to know what I am voting
for.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to have the
resolution read again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois object to its present consid-
eration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be again reported. It is before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole, unless
objected to.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. TIPTON. My trouble in this case is
that the resolution reads, almost verbatim, I
think, like the celebrated Chorpenning reso-
lution, and hence I feel a little delicacy about
seeing it go through without its being very
thoroughly ventilated. When the Senator from
Oregon asserts a knowledge of this case, as
far as his knowledge goes I yield implicitly;
but in regard to all these cases I will not have
a better opportunity than the present to say a
few words explanatory of my course.
In the first place, I object to the considera-
tion and completion of this measure at this
time, from the fact that it is before us under
just such circumstances as crowd around these
cases a!most every day. When a Senator hav-
ing the floor chooses to yield that floor for the
purpose of allowing the passage of a private
bill, or any other bill, the friends of his measure
necessarily feel that they dare not interpose an
objection, or they will lose time; and so they
think the bill had better pass along. Again,
the individual who gets his bill taken up in
this way feels that he must not be interfered
with, because now is his time or never to pass
bis bill, and therefore it is very ungenerous for
me or for you to interpose an objection in the
midst of a contest where it is "now or never"
with the party presenting the bill.
It is not fair, therefore, to the interests of
the Government., it is not fair as to full and
free and entire discussion, to take the floor for
the purpose of these bills when it is occupied
for another purpose , and then it is invidious
that any Senator having the privilege of the
"floor can give it to whom he pleases, and thus
4Ist Cong. §d Sess.—No. 63.
play autocrat over the Senate, and decide who
may legislate and what measures shall be legis-
lated upon at that hour, because, forsooth, he
has the floor, and can farm it out as he pleases.
I object, not in this case particularly, but on
the general principle I do object to passing
this bill or any other bill of the same import
at a time when the floor is held under these
very questionable circumstances.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
object to the consideration of this joint reso-
lution?
Mr. TIPTON. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it is not
before the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I propose to amend it so
as to obviate the objection.
Mr. ABBOTT. I appeal to the Senator from
Michigan to yield to me, that I may call up
House bill No. 1004.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan has already yielded the floor, and
the Chair recognizes the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. ABBOTT. Then I move to take up
House bill No. 1004.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope we shall be
allowed to amend the joint resolution which
has been discussed, so as to obviate the objec-
tion to it.
Mr. TIPTON. I am willing to hear the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from North Carolina yield for that pur-
pose?
Mr. ABBOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am willing to amend
this resolution so as to refer the case to the
Postmaster General for a report to Congress;
but I do not believe that he will take any notice
of the matter at all, unless there is some pro-
ceeding here eitherauthorizing or directing him
to do it. If he would, upon a letter from the
committee, proceed to examine this subject,
and then report, there would, perhaps, be no
objection to that course. But would there be
any objection to passing^a resolution simply
-authorizing him to adjust this account, and
report to Congress for its action whatever the
amount may be ?
Mr. TIPTON. I do not object to that
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is utterly idle for us
to pass a law or joint resolution to accomplish
that purpose. A note from the chairman of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
will at any time get the opinion of the Post-
master General as to the amount due to this
party. And let me say here that, after the
warning we have had in the Chorpenning case,
I am not disposed myself to vote for any bill
authorizing any head of a Department, I do
not care how much confidence I may have in
him, to take money from the Treasury, unless
the amount is eitherlimited by some provision
of the law, or the principles upon which the
decision shall be founded are stated. The
Postmaster General, in the case that has been
brought to our attention unpleasantly by the
House of Representatives, states that he was
forced by the peculiar phraseology of the law
that was passed hurriedly through both Houses,
without the report of a committee, on a single
day, and that the last day of the session—that
he was compelled by the peculiar phraseology
of that law to allow some $460,000 to a
claimant of this very kind.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not at all of this kind.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate to a elaimaut
on a postal route for extra services.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No ; for the destruction
of property.
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate it was the
hurried action of Congress; and the Post-
master General, with a good deal of force,
says that by the peculiar phraseology of that
bill he was prescribed fixed rules of construc-
tion and fixed evidence upon which to base
his action. The result is that we passed a bill
which allowed a claim against the Government
of $460,000.
Now, this claim is one hundred aftd odd
thousand dollars, according to the report. The
amount this party agreed to carry the mail
from one place to another for was $160,000,
and the report states that the service was
doubled. Consequently, if the report is cor-
rect, the finding in this case would be about
one hundred and sixty thousand dollars. Now,
I submit to the Senate whether we ought, under
such circumstances, to pass upon this bill until
we have full information. The old rule, I
remember when I first came to the Senate, was
never to pass a private claim under any cir-
cumstances unless the maximum was fixed in
the law itself. Butthat rule has been departed
from in many cases. I move to recommit the
joint resolution to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and they can get this
information from the Postmaster General.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to say one word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina is entitled to the floor.
Does he yield to allow this motion to be put ?
Mr. ABBOTT. Certainly I yield for that
purpose*
Mr. WILLIAMS. I expected that the Chor-
penning case would be presented here in form-
idable proportions; but there have been fifty
bills, I venture to say, of this exact description
passed without objection since I have been in
the Senate ; but it so happens that there was
one bill passed under which it appears a fraud
was perpetrated. If this rule is to be applied
in this case, I hope it will be applied in other
cases.
Mr. SHERMAN. So do I.
Mr..TRUMBULL. I hope so too.
Mr. WILLIAMS. This is the first time I
have heard this objection made in the Senate
to bills of this description; and it arises out
of the allowance in the Chorpenning case. I
do not wish to press this bill on the Senate in
any shape that will be unsatisfactory, because
I am confident that it is a meritorious claim.
It is very unjust to characterize all claims that
may be presented to Congress as unjust and
unfounded because there happens to be one that
has passed in haste that was not a just claim.
If it be the pleasure of the Senate to refer this
joint resolution back to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads for the purpose
stated, let it be done; but I wish to have it
understood that that is the purpose, because
j when application is made to the Department
; I do not desire the Postmaster General to say,
"I have nothing to do with this matter." If
it be referred by the Senate back to the com-
mittee for the purpose of obtaining inform-
ation as to what this man ought equitably
to have in addition to what he has already
received, then I will allow that motion to
prevail.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to ask my colleague
a question. Did not the claimant in this ease
present bis claim for a certain amount? I
understood that he had fixed the amount which
he asked Congress to reimburse him for this
outlay.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that there
was any specific amount fixed, because it was
impossible for him to ascertain on what prin-
ciple the Postmaster General would adjust the
account.
Mr. CORBETT and Mr. HAMLIN addressed
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chaw recog-
nizes the Senator from Maine.
Mr. ABBOTT. I have not yielded the floor
for debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine yield to the Senator frota
Oregon?
Mr. HAMLIN. For what purpose ?
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to finish my
remarks on this bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have obtained the floor
for the sole purpose of making remarks ; that
