994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
is the very object for which I sought to obtain
the floor.
Mr. CORBETT. I thought I was entitled
to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon [Mr. Corbett] rose to ask a question
of his colleague; his colleague yielded to him
for that purpose; he asked the question; hia
colleague answered it and resumed his seat.
The Chair then awarded the floor to the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. ABBOTT. I thought I was still entitled
to the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina yielded the floor to allow the
motion to be made which is now pending, to
recommit the joint resolution which was called
up by the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say but a word.
I have been a member of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and I think the
Postmaster General, if interrogated by that
committee, will furnish them with just what
evidence he has got upon the files of his De-
partment, and no more. He cannot do more,
unless there shall be some positive legislation
by Congress directing him so to do. -Now, it
does seem to me that the last suggestion made
by the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Williams]
is just and proper; and what is it? That we
direct the Postmaster General to collect the
evidence and submit it to us in proper form
and report what may be found due. Then it
will come before us for our consideration, and
we shall allow that amount, or a less one, or
none, as we shall see fit. It is to direct him
by positive enactment of law to prepSre that
evidence which shall furnish us with the proper
information with which we may subsequently
act; nothing else. And let me say such reso-
lutions are as familiar to me as my alphabet.
For the last twenty years I do not believe there
has been a session of Congress at which a
resolution has not been passed directing some
of the Departments to prepare, hunt up, and
report the evidence in a case, and submit it to
Congress, that Congress may at a subsequent
time act intelligently and wisely upon it. That,
I understand, is all the Senator from Oregon
asks in this case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
my friend from Maine a single question?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is not all the
evidence that could be by any possibility the
foundation of a just and equitable claim already
in the Post Office Department?
Mr. HAMLIN. I think not. I believe I
wa3 a member of the committee when this
case was discussed, if not when it was re-
ported. I think that there are facts which are
not before the Department, and not before the
committee, which were entirely satisfactory
to me. and which may be supplied, and sup-
plied, if not in a precise legal form, yet in a
shape which shall come much nearer to a legal
form than it is now presented.
Mr. COLE. The committee were unable
to get any information from the Post Office
Department touching this claim, and from the
very nature of the claim it will be readily seen
how destitute that Department must be of evi-
dence upon the case. It is a claim for addi-
tional mails sent over that route by reason of
the action of Congress. The evidence, there-
fore, is before Congress in the form of a law.
When this contract was entered into the heavy
mails were being sent by the Isthmus to the
Pacific coast. Afterward, in consequence of
the repeal of that law, the mails were sent
overland and put upon this route.
Mr. CHANDLER. I must call for the
regular order. I think I have shown sufficient
courtesy.
Mr. ABBOTT. I hope the Senator from
Michigan will allow me to call up a bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am compelled to
demand the regular order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The regular order being
before the Senate, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The air-line
railroad bill being before the Senate, the Sen-
ator from Illinois moves that tho Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will change that motion
to one to go into executive session, as I under-
stand there is executive business.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After fifteen minutes spent in exec-
utive session.the doors were reopened; and
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 6, 1871.
The House metat twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read.
correction of the journal.
Mr. KERR. I rise to make a correction of
the Journal. It states that on last Saturday I
presented some papers for Mr. Nelson Tift,
contesting the claim of Colonel Whitely to the
seat as Representative from the second district
of Georgia. I do not understand that there is
any such contest. The, papers which I pre-
sented related, not to a contest, but to the claim
of Mr. Tift to a seat in this House.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be
corrected.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at twenty minutes after twelve o'clock.
This being Monday, the first business in order
during the morning hour is the call of States
and Territories, beginning with the State of
Maine, for bills and joint resolutions to be
introduced on leave and referred to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought
back by motions to reconsider. Under this
call resolutions and memorials of State and
territorial Legislatures are .in order for refer-
ence and printing.
import duties.
Mr. HOAR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2945) to limit the operation of the sixth section
of the act approved March 3, 1865, entitled
"An act amendatory of certain acts imposing
duties upon foreign importations;" which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
soldiers"01 war of 1812.
Mr, JENCKES presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Rhode Island, requesting
the passage of an act granting pensions to the
soldiers of the war of 1812.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask that it be read.
The joint resolution was read, referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
soldiers'monument,meriden,connecticut.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H.- R. No. 492) granting condemned
ordnance for a soldiers' monument at Meriden,
Connecticut; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
On motion of Mr. HAIGHT, the joint reso-
lution was read in extenso; and it was then
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
new york irish emigrant society.
Mr. POTTER presented the memorial of
the Irish Emigrant Society of New York; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
seneca indians.
Mr. COX presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of New York in refer-
ence to lands in that State occupied by the
Seneca Indians.
On motion of Mr. HAIGHT, the joint res-
olution was read in extenso; and was then
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MAYHAM presented a similar joint
resolution; which took the same reference.
stephen b. myers.
Mr. BIRD introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 493) granting indemnity to Stephen H.
Myers for the loss of boat Swan or leave to
be heard in the Court of Claims; which was
read a first and second time.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, the joint reso-
lution was read in extenso; and it was then
referred to thfe Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
- pay of election officers.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2946) to provide for the pay of the election
officers appointed by the judges of the circuit
courts of the United States in cities having
upward of twenty thousand inhabitants.
On motion of Mr. RANDALL, the bill was
read in extenso.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the second read-
ing of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question then is,
" Shall the bill be read a second time ?"
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. My motion goes to the
rejection of the bill.
Mr. O'NEILL. I merely ask to have the
bill referred to the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures.
The SPEAKER. If the House decide not
to read the bill a second time, that will be
equivalent to its rejection. If the bill be
ordered to be read a second time, it will be
so read; and the question will then be on its
reference to the Committee on Public Expend-
itures.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it understood that
bills and joint resolutions introduced for refer-
ence, not to be brought back by a motion to
reconsider, are liable to be acted on in this
way?
The SPEAKER. It is clearly within the
rule of the House so to do.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask that the bill be
again read.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been read
once, and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
HolmanJ objects to its second reading. The
question for the House now to determine ia
whether the bill shall be read a second time
or not; so that it is not in order for the gentle-
man to ask that it be again read. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 129, nays 58,
not voting 52 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler. Arnell. Aspcr,
Barry, Bearnan.Beatty. Benjamin, Benton, Betliune,
Bingham, Blair, Bowen, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks. Buck, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Rod-
erick It. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William
T. Clark, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Cook, Cowles, Cullom, Darrail, Degener,
Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Dockery, Donley,
Duval. Dyer, Ela, Farnsworth, Ferriss. Finkeln-
burg, Fisher, Fitch, Garfield, Hale, ltawley, Hay,
Hefim, Hoar, Hoge, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Alexander H. Jones, Judd, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp,
Lash, L'awrenee, Long, Loughridge, Lynch, May-
nard, MoCrary, McKee, MeKenzie, Mercur, Eliakim
H. Moore. William Moore, Morey, Morphis, Daniel
J. Morrell, Negley, Newsham, O'Neill. Orth, Pack-
ard, Packer, HalbertE. Paine, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter,
Prosser, Rainey, Roots, Sargent. Sawyer, Scofiold,
Lionel A. Sheldon, John A. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strickland,
Strong, Taffe, Tanner, Tillman. Townsend. Twiohell,
Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whit-
more, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams, Winans, and
Wolf—129. „ ,
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Ayer, Barnum, Beck,
Biggs, Bird, Booker. Buckley, Burr, Catkin, Cleve-
land, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Eldridgo,
Getz, Gibson, Haight, Haldeman, Hamill, Hawkins,
Hays, Holrnan, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Lewis, Marshall, May ham. McCormick, McNcjly,
Milnes, Morgan, Niblack, Williatn W. Paine, Pot-
ter, Price, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Sheriod,
