m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
the fault of the owner, it must be confessed,
but by the fortune andaccidentof war, of battle,
was in the actual possession of the enemy, and
used as a fortress and protection, behind which
they sheltered themselves, and from which
they annoyed the Union troops, killing consid-
erable numbers of them. The night passed ;
from eleven o'clock until the next morning we
do not know that there was any actual fighting
on the field, but the next morning, the morn-
ing of the 26th, as the report teaches us, the
enemy reappeared upon the field with rein-
forcements, indicating manifestly their dispo-
sition to renew the conflict, and at that peril-
ous moment, acting prudently and acting under
an irresistible necessity of battle which was
imminent, the Union commander directed the
destruction of this house by burning, and it
was burned.
Mr. P.&ATT. I should'like to ask the Sen-
ator from Michigan, at this point, whether
General Hicks, when ordering the house to be
burned down at that time, did anything more
than to carry out the original intent of General
Smith at the time the fort was planned and
being built; whether itwas not simply a carry-
ing out of what was originally intended, the
destruction of that house in order to be out
of the range of the guns?
Mr. HO WARD. . I do not know anything
about the carrying out of any other officer's
orders. It is sufficient to me to see from the
face of the report that this house was destroyed
as an act of battle against the enemy. The
sharp-shooters were reappearing upon the
field, and were manifestly intending to regain
possession of this house and to carry on the
battle during the 26th in the manner they had
on the 2oth. It was all one continued battle,
and it was just as necessary, just as important
to the safety of the Union troops aud to the
cause of the country to demolish and bum up
the house on the morning of the 26th as it was
during the afternoon or evening of the 25th.
It was a shelter and a stronghold of the enemy,
and was intended to be used on the 2(ith as
such ; and, as 1 said before, the whole operation
was that of a continued battle between contend-
ing hosts upou the field, and this house was
destroyed iu the actual shock of battle, strictly
and properly speaking.
This house was not " taken for public use'1
in the seuse of the Constitution. The Govern-
ment had no use for this house at all. It. did
not seize and take it for public use, nor did it
put it to any public use as contemplated iu
the Constitution. The Government derived,
properly speaking, no other advantage from
the destruction of the house than to deprive
the enemy of it as astronghold and a protection.
It was destroyed ; not captured. It was de-
stroyed and obliterated; not seized or taken for
public use; and was not devoted or used for
the benefit of the public in any way whatever.
It was simply destroyed as an act of necessity,
under the irresistible pressure of war aud of
self-defense, and nobody can deny it.
Mr. PRATT. I should be glad at this point
to ask the Senator from Michigan whether the
specific use made by the destruction of this
house was not the security of the men inside
the fort, and whetherthat was not a legitimate
use of the destruction of the property?
Mr. HOWARD. It is not a use. It may
be a benefit. It is not such a using of the
property as is contemplated by the Constitu-
tion. When the United States take private
property for public use the general under-
standing is that the Government uses the prop-
erty for some purpose beneficial to itself, and
continues the property in existence for public
use, and pays for. the public use to which it is
devoted.
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator from Mich-
igan allow me to ask him another question?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
- Mr. PRATT. If when this fort was planned
and being built the military authorities had
then seized upon the house and destroyed it,
would that have been a use within the sense
of the Constitution ?
Mr. HOWARD. If this house was about to
fall into the hands of the sharp-shooters of the
enemy at that moment, if it was menaced with
an attack, if it was perfectly apparent to the
Union commander that it was about to fall
into the hands of the enemy to be used as a
stronghold and against us, then it would have
been perfectly right at any time to have demol-
ished the house as an act necessary in the prose-
cution of a battle, as one of the accidents, the
irresistible accidents of actual conflict on the
field. So much for the facts of the case. Itwas
destroyed in actual battle, as one of the opera-
tions of a battle where there were two conflicting
parties actually engaged upon the field seeking
to destroy one another.
I was somewhat interested, I must confess,
a few days ago, when this question was up, at
the use which was made by my honorable
friend from West Virginia [Mr. Willey] of an
extract from Vattel's Law of Nations. He
spoke very modestly to the Senate when he read
the passage upon which he placed so much
reliance. He read it correctly, and remarked
very becomingly that he simply called the
attention of the Senate to the doctrines of that
great writer as thus laid down. He did not
pretend to enlarge upon the text of Vattel, nor
to comment upon it, nor add any glosses, but
was kind enough to call our attention to the
passage. I thought when he read it that I had
read that passage before, and that there was
something in immediate connection with it
which also rested in my mind as of equal im-
portance; and now the Senate will allow me
to read the passage from Yattel which imme-
diately follows the one which was read by the
honorable Senator from West Virginia. The
author says, as the Senator from West Virginia
read :
"Or when liis standing corn or hii-'store-liouses are
destroyed, to prevent their being of use to the enemy.
Sueli damages are to bo made good to the individual,
I who should boar only his quota of the loss."
And there my honorable friend from West
Virginia stopped; but Vattel proceeds, and
says in the next sentence:
"But there are other damages, caused by inevita-
ble necessity, as, for instance, the destruction caused
by the artillery in retaking a town trom the enemy.
These are merely accidents, they are misfortunes
which chance deals out to the proprietors on whom
they ha ppen to fall. The sovereign, indeed, ought to
show an eauitable regard for the sufferers, if t.he sit-
uation of his .ituirs will admit of it; but no action"—
That is to say, no legal claim—
"lies against tho State for misfortunes of this nature—
for losses which she has occasioned, not willfully, but
through necessity and by mere accident, in the exer-
tion of her rights. Thcsamemay besaid of damages
caused by tho enemy. AH tho subjects are exposed
to such damages, and woe to him on whom they fall i
The members of a society may well encounter such
risk of property, since they encounter a similar risk
of life itself. Were theStatcstrictlytoindemnifyall
those whose property is injured in this manner the
public finances would soon be exhausted, and every
individual in the State would be obliged to contribute
his share in duo proportion—a thing utterly imprac-
ticable. Ilesides, these indemnifications would be
liable to a thousand abuses, and there would be no
end of tho particulars. It is therefore to be presumed
that no such thing was ever intended by those who
united to form a society."—Vattel's Loxo of Rations,
ch. 15, sec. 232, p. 403.
There is the whole doctrine spread out plainly
and clearly by that eminent writer on public
law, and I cannot deduce from that page any
such conclusion as that which has been drawn
from it by my honorable friend from West Vir-
vinia [Mr. Willey] and by the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Pratt] in favor of the present
bill, because, talk of it as we may, deplore this
necessity which cost Dr. Best his house as
much as we may, wo see from the report itself
that it was one of the accidents of war, one of
the irresistible necessities of actual conflict on
the field of battle; and it would be just as con-
sistent in any other person whose woods, whose
forests had been broken and crushed by shot
and shell during the prosecution of an actual
battle, to claim indemnity against the Gov-
ernment of the United States for the loss of
his trees or the limbs of his trees, as for Dr.
Best to claim compensation, as a legal right,
for the destruction of his house.
No, sir; it was one of the hard and dread-
ful necessities of war—the same description of
necessity which requires a man to lay down
his life for his country, which we all know was
a sacrifice made with alacrity and patriotism
and gallantry by more than three hundred
thousand of the Union soldiers.
This author says, very properly, that it is
impracticable for any Government to meet this
description of claims, claims rising from the
accidents of war. If the accident occurs in
consequence of the movements of the enemy,
then no one here or elsewhere pretends that a
claim of indemnity arises in favor of the sufferer
at all; and for the same reason it must follow
that where property is destroyed as a means of
annoying the enemy, or as a means in actual
battle of protecting ourselves, it is one of the
necessities to which every owner of property
must submit, and he has no legal claim against
the Government for indemnity.
In saying what 1 have said I do not mean to
disparage the character of Dr. Best. I take it
for granted that he was a Union man, and that
if there be any claim anywhere for indemnity,
perhaps his is as good a one as any. At all
events, we must regard it here as a test case.
The facts are too clear, however, to admit of a
doubt that this property was destroyed in the
prosecution of an actual battle; that it was
one of the irresistible necessities of an actual,
existing, bloody conflict on the field. Now,
sir, it is in vain to set up as a principle of pub-
lic law that a Government is bound iu such a
case as that to indemnify the sufferer. You
might as well ask the Government of the Uni-
ted States to insure against a thunderbolt or
against a conflagration or an earthquake, or
any other of the great natural phenomena
by which men are terrified and sometimes
destroyed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend from Michigan how it ia possible, in the
case he puts, to distinguish between the actual
damage done by the rebels in the house—for
they occupied it, it seems, the first day of the
battle—and the damages done by our own shot
and shell from the boats and the fort on the
house, aud the actual injury done to the house
on the next day when itwas finally destroyed?
IIow is it possible to distinguish between these
three classes of injuries? It is admitted on all
hands that the damage done by the rebels in
the house we are not responsible for; the dam-
ages done by our forts in firing upon the build-
ing when it was occupied by the rebels we are
not responsible for ; and it is only claimed that
we are responsible for the residuum—the dam-
age done after these two previous damages had
been exhausted. How is it possible to make
a distinction between them ?
Mr. HOWARD. The damage to the house
is the carrying off the brick.
Mr. SHERMAN. Knocking down the brick.
Mr. HOWARD. I can really see no ground
of distinction between these descriptions of
damage. There is really no distinction. The
honorable chairman of the Committee on
Claims, it seems to me, seeks to carry the prin-
ciple of protection and indemnity entirely too
far; and I think that fault is justly and fairly
chargeable against themajority of thecommittee
which reported this bill. I think they mistake
the principle of public law applicable to such
cases.
_ Mr. HOWE. Will my friend allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. HOWARD. Oh, yes.
_ Mr. HOWE. I ask him whether the rela-
tions between this Government and its citizens
are regulated by public law or by our own
Constitution ?
Mr. HOWARD, Those relations are regu-
lated by our own municipal laws, by the laws
ot nations, by the laws of nature, the laws of
war, and the laws of God. There are five
