170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
bankruptcy act amendment, '
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2548) amending the
bankruptcy act; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
bribery at elections.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2549) to prevent and punish bribery and cor-
rupt practices in the elections of members "of
the House of Representatives in the Congress
of the United States; which was read afirst and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
thames river, connecticut.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 423) to improve the
Thames river, Connecticut; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
brigadier general nathaniel lyon.
Mr. STARKWEATHER also introduced a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 424) granting iron
or bronze guns ior a monument to Brigadier
General Nathaniel Lyon, at Eastford, Connec-
ticut; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee On Military
Affairs.
enforcement of fifteenth amendment.
Mr. CHURCHILL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2550) to amend an act approved May 31,
1870, entitled " An act to enforce the rights of
citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union, and for other pur-
poses which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
new york eastern judicial district.
Mr. SCnUMAKER introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2551) to repeal an act entitled " An act
to create the eastern judicial district of the
State of New York which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
post-marking and cancellation.
Mr. TANNER introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 425) authorizing the Postmaster
General to continue in use in the postal service
of the United States an instrument or device
for post-marking, and for the more effectual
cancellation of postage stamps, and to make a
fair, just, and equitable settlement with the
inventor and patentee of the same, and to pay
or compensate them for the pastand future use
thereof by the Post Office Department; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. TANNER. I move that the joint reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That ought to go to the
Committee of Claims. It is a claim, and noth-
ing else.
Mr. TANNER. There is no appropriation in
the resolution—no allowance made. It merely
confers authority on the Postmaster General to
do matters relating to the administration of his
office.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is the old cork opera-
tion. I move to amend the gentleman's motion
so as to refer the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. Tanner's motion was agreed to; and
the joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
coroner of the district.
Mr. FISHER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2552) further to define the nature and extent
of the duties and powers of the coroner of the
District, and prescribing his fees and the man-
ner of collecting the same; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
correspondence or post cards.
Mr. HILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2553) authorizing the Postmaster General to
issue one-cent "correspondence" or "post
cards;" which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
john conland.
Mr. HILL also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2554) granting a pension to John Conland ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
soldiers' monument, tusoarora.
Mr. MERCUR introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 426) donating condemned can-
non for the use of a soldiers' monument in
the township of Tuscarora, Bradford county,
Pennsylvania ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
removal op causes from state courts.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2555) to amend an act entitled "An act
for the removal of causes in certain cases from
State courts;" which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Revis-
ion of the Laws of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
duty on tea and coffee, etc.
Mr. PACKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2556) to place tea and coffee upon the free
list, and to increase the duties upon pig and
scrap iron; which was ryad a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
war claims of loyalists.
Mr. McKENZIE introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 427) for the appointment of
commissioners to examine and report to Con-
gress upon the claims of loyal citizens for dam-
ages during the war of the rebellion ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. HEFLIN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2557) to remove the legal and political disabil-
ities of certain persons therein named in the
State of Alabama; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
american university foil the blind.
Mr. HARRIS introduced a bill (H. It. No.
2558) to aid in the establishing and endowing
of the American Printing House for the Blind
and the American University for the Blind;
which was read afirstand second time, referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2559) to remove the legal and political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States from per-
sons therein named; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
safes for collectors.
Mr. UPSON introduced a joint resoluti.on
(H. R. No. 429) relative to furnishing safes to
collectors of internal revenue; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
john iieddinger.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2560) granting a pension to John
Heddinger ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
amelia a. surra.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2561) granting a pension to
Amelia A. Smith; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
additional pay of officers.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2562) to amend an act entitled "An act
to extend the benefits of section four of an
act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending June 80, 1865,
approved March 3J 1865," approved July 18,
1866; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2503) for the relief of W. A. Allison,
Thomas Walker, and John McLaurine, of Gib-
son county, Tennessee; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the select Cpmmitttee on
Reconstruction.
settlement of claims.
Mr. COB URN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2564) providing that accounts or claims which
have been adjusted by the proper officers of
the Treasury shall not be reopened except by
law, and limiting the time for the presentation
of claims and accounts, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures.
samuel adams.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2565) to pay Samuel Adams for services ren-
dered m exploring the Colorado river and its
tributaries; which was read a first an.d second
time, and, with the accompanying papers,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
henry willman.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2560) for the relief of Henry Willman, late a
private in the third regiment of Indiana cav-
alry; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
donation of condemned ordnance.
Mr. COOK introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 430) granting four pieces of con-
demned cannon to the Soldiers' Monument
Association of La Salle county, I llinois; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
margaret j. butchhr.
Mr. BOYD introduced abill (H. R. No. 2567)
granting a pension to Margaret J. Butcher;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
military peace establishment.
Mr. ASPER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2568) to repeal the twenty-sixth section of the
act entitled "An act to increase and fix the
military peace establishment of the United
States." approved July 28, 1866; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
relief of military officers.
Mr. ASPER also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 431) to repeal the third section
of the joint resolution amendatory of the joint
resolution for the relief of certain officers of the
Army, approved July 11, 1870; which was read
a firstand second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
bridge at st. joseph, missouri.
Mr. ASPERalso introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2509) to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river at or near St. Joseph,
Missouri; which was read afirst and second
time, referred to the Committee on Railways
and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
iiy orographic office.
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2570) to increase the efficiency of the
