#6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February %
official duties; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
grade of maryland avenue.
Mr. PAINE, of Georgia, also introduced a
bill (H. JR. No. 2959) to regulate the grade of
Maryland avenue from the end of Long Bridge
to Twelfth street; which was read a first and
second .time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
removal op political disabilities.
Mr. PAINE, of Georgia, also introduced a
bill (EL R. No. 2960) to relieve certain per-
sons therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United Stated;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Select Committee on Recon-
struction.
Mr. SHERROD introduced a bill (EL R.
No. 2961) for the removal of the political dis-
abilities of John D. Raster, of the State of
Alabama; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. SHERROD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2962) for the removal of the political
disabilities of Thomas Morrow, of the State of
Alabama; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. SHERROD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2963) for the removal of the political
disabilities of John Morasco, of the State of
Alabama; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. SHERROD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2964) for the removal of the political
disabilities of N. C. Almon, of the State of
Alabama; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
Mr. SHERROD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2965) for the removal of the political
disabilities of Charles Gibson, of the State of
Alabama; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the select Committee on
Reconstruction.
peter mills.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2966) to amend an act entitled "An act for the
relief of Peter Mills," approved June 30,1834;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
david a. chandler.
Mr. BINGHA.M introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2967) for the payment of bounty to David
A. Chandler, of the twenty-fourth regiment of
the Veteran Reserve corps; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
expenses op district judges.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2968) to provide for the expenses of
district judges; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
foreign-built iron ships.
Mr. BECK introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 494) authorizing the purchase and regis-
tration of foreign-built iron ships of not less
than fifteen hundred tons burden, for twelve
months after the passage of this act, by citi-
zens of the United States, instead of taxing
the people to subsidize lines of steamers, &c.;
which was read a first time.
The question was upon reading the joint
resolution a second time.
Mr. CALKIN. . I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be read at length.
The Clerk began the reading of the joint
resolution, but before concluding,
Mr. MAYNARD said: Would it be in order
now to move to suspend the rules so far that
no bills, &c., presented under this call for ref-
erence only shall be read at length ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules can be made, even to suspending this call.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not wish to suspend
this call, but I will move to suspend the rules
so far that bills shall not be read at length on
the call of a single member.
The SPEAKER. The Chair faould dislike
to submit such a motion, because, under the
rule's, it is the right (of any faember to have a
bill read at its different stages. Of course the
rules also provide that such a right may be sus-
pended, as also the right to introduce a bill at
all can be suspended by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. RANDALL. This is a very important
bill. • '
The SPEAKER. Of course if gentlemen
insist on having bills read in full it will deprive
members from three fourths of the States of
the opportunity to introduce bills, because at
the end of one hour a motion to suspend the
rules is in order, and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Porter] is claiming the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL. 'I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If this bill be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means under this
call, is it understood that it shall not be
brought back by a motion to reconsider ?
The SPEAKER. Of course under the spe-
cific provision of the rule it cannot be brought
back by a motion to reconsider ; but the States
cannot be called through under the ordinary
process, if gentlemen insist on having bills
read.
Mr. BECK. I do not desire the reading of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Calkin] has called for the reading
of the bill. If that call be persisted in the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Porter] insists
on his motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CALKIN. I insist on the' call for the
reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill goes over
till next Monday; and the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Porter] is on the floor upon a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BECK. Does this dispose of my bill for
to-day?
The SPEAKER. It does, if the House
agrees to the motion to suspend the rules.
The Chair will make an explanation so that
the House may understand this matter. On
every Monday morning it is the duty of the
Chair, in accordance with the rules, to call
the States and Territories for the introduction
of bills on leave and joint resolutions to be
referred to their appropriate committees, and
not to be brought back by a motion for recon-
sideration. The rule states that—
" The whole of said day shall be appropriated to
bills on leave and resolutions, until all the States
and Territories are called through."
But the rule also says that at the expiration
of one hour after the Journal is read, or earlier
if the call of the States and Territories is con-
cluded, the Speaker may entertain a motion to
suspend the rules, so that of course if the
House shall suspend the rules the introduction
of bills and joint resolutions for to-day will be
cut off.
Mr. CALKIN. I withdraw the demand for
the reading of the joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. It was the request of the
Chair that the States and Territories might be
called through, because this is the only call
under which members have the absolute right
to present bills. To curtail or destroy this call
by insistingon the reading of bills will seriously
interfere with the rights of members. The
demand being withdrawn for the reading in
full this joint resolution, and it having been
read a second time by its title, it will be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
thomas maxwell.
Mr, ARNELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2969) granting a pension to Thomas Maxwell,
of Hardin county, Tennessee, for services as
scout in the Union Army during the late rebel-
lion ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
jrfeedmbn's homestead company.
Mr. ARNELL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 29701) to incorporate the Freedmen's
Homestead Company; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the select Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and ordered to be
printed.
removal op disabilities.
Mr. HAWKINS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2971) for the removal of political disabil-
ities from persons therein named ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the select Committee on Reconstruction.
indiana circuit court.
Mr. TYNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2972) to authorize the circuit court of the
United States in the State of Indiana to make
partition of a reservation to the band of Me-
shin-go-me-sa, a Miami Indian; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
thomas b. valentine.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2973) for the relief of Thomas B. Valentine;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
improvement op wabash river.
Mr. NIBLACK presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Indiana, in-
structing the Senators and requesting the Rep-
resentatives in Congress from that State to
endeavor to obtain an appropriation from Con-
gress for the improvement of the navigation
of the Wabash river; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
encouragement of immigration.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2974) to encourage immigration to the United
States, to regulate the carriage of European
immigrant passengers in steamships and other
vessels, and for their better protection before,
upon, and after arriving at the ports of the
United States; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
three per cent. loan, etc.
Mr. COBURN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2975) to amend an act to provide for
the redemption of the three per cent, tempo-
rary loan certificates, and for an increase of
national'bank notes, approved July 12, 1870;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee'on Banking and Currency,
and ordered to be printed.
public buildings, indiantsolis.
Mr. COBURN also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2976) to authorize the appropriation of a
sum sufficient to construct an addition to the
United States court-house and post office at
Indianapolis, Indiana; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
bureau of statistics.
Mr. COBURN also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 495) restoring the office of
Director of the Bureau of Statistics; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
susan dayton anderson.
Mr. McNEELY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2977) for the relief of Susan Dayton An-
derson, daughter a.nd sole heir of Lieutenant
