m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
. for the assessment and collection of said tax, and
nearly all other taxes requiring a large number of
assessors and other officers have been repealed by
said law, and the collection of the income tax is
necessarily more expensive than any other tax-
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be requested to inquire into the expediency of the
immediate repeal of the income tax, and report to
this House.
On seconding the previous question there
were—ayes 55, noes 61; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kellogg and
Mr. Benjamin were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 64, noes 71.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to debate the reso-
lution.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bexjamin] rising to debate the reso-
lution, it will go over under the rule, The
morning hour has now expired.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. BEAMAN, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill (tl. R. No. 2o7'J)
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1872; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and made the special order for
to-morrow after pending special orders shall
have been disposed of.
Mr. MAYNARD. _ I desire to reserve all
points of order on this bill.
Mr. BEAMAN. There is no legislation in
the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I withdraw my
reservation of points of order on the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM and Mr. FINKELNBCJRG
renewed the points of order.
order op business.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the pension appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. Before that can be done
the House must first dispose of a motion by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Cbeiss,] which
comes over from Monday last, to suspend the
rules and pass a preamble and resolutions
which the Clerk will read.
sinking fund.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas in answer to a resolution of this House,
passed March U, J870, in words following, namely,
Jlesoivcd, I hat tho Secretary of tho Treasury bo.
and is hereby, directed to furnish to this House, at
as early a day as practicable, a statement showing
the amount and description of bonds purchased bv
linn since the 1st day ot July, 1860, on account of the
sinking iund; and also at what dates aud at what
prices the same -were purchased; and also what
amount ana what description of bonds have been
purchased m addition on account of the liquidation
oi the public debt since the date aforesaid, and at
vVi HplC0v* "10 same were purchased,'3 the Secretary
of the ireasury has transmitted a statement (Kxecu-
t Tt°v i0R?-oUfei!i !iFls lr0wing that from the 1st of
July, ISoJ, to the 24th of March, 1870, there had been
i0n i'°Fi0unrj " liquidation of the public
fePk- ^ho Government to the amount of
$< 3,82-0, ool), which cost the (Government, including
premium, the sum of $35,416,639 10, the price paid in
excels ot the bonds purchased boing $11,621 089 JO-
and whereas there lias been also purchased, under
tne second^clause of the fourth section of the aet of
J. ebuiaiy zd, 1862, entitled An act to authorize the
issue of United btates m.tes and for tho redemption
or lunduig thereof, and lor funding the floating debt
ot the united States/' on account of tho sinking
1 bonds of the (Government to the amount '
oi v-O.SuO.oUO, lor which was paid, including premium !
tho sum ol $23,829,801) 98, the price paid in excels of I
the amount of bonds purchased being ^3,023 300 93 I
up to aud including the 16th of March, 1870; and I
%vheroas it is turther desired that tho amount of \
bonds that have been purchased on account of the '
liquidation of the public debt and the sinking fund, i
with dates of purchase and amountpaidas premium |
thereon, shall be ascertained, covering the peiiocls *
from the said 16th and 24th days of March respect- I
ively, as aforesaid, until the date that such report
may be made to this House: therefore.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, requested to transmit to this House,
at as early a day as practicable, a further statement,
giving the amount and description of the bonds pur-
chased by him since the 24th day of March, 1870,
until the date of the report on account of the liquid-
ation of the public debt, and at what prices thesame
were purchased ; and also what amount and what
description ofbondshavo been or may be purchased
in addition, since the 16th of March, 1870, on account
of the sinking fund; and also at what prices the same
were purchased; and further,
Resolved, That thoSeeretary he requested to inform
this House under and by virtue of what provision of
law bonds in liquidation of the public debt have been
purchased by the Government in the markets.
Mr. SCOFIELD. What information has
already been furnished ?
Mr, CliEBS. I wish the gentleman would
state where it is to be found. I have sought
for it, and cannot find it.
The question was upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules and pass the preamble and reso-
lutions.
Mr. CE.EBS. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 62. nays 1*21, not voting
52; as follows:
YBAS—Messrs, A xfolj, Ilarnum, Barry, JBeatty,
jicck, liigsrs, Bird. Booker, Boyd, Burr, Calkin,
Conner, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Dox, Duke, Eld ridge,
Gotz, Gibson, iJriswold, ilaldeman, llamill, Harris,
HoJmun, Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Knott, Law-
rence, Marshall, Mayham, MeCormick, McKee, Mc-
lvenzie, McxV ceiy, Milncs, Morgan, Morri&sey, Mun-
gen, Niblack, Potter, Reeves, Rice, llogers, Scnu-
maker, Sheirod, Shober, Slocum, Joseph S. Smith,
\V illi&m J. Smith, Stone, >Strader, Swann, Trimble,
v an Auken, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wells, Eugene
M. Wilson, "Winchester, Wood, and Woodward—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Arnell, Atwood,
Bailey, Banks, Bcaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bing- 1
ham, Blair, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buf-
unton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F.Butler, Rod-
erick it. But I or, Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark,
Sidney Clarke, AnjusaCobb, Clinton L.Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Cowles, Culiom, Dawes, Degener, Dickey,
♦Joseph Dixon, Aathan F. Dixon, Dockery, Donley,
Duval, Dyer,Kia, Kcrnss, Terry, Finkelnburg, Fisher,
iutch, Cilfillan, Hawkins, Ilawley, Iloge, Holmes,
Hooper, Ingersoli, Jenokes, Alexander H. Jones,
Judd, Julian, Kclley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham,
lvnapp, Laiim, Loughrid^e, Lynch, Manning, May-
nard, McCrary, MeGrew, Mercur, Eliakim !L Moore,
Jesse 1L Moore, William Moore, Morphis, Samuel
P. Morrill, O'Neill, Ortti, Packer, Paine, Palmer,
Peek, Perce, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Porter, Gros-
ser; Rainey, Sanford, Sargent, Sawyer. Scofield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon,"Porter Sheldon, John
A. Smith, \V orthington C. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stokes, Stoughton, Strong,
lane, ianner, Ja.ylor,Tillman,Tovvnsend, Twichell,
iyner, Upson, Van Horn, Wallace, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whit-
more, Wilkinson, Willard, Williams. John T. Wil-
son, Witcher, and Wolf—121.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Asper, Ayer, Bennett, Boles, Bowen,
James Brooks, Cuke, Cleveland, Cook, Covode, Dar-
rall, larnsworth, Fox, Garfield, llaight, Hale, Ham-
hieton Hamilton, Hay, Hays, 3ietiin, Hill, Hoar,
Hotehkiss, Kerr, Lash, Lewis, Logan, McCarthy
Morey, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, Newsham,
i ackard, J* etcrs, Pla.lt, Randall, Roots, Schenck
Miles, Mricklmul, .Sweeney, Sypher, Vail Wyck
ttaid, \V heeler, and Winwis—52.
bo (two thiids not voting in favor thereof)
tho rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. KNOTT said: I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Lewis, is detained from the
House by sickness. If present he would vote
"ay."
centra! 1jkanch union' pacific railroad.
Mr. FITCIi. I ask unanimous consent that
Senate bill No. 4B9 may be restored to .its place
on the Speaker's table. Tho bill was sent to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and we
desire now that it may resume its place on the
Speaker s table, j he merits ot the bill are not
involved in this question at all.
Mr, HQLMAN. I ask that the title of the
bill be read.
The Clerk read the title, as follows:
a=fc .r,ela«n? to tho Contral Branch Union
Pacific Railroad Company.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
request, of the gentleman from Nevada, [Mr
Pitch.] ' I
Mr. HOLMAN. I object. i
I
Mr. FITCH. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that motion I call the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask that the bill be read
before we vote on the question of suspending
the rules.
The bill was read. It provides in the first
section that nothing contained in the act of
Congress approved J^ly 3,1866, relating to the
Union Pacific railway, eastern division, shall
deprive the Central Branch Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, assignee of the Hannibal and
St. Joseph Railroad Company, of its right to
continue its road aud telegraph line westerly
from the termination of the one hundred miles
mentioned in the aet of Congress incorporating
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, approved
July 1,1802, to a connection with the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company as one of the branches
thereof; but the Central Branch Union Pacific
Railroad Company may continue its road west-
erly from the termination of the one hundred
miles aforesaid to a connection with the Union
Pacific railroad at any point not further west
than the hundredth meridian of west longitude
upon the same terms and conditions, in all
respects, as are provided by law for the con-
struction of the one hundred miles aforesaid.
No further subsidy in United States bonds is
to be allowed to the Central Branch Union
Pacific Railroad Company ; and it is allowed
and authorized to issue its own mortgage bonds
to an amount not exceeding §32.000 per mile
on all that portion of its road upon which no
United States bonds have been issued. There
is reserved from the grant to the companv all
sections or parts of sections of land designated
by odd numbers, situate within the limits of
: the State of Nebraska; also any sections or
; parts of sections of land designated by odd
; numbers, to which the St. Joseph and Denver
City Railroad Company may become entitled
on complying with the provisions of the act of
Congress appertaining to the latter company,
approved July 23, 1866, and lying within the
limits of twenty miles on each side of the route
: of the St. Joseph and Denver City railroad,
! as now designated, aud filed with the Secretary
of the Interior. Where the United States have
, sold or disposed of any sections or parts of sec-
1 tions designated by odd numbers on the line
of the road of the Central Branch Union Pacific
Railroad Company, and within the limits of its
grants, or the same have heretofore been or
are hereby reserved, or the right of preemption
or homestead settlement has attached to such
sections, an equivalent amount of lands is
granted to the company, to be selected by the
Secretary of the Interior from the public lands
of the Lnited States; but no land is to be
selected more than twenty-five miles from the
Hne of the road. From the point where the
Central Branch Union Pacific railroad shall
enter the State of Nebraska, if the same shall
enter the valley of the "Republican river, the
road is to leave the valley at the nearest prac-
ticable point, and not- further than twenty-five
miles distant from the point of entrance, and
thence proceed in the most direct and practi-
cable route to the valley of the Platte river.
The second section provides that the Central
BranchUnion Pacific Railroad Companysball,
within six months after the act shall take effect
or go into operation, accept the same by an
instrument under its corporate seal, and file
the same in the Department of the Interior
and theieby declare that it accepts the same m
lull satisfaction of all its claims, of whatever
nature, arising out of or by reason of the pas-
sage of the act of July 3, 1866; and shall also,
within the six months aforesaid, designate the
general route of its road as near as may be, and
file a map of the same in the Department of
the interior, whereupon the Secretary of the
ntenoi shall cause the lands to be withd rawn
trom sale, homestead settlement, and precmp-
l01i! I ^ir(^ section provides that the act
wrn w fc from and aft.er its Passage.
Mr. iuiOH, I ask unanimous consent to
