1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
make a statement which will occupy but a
single moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object unless the
question is to be open to general debate.
Mr. FITCH. I simply wish to make one
statement which will take but a minute.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object to debate unless
the question is to be open lor general discussion.
Mr. TWICHELL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Speaker to a communication which
I have addressed to him on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Twichell] desires to call the
attention of the House to a communication
which he addressed t,o the Speaker on this sub-
ject. Does the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] object to the reading of the com-
munication ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I object unless the whole
subject is open to debate.
Mr. FITCH. The subject-matter of the bill
is not now in discussion at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts finds some fault with the Speaker in
regard to the mode in which the bill was re-
ferred in June last; and on this point the Chair
would be glad if the letter would be read, in
order that he may make a statement in regard
to it. But of course the Chair in a matter of
this kind is dependent, like any other mem-
ber, upon the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my objection,
so that the communication may be read and
the Chair may make his statement.
Mr. SCOF1BLD. I think I ought to object
to the reading of a letter which finds fault with
the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not intend
to convey the impression that the communica-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts is
in the least degree discourteous to the Speaker.
The communication will be read if there be no
objection.
The Clerk read as follows :
Washington, December 15, 1870.
Sib : On the 15th day of June last Sir. Jru a.n ro.--e
in his place and asked that Senate bill lliil, entitled
" bill relating to the Central Branch Union Pacific
Hail road Company," hv unanimous consent, bo taken
from the Speaker's table and icleired to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
1 was opposed to taking the bill from the Speaker s
table, and immediately rose in my place and appealed
to Mr. J tlian to withdraw his ri'tiuesi. tie did not
withdraw, and before I could turn to die Speaker the
bill wis so referred.
I intended to be understood as objecting, but was
not so understood by the Speaker. I immediately
went to the Speaker and told hin) that the bill oujrlit
not to have been referred.
It seeins to me that, under the circumstances, the
bill ought to be restated to the Speakei 's table; and
when a mistake of this kind has occurred it ought
to be in the power of the Speaker to order its correc-
tion.
Kespectfully, your obed.en^nr,viciiELL^
Ilux. Jakes G. Bi.aixe.
Speaker oj the House of Il^yrcsentattvcs.
The SPEAKER. The facts as stated by
the gentleman from Massachusetts agree sub-
stantially with the recollection of the Chair,
although the order which ho suggests ought to
be made by the Speaker is something which
the Chair could not take the responsibility of
making. The facts, which are fresh in the
recollection of the Chair, were these: the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian.] the chair-
man of the Committee on the Public Lands,
asked that the bill be taken from the Speaker's
table and referred. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts rose, and instead of addressing his
objection to the Chair in the usual and proper
mode, had somesoit of colloquy with the gen-
tleman from Indiana. During the progress of
that colloquy the Chair pronounced the motion
for reference carried, and the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holm ax] moved to reconsider
the vote referring the bill, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table. Ihe Chair
pronounced that also carried. The gent.eman
from Massachusetts immediately afterward
came to the Chair, as he has done several
times during the intervening period, and stated
that he understood himself to be objecting.
The Chair did not so understand him. The
gentleman felt that he had been to some ex-
tent deprived of liis rights by not being recog-
nized by the Chair as objecting. The Chair is
glad to make these statements confirmatory of
the general position of the gentleman's letter.
Of course, under the'cireumstances, since the
entry of the record upon the Journal and the
report in the" Globe, it would be impossible for
the Chair to assume such responsibility to or-
der that bill back to the Speaker's table under
any misapprehension of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, or of his own if he had any.
It is for the judgment and generosity of the
House to say how much is due to the misap-
prehension of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts in not objecting, as the rule allowed him
to do, at that time.
Mr. DAWES. Is the motion to restore the
bill to the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It is to suspend the rules
to allow it to remain upon the Speaker's table,
open to any subsequent action.
Mr. DAWES. I can see no objection to
that; au'd I hope, as my colleague supposed the
case to be as he has stated, that it will be done.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. As it is now it will take
two thirds of the House to get it before us for
action. If it be laid upon the table a majority
vote is all that is required; so, then, the action
now sought is to facilitate the passage of the
bill. All in favor of it should vote <lay," and
all opposed should vote "no." [Laughter.]
The House divided; and there were—ayes
85, noes 50.
Mr. FITCH demanded tellers.
Mr. WELKER called for theyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 115, nays 71, not voting
19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atwood, Axtell, Ayer, Banks, Bar-
nuui, Barry, Boaman, Beck, Bennett, Benton, Biggs,
Bingham, Blair. Boles, Booker, Bowcn, George M.
Brooks, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Buffinton,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Calkin,
Cessna, Churchill* Sidney ClarKe, Clinton L. Cobb,
Conger, Conner, Oovvles, Cox. Dawes, Joseph Dixon,
Nathan F. Dixon. Dox, Eldndge, Farnsworth. 1; or-
nss, Ferry, Fisher, Fiteli. i&vlz, Gibbon, Gilnllan,
Jlamill, Harris, Heilin, Hill, llopre. Holmes, Hooper,
llotchktes, Jcnekes, Johnson, Alexander II. Jones,
Thomas L. Jones, Kellogg, Jyctcham, Knott, Lallin,
Lynch, Manning. Mayham, Maynurd, Melvce, Me-
lvenzic, Aliincs, Morey, Morphia, Daniel J. Alorre 1,
Samuel P. Murrili, Morrissev, jtfefeley, 2\iblack,
Paine, Palmer, Peek, Perce, Peieih, Piatt, Poland,
Pomeroy, Porter, Prosier, Kainey, Holers, Hoots,
Sani'ord, Sargent, vSciiuuiaker, Lionel A. Sheldon,
Bherrod, Sholn'i*. Slocum, Jo^ejh tS. Smith, \vil-
liain J .^muh, Wortluiiffton C. Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stokes. £ trader. Sw.inn. Tillman, Trimble.
Twichell, Van Aukeii, Yoorhees, \v allace, William
B. Washburn, "Wlntmore, Wilkinson, Kusene M.
Wilson, Wood, ;ui'i Woodwind—11).
NAY'S—Mews. Ambler, Arnell, A?i'er, Bailey,
iieatty, Bird, Burch.ud, Burr, AmasaUobb, Unburn,
Cook, Ciebs, Cullom. Dickinson, Dockery, Bonley,
I)like. Dyer, Ehi, Finkelnbuvsr. H.aldeman. Hawkine,
Hawley, ilay, llolman, J udd, J ulian, Kelley, Kelsey,
Knapp, Lawrence, Loughridgc, Marshall, JVtcCor-
iniek,i[c(>rew, McNcely, Mercur, PJlialum II. Moore,
Jesse 11. Mooie, William .Moore, Morgan, Mungcn,
Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Packard, Packer, Phelps,
Beeves, Seofiold, Shanks, Porter Slidlilon, John A.
Smith, Stevenson, Stone, Stou£:hton, Slyons, latle.
Tanner, Taylor, Townsend, Xyner. tp.-on, vail
Trump, Welker, Wells, Wil'ard, Williams, Jolin i.
V/ilson, Winchester, and Witcher—71.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
Archer, Armstrong, Benjamin, Boyd, Burdett, Cake,
William T. (Jlaik, Cleveland, Uovodo, Barral ,
Degnnor, Dickey, Duval, Box, Oarfield. Griswold,
llalght, Hale, llambleton, Hamilton, Hays, lloar,
JngcirtOll, Kerr, Lash, Lewi?,Logan,McCarthy, Ale-
Crary, Xewsham, Potter, Kandall, Iliee, Sawyer,
! Schenck, Stiles, Strickland, Sweeney, Synher, \ an
:: Horn, Van Wyclt, Ward. G.idwaladcr C. Washburn,
Wheeler, Wmans, and Wolf—It'.
'| So (two thirds not having voted mtheaffirra-
I' alive) the rules were not suspended,
j PUBLIC PRINTING.
] Mr. DAWES. Sir. Speaker, T move to sus-
li pend the. rules that House bill No. 2524, mak-
jl ingappropriationsforthelegislative, executive,
j and judicial expenses of the Government for
i| the year ending June 30,1872, shall be in order
|| when it is taken up for action in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and I
do this for the purpose of allowing the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to present to the House
two or three points in the way of reducing the
expenses of the Government, and which I am
sure the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
jamin, ] who raised the objection, will not oppose
when he comes to know what they are.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope that the gentle-
man will not insist on his motion, or I will call
for the reading of the whole bill.
Mr. DAWKS. I will read that portion to
which I refer.
The SPEAKER. The only proper way
under the rules to reach the object of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts would be to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the further consideration of
the bill) so that it may be brought before the
House and the point determined.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the indulgence of the
House to read a paragraph from the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I prefer the reading of
the whole bill.
The SPEAKER. A suspension of the rules
would take that right away from the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
motion prevails, can any member of the House
take objection that new legislation has been
introduced ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the atten-
tion of the House. -The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts reported the legislative, &e., appro-
priation bill. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Buxjajiin] reserved all points of order
which would prevent the inclusion of inde-
pendent legislation. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts now asks that the rules be suspended,
so as to cover, as being in order, the independ-
ent legislation reported by the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. Thatisthepoint, Mr. Speaker.
I will, with the indulgence of the House, call
attention to just what the committee wants.
On the ninth page of the bill they desire to
insert this proviso :
Provided, That so much of section ten of the act
approved Juuo 25, 1801, entitled "An act to expedite
and regulate the printing of public documents, and
tor other purposes." as provides that the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, under certain conditions
thereinstated.may furnish extra copies of any docu-
ment, to persons applying therel'or, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
The object of the proviso is to repeal ft pro-
vision of the printing law whereby anybody in
the country can go to tlie Printing Office and
obtain, for the cost of the press-work and paper
only, any printing that we are doing there.
This has been done to a very large extent by
booksellers in this city and elsewhere, involving
the Printing Office in great expense and the
necessity of enlarging the building to do the
work. That is the only point that is now in my
mind ; that I may be permitted to introduce
that, proviso.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection in
the world to that provision of the bill; and I*
hope the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] will confine his motion to a suspen-
sion of the rules for that particular purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I will do so. I ask to have
the rules suspended so that that proviso will
be in order.
The motio.i was agreed to.
military acadb-my appropriations.
Mr. BECK. 1 desire to make a similar
request. I move that ihe rules be suspended,
so that when the bill (II. It. No. 2530) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1S72, shall be under consideration the clause
fixing the salary of the assistant librarian
shall be in order.
The motion was agreed to.
disabled soldikiis and sailoks.
Mr. KELSEY. I yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr, Ioorhees.]
