1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
jmired with my colleague, Mr. Munge>\ If
he were here he would vote "ay," and I would
vote "no.''
Mr. ARCHER. I am paired on this ques-
tion with the gentleman from New York, Mr.
Wheeler, who, if he were here, would vote
"ay," while I should vote "no."
Mr. REEVES. I desire to announce that
on this question I am paired with the gentle-
man from Mississippi, Mr. Harris. He, if
present, would vote in the affirmative, while I
should vote in the negative.
The result of the vote was announced as !
above stated. - i
texas pacific railroad. ;
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to suspend the j
rules so as to take from the Speaker's table |
the bill (S. No. 647) to incorporate the Texas !
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the ;
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses ; and to refer the bill to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, with leave to report
at any time after the 15th instant. I name
this time, so that the bill may not interfere
with the appropriation bills.
Mr. RANDALL. Does that take two thirds?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. RANDALL and Mr. HOLMAN de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 130, nays Gl, notvoting
48 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Armstrong,
Atwoofi, Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bea-
man, Beck, Benjamin, Bennett. Betbune, Biggs,
Bud, Blair, Booker, Bovven, George M. Brooks,
Buck, Buckley, Burdett, Roderick It. Butler, Cake,
Culkm. Cessna. Churchill. William T. Clark, Cleve-
land, Clinton L. Cobb, Conger, Conner, Cowles.Dar-
rail, Degener. Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Bison,
Dockery, Donley, Dox. Duke Duval, Dyer, Farns-
wortti, Ferris^, Ferry, Fishre, Fitch, Gibson, Hamill,
Hawkins, Hays, Hcthn, Hoar, Hoge, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Jenckes. Johnson, Alexander H. Jones, Thomas
L. Jo/ies, Keliey. Kellogg, Keteham, Knapp, Lash,
Long, Lynch, Manning:. Maynard, McCarthy, Mc-
Cormick, McGrew, McKee, Miines, Eiiakim II.
Moore, Morey, Morphis, Daniel J.Morrell, Samuel
P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, Newsham, Halbert E.
Paine, William W. Paine, Palmer, Perce, Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Price, Prosser, Rainey, Rice, Rogers,
Roots,Sanford,Sargent, Sawyer, Schumaker,Shanks,
Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Sherrod, Shober,
Joseph S. Smith, Stokes, Stone, Stoughton, Stra-
der, Strickland, Swarm, Sweeney, Sypher, Taffe,
Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Twichell. Van Horn,
Wallace, C.uiwalader C. Washburn, Wells, Whit-
more, Wilkinson, Eugene M. Wilson, Witcher, and
Young—130.
NAYS—Messrc. Amhler, Asper, Barnum, Beatty,
Bingham, Buftinton, Burchard, Amasa Cobb.Coburn,
Cook, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Ela, Eldridgc, Finkeln-
burg, Fox. Getz, Griswold. llaight, Haldeman, llaw-
ley, Hay, Holman, Holmes, Judd, Kerr, Lawrence,
Lewis, Maishall, SlcNeeiy, Mercur, William Moore,
Morrissey, iS'iblack, Oi'tb, Packard, Packer, Porter,
Randall, Scolieid, Slocum, John A. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stiles, Strong, Tanner,
Tyncr, Upson, Voorhees. Ward, William B. Wash-
burn, Welker, Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson,
Winans, Wolf, and Woodward—61.
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison. Arnell, Benton,
Boles, Boyd, James Brooks, Burr, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Sidney Clarke, Corker, Cullom, Dawes, Dickey,
Garfield, Gilfillan, Hale, Hambleton, Hamilton, Har-
ris, Hill, Xagersoll, Julian, Kelsey, Knott, Lallin,
Logan, Loughridge, Mayham. MeCrary. McKenzie,
Jesse H. Moore, Morgan, Mungen, O'Neill, Peck,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Potter,Reeves, William J.Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Taylor, Van Auken, Van
Trump, van Wyck, Wheeler, Winchester, and
Wood—i8.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended; and Mr. May-
nard's motion was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. BEEVES stated that he was paired with
Mr. Harris, of Mississippi, who would vote in
the affirmative, while he himself would vote in
the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. AXTELL. Mr. Speaker, when Senate
bill No. 647, entitled "An act to incorporate
the Texas Pacific Railroad Company, and for
other purposes," comes up for consideration I
shall propose an amendment, which I ask may
be printed for the information of members.
There was no Objection, and the amendment
was ordered to be printed.
message from tub president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, one of his sec-
retaries, notified the House that an act (H. R.
No. 1357) for the relief of Shadricb Saunders,
Daniel Moore, Alexander Forbes, and other
citizens of Petersburg, Virginia, was received
by the President 24th of January, 1871; and,
not having been returned to the House of Rep-
resentatives within the ten days prescribed by
the Constitution, had become a law of the
United States.
use of committee-rooms.
Mr. ROGERS. Does a question of priv-
ilege take precedence of any other question ?
The SPEAKER. It does. If the gentle-
man has one he will present it.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That it is the sense of- this House that
the rooms assigned by the Speaker to the various
committees of this House forthe discharge of public
business shall not be occupied norused by any other
parties than the members of the committees, and by
them only for business connected with the legislation
of the Government.
That is no question of
The SPEAKER.
privilege.
JOHN L.THOMAS, Jit., AND EDWIN II. WEBSTER.
Mr. BARRY obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, who said :
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to re-
port from the Committee of Ways and Means
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 498) for the
relief of John L. Thomas, jr., the present, and
Edwin H. Webster, the former collector of
customs at Baltimore, and late United States
designated depositaries, for action at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. RANDALL. Let U3 hear what the res-
olution is.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department be, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed, in the settlement of
the accounts of John L. Thomas, jr., and
Edwin H. Webster, as collectors of customs
of the district of Baltimore, and as late United
States designated depositaries, to allow them
such amounts as are shown to have been stolen
or embezzled by their late deputy collectors,
Richard N. Bowerman and Thomas J. Wilson,
the Secretary of the Treasury being satisfied
that such embezzlement or larceny did not
occur through the negligence or default of said
Thomas and said Webster; provided that in
case any of the moneys so embezzled or stolen
shall hereafter be recovered the same shall
inure to the benefit of the United States.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] a
question. This thing has occurred before. It
occurred some five years ago in Philadelphia.
I want to know if the Committee of Ways and
Means propose to introduce any general bill
by which the Government and the collectors
of the various ports alike shall be protected
from these embezzlements?
Mr. IvELLEY. With the consent of my
colleague on tbe committee, [Mr. Hooper,] I
would like to say, having investigated this case
thoroughly and being perfectly familiar with
the Philadelphia case, that there is no possible
analogy between them.
Mr. RANDALL. I am not saying anything
about that. What I want is a general law from
the Committee of Ways and Means stopping
these embezzlements in the future; a law, in
other words, which will make these officers
who hold positions under the collectors with-
out any security give security where they han-
dle money to the amount of the money which
they handle each day, and which shall provide
farther that they shall pay over to the proper
authorities the amount of money which they
handle that is due both to the Government and
to the collectors.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. -I desire
to say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] that the committee have never
considered the question of a general law. I
agree, however, with the gentleman that such
a law might be framed which would not be
open to objection.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to know how this
bill comes before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] asks leave to
introduce it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I object.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I"
move that the rules be suspended.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have
to rule, according to precedents already estab-
lished, that the objection of the gentleman from
Missouri comes too late. The bill has been
debated by three or four gentlemen, and the
Chair has ruled that when a bill is read and
objections have been asked for 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not hear the Chair
ask for objections.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman says
that he did not hear objections asked for, the
Chair will submit the motion for a suspension
of the rules.
The question being taken, the rules were
suspended ; and the joint resolution was" re-
ceived, and read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to have some
definite answer from the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] to the inquiry I made
a few moments ago. I have no objection to this
bill. It may be all right as has been stated;
but I say it is due to the House and to the
subject that we shall have some guarantee, or
at least some indication from the committee
that they will int^duce a general bill to stop
these embezzlements.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. In reply
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ran-
dall,] I will say that if he will introduce such
a bill, and refer it to the Committee of Ways •
and Means, it will have their attention,
Mr. RANDALL. I will, sir.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by whiph the joint reso-
lution was passed: and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BARRY. I yield to the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargext] to offer a resolution.
military aid at elections.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform
tbe House of Representatives whether the Governor
of the State of California has, sinee the 4th day of
July, 1868, asked for military aid for the purpose of
keeping the peace at elections ill that State, and to
transmit to the House the correspondence in regard
thereto.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman to accept
an amendment to include the State of New
York.
Mr. STILES. And Pennsylvania also.
Mr. SARGENT. I will not object to any
similar resolution which any gentleman may
see St to offer; but I prefer that my_resolu-
tion should go through on its own merits.
Mr. WOOD. There is no merit in any inter-
ference of the Executive at elections, and New
York was a glaring instance of that interfer-
6 'ilr. RANDALL. Not more so than in my
district in Pennsylvania.
Mr. SARGENT. Whenever the gentleman
from New York shall introduce such a resolu-
tion in relation to his State I will vote for it
and assist him to get it through ; but I desire
my resolution to stand upon its own merits.
