1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. STILES. Is the resolution in order
under the rule which has been read ?
The SPEAKER. The language of the res-
olution is so framed as to come within the last
part of the rule, which speaks of " occasions
where the House may by resolution agree to
take part in any ceremonies to i)e observed
therein."
Mr. KELSEY. I make the point that the
House has not agreed 10 take part in the meet-
ing contemplated by this resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution proposes
to pledge the House to do so.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to put an in-
quiry to the Chair. If the House participates,
1 suppose it must do so in an organized body,
and I wish to inquire who will preside?
The SPEAKER. A year ago, when a reso-
lution of this kind was introduced with refer-
ence to the labor reformers, the Chair stated
that although he could not, under the rule,
declare the resolution inadmissible, he regarded
it asj a plain evasion of the rule. The cere-
monies to which the rule refers would be
appropriately illustrated by those which took
■place in this House on the occasion of the
death of Major General Thomas. Both this
House and the Senate agreed to be present on
that occasion, and with their Presiding Officers
did attend. Any other form of meeting of the
House is not known to the Chair. When the
House is in session the Speaker must be in the
chair and the clerks at the desk, and motions
are in order.
Mr. JULIAN. We allowed the Chinese the
use of the floor.
Mr. ST1LES. Does the Chair rule the res-
olution to be in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled
to rule that the language of the resolution
brings it within the rule.
Mr. SARGENI'. Could it not be ordered
that at the time designated the House shall
meet as in Committee of the Whole for debate
only ?
The SPEAKER. Of course it could; but it
requires a suspension of the rules to authorize
any other than a member to address it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Can the Speaker
put the question desired by the gentleman from
Indiana under the rule just read?
The SPEAKER. Clearly he can ; because
the language of the resolution itself evades the
point of objection under the rule and leaves it
for the House to determine.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It seems to me
it is within the rules.
Mr. ROGERS. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. ROGERS. Would an amendment be
in order?
The SPEAKER. A proposition to suspend
the rules is not amendable.
Mr. HOAR: I desire to inquire of the Chair
what was the action of the House last winter
in the case of the precedent to which he has
referred ?
The SPEAKER. There was no meeting of
the House properly so called. A few members
were present; but the House, as a House, was
not here in any form.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to inquire of the
Speaker, after the statement he has just made,
whether the House cannot vote to adopt this
resolution and permit the use of its Hall as
requested?
The SPEAKER. The House did itbefore,
and the House is at perfect liberty to do the
same to day.
_ Mr. JULIAN. I only wish to^ay that there
's ft precedent for the proposed action in the
case of the workingmen.
Mr. JUDD demanded the yeas and nays.
ilr. FARNS WORTH. I rise to make a
parliamentary inquiry. Is it competent for
two thirds of the House to allow any outsider
Partthe debate of the House 1
Ahe SPEAK&R. It would be competent
by a suspension of the rules to allow any per-
son to address the House.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. Outsidepersonscan-
not address the House, because they are not
members of the body. _
The SPEAKER. The House by a suspen-
sion of the rules could vote to hear an address,
as the House has done in the case of Hon. Mr.
Creswell, who delivered the eulogy on the occa-
sion of the death of'Henry Winter Davis.
Mr. RANDALL. That was before the rule
was adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That was a proceed-
ing outside of the House, for the House was
not here as a body.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 149, not voting
49; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Banks,
Barry. Benjamin, Bafiinton, Burdett, Cake, Sidney
Clarke, Amasa Cobb, Clinton L. Cobb, Darrail, Dick-
inson. Donley, Ela, Fisher, Hoar, Hoge, Julian,
Lawrence, Long, McCarthy, Mercur, Milnes, Daniel
J. Morrell, O'Neill, Halbert JE. Paine, Piatt, Por-
ter, Prosser, Raines. lioots, Sargent, Starkweather,
Stone, Strickland, Strong, Taffe, Twichell, and
Wilkinson—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Armstrong, Ayer, Bailey, Barnum. Beainan,Beatty,
Beck. Benton, Bethune, Biggs. Bingham,Bird, Blair,
Booker, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buck-
ley, Burchard, Burr. Roderick R. Butier, Calvin,
Cessna, Churchill, William T. Clark. Coburn. Con-
ger, Conner, Cook, Cowles. Cox, Crebs, Cullorn,
Dawes, Degener, Nathan F. Dixon, Dox, Duke,
Duval, Eldridge. Farnsworth, Ferriss, Finkelnburg,
Fox, Garfield, Getz, Gilfillan, Griswuld, Haigbt,
Haldeman. Hale, Hamill, llawley, Hay, Heflin,
Holman, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Jenckes,
Johnson, Thomas L. Jones, Judd, JCelley, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Kerr.lvetcham, Knapp.Lash. Lewis, Logdn,
Lynch, Manning, Marshall, Mayham, MeCorinick,
McCrary. McGrew, McKee. McKenzie, McNeely,
EliakimH. Moore, William Moore,Morgan. Samuel
P. Morrill, Myers, Negley, Newsbam, Niblack. Orth,
Packard, Packer, William W. Paine, Palmer, Peck,
Perce, Peters, Phelps, Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Ran-
dall, Reeves, Rogers. Sanford, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shanks, Lionel A. Sheldon, Porter Sheldon, Shober,
Slocum, John A.Smith, Joseph S. Smith,Stevens,
Stevenson, Stiles, Stokes, Stoughton, Swann,Swee-
ney, Tanner, Tillman, Townsend, Trimble, Tyner,
Upson, Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyck, Voor-
hees. Wail:ice. Ward, William B. Washburn, Welts,
Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson. Winans, Win-
chester, Witcher. Wolf, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—14a.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axtell, Bennett,
Boles. Bowen, Boyd, Buck, Benjamin F. Butler,
Cleveland, Corker, Dickey, Joseph Dixon, Doel;-
ery. Dyer.Ferry, Fitch, Gibson, Uatnbleton, Hamil-
ton, Harris, Hawkins, Hays, Hill, Ingersoll. Alexan-
der 11. Jones,Knott, Laflin, Loughridge, Maynard,
J esse H. Moore, Morey, Morphis, Morrissey, Mun-
gen, Potter, Rice, Schuoiaker, Sherrod, William J.
Smith, Wortbington C. Smith,Strader, Sypher, Tay-
lor, Van Anken.CadwaladerC. Washburn, Welkcr,
Wheeler, Whitmore, and Eugene M. Wilson—49,
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended for the
purpose indicated.
kig1it to vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. I give notice to the House
that on Monday next after the morning hour
I shall ask leave to report from the Commit,
tee on the Judiciary House bill No. 2634, with
amendments, and to put jt on its passage after
opportunity for amendments and debate.
Air. COX. What is it?
Mr. BINGHAM. It is House bill No. 2634,
to amend an act approved May 31, 1870, enti-
tled " An act to enforce the rights of citizens
of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes."
Mr. RANDALL. What does that notice
amount to ?
The SPEAKER. That the gentleman will put
the bill upon its passage, if he gets it before
the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. We had better adjourn.
JCDICIAlty COMMITTEE ItBPORTS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to ask the House
to allow them one evening to make reports on
current business other than the bill to which I
have referred, and I will name Wednesday
evening nest, February 15, after half past
seven ^'cloyei.-
H Mr. COX. I object to that unless there is
>j something more definite.
{; Sir. BINGHAM. I move that the rules be
I! suspended and the motion I have submitted
!j agreed to.
'i Mr. DIXON, of Rhode Island. I have to
ask the House a similar favor for the Com-
|j mittee on Commerce, that the evening of Tueo-
i' day of next week be assigned far reports of
that committee.
ji Mr. RANDALL. I would suggest to the
I! gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Dixon]
ji that he should conhne his motion to reports on
li such bills as have been agreed to up to this
(I time.
f; Several metabers demanded the regular
]: order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is tho
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bixgham,] to suspend the rules.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move that
the House now adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn ; and there were—ayes 78, noes 69.
Mr. DAWES. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that when the
House adjourns it bs to meet on Wednesday
at twelve o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman, before
he enters on his present enterprise, if he will
permit me to take from the Speaker's table a
bill which it is necessary to have passed
to-night?
Mr. RANDALL. I will hear what it is, and
will yield ifl. approve of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will this interfere with
my motion ?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 293) appropriating money to
defray the expenses of the select committee
of the Senate appointed to investigate alleged
Outrages in the southern States.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be read. I waive
no right by consenting to its reading.
:l Thejoint resolution was read for information.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
:j that the joint resolution should go to the Com-
1 mittee of the Whole.
! Mr. DAWES. If the point of order is
raised, can I not move to suspend the rules?
Mr. ARCHER. I object absolutely.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew my motion, that
when the House adjourns it be to meet on
Wednesday at twelve o'clock.
Mr. ALLISON. Oh, no; we want to meet
- to-morrow.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. If the motion io adjourn
: is not carried, would my motion to adjourn till
i Wednesday be then in order?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I withdraw it for
ij the present.
j| The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
m Brooks, of New York, that the House do now
|! adjourn.
ij The question was taken; and it was decided
:l in the negative—yeas 79, nays 102, not voting
58; as follows:
j| YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer. Axtell,
! I Bailey, Barnum, Beaimm, Beck,Benjamin, Bennett,
l! Bethune, Bird. Booker, James Brooks. Buflinton,
>1 Burubard, Burdett, Burr, Calkin, Sidney Clarke,
■I Conner, Cox. Crebs, Degener. Dickinson. Duke,
ij Eklridge. Farnsworth, Fox, Getz. Gibson. Griswold,
i llaighfc, Haldeman, Harnill, Hawkins, llawley, Hay,
Holman. Johnson, Thomas L. Jones. Judd, Kerr,
Lewis, Manning, Marshall, Maybain, McCarthy,
McGrew, McNeely, Milnes, Morgan, Snnmel P.
Morrill, Newsham, Niblaek. William W. Paine,
Peck, Peters, Phelps. Price, Randall, Reeves, Rioe,
Rogers, Sbober. Sloeum. John A. Smith. Josephs.
Smith, Stiles, Taffe, Van Trump, Voorhees, Ward.
Wells, Winans, Winchester, Wood, Woodward, and
Younir—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Armstrong, Ar-
nell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer, Banks, Bcatty. Benton,
Bingham, Blair, Boyd. George M. Brooks, Buck,
Buckley. Bcnjiirain F. Jiutiei, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, Cessna, t'imrehill, William I. "Clark, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L.Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cook,Cowles,
