1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Cullom, Dawes. Joseph Dixou. Nathan F. Dixon.
Duval, Dyer, Ela, Ferriss, Ferry. Finkelnburg.
Fisher, Garfield, Hale.Hays, Heflm. Hoar, Holmes,
Hooper, Jenckes, AlexanderH. Jones, Kelley. Hel-
Jogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Lawrence, Long,
Lou.-;hridgo, Maynard, litoKee, Mercur, Eliakim H.
Mosre, William Moore. Daniel J. Morrell, Myers,
Neirley, O'Neill, Oi'th. Packard, Packer, Perce, Por-
ter, Prosser, Raioey, Boots, Sanford. Sargent, Sco-
fleld. Shanks, Porter Sheldon, Starkweather, bte-
veus, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong,
To, maor. Tillman.Townsend, Twiehell. Tyner, Upson,
Van Horn, Van Wyck. Wallace, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wilkin-
son. Willard. Williams. John T. Wilson, Witcher,
&r,d Wolf—102. ' „
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Barry, Biggs, Boles,
" Bowen.Cl eveland, Corker, Darrall .Dickey; Dockery,
Donley, Dox, Fitch, Gittillah, Hambleton, Hamil-
ton,Harris, Hill. Hoge, Hotebkiss, Ingersoll, Julian,
Knott, Laflin, Lash. Logan, Lynch. McCormick,
MeCrary, McKenzie, Jesse II. Moore. Morev, Mor-
phis, Morrissey.Mungen. HalbertE. Paine, Palmer,
J/latl, Poland, Pomero.v, Potter, Sawyer, Schumaker,
Lionel A, Sheldon, Sherrod. William J. Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stokes, Stone, ©trader,
Swaim, Sweeney, Sypher, Taylor? Trimble, Van
Auktm, "Wheeler, Whitmore, and Eugene M. Wil-
son— 58.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair inadvertently
entertained a motion which under the rules he
ought not to have entertained. The Clerk will
read the rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Pending amotion to suspend therules theSpeaker
may entertain one motion that the House do now
adjourn ; but after the result thereon is announced,
he shall not entertain any other dilatory motion till
the vote is taken on suspension."
Mr. RANDALL. I followed the Speaker's
advice, and I will make the motion now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has pre-
cisely the same right to make the motion now
that he had at that time, but none in either
case, as the gentleman will see. It was an
error of the Chair.  
Mr. RANDALL. Well, I make the motion
now. I want a ruling of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has evi-
dently no right to make the motion. The rule
is as specific as langua'ge can make it. Th'e
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] moves
to suspend the rules so that the evening of
Wednesday, February 15, at the hour of -half
past seven o'clock, be assigned for the purpose
of hearing and considering reports from the
Committee <fn the Judiciary, not including
House bill No. 2634, which the gentleman has
given notice he will bring up next Monday.
Mr. POTTER. And also not including the
bill to change the third judicial district of the
State of New York.
Mr. BINGHAM. Iam willing that that bill
shall be excepted.
The SPEAKER. All other reports will be
in order for hearing and consideration.
Mr. DXWES. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will withdraw his motion
to allow me to submit mine.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir, I cannotdo that.
The question was put on Mr. Bingham's
motion ; and there were—ayes 93, noes 44.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bingham and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 98, noes 47.
Mr. RANDALL called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were-
yeas 114, nays 46,-not voting 79 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ambler, Ames, Arm-
strong, Arnell, Asper, Atwood, Ayer. Bailey, Banks,
Bearoan,Beat,ty, Benton, Bethune,Bingham.Look-
er, George M. Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Bumnton,
Burchard,Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Cake, o«ssna, Churchill, Willinm T. Clark, Amasa
Cobb, Clinton L.Cobb.Ooburn.Conger, Cook, Cowles,
Cullom. Dawes. Degener, Joseph Dixon, Nathan 1?.
Dixon. Dyer,Ela,Earnswortb, Ferriss, Finkelnhurg,
Fisher, Garfield, Hawley, Hay, Hcflin, Hoar, Holmes,
HoichkibS, Jeuekes, Alexander U. Jones, Julian,
Keliey. Kellogg, Kelsey, KeTr, Knapp, Lawrence,
Long, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy, McCrary,
McGrew, McKoe, Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, Wil-
liam Moore, Daniel J. Morrell, Samuel P. Morrill,
Myers, Negley. Newsham, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Pjck, Perce, Peters, Phelps, Piatt, Porter, Potter,
ProSser, Eainey, Sargent, Sawyer, Seofield, Shanks,
Porter Sheldon, Starkweather. Stevenson, Stough-
ton, Strickland.. Strong, Taffe, Tanner. Tillman.
Townsend, Twiehell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn, Wal-
lace. William B. Washburn, Welker. Wilkinson.
Willard, Williams, John T. Wilson, Wmans, and
Wolf—114. , , ^ t, i -a ■ ■
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnum, Beck, Benjamin,
Biggs, Bird. James Brooks, Calkin, Cleveland, Cox,
Crebs. Dickinson, Duke. Eldridge, Fox, Get.z, Gib-
son, Griswold, Haight, Hamill, Hawkins, Holman,
Johnson. Thomas L. Jones,"Lewis, Manning, Mar-
shall, Mayharn. McCormick, McNeely, Niblack,
Orth, Randall, Reeves. Rogers Sherrod, Shoher,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles. Sweeney, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Wells, Winchester, and Wood-
WNOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axteil, Barry,
Bennett, Blair, Bowles, Bowen, Boyd,Burdett, Burr,
Sidney Clarke, Conner, Corker, Darrall, Dickey,
Doekery, Donley. Dox. Duval, Ferry, Fitch. Gilfil-
lan. Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton,Hamilton, Harris,
' Hays, Hill,Hoge. Hooper. Ingersoll, Judd, Ketcham,
Knott, Laflin, Lash, Logan, Lynch, Mclvenzie,
Milnes, Jesse H. Moore. Morey. Morgan, Morphis,
Morrissey, Mungen, O'Neill, Halbert E. Paine,
William W. Paine. Poland, Pomeroy, Price, Rice,
Roots, Sanford, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Stevens, Stokes. Stone, Strader, bwann,
Sypher, Taylor, Trimble, Van Wyck, Voorhees.
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn. Wheeler, Whit-
more, Eugene M. Wilson, ^Wtcher, Wood, and
Young—79.
So (two-thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the motion was
agreed to.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION SIGNED,
Mr. NEGLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 482) relative to school
lands in the State of Oregon ; when the Speaker
signed the same.
MESSAGE FltOM THIS SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by. Mr. Stmp-
son, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 1227)
to authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river, with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate had passed without
amendment bills and joint resolutions of the
House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2287) to amend section
twenty two of an act to prevent smuggling,
and for other purposes, approved July 18,1866 ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 468) for the pro-
tection and preservation of the food fishes of
the coast of the United States ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 449) to exempt
certain boats from the payment of marine
hospital dues, and for other purposes; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 417) authoriz-
ing an American register to the British ship
Robert L. Lane.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills and joint resolutions
of the following titles, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 1256) for the preservation
and protection of beacons, buoys, and other
aids to navigation ;
AbilL(S. No. 981) to repeal an act approved
March 17, 1800, entitled " An act declaring
the assent of Congress to certain acts of the
States of Maryland and Georgia;"
A bill (S. No. 983) to establish the collection
district of Biscayne, in the State of Florida ;
A bill (S. No. 968) making an appropria-
tion to build a light-house off Dames's Point,
St. John's river, Florida;
A bill (S. No. 1261) providing for the
administration of oaths and affirmations by
collectors of customs, and surveyors acting
as collectors of customs;
A bill (S. No. 206) to detach the port of
St. Paul from the collection district of Minne-
sota and to annex it to the collection district
of Louisiana;
A bill (S. No. 1302) for the relief of Alex-
ander J. McMillan, late lieutenant company
F, Minnesota volunteer infantry;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 235) ceding to
the State of New York Oyster island, in the
State of New York ; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 292) to amend a
joint resolution relative to steamboats and other
vessels owned in the loyal States, approved
December 23, 1869.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 238) for the relief of John N. Quacken-
bush ; when the Speaker signed the same.
EXPENSES OF INVESTIGATING CO.MMITT15B
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be now
suspended, so that the joint resolution of the
Senate No. 293, appropriating money to defray
the expenses of the select committee of the
Senate appointed to investigate alleged out-
rages in the southern States, be now taken
from the Speaker's table and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 72, noes 70.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DAWES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes, and
Mr. Brooks of New York, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 68, noes 67.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. DAWES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWES. This is the only day when
I can bring this matter before the House, and
this is the third Monday that I have tried to
get it up.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
Mr. COX. Let this matter come up to-mor-
row after the morning hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That will
require unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWES. This is a joint resolution to
appropriate money to pay the expenses of a
committee appointed by the Senate.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, and unfairly ap-
pointed.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition that this joint resolution shall be
considered to-morrow after the morning hour?
! Mr. ARCHER. I object.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I insist upon
i the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion to adjourn, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 07, nays 9o,
not voting 89 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Barnum. Bock,
Benjamin, Biggs, Bird, Booker, James Brooks,
Burchard, Calkin, Cleveland, Cox, Crebs,Dickinson,
Duke, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Einkelnburg, l<ox,
Getz. Gibson, Griswold. Haight, Ilamill. Hawkins.
Hawley, Hay. Holman, Thomas L.Jones, Kerr. Lew-
is, Manning, May ham, McCormick, McNeely, Potter,
Randall, Reeves, Rogers, Sco'tield, Sherrod,Shober,
Slocum, Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Sweeney, Tanner,
Trimble, Van Auken, Van Trump, Wells. Wiilard.
Eugene M. Wilson, Winchester, Woodward, and
Young—57.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison. Ames. Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood. Ayer,Beaman, Beatty, Benton, Be-
thune, Blair, George M. Brooks, Buffiuton, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butter, Cake,Cess-
na, Churchill,William T. CJark, AmasaCobb,Clinton
L. Cobb,Coburn, Conger, Cook, Cowles, Dawes. Deg-
ener, Joseph Dixon, Nathan F. Dixon, Duval, Dyer,
Kla, Ferriss, Fisher, Hays, Heflin, Itoar, Jenckcs,
AlexanderH. Jones, Julian, Kelley, Kellogg, Kelsey,
Ketcham, Knapp, Lawrence, Long, Loughridge,
Maynard. McCarthy, McGrew, McKec. Mercur, tin-
akim H.Moore. William Moore, Daniel J. Morrell,
Myers,Negley, Newsham,O'Neill, Packard,Packer,
Palmer, Piatt, Porter, Prosser, Ramey.Roots. Snn-
ford. Sargent, Sawyer, Sharks, Porter bheldon.Ste-
venson, Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, laffe. Till-
man, Townsend. Twiehell, Tyner, U pson. Van Horn.
Wallace. William B. Wasnburn. Wilkinson, Wil-
liams. John T. Wilson, Winijns, and Woli—93.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Axteil, Bailey,
Banks, Barry, Bennett, Bingham, Boles, Bowen,
Boyd.Buek, Buckley, Burr, bulney Clarke, Conner,
Corker, Cullom, Darrall, Dickey, Dockery, Donley,
Dox* Ferry, Fitch, Garfield, (* il h 11 a n, Hat d e tn an,
Hale, Hambleton, Hamilton, Hams, Hill, Hoge,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Johnson,
