1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
Judd. Knott, Laflin.Lash, Logan. Lynch, Marshall,
McCrary, McKenzie, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore, Morey,
Morgan, Morphia, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey,
Mungen, Niblack, Orth, Halbert E. Paine, "William
W. Paine, Peck,Perce, Peters,Phelps, Poland, Pom-
eroy, Price, Rice, Schumaker, Lionel A. Sheldon,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington 0.
Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stokes, Stone, Stra-
der, Swann, Sypher, Taylor, Van Wyck, Voorhees,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler,
Whitmore, Witcher, and Wood—89.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
suspend the rules and pass the joint resolu-
tion.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that there shall be appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated the sum of $10,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to defray the
expenses of the select committee of the Sen-
ate appointed to investigate alleged outrages
in the southern States, the same to be expended
by order of the committee, upon vouchers of
its chairman.
«Mr. DAWES. T will modify my motion so
as to suspend the rules and take the joint res-
olution from the Speaker's table. 1 desire to
move an amendment to it, and then I will call
the previous question.
The question was taken; and, upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 87, noes 5: no quorum
voting.
Mr. BEAMAN. Let us have the yeas and
nays; we may as well have them at once.
Mr. DAWES. If gentlemen will allow the
joint resolution to be brought before the
House, I will then move to adjourn after I
have moved an amendment.
Mr. COX. Why not allow amendment and
debate on this side?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object to
debate.
The question was upon ordering the yeas
and nays; and being taken, they were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules; and there were—yeas 111,
nays 5, not voting 123 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Armstrong, Arnell,
Asper, Atwood, Bearaan, Beatty, Benton, Bethune,
Bingham, Blair, George M. Brooks, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
11. Butler, Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William T.
Clark, AmusaCobb. Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn. Con-
ger, Cook, Cowies, Dawes, Degener, Joseph Dixon,
3 at ban F. Dixon, Donley, Duval, Dyer, Ela, Farns-
worih. Ferries. Ftnkemburg, Fisher, ITawley, Hays,
Heflm. Hoar, Holmes, Hotohkiss, Jenekes, Alexan-
der II. Jones, Julian, Keltey, Kellogg, Kulsey,
Ketcham, lvnapp, Lawrence, Long, LoughriCigc,
Mayn.ircl, McCarthy, MoGrew, MeKee, Mcrcur,
EiiaUim H. Moore, William Moore, Morphis. Daniel
J. Morrel I, Samuel 1\ Morrill, Myers, Negley,
O'Neill, Packard, PacKer, Halbert Paine, Pal-
mer, Peek, Phelps, Piatt, Pomeroy. Porter, Prosser,
Ramey, Roots, Saniord, Sargent, Sawyer, bhanks,
Porter Sheldon, Starkweather, Stevens, btevenson,
Stoughton, Strickland, Strong, Taflfe, Tanner, iill-
mau,Townsend,Twichell. Tyner, Upson, van Horn,
VanVyok, WaHacc, William B. Washburn,^ ilkin-
.-on, Willard, Williams, John X. Wilson, V mans,
Witcher, and Wolf—111. _. _
NAYS —Messrs. Hawkins, Ihoinas L. Jone^,
McCormiek, William W. Paine, and Eugene M.
Wilson—"5.
NOT YOTIKG—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Archer,
Axtell, Ayer, Bailey, Banks, Barnum. Barrv^ Beck,
Benjamin, Bennett, Biggs, Bird. BolesT Booker,
Bowen, Boyd, James Brooks, Buck, Buckley, Burr,
Calkin. Sidney Clarke, Cleveland, Conner,. Corker,
Cox, Crebs, Cullom, Darrall, Dickey, Dickinson,
jDockery, Dox, Duke, Eldridgo, Ferry, Pitch, Fox,
Garfield, Getz, Gibson, Gilfillan, Griswold. Haight,
Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hamill, Hamilton,
Harris, Hay, Hill, Hoge, Holman, Hooper, Inger-
soli, Johnson, Judd, Kerr, Knott, Lufiin, Lash,
Lewis, Logan, Lynch, Manning, Marshall. Mayham,
McCrary. McKeoxie, MeNeely, Milnes, Jesso H.
Moore, Morey, Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, .New-
sham, Niblaek, Orth, Perce, Peters, Poland, I otter,
Price, Randall, Reeves, Rice, Rogers, Schumaker,
Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon. Sberrod. Shober, bio-
curn, John A. Smith, Joseph S. Smith, William J.
^mith, Worthington C. Smith, Stiles, Stokes, totone,
Strader, Swann, Sweeney, Sypher, Taylor, lnmble,
Vaa Auken, Van Truaap, Voorhees, Ward, t<ui-
waladtr C. "Washburn, Welker. Wells. Wheeler.
Whianoro, Winchester, Wood, Woodward, and
Young—123.
The SPEAKER. On this question the yeas
are 111 and the nays 5. No quorum has
voted.
Mr. DAWES. If no quorum has voted f
move a call of the House.
Mr. STILES. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. There is a quorum in the
House, and the rule requires each member
present to vote.
Mr. McNEELY. I object to debate.
Mr. STILES. I move to adjourn.
'The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. The vote has been taken
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. Not an effectual vote.
Mr. RANDALL. The only thing the House
can do when it finds itself without a quorum is
to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. No; it can do another
thihg: it can order a call of the House.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The rule is that not more
than one motion to adjourn shall be in order
until the question has been taken on suspend-
ing the rules; and that question has just-been
voted upon.
The SPEAKER. It is not a vote of the
House, because no quorum voted. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moves
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to gentlemen on the
other side to vote and make a quorum. As
soon as the resolution comes before the House
I will let it go over till to-morrow\
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The gentleman accom-
panies his promise with a threat.
Mr. DAWES. I have not made any threat,
and do not intend any. Will the gentleman
tell me to what he alludes?
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order. I object to debate.
Mr LAWRENCE. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. When it is apparent to the Speaker
that there is a quorum present, can members
by refusing to vote defeat a quorum?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Oh, yes ; we
do that very often.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that members have uone it. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that there is no disposition either
to indulge in threatening language about it or
to press the matter unduly.
Mr. COX and Mr. RANDALL called for
the regular order of business.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, this is one of
those bills which the Committee on Appropri-
ations cannot report at any time. This is the
third Monday on which I have sought the floor
in season to present this bill, but to-day I
have given way to other members who have
had pressing business until this late hour.
Mr. RANDALL. This is an extravagant
expenditure of the public money, not war-
ranted by the gentleman's record in the past
for economy.
Mr. DAWES. How much time do gentle-
men on the other side desire for discussion?
Mr. RANDALL. We want it brought in
fairly and discussed fully.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Two weeks, they
sav here, are wanted for the discussion of the
bill.
Mr. DAWES. I insist, then, on my motion
that there be a call of the House.
While the Speaker was deciding that the
motion was carried by a sound vote,
Mr. STILES said: I demand the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
gentleman makes his demand too late,
Mr. STILES. Oh, no; I think not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must hold that
the call comes too late.
Mr. STILES. From that decision I take
an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that at all.
Mr. RANDALL. It is the custom of the
Speaker to take a gentleman's word that the
call was made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not "dis-
puted any gentleman's word.
Mr. RANDALL. But you refused to enter-
tain my colleague's call for the yeas and nays
when he states that he made it in time.
Mr. VAN'HORN. It is the custom of ths
House to take the Speaker's word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would rather
err on the side of liberality, although he would
be perfectly justified in refusing to entertain
the gentleman's demand.
Mr. STILES. Does the Chair refuse it?
The SPEAKER. No; but the Chair pre-
fers to err on the side of liberality by enter-
taining the gentleman's demand for the yeas
and nays.
The House divided ; and there'were—ayes
28, noes 90.
So (one fifth of those present having voted
in the affirmative) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a parliamentary inquiry. Does it not appear
by the last vote that there is a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 97, nays 47, not voting
95; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Arnell. Asper, Atwood,
Beatty, Beck, Benton, Bethune, Bingham, Blair,
George M. Brooks, Burdett, Benjamin P. Buller,
Roderick K.Butler,Cake, Cessna, Churchill, William
X. Clark, Amasa Cubb, Clinton L. Cobb. Coburn, Con-
ger, Cook, Cowies. Dawes, Degener. Joseph Dixon,
Nathan F.Dixon.Donley, Duval,Dyer,Ela,Ferriss,
Finkelnburg, Fisher. Hays. Heflm, Hoar, Holmes,
Hotchkiss,Jenckes.Alexanderfl. Jones, Julian, Kel-
ley, Kellogg, Kelsey, Ketcham, Knapp, Long, May-
nard, McCarthy, JlcCormick, MeGrew. MeSIeely,
Mercur, Eliakim H. Moore, William Moore, Mor-
phis, Daniel J. Morrell, Myers, Negley, O'aeill,
Packard, Packer. Halbert E. Paine, Palmer, Pnelps.
Piatt, Porter, Prosser, Rainey, Sargent, Sawyer,
Shanks Porter Sheldon, Stevens. Stevenson. Stough-
ton. Strickland, Strong, Taffev Tanner. Tillman,
Townsend, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Horn,
Wallace, William B. Washburn. Wilkinson, Willard,
Williams, John T. Wilson, Winans, Witeher, and
Wolf—97. „
NAYS—Messrs. Archer. Barnum, Biggs, -Bird,
Booker, James Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard, Calkin,
Cleveland, Cox, Crebs, Dickinson, Bldridge, Farns-
worth. Fox, Gctz. Gibson, Griswold, Haight, Hamill,
Hawkins. Hay, Holman, Thomas L. Jones, Kerr,
Lewis, Manning, Mayham, McKee, William W.
Paine, Potter, Randall, Reeves, Sherrod, Slocum.
! Joseph S. Smith, Stiles, Sweeney. Trimble, Van
1 Auken, Van Trump, Wells. EugeneJNI. W ilson, v\ m-
' chp^ter, Woodward, and Younce—47.
; KOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Allison, Ames,
' Armstrong. Axtell, Ayer, Bailey,Banks, Barry, Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bennett, Boles, Bowen, Boyd,Buck,
Buckley, Burr. Sidney Clarke,Conner, Corker, Cul-
! lorn. Darrall, Dickcy, Dockery, Dox, Duke. Ferry,
i Fitch. Garfield, Gilfillan, Haldeman, Hale, Hamble-
; ton, Hamilton, Harris, Hawley,Hill Hoge.Hooper,
. Ingersoll, Johnson, Judd, Knott, Laflin, Lash, Law-
1 renee, Logan, Loughridge, Lynch, Marshall. Mc-
Crary, McKenzie, Milnes, Jesse H. Moore. Morey,
Morgan, Samuel P. Morrill, Morrissey. Mungen,
Newsbam, Niblack, Orth, Peck, Perce, Peters, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Price, Rice, Rogers, Boots, feaniord,
Schumaker, Scofield, Lionel A. Sheldon, Shober,
John A. Smith, William J. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Starkweather, Srokes, Stone, Strader, Swann,
Sypher, Taylor, Van Wyck, Voorhees, Ward, Cad-
walader C. Washburn, Welker, Wheeler, Whitmore,
and Wood—95.
During the vote,
Mr. BLDRIDGE-asked to dispense with the
reading of the vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Mr. Speaker, could
not the names be read faster, so we could get
to our dinners?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was trying to
accommodate gentlemen who wished delay.
[Laughter.] . .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I thought it was the
Clerk who was reading the naroeSj and not the
Speaker. ^ ^
The SPEAKER. In the House of Repre-
sentatives the Clerk is under the direction of
the Speaker.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded. , ,• __
Mr. STILES. I. move that the House
adjsurn.
