178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
not suffer if we never know what the gentleman
means.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had occasion
during the last session to say what he now de-
sires to repeat. The Chair desires to repeat it
now, that he may be spared the necessity of
doing what might be unpleasant at some future
period of the session. When a gentleman asks
permission to make a personal explanation it
is understood that it is something which affects
him personally in his relation to the House or
his personal character. When the consent of
the House is given for that purpose it implies
the right on the part of the member, unless
there is a limitation, to speak for an hour. If
he limits himself to a particular time, his right
expires with the expiration of that time. But
if a gentleman obtains consent to make a per-
sonal explanation, and under that introduces
a discussion which is no more personal to him-
self than to any other member, the Chair, on
the point of order being raised, would be com-
pelled to seat the member.
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to print the remainder of my remarks.
There was no objection.]
clerical service is state department. :
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre- ]
sented a communication from the Secretary of |
State in relation to clerical appropriations for j
the State Department; which was referred to \
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered |
to be printed. J
john ii. iialley. j
Mr. MARSHALL, by unanimous consent, |
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2584) to remove '
political disabilities from John H. Halley, of
Jasper county, Illinois; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the select
Committee on Reconstruction.
legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole upon
the legislative appropriation bill. Pending that
motion, I move that all general debate upon
the bill be limited to five minutes after the con-
sideration of the same shall be commenced in
Committee of the Whole.
The motion to limit debate was agreed to.
The motion to go into Committee of the
Whole was then agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 2524) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1872.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent that
the first reading of the bill be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
The bill was then read by paragraphs for
amendment.
The following paragraph was read:
Capitol police:
For one captain. $1,800; two lieutenants, at $1,500
each; twenty-fivcprivates,at31,200 each, §80.000; and
ehrht watchmen, at $1,000 each, $8,000, making in all
5U2.S00. one half to be paid into the contingent fund
other of the House ot Representatives, and the half
to be paid into the contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the words "for
one captain, $1,800; two lieutenants, at§l,500 ]
each; twenty-five privates, at $1,200 each, \
$30,000; and." j
Mr. Chairman, until a few years ago there j
were, I believe, only fourteen watchmen em- !
ployed about the Capitol. The addition of a
captain, two lieutenants, and twenty-five pri-
vates is a recent arrangement. I submit to
the chairman of Jie Committee on Appropria-
tions [Mr. Dawes] that it is manifestly and
clearly unnecessary to incur this expenditure
of $30,000 ; that a military force, or anything
approaching a military force to guard this Capi-
tol, is an absolute absurdity. That arrange-
ment sprung up in the midst of the war, when
there might have been some reason for it. That
reason, if any ever existed forsuch an arrange-
ment, has gone by. I submit to the chairman
of the Committte on Appropriations that an
increase of the number of watchmen from
eight to fourteen, at a cost to the Government
of about fourteen thousand dollars a year, will
be all that this service requires, and that this
appropriation of $30,000 is entirely unwar-
ranted. There is no necessity for this military
force about the Capitol. It is absolutely secure
now, as it was for the long years preceding the
war, when from seven to fourteen watchmen
only were employed. There is no necessity
for any of this military business. I think this
provision should be stricken out, and that
watchmen alone should be employed to guard
the Capitol front any injury it may be likely
to receive from casual visitors.
Mr. DAWES. I think my friend from In-
diana [Mr. Holmax] must have forgotten the
discussion here last session upon a motion to
reduce the force of Capitol police to the point
at which this bill places it. If he can call to
mind that discussion he will remember that it
was with the greatest difficulty that the House
was brought to consent to cutting down the
Capitol police to its present point. And a
great many members of the House felt as if
there was great jeopardy to the public build-
ings here in cutting down the police force even
to this point. I assure the gentleman from
Indiana that in the bill of last year, which this
bill follows, and which the officers of the House
do not ask to have changed, there was a great
reduction of this force to its present point.
It does seem to me that it is necessary to
have, a Capitol police, that it is necessary to
guard these outside door3, to protect the great
amount of public property which lies in the
committee-rooms, &c., still exposed to plunder.
And it seemed to the Committee on Appropria-
tions and to those having charge that no smaller
force than this can safely protect the Capitol
and other public property here.
I think if the gentleman will call to mind the
discussion upon this subject during the last
session he will see that we have already cut
down the Capitol police force to the very low-
est point. The executive officers of the House
are willing to go on under that arrangement
of last year and do not ask for any increase of
it. I hope, therefore, that the motion of the
gentleman will not prevail.
The amendment .of Mr. Holmax was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out " twenty-five," in line one hundred and
one, and inserting in lieu thereof "fourteen
so that the clause will read "fourteen privates,
at $1,200 each."
Mr. Chairman, if this amendment should be
adopted the force employed in watching this
Capitol will be one captain, at a salary of
§1,800; fourteen privates, at a salary of §1,200,
and eight watchmen. In other words, there
would be twenty-three persons employed in
watching the Capitol, in guarding it from any
injury. I submit, that if there is any necessity
at all for retaining this armed police force the
number at least can very properly be reduced.
I think I can say with entire safety that there
is no public reason why this force should be
so large. I know the difficulty there always is
in abolishing officers, even though the pay is
only SI,200 a year ; but I know well that there
is no public reason why twenty-five private sol-
diers, or private policemen,should"*be employed
about this Capitol, in addition to eight watch-
men. There is no public necessity for such a
force. If the House is not prepared to dispense
altogether with this expenditure of $30,000, as
not demanded by any public reason, I trust we
shall at least reduce this force of privates to
fourteen persons.
Mr. DAWES. The reason the number of
these privates has been fixed at twenty-five is
this : it takes eight to guard the outside doors
of this Capitol, which have to be guarded day
and night. None of these men can be on duty
more than eight hours in the twenty-four;
hence twenty-four men are required. It would
be useless to have a guard eight hours, and
leave the Capitol exposed for the remainder
of the time, either during the day or the night.
Then, in addition to these twenty-four privates,
one is required for general extra service that
may be necessary. The number until last year
was forty; and, so far as my memory serves me,
the force has never been so small as fourteen
since the enlargement of the Capitol. I think
that a force of only fourteen would be about
as good as none at all, because they could only
be on duty during a portion of the day, and for
want of sufficient number would necessarily
leave the whole Capitol unguarded during a
portion of the day; or else they would guard
one portion of the building and leave the rest
unguarded. Such a method of guarding this
building would be, as the gentleman from
Indiana must see, of no practicol use.
I would like to go with the gentleman from
Indiana in cutting down'this appropriation if
the reduction could possibly be made. We cut
down this item with a good deal of earnestness
last year, making the number as low as we pos-
sibly could, and we were obliged to add three
for special duty, in addition to these twenty-five,
after the bill went through. That special duty
having now become unnecessary, the provision
for those three extra men has been struck out.
Mr. MAYNAIID. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "fourteen" and
inserting "thirty." This building covers some
three or four acres of ground, on a singlestory,
and of course there is an equal area upon each
story. I make this motion,however, for the pur-
pose of bringing before the House a fact which
was brought to my attention by one of the head
officials during the present session. It is that
after the police force had been reduced by our
previous legislation, so tbat it was necessary
to withdraw policemen from some points where
they had before been stationed, there was a
larceny of two or three mail-bags, with their
contents, which, as I understand, were never
recovered.
Now, it will be recollected, that there is an
immense amount of property in this building
and around it, and I venture to say that there
is not as much private property anywhere in
the country that is not guarded by a larger
force of watchmen than that kept about this
Capitol. The great amount of public and
sometimes private property in this building
renders the present force absolutely necessary.
I have sought the floor for the purpose of
stating the fact of the stealing of those mail-
bags by reason of the reduction of the police
force, and because I desire to prevent the im-
pression which might be created by the remarks
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman*,]
that we are continuing offices unnecessarily,
keeping here a body of men who are not earn-
ing their salaries. They are doing this three
or four times over when we take into consid-
ation the value of the property which they
guard. Having made these remarks, 1 with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN, I wish to remind the gen-
tleman from Tennessee that after the enlarge-
ment of this Capitol, for many years, fourteen
watchmen alone were employed at a salary of
$700 each a year, and I do not think the gentle-
man ever heard the slightest ground of com-
plaint that the force was not sufficient. Now
there are to be eight watchmen and twenty five
policemen for the Capitol. Instead of the
expense being less than §14,000 it runs up to
$48,000. It seems to me entirely unnecessary
that we should have so many policemen at the
Capitol. I believe that every man who passes
around the Capitol to-day will find but two
policemen, and he will find none anywhere else.
