1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
Mr. MAYNARD. At the time the gentle-
man speaks of work was going on all over the
Capitol, and an oversight was kept, which
obviated the necessity of the policemen now
employed. When the building was under con-
struction overseers of the work performed the
duty which is now being done by the watchmen
and policemen.
Mr. HOLMAN. Except when Congress is
in session there arc only two doors open, the
doors in the west and east fronts, and it is there-
fore impossible that this force should be neces-
sary. Now, when the salary is so considerable,
I know there is a great effort to procure these
places.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.MAYNARD] hav-
ing been withdrawn, the question next recurs
on the amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holman.]
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add the follow-
ing proviso to the end of the pending para-
graph :
Provided, however, That disabled soldiers of the
late war only shall be employed as such captain and
private policemen.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order that
this is new legislation, and therefore not in
order in a general appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is simply a limitation of
the persons who are to be appointed.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts raises the point of order that
this is new legislation, and the Chair sustains
the point of order.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will refer
to the law he will see that his amendment is
unnecessary.
The Clerk read as follows :
House of Representatives :
For compensation and mileage of members of the
House of Representatives and Delegates from Ter-
ritories, $1,563,000.
For compensation of the officer?, clerics, messengers,
and othersreceiving anannual salary in theservice of
the House of Representatives, namely. Clerk of the
House of Representatives, $-1,520; chief clerk and
Journal clerk, $3,000 each; four assistant clerks, at
$2,592ench; oneassistantclerk, at,$2,520; nine assist-
ant clerks, incl udmg librarian and assistant librarian,
at $2,1(50 each ; jme cbicf messenger and clerk to the
Speaker, at $5 76 per day each ; for three messengers,
at $1,440 each ; one messenger in the House library,
SI,410; one engineer, $1,800; three assistant engin-
eers, at >-!,'UO each; six firemen, at $1,095 cach per
annum; lor clerk to Committee of Ways and Means,
62,592; clerk to Committee on Appropriations, 82.592;
clerk to Committee of Claims, $2100; clerk to
Committee on the Public Lands, $2,100; Sergcant-
at-Arms, $4,320: Provided, That hereafter he shall
reccive, directly orindirectly, no fees, other compen-
sation, or emolument whatever for performing the
duties of his office, or in connection therewith ; clerk
to the Sergeant-at-Arms, $2,500; messenger to Ser-
jeant-at-Arms, $1,440; Doorkeeper, $2,593; first as-
sistant doorkeeper, $2,502: Postmaster, $2,502; first
assistant postmaster, $2,088; tour messengers, at
81,72S each : five mail-carriers, at $1,080 each ; Chap-
lain of tho Ilouse, $900; two stenographers, $4,380
each; Superintendent of folding-room, 82,160; Su-
perintendent and assistant of the document-room,
at $5 76 per day each; document Hie clerk, $1,800;
eleven messengers, five a t$l,800and six at $1,440 each;
twelve messengers during tbe session, at the rate of
$1,440 each per annum—making in all the sum of
$152,227 60.
Mr. DAWE3. There was a mistake in the
classification last year, and in order to correct
it I move, in line one hundred and seventeen,
to strike out " four" and insert "five," and in
line one hundred and nineteen to strike out
" nine" and insert " eightso that it will read
as follows :
Five assistant clerks at $2 502 each; one assist-
ant clcrkat ^2,520; eight assistant clerks, including
librarian and assistant librarian, at $2,160 each.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tbe Clerk read as follows;
For the usual additional compensation to there-
porters of the House for the Congressional Globe, for
reporting the proceedings of the House for the first
session of the Forty-Second Congress, S800 each,
£4,800.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to strike out that
paragraph. As this stands it would be a defi-
ciency for the service ending June 30, 1871.
The first session of the Forty-Second Congress,
under the law, commences on the4th of March
next, generally has lasted about a month, and
I believe we have never appropriated such an
amount as extra compensation to the reporters
of the Globe for such first session. I do not
know what the Committee on Appropriations
contemplate by the insertion of this paragraph
here. Perhaps they intend this appropriation
for the second session of the Forty-Second Con-
gress. If so I do not object to it. But it reads
here "for the first session," which, under no
circumstances, is likely to continue longer than
a month, and $800 for each of the reporters for
that short session, gentlemen must at once see,
is not only unusual but extravagant.
Mr. DAWES. I may remark that the para-
graph making the corresponding appropriation
lor the reporters of the Senate was passed
without objection. I agree with the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin,] that the
amount here named, for each of three sessions
ofa Congress, would be too much. There have
ordinarily been but two sessions. There hap-
pened to be in last Congress, as there are also
in the present Congress, three sessions, the first
of which was very short. There may be and
there may not be a short session of the next
Congress, in addition to the two regular sessions.
As far as my own private opinion is concerned
I trust there will not be. But if there should
be a short session, as indicated by the gentle-
man from Missouri, and this compensation
should be allowed, then there ought not to be
the same compensation allowed for the two
following sessions, which of course will be
entirely under the control of the House. The
second session will, in that case, fall within
the same year as the first. This bill provides
for but one session; there is but one session
provided for within that year, and in order to
get anything for the other session it would be
necessary to come to Congress for a special
appropriation. Under this clause the result
would be that the reporters would get this
amount for the short session without any pro-
vision for the longer one. I think, inasmuch
as this matter is entirely within the control of
Congress, and the bill appropriates only for one
of the three sessions, while it covers the whole
year, the bill as it stands is correct, giving only
one extra compensation for a year, which here-
tofore has embraced two sessions. I agree, how-
ever, with the view of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benjamin,] and should it turn out
that any appropriation bill had the effect of
giving three extra compensations, one of them
for a short session commencing in March, I
should go with the gentleman from Missouri in
opposing such a proposition.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word, for
the purpose of saying that if this appropriation
is designed for the regular session of the Forty-
Second Congress, I am not objecting to it; but
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions knows well that an appropriation for that
purpose can be made at that regular session.
It is not needed during the fiscal year ending
June 80, 1872, which is the limit of this bill.
If this bill passes in its present shape the
reporters for the Globe, for a session of one
month, or of half a month if it should not con-
tinue longer than that, would be paid the
full amount of $800 to each reporter for that
short session. As regards the regular session,
there might, then, of course, be a different set
of reporters, and the extra compensation would
come in as usual for that session. For that ses-
sion there will be plenty of time, during its
course, to appropriate the money for the service
of that session, so far as the reporters are con-
cerned.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest that it
would meet the views both of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] to strike
out the word "first." I therefore move to
amend the paragraph proposed to be stricken
out as follows; .
i"?,eonf hundred and ninety, strike out the word
tirst; and m line one hundred and ninety-two in-
sert the words, ' commencing tile first Monday of
December, 1871;" so that the clause will read:
lor the usual additional compensation to there-
porters of the House for the Congressional Globe for
reporting tbe proceedings of the House for the ses-
sion of tbe Forty-Second Congress commencing on
the first Monday of December, 1871, $800 each, $4,800.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I accept that.
Tbe question being put on Mr. Mayuard's
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the motion
to strike out the paragraph, and ask the unani-
mous consent of the committee to go back and
make the same change in the paragraph relat-
ing to the compensation to be made to the
Senate reporters.
There was no objection, and the change was
ordered to be made.
Mr. ICELSEY. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. I)AWES. I hope not. Let us go on
for halt an hour longer. I hope we may be
able to get the bill through before the recess.
Mr. KELSEY. I withdraw the motion that
the committee rise.
The Cleric resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read;
Forthepublic printing,$655,090 50; Provided, That
so much of section ten of the act approved June 25,
1864, entitled " An act to expedite and regulate the
printing of public documents, and lor other pur-
poses, as provides that the "Superintendent of
Public Printing/'under certain conditions therein
stated, may furnish extra copies of any document
to persons applying therefor, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed.
Mr. ROOTS. I move to amend ,the para-
graph just read by striking out the last word,
" repealed," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "amended, so as to restrict the privilege
therein contained to Senators and members of
Congress only."
I think there will be no opposition to the
amendment I have offered. Tbe paragraph of
the bill as read does away entirely with the
present provision of law permitting any person
tosecure books and documents from thePublic
Printing Office by paying the cost of paper,
printing, and binding. There are certain docu-
ments, such as the agricultural report, Con-
gressional Directory, and other books, which I
myself, in common with other members, desire
to secure as many copies of, besides my regu-
lar quota, as I can afford to buy or am able to
beg of my friends. I therefore hope my
amendment will be adopted, leaving the privi-
lege to members and Senators of obtaining
extra copies of documents from the Govern-
ment Printing Office upon paying what they
actually cost the Government.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations what
abuses have grown up under this regulation 1
Mr. DAWliS. If the gentleman will refer
to the letter of the Congressional Printer,
Miscellaneous Document No. 11, he will obtain
a better answer to his question than I can give
him.
Mr. LYNCII. I would like the statement of
the gentleman himself.
Mr. DAWES. The attention of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was called to this
matter by an application from the clerk of
the Court of Claims for an appropriation to
make up his loss upou his report. Wo make
an appropriation each year, a small appropri-
ation, to pay the clerk of the Court of.Claims
for getting out his report and he relies upon the
sale of his report for his further remuneration.
When he had got his report ready for pub-
lication last year he applied to a large book-
seller down upon the avenue to take it and
sell it for him ; but the bookseller declined
to have anything to do with it. He went on
and got his book printed at the Government
Printing Office, and then offered it for sale in
the booKstores of this city. He learned that
