1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
this extravagant and useless expenditure. The
House of Representatives are not willing, with
an appropriation for this year for public print-
ing ot $2,100,000 against some $1,600,000 last
year, to construct a new building and put up
new machinery in addition to that which we
already have, because they are not willing to
see this leak and this abuse kept up, lest per-
advenlure some of us may not get extra docu-
ments. This is one of those extravagances the
people demand we shall look after and cut off.
and I hope the House of Representatives will
show self denial enough to out off this abuse,
even though it may deprive them of the right
to some extra documents.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out the pro-
viso, and I ask, in order that we may under-
stand what it is we are called upon to vote, that
the tenth section of the law which it is proposed
to repeal shall be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Sf.o. 10. And be it further enacted, That whenever
any person may desire extra copies of any document
printed at the Government Printing Office bv au-
thority of la)vf and shall notify tho Superintendent
of Public Printing of tho number of copies desired
previous to its being put to press, and shall pay, in
advance, the estimated cost thereof to said Super-
intendent, tho Superintendent shall be authorized,
under the direction of the joint Committee on Pub-
lic Printing, to furnish such extra copies; and the
money su received, together with moneys received
by him from the sales of paper shavings and imper-
fections, shall be deposited in the Treasury of the
United States to the credit of the appropriations for
public printing, binding, and paper, respectively, as
designa ted by said Superintendent; and further, the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to cause
the moneys heretofore deposited by said Superin-
tendent in the Treasury of the United States, being
the proceeds of sales ot paper shavings and imper-
fections, to bo placed to tho credit of the appropria-
tions aforesaid, which said several sums of money
shall be subject to the requisition of said Superin-
tendent in the manner now prescribed by law."
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, if the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations had
consulted the law, instead of consulting the
letter of the Public Printer, he probably would
not have introduced this as a measure of econ-
omy; for any gentleman reading the section
which it is proposed by this proviso to repeal
can see that that section is clearly in the interest
of public economy. What does the law as it
stands at present provide? Why, that any extra
copies applied for by anybody while the matter
is being printed, before it has been distributed,
shall be paid for at the cost price of the work,
and in advance. Now we have brought before
us here a letter of the Public Printer stating that
certain members of Congress have made appli-
cation for documents in this way and have not
paid for them. In that case the Public Printer
has violated the law. And what does the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations do?
Because an executive person violates the law,
he is to provide a remedy by repealing the law
without any regard to its merits.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] says we have abolished the franking
privilege, and that that is a reason why we
should abolish this system of obtaining public
documents. Mr. Chairman, it appears to me
that that is the very reason why we should not
abolish it; because hereafter the number of
copies would probably be limited to the number
needed for our own private use and the use of
the Departments ; any extra copies will be fur-
nished just as they are furnished in England,
by paying the cost of them, and the postage if
sent through the mail. If the gentleman can
point out to me wherein it is to be a matter of
economy to repeal this provision, so that the
public will not be able to procure copies of
the public documents at all, although willing
to pay for them, I would be glad to have him
do it. If there is any reason whatever, Mr.
Chairman, for publishing public documents at
the expense of the public and circulating them
through the mails at the expense of the public,
I ask gentlemen is there not still greater reason
to furnish them to the public, if they will pay
for them themselves : not only for their cost,
but for transporting them through the mails?
And that is just what this section which it is
proposed to repealpiovides for; nothing more,
nothing les>s.
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
Sargent rose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, I move
that the committee rise.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to oppose the
amendment.. Am I not in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognized
the gentleman from Massachusetts, who has
moved that the committee rise.
Mr. SARGENT. I think it would be better
to dispose of this particular question before
rising.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Botler, of Massachusetts, that the com-
mittee rise; and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair. Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state ot'the Union, pursuant to order, had
had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, being House
bill No. 2524, making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year endingthe 30th
of June, 1872, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
LMiOLLUD BlT.t.S SIQNBD.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled bills and
a joint resolution of tho following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 073) for the relief of Nicho-
las M. Page, executor of Samuel Miller, of
Campbell county, Virginia;
An act (,S. No. 828) 1'or the relief of Henry
Newell;
An act (,II.'R. No. 1537) for the relief of
Richard P. Spencer ;
An act (Ii. 11. No. 1971) for the relief of the
sureties of the late Captain A. R. Hetzell ;
An act (H. 11. No. 2128) to remove the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States from William M.
McGruder, of Heuuco county, Virginia;
An act (H. R. No. 24:11) to authorize tho
Jersey Shore National Bank, Pennsylvania, to
change its location ;
Au act, (H. R. No. 2511) for the removal of
the legal and political disabilities from William
Cardwell and Richard I. Gaulding, of Charlotte
county, Virginia;
An act (H. R. No. 2-327) making appropria-
tion for revenue-cutters; and
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 419) to correct
au error in the enrolliuentof the lawin relation
to pay of grand and petit jurors.
OOVKHSMi:XT PURCHASES OK BONDS.
Mr. BIRD. 1 ask unanimous consent to
offer for consideration at this time the resolu-
tion which 1 send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to tins House what amount of
bonds, of what issue, and at what rates, have been
purchased lor the sinking fuml; also, wha.t amount
and what description ot bonds, in addition, have
been purchased on account of the liquidation of the
public debt, at what rates, andjhe total amounts so
purchased since March 31,1870: also, under what
law said purchases were made.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
II. C. JACKSON.
Mr.PROSSER, by unanimousconsent, intio-
duced a bill (IT. R. No. 258-3) for the relief of
II. C. Jackson, of Nashville, Tennessee; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SOOFIT3LD. I move to reconsider all
references of bills, &c., since the morning hour
of to-day; and I also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, <&e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of Captain
William Burns, of the army of 1812, asking for
a pension.
Also, the petition of Margarett Patterson,
widow of Lieutenant Alexander Patterson, of
the army of 1812, asking for arrears of pen-
sion.
By Mr. BUCKLEY; The petition of 11. A.
Bethune, M. D., and 103 others, citizens of
Bullock county, Alabama, asking for the estab-
lishment of a semi-weekly mail route from
Thomas Station, on the Mobile and Girard rail-
road, viaArborvitoe post office, Indian Creek,
and Pine Grove, thence to Midway, on the
Montgomery and Enfaula railroad.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Elizabeth
Harding, for a pension.
By Mr. FARNSWOUTII": The remonstrance
of Culver, Page & Hayne and a large number
of others, stationers, envelope-makers.
of Chicago, Illinois, against the Post Office
Department furnishing envelopes, &e., and
printing cards thereon, &c.
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of Hon.
W. F. Purcell, for payment of claim of rent
and for timber used by the Government during
the late war.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri: A peti-
tion from assistant marshals of the United
States in the State of Missouri, for additional
compensation.
By Mr. MILNES: The petition of Jed.
Hotchkiss, for removal of his disabilities.
By Mr. MORRILL, of Maine: A petition
of soldiers of the war of 1812, praying for
pensions ; and also a petition from Samuel
11. Hodsdon, praying for a pension.
By Mr. PACKER : The petition of W. Per-
ree Lightner, E. Wilvat, C. W. Gatelins, John
Youngman, T. 11. Purdy, Alvin Day, and J.
E. Eicliholtz, stationers and publishers, of
Sunbury, Pennsylvania, stating objections to
the manufacture, sale, and distribution of en-
velopes by the Government through the Post
Olfice Department.
By Mr. SHANKS: The petition of Catha-
rine Greglig for a pension, on account of the
loss ot' her husband, Philip Greglig, in the naval
service of the United States during the rebel-
lion.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition ot'George
F. Cutter, paymaster in the Navy, for allow-
ance by the accounting officers of the Treasury
Department fur money htoleu from him ou
board the ship Delaware.
By Mr. WILLIAMS : A petition of citizens
ofSteiiaeoom City, Oregon, asking charter for
a manufacturing association.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : Tho petition of
John Heddinger, praying for a pension.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: A petition from
manufacturers of envelopes, primers, and sta-
tioners.
NOTICE OP A Bir.L.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule :
By Mr. AXTELL : _ A bill to establish a
post route from Anaheim Landing(o fv.u Ber-
nardino, via Anaheim City, Riiicon, and Aqua
Mnnpa. California.
