1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
Mr. WILKINSON. Is a motion to adjourn
now in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it is not in order until the proceedings
under the call of the House have been dis-
pensed with.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then I move that all
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is not a motion to ad-
journ always in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then, how are we ever
to get out?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man must run his own risk in that respect.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order to move
to amend the motion to dispense with further
proceedings under the call so that the House
shall also adjourn?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not.
The motion to dispenpe with further pro-
ceedings under the call was not agreed to upon
a division—ayes six, noes not counted.
After some time had elapsed,
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: I move that-the
House now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I would make the suggestion
to the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridge] that it be understood that thisjointreso-
lution is now before the House, and then we
will adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not understand any
such thing, and that is the reason I want to
adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would in-
quire of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] if this matter will not come
before the House next Monday as a matter
of course, and wholly within his control?
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] that on two
successive Mondays I have been put off in this
way. The consequence is that the committee
of the other branch will be compelled to stop
its work.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That will do no harm.
Mr. DAWES. I have been crowded out
to-day by gentlemen who seemed to have
matters so important that they thought they
could not possibly live without they were
attended to. 1 have been disposed to yield
to others.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] knows very well
that, so far as I am personally concerned, I
would have acceded to his proposition some
time ago.
Mr. DAWES. I know the gentleman would
have acceded to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But not being able to
accomplish the purpose he desires, I now move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will not
adjourn under the circumstances.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. As a matter
of order, in course of right, and independent
of all opposition, will not this proposition come
up the first thing on Monday next,* as a motion
to suspend the rules?
Mr. DAWES. I would be very glad to
accede to anything that would advance the
public business.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will not this
proposition go over until Monday next if the
motion to adjourn is now agreed to?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] tells me that there is a notice
pending for next Monday that will consume
all the day probably. The gentleman from
Ohio took precedence of me this afternoon,
in order that he might have his business dis-
posed of.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] is mistaken. This
motion having been made, if we now adjourn
it will go over until Monday next and take
precedence of any motion not yet made.
Mr. BINGHAM. I gave notice thaton Mon-
day next, after the expiration of the morning
hour, I would move to scspend the rules,
unless unanimous consent was given, in order
to make a report from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. But the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Binqham] is aware that this motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [ Mr.
Dawes] is already made, and will take prece-
dence of any motion not yet made, and that
his proposition cannot be received until the
pending motion has been disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. I have already stated to the
House that I am driven into this position
because I did not press my motion against
others for three successive Mondays. And I
have stated to the House the effect it will have
on the business in the other branch of Congress.
Now, if the House chooses to adjourn upon
this question I cannot help it. -I feel as.if I
had done my duty. If the majority of the
House will stand by me here we shall be
obliged to sit this matter out. That is the
position I am disposed to take.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have no desire to an-
tagon'ze the majority of this House. I have
accomplished all the purposes I had in view by
calling the attention of the country to the ex-
traordinary proposition, as I think it is, of the
gentleman from Massachusetts to amend the
bill by making the amount of the appropriation
§20,000 instead of $10,000. To call the atten-
tion of the country to that proposition was the
object I sought in this movement. So far as
I have concurred in it I have accomplished all
that I desire. I think we have been here as
long as is useful to ourselves or the country;
and I make the motion to adjourn in good
faith. If ibis motion be agreed to the gen-
tleman's proposition will certainly come up
on next Monday as unfinished business and
will be the very first thing in Order.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Wis-
consin will allow me one word. He and I
have been members of this House for a long
time, and he will concede that no good ever
resulted from spending time as we have been
spending it here. I know that I must take
before the country the responsibility of pro-
posing to increase this appropriation. 1 do
not intend to shirk that responsibility. I am
willing the gentleman shall call the attention
of the country to the f<tct that I propose to
increase this appropriation to $20,000 because
I understand from the committee that so
extensive is this investigation it is impossible
to proceed in it to any satisfactory result with
| $10,000. If the gentleman from Wisconsin
I desires to debate the proposition for an hour
1 to-morrow, I shall, if the House is willing, con-
sent to that arrangement. But why should
this proposition be driven over till next Mon-
day when we can just as well put it to-day in
the same position in which it would be next
Monday? If it should be brought up next
Monday I could prevent all discussion and
close the mouth of the gentleman from Wis-
consin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not suppose that
it would be much of an object for the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to close my mouth.
I can say in behalf of gentlemen around me,
who have cooperated with me in these pro-
ceedings, that we have looked upon this invest-
igation as one entirely unnecessary. We have
regarded this appropriation as one for polit-
ical purposes, a movement directed against
the party to which we belong for mere elec-
tioneering purposes, and calculated to accom-
plish no other object. We have therefore felt
it our duty to act upon it as we have. We
have called the attention of the country to this
fact. However honest the gentleman from
Massachusetts may be in desiring this invest-
igation of alleged outrages in the southern
States, we believe that the investigation is
designed for political purposes only; and
hence we inaugurated these proceedings. I
now move that the House adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will allow
me one word before he presses that motion.
I do not complain of the gentleman for under-
taking to impress upon the country the idea
that we have instituted this investigation for
political purposes. It is perfectly legitimate
and right for him to do this if he entertains
that opinion. We take the responsibility of
the matter before the country ; we go with the
gentleman to the country upon this question.
The attention of the country being called to
the matter, if, in the opinion of ttie people,
we are doing this merely for political purposes,
it damages us, and helps the gentlemen on the
other side of the House. If the gentleman is
sincere, as I doubt not he is, he puts us in
the worst possible position, assuming that what
he says is true.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the gentleman
has indeed put himself in the worst possible
position. Considering his reputation for econ-
omy and for honest effort to lessen the ex-
penses of the Government, he is really putting
himself in the very worst.possible position. I
am very glad to recognize this fact. I know
he is a leader of his party. I can see how
disastrous this step will be to his party; and
therefore I am very glad he has put himself in
that position.
Mr. DAWES. Iwould like to put an inquiry
to the gentleman. Suppose I yield to the gen-
tleman's impressive suggestions so far as to
ask the passage of the joint resolution just as
it is ; will the gentleman assent to that'/
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir; I should hot
feel willing to cooperate with the gentleman
in the passage of this joint resolution; but I
feel that he is doing himself and his party a
great injury in forcing such a measure upon
the country against the honest opposition,
feeble and ineffectual though it be, of the
gentlemen acting with me.
Mr. DAWES. Painful as that position may
be, still with some cheerfulness I am ready to
assume it; and I ask my friend to let us retire
now and repose upon the issue thus made up.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My motion is that we
retire.
Mr. ARCHER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts believe that $20,000 will pay
the expenses of this committee ?
Mr. DAWES. I hope it will.
Mr. ARCHER. Does he dream that it will?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot think those outrages
are so awful and extend over such a large por-
| tion of the South but what we may be able to
pay for the investigation with this money. If
my friend from Maryland is apprehensive that
they are so extensive that more money is
necessary I may perhaps be compelled to come
here and ask for more money. I hope my
friend from Maryland does not think that any
more money will be needed.
Mr, ARCHER. I think when a roving com-
mission appointed by this House gets out it
spends about five times as much as the House
ever anticipates.
A Member. Take the Louisiana election
cases for instance.
Mr. ARCHER. Take* the Louisiana elec-
tion cases as a specimen of what these investi-
: gations cost.
Mr. STEVENSON. If it does as_ much
good as iu that case, then the investigation
will be worth all the money it will cost.
Mr. COX rose'.
Mr. KELSEY. What is before the House ?
Mr. COX. I am. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman
from New York.
Several Members. Let us have the regular
order of business.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. When the
motion to adjourn was made a little while ago
