182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 20, 1870.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, d. d.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of W. H.
Thomas, of Jackson county, North Carolina;
of Thomas W. Dewey, of Mecklenburg county,
North Carolina; of George H. Mitchell, of Hert-
ford county, North Carolina; of M. M. Shoff-
ner, of Brownsburg, Indiana ; and of Nathan
Scroggin, of Moorsborough, North Carolina,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of Ben-
jamin G. Heriot, of Charleston, South Caro-
lina, praying for the removal of his political
disabilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. VICIiERS presented the petition of
William Hunt, paying pay for the schooner
Fannie, libeled and seized on account of a
collision with the steamer Maryland while
under charter by the Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PATTE8S0N presented the petition
of the judges of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia and the district attorney,
praying the restoration to the marshal of the
District of Columbia of the exclusive super-
vision and control of the jail in the District,
in place of the warden, who has now the con-
trol of the jail and its prisoners; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
James S. Hull, late lieutenant colonel thirty-
seventh Indiana volunteers, praying to be
allowed the pay of a colonel from October
27, 1864, to July 25, 1865 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
James B. Sullivan, of Louisiana, praying com-
pensation for property taken for the use of the
Army in 1864; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Thomas
Maxwell, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Sarah Hutehings have leave to
withdraw the papers relating to her claim from the
Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John Davis, pray-
ing for a pension, be taken from the files of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
11ep0kts op committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1078) to abolish the coinage
charge in the mints of the United States, to
report it back; and as this is embraced in the
general mint bill reported yesterday, I move
that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration.
Mr. COLE. I ask that that bill go on the
Calendar, so that it may lie over to be called
up at any time, as we do not know what may
be the fate of the other bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same committee, to
whom was referred ihe bill (S. No. 1077)
to amend an act to reduce taxes, and for
other purposes, passed July 14, 1870, report
adversely thereon, and recommend its indefi-
nite postponement.
Mr, COLE. I want that placed on the Cai-
oiidur also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same committee, to'
whom was referred the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 255) relating to gold notes and United
States notes, make the same recommendation.
Mr. COLE. That bad better go oil the Cal-
endar also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same committee, to
whom was referred the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, have directed me to
report a bill to authorize the increase of the
bonds bearing five per cent, interest under the
funding act to $500,000,000.
The bill (S. No. 1149) to amend an act
entitled "An act authorizing the refunding of
the national debt" was read the first time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will now
have its second reading if there be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to action on
that bill now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish it understood that
I did not ask for its consideration now ; but
it is an important bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be printed
and placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
extra copies of the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary on the effect of the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution upon the Indian
tribes and treaties existing betv/een the United
States and Indian tribes, have instructed me
to report it back without amendment, and rec-
ommend its passage; and I ask for its present
consideration..
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, Thai five thousand copies of the report
of the Committee on the Judiciary No. 268 be printed
for the use of the Senate.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2-333) granting a pension to William Ervvin,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a leport thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill(H. R. No. 2293) supple-
mentary to the several acts relatingto pensions,
have had the same under consideration, and
have directed me to submit an adverse report,
which I ask to have printed. Before moving
the indefinite postponement of this bill I desire
to call the attention of the Senate to its nature,
so that if any Senator shall see proper to move
that it be placed on the Calendar he will have
an opportunity of doing so.
The first section of the act supplementary
\ to the several acts relating to pensions, ap-
i proved March 3, 1865, provided that no inva-
] lid pensioner then or thereafter in the service
| of the United States should be entitled to draw
I a pension for any period of time when he was
or should be entitled to the full pay or salary
which any able-bodied person discharging like
duties to the Government was allowed by law.
This continued to be the law for fifteen months,
until on the 6th day of June, 1866, the section
was repealed. No provision was made in the
repealing act for the restoration of the pen-
sions so suspended during the pensioner's em-
ployment in the service of the United States.
To effect that restoration is the purpose of the
present House bill. The committee having
considered the matter very fully, have directed
me to make an adverse report; and if no Sen-
ator desires this bill to go upon the Calendar,
I move that it be indefinitely postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent it will be indefinitely.postponed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it had better go
on the Calendar.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
| upon the Calendar with the adverse report of
; the committee.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the report be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1150) for the relief of James II. Willis, of
Greenville, Tennessee; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1151)
defining the jurisdiction of the police court
of the District of Columbia, and for other
purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No. 1152)
in relation to theenlistmentof boys as ordinary
seamen in the Navy; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1153) to relinquish the title of the United
States to certain land occupied by the city of
Baton Rouge, Louisiana; which was read twice
by its-title, referred to the Committee oa Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1154) to incorporate the Great Salt Lake
and Colorado River Railway Company and to
a-id in the construction of its road, and for
other purposes ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 268) concerning the com-
pensation of the collector -of customs for the
district of Willamette, in the State of Oregon ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 269) granting to Andrew
Hanna the right to build a dam across the Blue
Earth river, in Minnesota; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
indiana bonds held in trust.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to communicate to the Senate, at as early
a day as is practicable, what bonds issued by the
State of Indiana have been held at any time by the
Department of the Interior as the trustee of certain
Indian tribes ; when said bonds were issued, their
dates, denominations, and numbers, respectively,
and whether of the class known as internal improve-
ment bonds, or of the class known as the Wabash and
Erie canal bonds, the rate of interest they bore, and
whenandwhere payable,andwhethercoupon bonds,
and thedates, respectively, at which said bonds came
into the possession of said Department, and what
coupons were then attached to the same, respect-
ively, and on what account and forwhatpurposesaid
bonds were received; how many still remain, and
what disposition has been made of the rema'nder;
what amount of the three per cent, fund accruing to
the State of Indiana from the sales of public lands
has been retained by the United States on account
of the principal of said bonds and the interest thereon,
or either: and how and when said fund so retained
was applied, how much of the principal aDd how
much of the interest of said bonds, respectively, has
been extinguished by said application, and if any
part of said fund was applied to the payment of the
interest of said bonds, specifying the numbers, de-
nominations, dates, and description of the bondsthe
interest upon which was thus extinguished, and what
disposition was made ofthecouponsso paid ; whether
they are still attached to the bonds or det.ichcd, and
if the latter when weie they detached and what has
become of them; and if they have been abstracted
from the Department having their cu-tody, state
the time and circumstances uuder which the abstrac-
tion occurred, and ihe number,dates.and denomin-
ations of the coupons awrseted, so that they may
oa identified,
