ms
E :CONG-EESSroN"AL GLOBE.
February 8,
the Chair held that it was not in order pending
a call of the House. Like other pro tempore
occupants of the Chair, I took the advice about
me. [Laughter.] I was then satisfied that a
motion to adjourn at that stage of the proceed-
ing was not in order. That, opinion wak
founded on this decision, to be found in Bar-
clay's Manual:
" By an adjournment, pending a call, all proceed-
ings in the call are terminated; but where the House
has previously passed an order specially directing
otherwise such special direction should doubtless
be executed."
That is, if the House directs that the ab-
sentees be brought into the House to-morrow,
or any subsequent day, that order would not
be vacated by the House adjourning. So I
think, in opposition to the authorities around
me, that a motion to adjourn is in order. The
question, therefore, will now be on the adjourn-
ment.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. • I appeal to the gentleman
from New York whether it will not be satis-
factory to the other side of the House to take
one hour to debate what they call the enormous
feature of this bill?
Mr. AMBLER. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts is making a propo-
sition.
Mr. AMBLER. Is that in order to make
such a proposition?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is usual.
[Laughter.]
Mr. AMBLER. Is it in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. AMBLER. Does the Chair so hold?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair so
holds. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the House this
proposition: let this bill come before the
House to-night and go over until to-morrow,
when, if that be the wish of the House, we can
have an hour to debate it.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar
of the House, having in custody Mr. John A.
Smith, of Ohio.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Smith,
you have been absent from the House without
its leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio. I have none further
than this: I voted for the motion to adjourn,
and then took up my hat and went to dinner.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move the gentle-
man be excused for the reason stated.
A Member. What is the reason ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He belongs to a
numerous family, and I presume they sent for
him—the Smith family. I move he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to enter an excuse for my absence. My attend-
ance here now is not compulsory. I heard
there was a call of the House, and returned as
speedily as possible.
Mr. BENTON. The gentleman's place fs
at the bar of the House.
Mr. YOORHEES. I understand that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Indiana will take his place by the
Sergeant at-Arms al the bar of the House.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have not the slightest
objection. [Laughter.]
[Mr. Voorhees then addressed the House in
remarks for which see Appendix.]
Mr. STRICKLAND. I move that the gen-
tleman be excused.
.Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
gentleman, for his folly in returning to the
House from his dinner, be fined twenty-five
dollars. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. In view of the criticisms
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voor-
iiees,] and'being one of those who remained
here and adhered to my party friends in dis-
charge of what I conceived to be a public duty,
I feel it necessary to say a word.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not
in order.
Mr. TOWNSEND. I move that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] be
heard.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to give reasons
why I think my friend from Indiana should
not be excused.
Mr. VAN HORN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Recall] in charge of the
Sergeant-at-Arms? [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. I have not been absent.
I have remained here assisting resistance 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Nothing is
in order excepting reference to the case of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees.]
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to state to the
House why my friend from Indiana should not
t)© €KCQS6(i>
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
repeats that nothing is in order except to dis-
cuss what shall be done in the case of the
gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say why I
remained here, and why in my judgment
the gentleman from Indiana should not be
excused. [Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
I speak to the question of excusing him.
[Renewed cries of " Order!"]
Mr. TOWNSEND. I hope the gentleman
will be allowed to proceed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man can proceed if he discusses the question
before the House, and that is the propriety
of excusing the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. RANDALL. Now, as to the propriety
of excusing the gentleman from Indiana, with
whom I agree politically, [loud cries of
"Order!"] I stand here, unlike him, for the
purpose of resisting what I believe to be
wrong. [Renewed cries of "Order!"] I
stand here to resist it, because the body which
called into life this committee failed to do
justice by the minority. They appointed a
single opponent of the majority. [Renewed
cries of "Order!"]
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to discuss
the committee? I make the point of order
that the proceedings at the other end of the
Capitol cannot be debated here.
_ Mr. RANDALL. They appointed but a
single Democratic member. [Loud cries of
"Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will suspend, and the
gentleman from Tennessee will state his point
of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. The point of order I
make is, that the proceedings at the other end
of the Capitol, in the senatorial branch of
Congress, are not a legitimate subject of dis-
cussion on this floor, for reasons which .are
explained at length in our Manual, and for
reasons that will occur readily to every one.
The rule is absolute and imperative.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opin-
ion of the Chair the merits or demerits of the
business that was before the House is not a
matter of discussion on this motion.
Mr. RANDALL. I will proceed in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Nothing is
in order except the question whether the gen-
tleman from Indiana shall be excused.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, sir, with great re-
spect, I say that I think the gentleman from
Indiana should have been here to do his duty.
Mr. JENCKES. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will suspend.
Mr. RANDALL. While the House is in
session it is his duty to be here, [cries of
"Order!" "Order!"] especially a member
in such full vigor of health. [Renewed cries
of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will be compelled to order the Sergeant-at-
Arms to require the gentleman to be seated.
Mr. RANDALL. I need no SergeanUat-
Arms, sir. Am I to go on, Mr. Speaker?
[Laughter.]
The'SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckes] will
state hispoint of order.
Mr. JENCKES. It is that the question of
excusing a member for his absence is not a
debatable question; that as soon as the excuse
is rendered the vote should be taken. Other-
wise we might stay here forever.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it not in order to
answer the reflections which have been cast
by one of the members on the minority of the
House? [Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order. The question
is upon the motion that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] be excused.
Mr. McNEELY. ■ I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
eight members voting therefor.
The motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at. Arms appeared at the bar
of the House, and said: Mr. Speaker, in obe-
dience to the order of the House, I have in
custody at the bar of the House Mr. Sheldon
of Louisiana, and Mr. Hoge of South Carolina.
Mr. RANDALL. Will it be in order now
for me to conclude my remarks ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That ques-
tion has been disposed of. [Turning to Mr.
Sheldon,] Mr. Sheldon, you have been absent
from the session of the House without leave.
What excuse have you to render for being thus
absent ?
Mr. SHELDON, of Louisiana. I remained
in the Hall until the yeas and nays were being
taken on the question of adjournment. The
vote by division had resulted in favor of
adjournment, and, supposing that the House
would adjourn, I went to my dinner. So soon
as I learned that there was a call of the House
I came back here, and that, too, without any
assistance from the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. PROSSER. I move that the gentle-
man be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mr. Hoge,
you have been absent from the session of the
House without its leave. What excuse have
you to offer for your absence ?
Mr. HOGE. I remained on the.floor of the
House until I saw nearly every gentleman here
with his overcoat on, and until I supposed
the House was ready to adjourn; in fact, as I
went out of the Hall I supposed the House
had adjourned. I went to my room and ate
my dinner. After my dinner I was sitting
quietly in my room smoking my pipe when I
was notified that there had been a call of the
House ordered. I came here as quickly as
possible. That is all the explanation of my
absence that I have to make.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the gen-
tleman be excused. I wish I had done as he
did.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I now ask leave of the
House to conclude my remarks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Upon what
question does the gentleman desire to speak?
Mr. RANDALL. I ask consent of the House
to finish the remarks I was making when I was
interrupted.
Mr. STRICKLAND. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] is allowed that
opportunity, I hope the honorable gentheman
from Indiana [Mr. Voordees] will have an •
opportunity to reply.
Mr. "RANDALL. Certainly; anybody may
reply that likes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opin-
ion of the Chair that question has been dis-
posed of, and no further debate upon it is now
in order.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not ask for debate;
I only ask consent to make a further statement.
