1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
REPUBLIC or DOMINICA.
Mr. MORTON. I move to take from the
table the joint resolution I introduced some
days ago, authorizing the appointment of a
commission to make certain investigations in
• regard to San Domingo and the republic of
Dominica.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another resolution
that was introduced on an earlier day which
has priority in time, and I submit also prior-
ity in subject-matter. I refer to my resolution
this bill is not in order on the pendingmotion,
which was introduced December 9, and which
calls on the President for documentary in-
formation. It seems to me we should have
an answer to that resolution before we proceed
with the consideration of what I understand
to be a joint resolution, being an act of legis-
lation when adopted, which is now* moved by
the Senator from Indiana. The resolution of
inquiry, I say, is prior in the time of its intro-
duction, as it is preliminary in subject-matter.
I hope, therefore, that the Senate will not pro-
ceed with the consideration of the joint reso-
lution until it has adopted the resolution of
inquiry, and, I would also add, obtained an
answer. It seems to me that we need that
answer in order to act intelligently .on the joint
resolution.
I forbear from any general discussion at this
stage ; I simply make the point and I call the
attention of my friend to it. I ask him if he
will not unite with me in passing the resolution
of inquiry while his own shall lie on the table
until we get an answer from the President ? By
that answer we shall be enabled to act intelti-.
gently on this whole important subject. Till
then I do not think the Senate can act intelli-
gently. There are certain points and matters
which will be disclosed by the information and
which may seriously affect the judgmqpt of the
Senate-and of the country. I use now the most
general language, for on this motion I forbear
from all details ; nor do I express any opinion
either on the resolution of the Senator or on
the general question. I confine myself to the
single point whether we should proceed with
what is entitled a joint resolution on this im-
portant subject, unlil we have had before us
all the documentary evidence on the files ot
the Departments of State and ot the Navy by
which we may be enlightened. That is the
single point wliieh I now present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I ask that
both the resolutions referred to may be read for
information, after which I shall ask leave to say
a word.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before time is consumed
in this matter, I trust the Senator from Indiana
will allow me to call up and have passed a bill
reported by the Committee on Finance yester-
day, that must take effect before the holidays
or else cause the Government very great embar-
rassment. It is a bill defining the meaning
of the words "raw or muscovado " in the sugar
bill of last summer. It is a bill that has been
carefully examined, and I think will not raise
debate. „ , „
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Indiana withdraw his motion?
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be laid aside
informally. .
Mr. MORTON. Not to lose my right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it belaid aside inform-
ally by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana desires his motion to remain pending,
but be passed over informally at the request
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand there will
be some objection to that bill which came from
the House. I am informed, on what I suppose
to be good authority, thatit increases the tariS
on a very large class of sugars from half a cent
to three quarters of a cent a pound, it has
not been to any committee. I think the sugar
importers ought to be heard on tins subject
If thev can show to the Senator from Ohio that
the effect of the bill is to increase the tarrn on
a large class of sugars that come from some of
the West India islands, and that it operates
unjustly in that respect, I am sure he does not
want it passed. It has come up so suddenly
that there has.been no time for persons inter-
ested to make their statements on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have heard all the per-
sons interested in regard to this matter over and
over again, and examined it with great care,
and we came to the conclusion unanimously
that it was necessary to make this amendment
of the law; and we have here the unanimous
opinion of the Committee of Ways and Means,
who at the last session disagreed with us; and
.now I have an official letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury, stating that it is absolutely
impossible, from the nature of things, to define
the duty fixed by the existing law on raw or
muscovado sugar. I can show, I think, by a
reference to the sugar tariffs and a few simple
facts, that the statement now made, that this
bill increases the duty on sugar, is an error.
It simply removes an ambiguity which meets
the officers at the outset.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ohio
will allow me to say one word right there. I
do not pretend to understand these classifica-
tions so as to say whether the bill increases
the duty or not. I was shown this morning
a letter by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Vickers] 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have seen the letter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a letter from a very
responsible house, as I understand, in which
they state this fact, and they are _ engaged in
this business. I think these parties ought to
be able to present the facts to the committee,
and if there is uothingin them the committee
ccrtainly can show that. I do not know, I con-
fess, how it is. The reason why I think the
bill ought not to pass so hastily is simply this :
it comes from the House of Representatives
without any examination there in committee,
is passed right through, and I think the chair-
man of our committee told us yesterday that he
had informally considered it before it passed
the House. It has never been referred to
him.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; we have formally con-
sidered it in a full meeting of the committee
called for the purpose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was never referred.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true ; it was never
referred to our committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course it was inform-
ally done if it was done when the bill was not
before the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I wish is to do my
duty. This bill ought to pass in some form. I
do not want to stand in the way of other busi-
ness, but the meaning of the words used in the
tariff' ought to be distinctly stated. 1 think a
consideration of ten or fifteen minutes will
show that the objection now made is not well
founded. All the parties interested were heard
before the committee, and the subject was fully
considered by the Senate at the last session,
and the members of the committee are as
familiar with the matter as it is possible for
peisous not engaged in the business of import-
ing sugar to be. The only point involved is
the technical meaning of two or three words.
I think I can show the difficulty which grows
out of the use of a term which had no proper
place in the law. I hope the Senate will take
up the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I am satisfied from the
statement now made, and from what I have
heard otherwise, that this bill will lead to
debate. I prefer, therefore, not to give way
at present.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I submit my motion
formally, and it is now in order. I want to see
whether or not this Senate will take up a mat-
ter of political discussion which will lead to a
loagdebateandendin nothingat all, or whether
|! they will take up that which they are distinctly
ii informed by the officers of the Government
i ought to be acted upon before the 1st of Jan-
uary next. I therefore move to postpone all
prior orders aud take up  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
remind the Senator from Ohio that the joint
resolution alluded to in the motion of the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana has not yet been
taken up, and therefore it cannot be postponed.
It has been repeatedly aud uniformly decided
from this chair, previous to its occupancy by
the present occupant, that each motion to take
up a bill or resolution must stand on its own
merits, and that a motion to take up a bill
must be decided without debate on the merits
of the bill sought to be taken up. After it is
taken up the Senator from Ohio can move to
postpone it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Indiana
informs me that after his resolution is taken
up he will consent to give way for short a time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators are
aware that debate on the merits of a proposi-
tion sought to be taken up is not in order on a
motion to take it up. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] is entitled to the floor,
and asks for the reading of the resolution of
inquiry offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and also for the reading of the joint
resolution proposed to be taken up by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, and then desires to make
some remarks.
The Secretary read the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 262) authorizing the appointment of
commissioners in relation to the republic of
Dominica, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled.
That the President ot tlio United States be author-
ized to appoint three commissioners, and also a sec-
retary, the latter to he versed in the^ English ana
Spanish languages, to proceed to the island of San
Domingo, and to inquire into, ascertain, and report
the political state and condition of the republic ot
Dominica, the desire and disposition of the people
of the said republic to become annexed to and to
form part of the people of the United States; the
physical, mental, and moral condition of the said
people, and their general condition as to material
wealth and industrial capacity; theresources ot the
country ; its mineral and agricultural products; tho
products of its waters and forests; the general char-
acter of the soil; the extent and proportion thereof
capablo of cultivation ; the climate and health of the
country; its bavs, harbors, and rivers; its general
meteorological character, and the existence and fre-
quency of remark able meteorological phenomena; the
debt of the Government and its obligations, whether
funded and ascertained and admitted, or unadjusted
and under discussion ; treaties or engagements witli
other Powers; extent of boundaries and territory,
what proportion is covered by grants or concessions,
and generally what concessions or franchises have
been granted; the terms and conditions on winch
the Dominican Government may desire to be annexed
to and become part of the United States as one of
the Territories thereof; such other information with
rcspect to the said Government or its territories as
to the said commissioners shall seem desirable or
important with reference tothefutureincorporation
of thesaid Dominican republic into the United btates
as one of its Territories.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the said
commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may
be, report to the President of tho United States, who
shall lay their report before Congress.
Sec. 3. And be %t further resolved. That the said
commissioners shall serve without compensation ex-
cept the payment of expenses, and theeouipensation
of the secretary shall be determined by the becre-
tary of State, with the approval of the President.
The Secretary also read the following reso-
lution, submitted by Mr. Sumner on the 9th
instant;
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if m
his opinion not incompatible with the public inter-
ests, copies ot all papers and correspondence relating
to the proposed annexation ot the Dominican por-
tion of the inland of San Domingo, or the purchase
of any part thereof, including the original and all
subsequent instructions to any agent or consul ot
the United States, with the correspondence ot suou
agent or consul; also, any protocol or convention
signed by such agent or consul; also, an account i>x
the debt and liabilities of the Dominican trovern-
ment, especially its obligations to the neighboring
republic of Hayti; also, the provisions of the exist-
ing constitution of Dominica, so far as the same i elate
to Uie sale or transler of the national domain i also,
any treaty with Hayti or France by which Dominica
is bound or affected; also, any
the neighboring: republic of Hayti, or fro m our mm ^
isUr there, relating to tho proposed annexation ,
also, instructions to thei coinman^. at ou . \ aval
; squadron in the water* of ^^f f^ ^Jth o r&o^^
