184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
and correspondence of such commander; also, any
information tending to show what European Power,
if any, proposes to acquire jurisdiction of any part
of the island, and if so, of 'what part; also, any
information with regard to the position of President
Baez, under whom the treaty of annexation was
negotiated, and the extent to which he has been
maintained in power by the presence of United
States vessels of war; also, any information with
regard to the sentiments of the people in Dominica,
and the reported pendency there of civil war; also,
any information with regard to any claim of juris-
diction by the republic of Ilayti over the territory
of Dominica.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I simply
rise to say that I do not see any ground myself
for opposing either of these resolutions or for
not taking them up and acting upon them. I
now speak of their substance ; I have not stated
the exact phraseology of either of them, but I
mean the main idea. They are not in the least
incompatible, I would suggest to my friend
from Massachusetts ; both of them are calling
for information, and each for information of a
different kind. One is for diplomatic corre-
spondence, the political intercourse between
States respecting this island; the other is for
the information of Congress and of the Sen-
ate respecting the actual condition—physical,
moral, and social—of the island itself. Cer-
tainly both of them are subjects of interest to
the American people, whatever their opinions
may now be or whatever they may hereafter
be touching what is wise or desirable respect-
ing the acquisition of that territory.
I suppose most Senators know, and perhaps
the public, certainly my constituents know,
that I have been opposed to the acquisition of
San Domingo, and I am perfectly free to say
that my opinions have not changed in the form
in which the question has been presented, or,
it may bo, in the form in which it is likely to
be presented. But I certainly am sure that I
ought not to object to obtaining any informa-
tion respecting the condition of that island, or
any other of the adjacent islands upon either
coast of our great country, for the enlighten-
ment of ourselves respecting treaties, protect-
orates, annexations, or whatever commercial
or other intercourse it may be fit to take. I
should hope, therefore, that my friend from
Massachusetts would not object to the passage
of this resolution, or to its being taken up. and
that my honorable friend from Indiana would
interpose no objection to the resolution of my
friend from Massachusetts, that they should
both pass as a matter of course, and with the
assent of all parties in this Chamber.
Mr. HOWARD. As was very justly observed
by the Senator from Vermont, these" two reso-
lutions contemplate a different description of
inquiry. The resolution presented by the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana contemplates the
appointment of a commission, who, I suppose,
if it shall be created, wiil repair to the island
of San Domingo for the purpose of making a
thorough inquiry into the condition of that
island, its population and commercial advan-
tages, and in short, into the necessity and pro-
priety of its final annexation to the United
States, as has been suggested by the President
of the Uuited States in his message at the open-
ing of the present session.
This inquiry is a much broader and more
satisfactory one in its nature, as it seems to
me, than that which is suggested by the reso-
lution of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts. The latter resolution simply calls for
executive documents and information docu-
mentary in ks nature and in the possession of
the Executive of the United States. I do not
know what the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts expects to glean from the Executive
Departments upon this subject which is not
already before the Senate. It will be recol-
lected that at the last session of Congress
a committee of this body was appointed to
make inquiry into the facts connected with the
memorial of one Davis Hatch, which became
a s.ibject of very animated debate in the Sen-
iii". That committee, after numerous sessions
and a most exhaustive labor in the shape of
inquiry, reported back to the Senate a vast
amount of documentary proof, much of it
proceeding from the Secretary of State, and
much also consisting of the correspondence of
our consuls and commercial agents at Sau
Domingo, as well as documents of different
kinds. Now, 1 wish to inquire of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, who asks that, the
resolution of the Senator from Indiana may
be postponed until his is answered, what he
expects to obtain that is not already presented
in the report of that special committee as
found in committee report No. 234 of the last
session of Congress?
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator wish an
answer now?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, I do. I should be
glad to know what additional information the
Senator expects to obtain.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend the other day
called my attention to the point which he now
makes, and at his suggestion I referred to the
report which is before him. I examined it to
see to what extent it contained a reply to the
inquiries in my resolution, and I found very,
very little indeed. One or two things iti my
resolution of inquiry will be found in that
report, but the main body of inquiries in my
resolution is unanswered in that report. At
the proper time I will go into an explanation.
Mr. HOWARD. It may be that the resolu-
tion may.r,esuit in the productionof documents
which are notconlained'in this report and which
may possibly be important in this inquiry.
What they are I do not lyiow. I can only
say that the committee in the discharge of their
duty endeavored to embody iu their report all
the documents of importance relating to the
then scheme of annexing San Domingo to the
United States. Very likely, as the Senator
has suggested, we did not obtain all that was
necessary; but certainly there can be no reason
whatever for postponing the inquiry of the
honorable Senator from Indiana until that made
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
has been answered by the Executive. Weeks
and weeks would most likely elapse, perhaps
even months, before his resolution could be
appropriately answered by the Executive. Why
should the inquiry suggested in the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Indiana, asking for
the appointment of a commission to go to San
Domingo in person to make a thorough invest-
igation of the whole subject, its length, and
breadth, be postponed until the resolution of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
shall have been answered? I can see no pro-
priety in it at all.
If the resolution of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts is necessary, if it is im-
portant for the illustration of the subject of
San Domingo, the answer to that resolution
may be proceeded with pari passu contem-
poraneously with the action of the commission
that may be appointed under the resolution of
the Senator from Indiana. The two things can
proceed at the same time without any clashing
or inconvenience whatever. As he must very
well see, when he reflects upon the subject, his
inquiry will be answered here at Washington
in the Executive Departments; the inquiry of
the honorable Senator from Indiana will be
answered by a commission, who will find it
necessary to go to San.Domingo in person to
obtain all the information, voluminous certainly
it must be, called for by that resolution; and
they will then be required to report to the
Executive of the United States, and he will be
required to present that report to Congress.
There may be a connection between these
two inquiries, the same subjects will probably
be handled in both forms; but there is no reason
whatever for the postponement of the inquiry
of the Senator from Indiana until the com-
pletion of that of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. I hope that the suggestion to
postpone the resolution of the Senator from
Indiana will not prevail. It seems to me to be
entirely fair, entirely correct in its principles,
that such a commission should be appointed.
It is recommended by the President of the
United States iu his message, and I can see
no impropriety in it whatever. On the other
hand, I can see that this policy of annexing
San Domingo will be most fully justified or-
fully and completely condemned by a fair,
ample, thorough report made by a commission
sent there for the purpose, as suggested by the
President. It will be satisfactory, in lespeet
to the annexation or the non-annexation of
that island, to all the people of the United
States, because they will all understand what
the facts are upon which the policy is based.
There is no concealment about it, no shuffling,
110 evasion, no artifice of any kind, but an
open, free investigation of the facts, and upon
those 1'acts this policy is ultimately to be
decided.
Mr. SUMNER. I should not say another
word but for the appeal that the Senator has
made to me. He has brought forward his
report and averred that it is all-sufficient.
Mr. HOWARD. No, I did not say that it
is all-sufficient.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, that it is a substitute
for any answer to my resolution of inquiry—all-
sufficient, then, as a Substitute for tiie answer
to my resolution. That I understand to be his
averment. Why, sir, what is his report? It
was on the case of Davis Hatch, an American
citizen who appeared by his petition before the
Senate alleging malconduct on the part of an
agent of the United Slates, General Babcock.
After careful inquiry by the committee, as the
■repoit shows, they stood four to three—four
excusing General Babcock, three condemning
him. So the report stands, I simply recite.
The inquiry of the committee as to the alleged
misconduct of an American officer, and ail that
the committee did, so far as they acted logically,
concerned that single inquiry. Now I under-
stand my learned friend to argue that the inquiry
into the misconduct of General Babcock is to
be a substitute for any inquiry into the nego-
tiation of the treaty for the annexation of San
Domingo or the purchase of the bay of 8amana.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will allow me
to say just here that he is apparently seeking
to put me into a false position, which I do not
choose to occupy. I haye said nothing, I
intended to say nothing, implying that this
report to which I have alluded is to be a sub-
stitute for his inquiry or that it is a sufficient
answer to his inquiry. 1 simply put him the
question whether there were any other docu-
ments. not embodied in that report, which lie
regarded as important to the inquiry in hand.
Beyond that I have not gone ; and the Senator
will pardon me forsaying that he does megreat
injustice when he seeks to put me in a false
position. I beg he will understand me now.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe my friend knows
that I would not put him into a false position
if I could. He knows that I could not if 1
would, and that I would not if I could. I
understood bim to argue that his report—for
this occasion I must go back to the phrase I
used before—was all-sufficient; that there was,
in short, no occasion for my resolution of in-
quiry ; and I said, naturally, in answer, that
his repoit, logically, was confined to a specific
inquiry. So far as it related to the negotiation
for the annexation of the republic of Dominica,
or of the bay of Samana, it was merely inci-
dental to the main inquiiy.
Now, the Senator wishes to know what is con-
templated in ruy resolution which is not found
in his report. I will give him the answer in
detail. The resolution calls upon the Presi-
dent, " if in his opinion not incompatible with
the public interest," to furnish in the first place
"copies of all papers and correspondence relat-
ing to the proposed annexation of the Domin-
ican portion of the island of San Domingo or
the purchase of any part thereof, including
ilia original and all subsequent instructions to
any agent or consul of the United States, with
the correspondence of such agent or consul."'
