1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
Now, I do not understand that in the report of
the Senator 
Mr. MORTON. I simply rise to inquirehow
the resolution which the Senator is reading is
iu any form before the Senate, or in order on
this question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatprfrom
Indiana makes the point of order that the
debate must be confined to the propriety of
taking up the joint resolution for present con-
sideration.
Mr. SUMNER. May I submit to the Cliair,
was I not answering the argument of the Sen-
ator from Michigan?
Mr. CONKLlNGr. That was out of order
itself.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
York reminds the Senate that the Senator from
Michigan was out of order. He was not called
to order ; lie proceeded at some length to set
forth reasons why my resolution should not be
adopted. I am simply replying to him ; that
is all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
at the opening of this discussion that debate
on the meiits of the proposition proposed to
be considered would not be in order; but the
Chair has found how delicate is the position
in which he is placed sometimes in undertak-
ing to indicate to Senators that they are trans-
gressing that rule. The Chair might have
arrested the remarks of the Senator from Mich-
igan. As lie did not, he will not now arrest
the remarks of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, but after he concludes will endeavor to
confine the debate closely to the motion before
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER, I shall so confine myself,
sir. I understand perfectly that debate 011 the
merits of the proposition is not in order. 1 do
not mean to speak to the merits of the propo
sition. 1 am speaking simply to the question
whether the resolution of the Senator from
Indiana shall be taken up at this stage, and I
believe I am in order, and in so speaking I
address myself to the precise objection made
by the Senator from Michigan. I believe in
answering it I am in order. The Senator
asked, particularly propounded even, a ques-
tion to ine, "What do you desire by your reso-
lution which is not already in the report made
by the Senator's committee?" Now, I pro-
ceed to answer that by my resolution I call for
copies of all papers and correspondence relat-
ing to the proposed annexation. I believe in
the Senator's report there is just one paper,
and, you may say, none of the correspondence.
I will tell in a moment, what that one paper is.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts yield to the Senator
from California?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. With the Senator's permission,
I move that the consideration of this subject
be continued beyond one o'clock, and as long
as mav be necessary to dispose of it.
The' VICE PRESIDENT. ^ That requires
unanimous consent, as one 0 ctock has not yet
been reached. In one minute it will be one
o'clock, when the motion will be in order and
can be adopted by a majority vote.
Mr. COLE. I supposed it would be 111 order
at any time before one o'clock to extend the
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not except oy
unanimous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I have the floor, have X
B°The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts will continue.
Mr. SUMNER. After using general terms,
'■'copies of all papers and correspondence,
I proceed to say, "including the original and
all subsequent instructions to any agent or
consul of the United States, with the corre-
spondence of such agent or consul. 1 have
seen some of that correspondence, and I know
how vastly important, it is m determining our
action on this question. I do not disclose it
now. Should this debate go forward, of coarse
I shall be obliged to enter into that branch of
the subject.
Then the resolution calls for "any protocol
or convention signed by such agent or consul."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts will please suspend. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and the Calendar is before
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I move that the consideration
of this subject be continued until this resolu-
tion is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves, the Calendar being before
the Senate under the rule to be found on the
first page of the printed Calendar, that the
consideration of the motion pending during the
morning hour be continued, the effect of which
will be to leave the Calendar to be resumed
again at some other time, if the motion shall
prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to appeal to the
Senate to let me now call up the sugar bill and
have it acted upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let 11s determine whether
we will take up the joint resolution of the Sen-
ator from Indiana or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the motiun of
the Senator from California?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ It is that the Sen-
ate continue the consideration of the matter
which was pending at one o'clock, under this
part of the resolution known as the Anthony
rule:
"This order shall be enforced daily at one o'clock
tilt the end of the Calendar is reached, unless upon
motion tjio Senate should at any tune otherwise
order."
The Senator from California has made the
motion to "otherwise order."
Mr. SHERMAN. If that motion prevails
I hope Senators will yield to the considera-
tion of the sugar bill, which ought to be dis-
posed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California,
to continue the consideration of the present
subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that 110 motion
will prevail which postpones the Calendar for
the purpose of taking it up again, Now, is it
in order for the Senator from California to
move to postpone the Calendar until we get
through with a certain question? If the Cal-
endar is postponed are we not 1 id of it? This
rule under which we have been acting here of
calling up the Calendar has pretty effectually
disposed of the business of Congress for the
month of December, and I think it is about
time that when we postpone the Calendar it
should not come back upon us again. Here
comes up the case of Dr. Best legularly and
occupies the whole time of the Senate. I hope
that the motion which is now made to postpone
the Calendar will postpone it so that other busi-
ness can he done, and I ask if it is competent
to make a motion to postpone it until a certain
thing is completed?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves to continue the consideration
of the question pending at one o'clock, the
effect of which the Chair stated would be to
postpone the Calendar till it was reached again
at some future day at one o'clock.
Mr,'TRUMBULL. But will it be icached
every day at one o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Cnair will
again read the rule :
"And this order shall be enforced daily at 0110
o'clock till the end of tho CM end.iris reached, unless
upon morion the Senate should at any time other-
wise order."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it lequire that the
Senate shall "otherwise order" every morn-
111"? Will not once "otherwise ordering'' do?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It^will require
an order every day unless the Senator shall
introduce, and the Senate shall adopt, absolu-
tion to rescind the rule regularly. The rule
can be abolished, of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But otherwise the Cal-
endar will come up every morning ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Every morning,
unless the rule be rescinded or there should
be unfinished business of the preceding even-
ing, which has priority at one o'clock under
the rules.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is now a standing
rule of the Senate, and it requires a day's
notice to change it, as I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand this
to be anything but an order of the Senate ; not
a rule. It is not a standing rule of the Senate,
but an order adopted for this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Itis not a stand-
ing rule, but an order of business which is, in
effect, a rule until rescinded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to give notice,
then 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is notin order now.
Mr. CONKLlNGr. It must be in writing.
Mi-. TRUMBULL. Well, I will give notice
in writing of a motion to rescind this order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'The Senator can
call it up to morrow in tlie morning hour.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the regular
order of business at this moment is to continue
the call of the Calendar. I understand that
that is the order of the Senate, and that the
time for taking up the call of the Calendar has
arrived.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has.
Mr. DAVIS. The object of the motion of
the Senator from California is to dispense with
that order. I trust that his motion will not pre-
vail. TheSenateandthe Congressol'the nation
have had quite enough, and a great de?.l too
much, of San Domingo. It is time that we
should wash our hands of that hateful subject
now and forever. It is time, Mr. President,
that the Senate of the United States should
proceed to do justice to the citizens of the
United States. What is involved in the Cal-
endar and in the call ? The case under con-
sideration now answers the question in part.
Here is a loyal citizen that has a claim against
his Government for $25,000, a just and a con-
stitutional claim. He preferred it four or five
years ago, in the usual form, by petition to
both Houses of Congress, and he has been
knocking at the door of the Senate and of the
House of Representatives to have his cause
heard during that long and wearisome time.
His claim has been passed upon by the com-
mittee of the Senate. They have reported
unanimously in its favor. He has an impera-
tive claim upon the Government and its justice
for the payment of what is due him. No Sen-
ator will deny that he has a right to can upon
everv Senator to hear and decide his claim, at
any rate.
Well, sir, this Calendar is crowded with cases
of the same character not less urgent in the
demands of justice and right, some of them
more so ; and what, is the effect, of the motion
of the Senator from California, and what will
be the further effect of the notice, to be followed
by the motion, of the Senator from Illinois ?
It will be to ignore all this large ma-s of claims
due to citizens of the United States, in regard
to which they ask for justice from their own
countiy and their own Government. I enter
my protest against any such proceeding 011 the
part of Congress.
We have the subject of this claim ol Best, or
all claims of that character which are upon the
Senate's Calendar, now fairly, alter protracted
delay, before the Senate, and" there is 110 higher
obligation upon the Senate than to meet and
, hear and decide thesd claims a* they arNe
j trust that this duty wit! not be waived, will not
j besliitked; that Senators nill advance up to^
: it as men determined to do justice an . right,
j! according to the Oo:i..t nation am! the laws a nd
;i the facts ol the case, and that they will dispose
