1012
ME CONGRESSIONAL GLQBB.
February 7,
free from blame on his part, and I want it to
be read through.
The repoic submitted by Mr. Ramset was
read, as follows:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
which was referred a joint resolution (II. R. No. 479>
repealing the joint, resolution approved July15,1870,
entitled "Joint resolution authorizing the Postmas-
ter General to adjust the accounts of George Gtjor-
penmpg," beg leave to report the same back to the
Senate, with a recommendation that it "pass as it
came from the House.
Itftpjie^rs that the resolution sougbtttoberepealed
inak"s it mandatory on the Postmaster. General to
settle and adjust the claim of George Chorppnnipg
under tbe first section of an act for his relief, ap-
proved Marfib 3,1©7. " pn the basis of compensation
allowed by sijid act for the regular servicp, and the
.claim growing out of tbe curtailment and annul-
ment of his contract on route No. 12801, on the basis
of his agreement with the Postmaster General for
the service, to be settled as provided for the services
named in said act of March 3,1857." The said first
section reads as follows, namely:
" Be it enacted, &c.. That the Postmaster General
be, and he hereby is, required to adjust ana settle
the claim of said Chorpenning, as surviving paatrier
of Woodward & Chorpenning, and in his own right,
for carrying th- mails by San Pedro, and forsupplying
the post office in Carson's V alley*, and also for carrying
part of the Independence mail by California, allow-
ing apett raki increase of cqcapensatipn for t.he dis-
tance by San Pedro, for the service to Carson's Valley,
and for such part of the eastern mail as was carried
by California, during all tbe time when said services
were performed, as shown by the affidavit and proofs
on file in the House of Representatives."
Thus it will be seen that the proposition mide by
Congress, worked out to its logical results by the
Postmaster Genera], as he was directed, might nat-
urally, in tbe opinion of vour committee, lead to the
conclusion arrived at. The evidence being confined
to the " affidavits and proofs on file in the House of
Representatives," the Postmaster General bad no
power or discretion left him to go beyond or behind
that evidence should he desire to do so. In tbe lan-
guage of Postmaster General Brown, "These were
to be the only guides in the settlement, and neither
tbe records of the Department nor any contradic-
tory or explanatory testimony could betaken by the
Government to assist in'attaining what might be
considered exact justice in thecase."
To show the impropriety of the legislation which
confined the Postmaster General to any particular
"proofs and affidavits," the committee instance im-
portant evidence wlrch is on file in the Post Office
Depai tmeut. and which the Postmaster General was
prevented trotn considering:, to wit. "aletterfrom
Chorpenning himself, askmg for authority to trans-
port the mails irom Sacramento to Salt Lake, via
San Pedro, for hi- own security and convenience,"
when it appears that afterward he made a claim for
a large amount oi compensation for the extra dis-
tance thus traveled.
Your committee, therefore, unanimously concur
in the opinioo that, the Postmaster General did not
deviate trom tbe discharge of his ofiieial duty in the
settlement made, but strictly obeyed the law of Con-
gress. and that Cnngress alone should assume the
responsibility, if any, in enjoining upon him the ful-
fillment of a duty which has led to such surprising
results. The resolution itself was passed without
debate in the hurry ot legislation, during the last
hours of the session, and indeed is the very last one
in the published statutes of that session.
The resolution, doubtless, would not have been
passed had the magnitude of the claim been known,
and the difficulties to be encountered in deeidiog
properly upon the evidence, " as shown by the proofs
and affidavits on file in the House of Represent-
atives."
Vuurcoiiiniittee express no opinion as to themcrits
ot the claim of Chorpenning, but beg leave to sug-
£i-si that the Court of Claims be invested withjuris-
diedou over the case, that it may go there lor adju-
dication according to the law and evidence obtained
and applied in ttie usual manner, without being
restricted to the "affidavits and proofs on file in
the^House of Representatives."
The committee beg leave to submit with their
report tho statement of the Postmaster General
snowing the process by which the settlement made
with Chorpenning was arrived at. under the law, and
also commnuications from the Postmaster General,
directed to the chairman of this committee, which
are made a part of this report.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. I rise to ask if this is the
House resolution which is now under consid-
eration ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am in favor of the
passage of this repealing resolution, and have
no disposition to take up time in discussing a
resolution which. I suppose, will pass this'body
unanimously. I wish to say, however, after
listening to the report, that in voting for this
resolution I do not indorse the report which
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
have made. I am not disposed to say that the
construction which the Postmaster General put
upon the law was not one that he could put
upon it. I am not disposed to animadvert at
all upon the Postmaster General's integrity in
any way; but, in my judgment, the joint reso-
lutions heretofore passed on this subject are
susceptible of a very different construction from
the on© he gave. The clause in regard to tbe
testimony which was on file in the House of
Representatives was stricken outwhen the last
joint resolution was pending here at the last
session. On the motion of the chairman of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
the Senate struck out the clause which made
evidence certain papers which were on file in
the House of Representatives.
Mr. RAMSEi. The Senator will recollect,
however, that the clause had reference to an
appeal from the decision of the Postmaster
General to the Court of Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is in yet. The evi-
dence clause was stricken out. The appeal
clause is in now.
Mr. RAMSEY". That provision of the bill
as it came from the House of Representatives
was, that in the event of an appeal from the
decision of the Postmaster General to the
Court of Claims the papers on file in the House
of Representatives should be evidence. That
was tnooght to be so extreme that we struck
it out. We did not at the time, in thp haste,
prohably, examine thoroughly to find that the
resolution of 1857 contained substantially the
same provision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only wish to preclude
the inference that the report of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads meets my
approbation. I do not concur in that report.
I concur in the result, that the joint resolution
of last session ought to be repealed; but I do
not concur in so much of the report as lays it
down as a rule that the Postmaster General
was compelled to do what he did. In my
opinion he was not. It appears by the claim
of this very party which he filed in the Court
of Claims (and through which my attention
was first called to it) that in his petition filed
in that court, after setting out what he claims
in his ad damnum, the whole extent of his claim
is $176,000. Hoiv an amount of $443,000
could be allowed on such a claim is strange to
me. He goes on and states his claim in the
first place to be $70,000, and then he claims
a general ad damnum, for damages in regard
to the matter of $100,000 more, in round num-
bers. That is the way it is stated. The Court
of Claims decided that they had no jurisdic-
tion of the case.
I do not wish to go into the transaction. I
am in favor of the repeal of the resolution,
and there I am willing to leave it. I do not
wish to say or to be understood as saying
that the Postmaster General might not have
made the decision that he did, and I do not
wish to say anything to impute any improper
motives. I disclaim any intention of that
kind; but, in my judgment, looking at the
joint resolution and the papers as they are
presented, they did not compel him to make
such a decision as he did.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not suppose that we
are called upon to either approve or disap-
prove of the report of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. That is their conclu-
sion. It may or may not be ours. The sim-
ple question before the Senate is on the pas-
sage of the joint resolution. That is the sole
question before us. The report presents sim-
ply the reasoning of the committee. The Sen-
ator from Illinois thinks the committee has
erred. That may be. I can only say, how-
ever, upon an investigation of the matter, that
I think the committee have come to a right
conclusion, and I think if I had been in the
position of the Postmaster General I should
have given the law precisely the same construc-
tion that he has given it. But that is a mat-
ter of no importance here. It is a mere mat-
ter of opinion. One Senator may have one
opinion and another another. My opinion
concurs with that of the committee. The Sen-
ator from Illinois does not concur. The sim-
ple question is on the passage of the resolu-
tion, and on that I think the Senator is right.
We will all vote for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I hone
that Congress will learn a lesson from this mis-
take that Congress has made. This claim was
presented to the Postmaster General and re-
jected, properly I think, as it had been over
and over again by his predecessors. Congress
saw fit on the very last day, or certainly in one
of tho last days of the session, in. the hurry
of the closing of its business, to pass a law
compelling him to reopen a case which he had
already reported adversely upon and thrown
out of court, telling him how he was to reopen
it and upon what evidence he was to decide it.
For my own part I desire to say that I individ-
ually feel greatly mortified that Congress should
have passed such a law. I trust that we shall
in the future be guided by this error of the
past and pass no more such laws.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me remind the Sen-
ator from Michigan that I think more than
the usual share of the responsibility for these
acts, if there is any that any one does not
like to bear, is upon the House of Representa-
tives. The resolution of the last session came
here, and we amended it and sent it back to
them, and they had it tsfice before them :
once as an original proposition and once upon
onr amendment. It was never considered in
the Senate nor in the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads with that care that it
would have been if the House of Represent-
atives had not twice considered it and twice
voted upon it.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is an additional
reason why any blame to be attached to either
of the two Houses should rest upon the House
of Representatives. They recited in the act
of 1857, and reendorsed it again in the act
of July 15, 1870, that this claim should be
allowed upon proofs in the possession of the
House of Representatives, thus asserting that
they had the proofs upon the subject.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, we are not
able to hear on this side ot' the Chamber the
discussion upon the other side, and therefore I
can say nothing upon that subject. My own
opinion is that the resolution passed by Con-
gress at the last session does not justify the
construction which the Postmaster General
placed upon it. *It never was intended by Con-
gress that he should suppress important testi-
mony in his possession, and upon which former
Postmasters General had acted and come to
definite conclusions. It seems that this con-
tractor had himself asked that the route might
be changed for his own convenience. That let-
ter was on file in the Post Office Department, it
had been the subjectof consideration by former
Postmasters General, and it never was the in-
tention of Congress, with that testimony on
file, to ignore it altogether and to act upon
different proofs. I know nothing about the
passage of that resolution in the House of
Representatives. What I have read and heard
almost justifies the conclusion that it was
surreptitiously passed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose
that the Postmaster General and the commit-
tee have done what they deemed to be their
duty, but it seems hardly fair to throw the
entire blame upon Congress. It is a little
remarkable that a ease of this kind, which
had been so many times adjudicated in the
Post Office Department, should come to the
Post Office Committee and they know noth-
ing at all about it. Now, the Post Office Com-
mittee make one further suggestion, and to
that 1 rise to make a protest. They propose
that this case shall now be sent to the Court
of Claims, and that this party, steeped all over
with crimc, shall have afairchanee to test the
merits of his claim before the Court of Claims,
as I understand the report. If the claim of
this party were ever so just and equitable,
