1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
after he has proved himself a scoundrel, and
after all the parties who have been engaged
in it have proved themselves utterly unworthy
of any cortfidjnce whatever, I would not give
him the least ihance now before the Court of
Claims or bbiOre Congress again for a single
dime.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall very gladly vote
for the resolution passed by the House of
Representatives. It is an attempt, and a very
proper attempt, promptly to reconsider action
which it seems was obtained from them by
suppression of the truth; and whether a false-
hood consists in the snggestio falsi or the
suppressio veri, its moral turpitude is just the
same. In this case it seems to be conceded
by both Houses of Congress and by both the
appropriate committees to consider such sub-
jects growing out of matters connected with
the Post Office Department that this claim is
founded in a fraud; that the consent of each
House of Congress to the passage of the reso-
lution of July 15, 1870, was obtained by the
suppression of the truth; and that it did pass
Congress, as has been stated by my honor-
able friend from Maryland, surreptitiously.
Therefore, in order promptly to vindicate the
wish of Congress to do that which is right as
soon as they shall know how to do it, I shall
vote for the passage of this resolution annul-
ling the action of Congress obtained from it
without proper advice. At the same time that
I do that, I do not wish to be considered as
assenting to the report which has just been
made and read at the Clerk's desk, and which
necessarily, in the confusion of this Chamber,
is but imperfectly heard.
I would not desire to commit myself for it
or against it. It certainly is a matter of very
grave importance, not to one House of Con-
gress, not to one officer, but to the entire
ch-.racter of the xVmerican Government, that
a claim of this kind, in regard to which the
method of examination was so easy, in regard
to which the matter of adjudication was so
simple and open, and yet which has been dis-
covered to be tainted by at least the suspicion
of fraud, should not be forgotten, should not
be passed over, but every man connected with
it should have his day in court before the
American people, that they may be satisfied
that here in the Legislature of the entire coun-
try there is the intent to do right and justice
by all men ; not only to rebuke fraud, but to
vindicate the character of those who may
unjustly have been suspected of fraud.
If, therefore, any action we are to take to-
day were to be held conclusive of the facts
reported by this committee, or if their opinion
were to be taken as the opinion of the Senate,
I, for one, should ask delay upon that in order
ihut the report may be printed, that we may
know upon what it is founded aud justified to
ourselves the votes we may be called upon to
give lor its confirmation or approval.
Mr. CASSEItLY. Mr. President, being en-
gaged on a committee during the first part of
 he morning hour I did not hear the report
of the Post Office Committee in this case. I
infer from what is said that it attempts to
justify, or at least to excuse the action of the
Postmaster General upon the Chorpenning
claim. If my understanding of the report is
correct, I desire emphatically to say that I do
not assent to any such view of that officers
conduct. It was pretty well known. whe.n the
measure was on its way through both Houses
of Congress last session, that the amount to
be awarded was quite small. It was stated to
uip by a friend, who spoke to me in favor of
the measure, as not likely to exceed $20,000
in any event. But without relying upon that,
when the gentleman at the head of the Post
Office Department found a claim which had
bee« put through Congress during the last
weary hours of a most busy and crowded ses-
sion running up into figures approaching half
a million dollars, what was his plain duty as
an oUieer of this Government? Why, sir, he
knew that Congress was soon to meet; he knew
that he could then ascertain the sense of Con-
gress on this subject. He did nothing of the
kind ; and it was by a fortunate accident the
truth was discovered. Because he did not,
any attempt of the Post Office Committee to
justify or excuse him in its report, if such
attempt be made there, is, in iny judgment,
to be condemned.
I shall vote for this repealing resolution, of
course. I am glad fo see that the Post Office
Committee has reported it precisely as it came
from the House. I shall not vote (unless I
see the very weightiest reason to change my
mind) for any further action in favor of Mr.
Chorpenning or his claim, or any part of it,
either by way of referring it to the Court of
Claims or in any other manner whatever. We
have had too much of such a claim and its
attendant circumstances. It ought to be at
once and forever cast out of Congress; I had
almost said burned by the hands of the com-
mon executioner.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. CAMERON. I should be glad to hear
the resolution read.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. I would prefer to have
the resolution laid over for a day or two, as I
desire to examine into the subject and may
have something to say about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution is now before the Senate by unanimous
consent, and has been read the third time.
Mr. CAMERON. I am in favor of repeal-
ing the resolution of July last; but I hope this
case will be fully investigated by a committee,
so that the public may know somethings in re-
lation to it which I think ought to be known.
I desire to let the public know who is at the
bottom of the claim, who wrote the original
resolution that passed the House, and who
induced its passage there. I will let this res-
olution pass now, having said thus much.
Mr. MORTON. I was not present when
the report was read, and I have a very imper-
fect knowledge of what has been said here this
morning; but as it is a matter that may affect
the reputation of those who stand high before
the country, I hope it will be allowed to pass
over until to-morrow morning for final dis-
position.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion having been read the third time, cannot
be laid over by an objection : but the Senator
from Indiana can move to postpone it.
Mr. POMEROY. It can be laid over by
unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be done
by unanimous consent. «
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
laid over at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Dees the Sen-
ator from Indiana move to postpone?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the resolution.
The joint resolution was passed.
ItEt'ORTS OF, COJXMirrilKS.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
joint resolution "(S. R. No. 807) authorizing
the Kansas Pacific Railway Company to con-
struct a branch of its road to the Arkansas,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (.11. R. No. 1178) to provide for celebrat-
ing the one hundredth anniversary of Amer-
ican independence, by holding an interna-
tional exhibition of arts, manufactures, and
products of the soil and mine in the city of
Philadelphia and State of Pennsylvania in the
year 1876, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
memorial of Mrs. Frances A. Macauley, pray-
ing compensation for extraordinary expenses
incurred by her husband white consul at Tiip-
oli and consul general in Egypt, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1078) to terminate the fabrication of Uni-
ted States notes and fractional currency, to
strengthen the reserves of national banks, and
to promote the return to specie payments,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to, and the bill
was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 518) for the relief of Blessing-
ton Rutledge, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 2372) for the
relief of certain purchasers of lands from the
legal representatives of Bartholomew Cousin,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 295) relating to rights of
actual settlers upon certain lands, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of Mrs. Fanny Kelly, praying com-
pensation for property destroyed by the In-
dians, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 1315) for the relief of Mrs. Fanny
Kelly.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom were referred the joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 98) donating cannon for the
erection of an equestrian statue of General
U. S. Grant, and the bill (S. No. 541) to aid
in the construction of an equestrian statue in
bronze to the late Secretary of War, General
John A. Rawlins, have instructed me to report
adversely, and to recommend the indefinite
postponement of the bill and joint resolution.
The reason for this course is that we have a
report from the War Department that the Gov-
ernment has no more of these cannon which it
can donate. I hope the Senate aud the coun-
try will take notice of that fact.
"The bill and joint resolution wore postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
^11. R. No. 996) to provide for the collection
of debts due from southern railroad corpora-
tions, and for other purposes, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
miitee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1003) for the relief of John Daw-
sou, have directed roe to report it back asking
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion. I will state that the bill provides for
the settlement of the accounts of James G.
Miller and Baniel Dixon, the first collector,
and the last postmaster at Wilmington, North
Carolina. It appears that Daniel Dixon was
postmaster, and might have returned the
money in his possession if he had chosen to
do so; that his accounts are in suit, and the
Attorney General recommsnds that we shall
not take any action thereon. In the case of
Miller, it appears that he was a man of reputa-
ble character, and most undnubted!y_ he was
a Union man, or at least his sympathies were
on the Union side. He was not only collec-
tor, but depositary of public moneys. In his
capacity as collector there is a loss of about
thirty-five hundred dollars, and as depositary
of a little over six thousand dollars. It, is
stated in his behalf that he was forced to sur-
render the moneys in his possession to the
confederate authorities in 18fi1 ; but there is
no proof that he surrendered a dollar. It
