1014
mm CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 7,
seems rather hard to hold Mr. Dawson merely
as bondsman for liiixi now, being dead and
leaving no property, but at the "same time
there Is not a sufficient amount of evidence to
enable the Committee on Finance to make a
favorable report. They ask, therefore, to be
discharged from the further consideration of
the bill.
The report was agreed to; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
change of a bank's location.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2703) to authorize the Wor-
cester County National Bank, Massachusetts,
to change its location, have directed me to
report it back withoat amendment; and if
there be no objection, I ask for its imme-
diate passage. It is a bill of similar character
to several we have passed, merely allowing a
bank to change its location from one point
where it i133 little or 110 business to a point
where it has its chief business, a little less
than ten miles distant.
By unanimous consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the Worcester County National
Bank, now located in Blackstone, Massachu-
setts, may change its location to the town of
Franklin, Massachusetts. Whenever the stock-
holders representing three fourths of the capi-
tal of the bank, at a meeting called for that
purpose, determine to make this change, the
president and cashier are to execute a certifi-
cate. under the corporate seal of the bank,
specifying such determination, and to cause
the same to be recorded in the office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, and thereupon
the change of location shall be effected and
the operations of discount and deposit of the
bank shall be carried on under the name of
the Franklin National Bank, in the town
of Franklin, Norfolk county, Massachusetts.
jTliis change is not to be construed as in any
manner to release the bank from any liability
or affect any action or proceeding in law in
which the bank may be a party or interested.
And when such change shall have been de-
termined upon, notice thereof and of such
change shall be published in at least two
weekly newspapers in the county of Worces-
ter for not less than four successive weeks.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
rights or miners.
Mr. STEWART. I ask unanimous eon-
sent to reconsider the vote by which the Sen-
ate passed yesterday the bill (S. No. 1103) to
define and protect the rights of miners and to
encourage the development of mines, for the
purpose of adding a proviso. Parties having
controversies are exceedingly sensitive, and
liave suggested that there ought to have been
a further proviso. I do not think it changes
the sense of the bill in the slightest. It is as
follows:
Provided. That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to enlarge or affect tlie rightt of either party
to any property in controversy at the timo of the
passase of the act entitled " An act granting the
right of way to ditch and canal owners over thepub-
Jio lands, and for other purposes," approved July
£0,1806; nor shall this act affeet any right acquired
under said act.
I think that is precisely the meaning of the
bill, and if I can have unanimous consent I
should like to have the bill reconsidered and
this amendment agreed to.
The VICli PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent to recon-
sider the vote 011 the passage of the mining
bill passed yesterday, for the purpose of incor-
porating the amendment which he has read.
Is there objection?
Mr. POMEROY. I should be glad to have
.it. reconsidered, but I want it to lie over. I
did not have an opportunity to examine it. I
would not object to it if I had had that oppor-
tunity. I am informed that there are some
things in it that ought to be looked into. I do
not know anything about it, and I will ask
that it lie over one day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada press his motion or not?
Mr. STEWART. Let it be reconsidered,
and let that amendment be added to it, and
then if the Senator from Kansas has any
objection let him say so, and we can take
the vote to-morrow morning.
Mr. POMEROY. I would have made objec-
tion yesterday if I had known of it.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be reconsidered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote on the
passage of Senate bill No. 1108 will be regarded
as reconsidered, the amendment received, and
the bill laid over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the amendment be
printed before it is laid over, so that we may
see what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be regarded as agreed to. and
the bill and amendment will be laid aside.
Mr. STEWART. Let the whole bill be
printed, with the proposed amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
order 01 business.
Mr. BLATR addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired and the unfinished busi-
ness is now before the Senate, beirlg the bill
generally known as the air-line railroad bill.
This day was assigned for reports of the Com-
mittee on Claims, but the unfinished business
has precedence.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I desire to have leave
to introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. HOWE. Very well.
The VICE! PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive bills for reference if there be no objec-
tion.
bills introduced.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1316) to amend an act approved May 31,
1870. entitled "An act to enforce the rights of
citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of this Union, and for other
purposes which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONKLING. Meaning at all times
to commit myself to the adoption and execu-
tion of the most efficient laws to preserve the
purity of the ballot, 1 am not able to say that
I approve of all the provisions of this bill. I
move its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary in order that it may be examined,
and also that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RO§S asked, and by unanimous consent !
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1317)
in relation to the revision of the laws in the
Territory of New Mexico and publishing the
decisions of the supreme court in said Ter-
ritory j which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
joshua bishop.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] has twice appealed to
the Senate, but has been cutoff by the expira-
tion of the morning hour, in regard to a bill
the character of which the Chair does not
know. Does the Senator from Wisconsin yield
for that purpose?
Mr. HOWE. I yield for morning business.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senate to consider
House joint resolution No. 2Sj, in favor of
Joshua Buhop, late lieutenat commander
United States Navy. The House of Repre-
sentatives has already passed the joint resolu-
tion and it has been reported favorably by the
Committee on Naval Affairs of the Senate,
and his restoration to the Navy is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be read at length, after which the
Chair will call for objections if there be any.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the joint resolution is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that there is
any objection to that joint resolution, and yet
I believe there is. I am not prepared to make
any myself, and I am not sure that that is the
joint resolution that I am inclined to oppose.
Mr. BLAIR. This joint resolution has been
reported favorably from the Committee on Naval
Affairs of the Senate, and the Secretary of the
Navy recommends the restoration of this young
man.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
report read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the report, and then the amendment
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Scott, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, on the 20th of January:
The Committee on Naval Affurs, to whom was
referred House joint resolution No. 285. to author-
ize the President of the United States to reappoint
Joshua Bishop, late a lieutenant commander in the
United States Navy, submit the following report:
When this joint resolution first came before the
committee it was not considered, because not accom-
panied by a recommendation from the executive
department, as required by a resolution adopted by
the committee in all cases where officers disuiib&ed
by court-martial apply for restoration.
Subsequently the following letter was procured
from the Secretaiy of the Navy:
Navy Department,
Washington, December 15,1S70.
Sir: Mr. Joshua Bishop, late lieutenant com-
mander United States Navy, has applied to me for
another letter to your committee.
I recommend that such action be taken in his case
as will permit the President to reappoint him, if
found to be right.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. A. II. Cragin. Chairman of the Committee on
Naval AJfairs, United States Senate.
Upon examination of the ease it is found that
Lieutenant Commander Bi&hop was tried by court-
martial in 1867 upon charges of intoxication and
neglect of duty. He was represented by counsel;
did not object to the constitution of the court, nor to
any of its members: cross-examined the witnesses of
the prosecution, and did not call any in his defense.
He was found guilty and sentenced to be dismissed
from the service-—a finding which was approved and
carried into effect.
# He now raises technical objections to the constitu-
tion of the court and to its proceedings; objections
which the committee feel bouud to say they would
not sustain at this stage of the proceedings, even if
they might have been taken advantage of at an
earlier one, of which, however, they are not satisfied.
The desire to pres3 them, upon an application lor
restoration to service which should be based upon
the merits of the officer, has not strengthened hi3
case; and upon examination of the record of the
proceedings of the court we cannot see how any
other result than a conviction upon the charges could
have been arrived at, whatever may be our opinion
as to the severity of the sentence imposed upon this
officer.
If the evidence disclosed that Commander Bishop
habitually or frequently became intoxicated we
would not remove-the bar which the act of Con-
gress interposes tohis restoration. It does not; but,
on the contrary, the offense for which he was tiied
seems to be the only one that h:ts ever been charged
against him, and that occurred upon a social occa-
sion on board his vessel, when she was lying in the
harbor of Nagasaki, Japan, and he had invited a
lew friends to dine with him. The neglect of duty
was a consequence of that single indiscretion, and
one which, under the circumstances, we do not con-
sider a grievous offense. The testimony of those
who know him establishes his character as that of a
faithful and loyal officer, who did good service and
made for himself a good record during the war—as
or good moral conduct and officer-like deport-
ment."
We presume that this character of Mr. Bishop and
a belief that the sentence was undeservedly severe
under the circumstances have iuduced the recom-
mendation of the Department " to permit the Pics-
ident to reappoint him if found to be right." We
understand this as reserving to the Department and
the President the right further to examine Mr.
Bishop s case, and that the act which may be passed
is not.to be considered as a recommendation that lie
be restored, but sw a permission to the Presidout to
nominate him, if he, upon examination, believes it
to be right to do so, not, however, so as to prevent
the promotion of others who have remained in (bo
service during his discharge.
