1MB
ffifi C0 NO-EBSSTO?vf AL &LOBE.
February 7,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I riiiisfc insist on
the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Tfie Senator from
Vermont demands the ri&ular oi-detv
Mr. EDM UNDS. ' I will explain to my friend
from Indiana wh^ I do it. I am not sure that
we liave hot done oiir fMend from Wisconsin a
great injustice, and possibly unfairness,' in not
going to the consideration of his .bills. ; If *e
do not come to a vote on this Wit, tfhrcli is
the unfinished business, within a reasonable
time, then certainly I shall feel bound to so
on with what we agreed to do, the private bills
from th:e Committee on Claifris. So I do not
think it right to take up the time of the Senate
with other local matters until the Senator from
Wisconsin has had his day in court.
Mr. CHANDLER. I insist on the regular
order.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senator from Ver-
mont will withdraw his objection. ' I do not
often ask 
TlieVICE PRESIDENT. TheSeilatorfrom
Michigan has also risen to insist on the regu-
lar order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland will resume the floor and proceed
with his remarks.
Mr. RAMSET. Will a resolution be in the
regular order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not;
the morning hour, to which resolutions are
assigned, having been concluded some time
since.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House ofRepi?eseatatives,
by Mr. McPhkrson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following joint reso-
lutions of the Senate severally with an amend-
ment ; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 293) appro-
priating money to defray the expenses of the
select committee of the Senate appointed lo
investigate alleged outrages in the southern
States; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 308) author-
izing the use of a naval Vessel to transport
breadstuffs to Europe.
UNROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (S. It. No. 238) for the relief
of Lieutenant Commander John N. Qnaeken-
bush and it was thereupon signed by the Vice
President.
CONSTRUCTION 01' RAILROADS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
520) to promote commerce among the States
and to cheapen the transportation of the mails
and military and naval stores.
Mr. ViCKERS. Mr. President, the bill
now before the Senate contains assumptions
of constitutional power of vast magnitude and
interest to the States. If these powers are
recognized as constitutional it will make the
States mere tributaries to the General Govern-
ment. If, from the general power to regulate
commerce, a power can be extracted to make
railroads through the States without their
consent, then the States will be mere sub-
sidiaries to a consolidated and centralized
Government, and any power which the Gen-
eral Government or Congress may desire to
exercise may be derived from some general
power. I have endeavored to examine this
subject with some care and diligence, and if
the Senator from Ohio who has this bill in
Charge, or the Senator from Michigan, or any
other Senator will controvert 
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg leave to correct
toy friend. I have not had charge of this
bill. It is in the charge of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. VICKERS. Well, 1 will say if the Sen-
ator" from (jliio, One of the chief advocates
'6f t66 Billj or ari^ othet Senator will contro-
vert the positions arid arguments which have
been laid down and used by the most eminent
s't&t^'roen and judges and jurists of this coun-
try I stall be pleased to hear him. My uind
ig open to conviction. But I desire some other
argument than that whicii is derived from the
mere general power to regulate .commerce or
to establish po^t offices and post roads.
The authority to incorporate a .company
to construct 6. railroad from Washington to
New York, to. eiiter upon the lands of a State,
to take its soil, to run parallel and near to and
across other railroads constructed under State
authority, to bridge its rivers and enter its cities
and towns, is claimed under the power to reg-
ulate commerce and to establish post offices
and post roads. The authority to make canals
is as clear as that to make railroads. Jf the
power to make ihe former is not embraced,
the power to make the latter cannot be.
Mr. M-adison in 1824, in a letter to the late
Edward Livingston in reference to the author-
ity of the Government to make canals, said:
" It had been frequently proposed in the Conven-
tion and negatived, either as improper to be vested
in Congress, or as a power not likely to be yielded
by tho States."
The subject was frequently introduced into
the Convention, but was not adopted. It was
not an omission, but it was considered; rail-
roads were nnknown. The advantages of
canals as channels of intercourse and trade
were known and appreciated.
In the Convention which framed the Con-
stitution, in 1787, Dr. Franklin proposed to
insert a power " to provide for cutting canals
where deemed necessary." To this Mr. Sher-
man objected, on the ground that the expense
would fall on the United States and the benefit
accrue to the places where the canals might be
cut. Mr. Madison then suggested an enlarge-
ment of ihe motion into a power "to grant
charters of incorporation where the interest
of the United States might require and the
legislative provisions ofindividual States might
be incompetent," liis primary object being to
secure an easy communication between the
States. Mr. King objected, and said the States
would be prejudiced and divided into parties
by it. When the vote was taken, Pennsylvania,
Virginia, and Georgia voted in the affirmative ;
and New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connec-
ticut, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, North
Carolina, and South Carolina voted in the neg-
ative. The question was distinctly presented
and the proposition explicitly made and dis-
cussed, and the States, almost three to one,
negatived the proposal and refused to insert
the power. Can it now be said that the Con-
vention intended to create a power which they
positively and emphatically rejected? The
phrase " to regulate commerce" had already
been introduced, and was referred to in that
debate, but not as embracing any such power.
But opinions were various. Some thought
that it was too great a power to vest in Con-
gress ; others that if it were inserted in the
Constitution it would not be adopted. It was
defeated, both on principle and expediency.
Shall it now be in the power of Congress to
foist into the Constitution a principle which
the makers of it refused to put there? Shall
we seize upon a general expression to regu-
late commerce and insist that it has a meaning
and latitude of construction which those who
used it said was not intended to be given?
The words are properly applicable to regula-
tions of trade, the rules by which commerce
is to be carried on. These regulations are
appropriate and adapted to the subject and
the means. Can we wrest them from their
true import and extend them to embrace
what Mr. Madison said the Convention refused
to include ?
Mr. Madison, in the forty-second number of
the Federalist, in speaking of the defect of
power in the Articles of Confederation to regu-
late commerce, and the insertion of it in the
Constitution, said:
"A very material object of this power was the re-
lief of the States wbioli import and export through
other States from the improper contributions levied
on them by the latter. Were these at liberty to reg-
ulate the trade between State and State, it must bo
foreseen that wnys would be found oat to load the
articles of import and export during the pass-ifje
through their jurisdiction with duties which would
fall on tho makers of the latter and the consumer.-
of tho former."
The object of incorporating the power in the
Constitution is apparent; it was to prevent tbe
levying of improper contributions upon trade
and intercourse between the States.
This view is sustained by the Supreme Court
of the United States and in the opinion ex-
pressed by Chief Justice Marshall in the caseot
Gibbons vs. Ogdcn, in 9 Wheaton's Reports.
The State of New York had undertaken by her
legislation to give to Fulton and Livingston the
exclusive privilege for twenty years ot navi-
gating the waters of that State with vessels
propelled by fire or steam. The right and
power of the State were denied, and hence t'be
suit. The court said of commerce :
"The word used in the Constitution comprehends,
and has always been understood to comprehend,
navigation within its meaning, and a power to reg-
ulate navigation is as expressly granied as ir tuat
term had been added to tue word •commerce/"
What is navigation? The act of passing on
water 111 ships or other vessels; the science or
art of conducting ships or vessels fr >m one
place to another; the state of being naviga-
ble. Commerce and navigation, in the stJD&e
used by the judge, relate to the customs,
duties, and regulations of trade and inter-
course in ships, or other vessels, between the
States and between this country and foreign
countries, although the term ''commerce,"
standing isolated, may mean the regulations
of intercourse and trade between States. The
court further said that commerce was undoubt-
edly traffic, but it was also intercourse, and
that—■
"It describes the commercial intercourse bHweens
nations and parts of nations, in all its brunches,, and.
is regulated by prescribing rules for carrying1
that intercourse."
Here the regulation of commerce is specific
ally defined 5 it is not left to vague and loose
interpretation, but it is clearly and explicitly
stated to be ''prescribing rules for carrying
on that intercourse." But if anything more
conclusive is wanted, it is other language used
by the court iu the same case, where it was
said—
"It is the power to regulate, that is to prescribe,.-
the rule by which commerce is to be governed."
These repeated and emphatic remarks of the
court leave no room for doubt.
Mr. Webster, who argued the great case of
Gibbons vs. Ogden, and who contended that
the law of New York was inconsistent wish the
power given to the United States to regulate
commerce," in the course of that argiun^ut
said:
"That all those high exercises of power which
might be considered as giving the rule or establish-
ing the system in regard to great commercial inter-
ests were necessarily lett with Congress alone. Of
this character he considered monopolies of trade-,
or navigation, embargoes, the system of navigation
laws, the countervailing laws as against toreign
States, and other important enactments respecting
our connection with such States."
While Mr. Webster was thus contending irh
argument for a latitude of construction in this-
grant of power over commerce Ue. embraced it
all in the recitals mentioned as "giving the
rule or establishing tho system."
In the celebrated case of The State of Penn-
sylvania The Wheeling and Belmont Bridge
Company, to be found iu 18 Howard's Reports,
427, Judge Nelson, in dfihvering the opinion
ot the Supreme Court, saiil:
"The regulation of commerce includes intercourse
and navigation, and, ot course, the power to determ-
ine what shall or shall not be deemed in judgment
oi law an obstruction to navigation; and that power,
as we have seen, has been exereis-ed consistent with
the continuance of the bridge."—//;., 431.
*" That tho purely interna! streams of a State which
are navigable belong to the ripuruXJ* tu tho
