101B
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
cession and the statutes therewith connected,
and not by right of eminent domain. So said
the Supreme Court in-the ease of Pollard's
Lessee vs. Hagan, in -3 Howard, 223. It was
also held that the shores of navigable waters
and the soils under them were not granted
by the Constitution to the United §tates, but
were reserved, to the States respectively, and
the new States have the same, rights, sover-
eignty, and jurisdiction over this subject as
the original States; further, that upon the
admission of Alabama into the Union the right
of eminent domain, which had been temporarily
held by the United States, passed to the State.
The'plaintiff dlaimed, under a patent from the
United'States, land lying below high-water
mark, which, it was held, they had no power
to grant; and the court went so far as to say
that—
" It cannot be admitted that the king of Spain
could, by treaty or otherwise, impart to the United
States any of his royal prerogatives; and much less
tan it be admitted that they have capacity to receive
or power to exercise thein. Every nation aeqiuvioy
territory, by treaty or otherwise, must hold it sub-
ject to the constitution and laws of its own Govern-
ment, and not according to those of the Governmenf
ceding it."
The United States is a Government of dele-
gated and limited powers; the soil is owned
by the States ; they hold the eminent domain,
and they alone can exercise it. To allow the
General Government to hold and exercise
such a power would be inconsistent with its
nature, design, and genius ; it would thereby
be brought into constant and fatal collision
with the States. Eminent domain cannot
exist in two Governments; it is an attribute
of sovereignty, and belongs to the States. In
Vattel it is said that the right which belongs
to the society or to the sovereign, of disposing
in case of necessity and for the public safety
of all the wealth contained in the State, is
called the eminent domain ; that this right is
in certain cases necessary to him who gov-
erns, and is consequently a part of the empire
or sovereign power.
In 6 McLane's Reports, 530, in The United
States against The Railroad Bridge Company,
(Rock Island bridge,) Judge'McLane, being on
the bench, decided:
" That the right of eminent domain appertains to
State sovereignty, and it is exercised free front the
restraints of the federal Constitution. These ease-
ments (roads) have their source in State power and
do not Belong to Federai action. They are necessary
tor the public at large and essential to the interests
of thepeoplo of the State. "Whether we look to prin-
ciple, oi the structure ot the Federal and State Gov-
ernments, as the uniform practice of the new States,
there would seem to be no doubt that a State has
the power to construct a public road through the
public lands. These positions are believed to be
irrefragable: first, that the right of eminent domain
is III the State; and secondly, that the exetcise of
this right by a State is nowhere inhibited, expressly
ur impliedly, m the Federal Constitution or'in the
powers over the public lauds by that instrument ill
Congress.
In the same case the same learned judge
said that the proprietorship of land in a State I
by the General Government cannot, it would !
seem, enlarge its sovereignty or restrict the j
sovereignty of the State : that the sovereignty
extends to the State limits over the territory
of the State, subject only to the proprietary
right of the lands owned by the Federal Gov-
ernment, and the right to dispose of such lands
and protect them under such regulations as it
may deem proper; that in the discharge of the
ordinary functions of sovereignty, a Slate has
a light to provide for intercourse between the
citizens, commercial and otherwise, in every
part of the State, by the establishment of ease-
ments, whether they may be common roads,
turnpike, plank, or railroads.
_ In the case of The United .Statps vs. Cornell,
(in 2 Mason's Reports, 60,) Judge Story, who
delivered the opinion of the circuit court, said
that the purchase of lands by the United Stales
for public purposes within the territorial limits
ot a State does not ot' itself oust the jurisdic-
tion or sovereignty of such State over such
lands so purchased. It requires the assent
of the State to the purchase to give exclusive
jurisdiction to the United States, and in Pol-
lard's Lessee against Hagan, before cited, the
court declared that upon the admission of a
new Stale into the Union the right of eminent
domain temporarily held by the United States
passed to the State. This confirms the view
already presented, that the United States only
held temporarily, and in trust for the States
when formed, the right of eminent domain, and
could not hold it in any other sense, because
it would be incompatible with the character,
nature, and objects of that Government.
In the ease of Smith against The United
States, to be found in 18 Howard, 71, in 1855,
the Supreme Court decided that the soil below
low-water mark in the Chesapeake bay, within
the boundaries of Maryland, belonged to the
State, subject to any lawful grants of that soil
by theState or the sovereign power which gov-
erned its territory before the Declaration of
Independence. In no case has sovereign power
been attributed to the Federal Goverment, ex-
cept over the District of Columbia and iand
purchased by that Government with the oon-
sent of the State. With the title in the States,
the eminent domain in them, and with sover-
eignty over the whole property of the State,
with what semblance of reason can it be asserted
that Congress can impart to corporations a
power which includes eminent domain and
sovereignty over the States ? A power sov-
ereign in all its elements and constituents, and
totally inconsistent with the adjudications of
the courts, the opinions and practices of the
fathers, and with the nature and genius of
both the State and Federal G-overnments.
So tenacious were the States of their righf.3
of sovereignty over their domain and of their
exclusive jurisdiction that, in forming the Con-
stitution, it was provided in the eighth section
of the first article that Congress should have
the power to—
" Exercise exclusive legislation in all cases what-
soever, over such district (not exceeding ten miles
square) as may, by cession of particular States, and
the acceptance of Congress, become the seat of the
Government of theUnited States, and to exercise like
authority over all places purchased by theconsent of
.the Legislature of the State iu which the same shall
be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals,
dock-yards, and other needful buildings."
It will be noticed that under this clause th,e
dominion over the soil and the sovereignty of
the States are essentially recognized, for it
admits that Congress can only be a purchaser
like individuals of real property, and that
•unless the States consent to the purchase, the
United States hold such purchased lands by
the same title that individuals hold lands,
subject to the laws and jurisdiction of the
State, and to the payment of taxes and pub-
lic charges as other lands are liable to pay.
In the case in 6 McLane's Reports, before
referred to, the court said:
" It is a fair implication that if the State were not
restrainedbyeompaet.it could tax such lands. In
many instances the States have taxed the lands on
which our custom-houses and other public buildings
have been constructed, and such taxes have been
paid by the Federal Government. This applies only
to the lands owned by the Government as a pro-
prietor, the jurisdiction never having been ceded by
the State."
It is only where the State consents to the
purchase by the United States that the latter
obtains jurisdiction and exemption from tax-
ation. Although the power of peace and of
war, and of the regulation of commerce, is
given to the General Government by the Con-
stitution, it cannot obtain land on which to
erect a fort or a light-house, except by pur-
chase from individuals, and having made the
purchase, the laws and jurisdiction of the State
extend to such places, unless the Legislature
ot the State shall, by solemn act, consent and
agree to the purchase, which consent transfers
the^ jurisdiction to ibe laws and courts of the
United States. Light-houses are essential to
commerce; forts aie necessary for the defense
of cities and of armies ; dock-yards, arsenals,
and buildings are equally indispensable. And
notwithstanding this obvious necessity, the
people of the States would not suffer their
lands to be taken for such purposes without a
sale and purchase by the Go\ernment. And
yet we are now told that the national Gov-
ernment cannot only take our lands without
purchase, without consent, not for great na-
tional objects, but may depute and authorize
individuals residing in .New York and in other
States to enter upon and take our lands, to
condemn them against our will, and to erect
houses, buildings, and construct railroads, dig
up the soil, derange the fencing, and convert
the property to other uses by corporations,
whose business it is to make money for them-
selves and not for the Government.
But the power to regulate commerce is ex-
clusively in the Federal Government. The
States yielded it because of the necessity of
having one power to regulate commerce with
foreign Governments. To have reserved it
to the States would have resulted in different
rules and regulations among them, different
duties, injurious discriminations, and unequal
and unjust rivalries. Conceding that the
power to regulate applies to the making ot
rules, in this sense we can understand the
language of the court in the case of the United
States against the railroad bridge company
in 6 McLean's Reports, already mentioned,
when it said :
"Congress has the exclusive power, under the
Constitution, to regulate commerce between two or
more States." * * * * "It has regu-
lated commerce on the Mississippi river and the
other navigable rivers of the United States, so far
as navigation by steamboats is concerned, and ports
of delivery have been established."
In the celebrated case of Sturgiss vs. Crown-
inshield, (in4 Wheat., (593,) Chief Justice Mar-
shall, in pronouncing the opinion of the court,
said that—
"Whenever the terms in which a power is granted
to Congress, or the nature of the power, require that
it should be exercised exclusively by Congress, the
subject is as completely taken from the State Legis-
latures as if they had been expressly lorbidden to
act on it."
But the nature of the power not only made
it exclusive in the Federal Government, lmt in
the tenth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution it is expressly provided that—
"No State shall., without the consent of the Con-
gress, lay any imposts or duties on imports or ex-
ports, except what may be absolutely necessary W
executing its inspection laws."
It is first affirmatively given to the General
Government, and is then by negative language
denied to the States. If the power to regu-
late commerce includes and comprehends the
construction of railroads and canals, it is a
power exclusively within the control and ex-
ercise of the national Government, and can-
not be exercised by the States. If the con-
struction of works of internal improvement is
a regulation of commerce, and that subject
pertains exclusively to Cungr us. what right
have the States to enter upon and exercise the
powers confided to Congress? The claim is
set up by the friends of the bill that they can
authorize railroads to be made bv virtue of
the power to regulate commerce, fhese woi ks
must be emanations of that power or essen-
tially and inseparably a part of it, and it the
power exist only iu the Federal Government
it cannot exist in any other; it is not concur-
rent, but exclusive; and as no power exists
elsewhere, railroads and ciumls cannot be
made under the authority of the Slates, is
not such a proposition preposterous, contrary
to the practice of the State govern men is. which
have exercised the power since the lorimuion
of the Constitution, and which the General
Government has abstained fioin e.xcrting"?
When the Cumberland load was auihorizi-d
by Congress to be made through Maiyland,
1 ennsylvania. and \ lrginia to the Ohio the
statute provided that the consent of the States
thouid be first obtained. If the claim of the
States rested on usage only it would, iiecoid-
ing to the rules of interpretation, be sufficient
to establish it. In the ease of McCulioush iv.
