m
the cofgbdsswnal globe.
December 20,
agrees to it to-morrow, when he expects to
have this report. In three months or in six
months 1 Why, sir, looking over this joint
resolution, it seems that the intention is to
appoint a scientific commission to go over to
San Domingo, investigate everything that is
there, the water and the earth and the air,
and the mental and moral condition of the
population. Either this is a serious thing, and
then it will take from a year to five years to
accomplish it; or it is a sham, and then it can
be done in a fortnight. If we really want to
have all the things investigated which are
enumerated in this resolution, a report that is
worth anything, then, I repeat, it will take a
long time to do it well; but if we want to have
the thing done in three or six weeks we shall
have nothing but a sham to deceive ourselves
and the people.
Objection is made to the reference of this
resolution to ihe Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. Can we say at first-sight how many more
things of importance there ought to be enumer-
ated in this resolution, or how many things
there ought to he struck off, to bring it within
the purview of those intentions which are
probably entertained ? Is it not well to invest-
igate such a matter closely and have the sense
of a committee upon it? Certainly this joint
resolution is capable of amendment. It ought
to be improved in a great ma,ny respects. There
are, as I mentioned before, a great many things
upon it, the conscientious and close investiga-
tion of which will take a long time and much
careful labor. I repeat, sir, if this is meant as
a serious thing, the investigation will require
very long work, and if it is meant as a sham
then it ought not to be had at all.
Mr. MORTON, Mr. President, one word.
The Senator from Missouri thinks that this
resolution of inquiry certainly ought to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
to find out, I suppose, whether the commit-
tee knows already all that is embraced in this
and can furnish the information without further
trouble. I do notsuppose itwill take three or
five years. How long it will take I do not know.
It may take thirty days for the commission
reasonably to satisfy itself on these important
questions. Itwill not require it to proceed in
the character of a geological survey, but it is
simply to go there and procure such inform-
ation as can be readily procured on that island
iti regard to questions that reasonably affect
the matter of annexation. It is to meet a
want that has heretofore been expressed in
regard to this very thing; it is not a sham, but
it, is in earnest. It is not intended to be con-
strued technically as the enemies of it would
construe it, but to be construed reasonably;
to procure information upon certain points
that are regarded as important. I suppose the
commission could go there and get back in
sixty days, and possibly they might be able to
satisfy themselves reasonably on these points
in less time than that. But it is not for me to
undertake to say 5 it will be for Congress to
determine when their report is made whether
it is full and satisfactory or not.
'Ihe Senator has not offered a single argu-
ment showing the necessity or the importance
of referring this resolution to a committee.
The only effect of reference is delay, that is
all; delay as one of the means of "defeating
this measure.
The report may be of that character that
would make us all against annexation. That
may be the result of it. If the information
elicited should be such as to make us reject
the project of annexation, that is all right.
On the other hand, the report may be of such
a character as will dissipate many of the objec-
tions and horrors that have been presented
against annexation. Whatever may be the
effect of the report, it is legitimate to have it,
and nobody has a right to object to it.
The object of the inquiry is to furnish what
m&y be regarded as important information
upon essential points. The resolution is to
be construed reasonably, and it is to be pre-
sumed that a corpmission sent there will act
reasonably in regard to it, It is true, if they
were going there with compensation they
might spin out the time for which they might
be paid ; but there is to be no compensa-
tion paid. I presume the commission will be
appointed from members of Congress in all
probability, whose pay is already provided for
in their salary.
Now, when it is proposed to get information
upon this subject that may be satisfactory to
everybody and will satisfy the country one way
or the other, we are met by efforts at delay. I
trust, Mr. President, that this resolution will
not be delayed, and I had hoped it would be
allowed to pass without opposition. A reference
of it can do no good; it will simply have the
effect of delay, against which I protest.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator, as I under-
stand, thinks that this whole investigation can
be made in sixty days. Now let us see what is
to be investigated. The commissionis expect-
ed to "inquire into, ascertain, and report the
political state and condition of the republic of
Dominica.'' Probably the political state and
condition of the republic of Dominica is so
confused, that in order to make a conscientious
report, it would take thatcommission alonefour
or five weeks to investigate that. But that is
an insignificant portion of the programme.
The desire and disposition of the people of the said
republic to become annexed to, and form part of,
the people of the United States.
How is that to be done? Are the commis-
sioners to travel all over the country, from place
to place, and to inquire in every settlement
whetherthe people there are desirousof becom-
ing connected with the people of the United
States? Unless they do they cannot make a
conscientious and reliable report on that head.
That alone will take them three months at least,
there being 110 railroads in that country, and
probably longer. But that is not all yet:
The physical, mental, and moral condition of the
said people, and their general condition as to mate-
rial wealth and industiial capacity.
Now, we know well how such commissions
work. In order to investigate "the physical,
mental, and moral condition of the said peo-
ple'' they will have to inquire into a great many
things which are not visible at first sight; and
they cannot make all these inquiries at the
same time; they have to take one subject after
another. This alone would require several
months to give us anything approaching relia-
bility.
But that is not all yet. They have to invest-
igate ''the resources of the country;" that is
to say, they are not to go to San Domingo city
to inquire there of Mr. Baez and Mr. Gautier
what the resources of the country are, but they
have to see them with their own eyes. They
are expected to report to us what there is,
what they can swear to, so to say. not what
speculators may represent, there to be. How
long will it take therm to do that?
" Its mineral and agricultural products."
In all probability there are no statistical reports
and books on San Domingo, such as we have
in our libraries here, and if there are we have
got them here as well, and it is not necessary
to send a commission down to San Domingo
for them. Or are they to see everything, and
how much time will that require?
The products of its waters and forests; the gen-
eral character of the soil; the extent and propor-
tion thereof capable of cultivation 1 the climate and
health of the country.
"The climate and health of the country."
Tn order tn investigate that what have they to
do? It will not do to go to one place or to
two ; they will have to travel up and down the
coast, and from the sea-side ascend the mount-
ains and descend into the plains, making their
inquiries there, and upon the ground of these
inquiries, made on the spot, report to us. They
have to see with their own eyes. They have
to put questions to the people, and hear with
their own ears. Only if they do all this can
they lay anything before Congress on which we
shall be authorized to ground our judgment?
The general meteorological character of the coun-
try, ana the existence and frequency of remarka-bio
meteorological phenomena.
What does that mean? Will they have to
remain there waiting for meteorological phe-
nomena, or are they to report to us what is
already written on the'subject? If the latter,
we can get that here in the Congressional
Library and ask Spofford. I suppose all the
information that is printed on that subject we
can have here just as well as we can find it
there.
The debt of the Government and its obligations,
whether funded and ascertained and admitted, or
unadjusted and under discussion.
I apprehend, from what we have already
learned about the debt of that country and its
general financial condition, that this subject
alone would take months to be investigated to
the bottom. It is very doubtful whether they
have kept regular books there, and if they
have, whether they can be depended upon ;
and probably it will be as difficult for them in
San Domingo as it will be here; but if they
want to perform that task, together with the
investigation of all the meteorological phe-
nomena, together with the moral and mental
condition of the people, together with the san-
| itary condition of the country, and so 011. ad
! infinitum, certainly the short time they are
I expected to devote to itwill be entirely inade-
' quate to a conscientious discharge of so vast a
j duty.
I Therefore I think I am right in saying that
if this is meant as a serious thing it cannot be
done in thirty or sixty days ; and if it is done
in thirty or sixty days it might be done here
just a3 well as in San Domingo, and then we
might have the report to-morrow just as well
as two months hence, for the report we shall
receive two months hence will bo about as
trustworthy as the one which we might have
in an hour.
Mr. FLANAGAN, Mr. President, I am
opposed to the reference of this joint resolu-
tion, and I must say that if it he a humbug, as
it has been designated by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Missouri, it is a humbug of consider-
able age. It contemplates a doctrine that was
once a favorite doctrine of the American citi-
zen, more so than of citizens from other coun-
tries. It is the American doctrine; it is the
Monroe doctrine. I have from my infancy been
brought up to know none other in regard to this
continent, and i have a peculiar fondness for
it. I am all anxiety that at the proper period
the American Government shall acquire the
country whose annexation is suggested. There-
fore I look upon this as no humbug; there is
no fiction associated with it.
But, sir, the Senator from Missouri speaks
of the indefinite period, which he says he can-
not undertake to account for, that it will require
to obtain this information. There is one par-
ticular argument that I could instance by way
of answer to that. It is contemplated and
expressly declared in the resolution that the
commissioners, be they who they may, that arc
sent to investigate these questions, are not to
be paid. What does that contemplate? That
of itself contemplates men of ability, men of
reputation, men of business, and they are not
going to fritter away unnecessarily tiieir liim;
in the absence of a consideration, merelv their
expenses being paid. That would g.ve the
answer in a business point of view, in my opin-
ion, to the Senator's objection in that partic-
ular. _ The work would be briefly done. 1 do
not think, from what 1 now see, that much time
would be necessary, nor is there precedent, in
action heretofore, in the annexation of'Texas
or anything pertaining to this order of tilings
between the United States and any foreign Stale
or country for such business, requiring the lati-
tudinous time that is invoked on this occasion
by the Senator who designates the scheme as a
humbug.
