1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
The State of Maryland, in 4 Wheaton, 401,
Judge Marshall said:
" An exposition of the Constitution deliberately
established by legislative acts, on the faith ef whjch
an immense property has been advanced, ought not
to bo lightly disregarded."
And Mr. Webster, in the case of Gibbous
vs. Ogden, said:
"That the General Government should not seek to
operate where the States can operate with more
advantage to the community."
In Zabriskie's New Jersey Reports, Judge
Elmer delivered the opinion of the court,
which decided that the—
"Regulation of tolls on bridges and turnpike
roads and f.ires on railroads and ferries which are
used for communication and commerce between
States is part of the powers reserved to the States,
and is not delegated to the General Government."
In delivering the opinion of the Supreme
Court in the case of Cooley vs. The Port-
wardens of Philadelphia, in 12 Howard, Judge
Curtis said :
"The power to regulate commerce embraces a vast
field, containing not only many but exceedingly
various subjects, quite unlike in their nature, some
imperatively demanding asingle uniform rule," &c.
Which keeps prominent the idea of rules and
regulations. In the Passaic btidgo case, in 3
Wallace, the court said:
"That Congress had the delusive power to regu-
late commerce; but that has never been construed to
include the means by which commerce is carried on
within a State. Canals, furnpike-s bridges, and rail-
roads lire its necessary to the commerce between and
through the several States as rivers, yet Congress
has never pretended to regulate them."
It is here distinctly averred that the means
by which commerce is to be carried on is
entirely within the province of the States, and
has never been pretended to be in the General
Government. The creation of commerce—the
means by which it is carried on and promoted,
i'ro'ii their very nature, are possessed by the
Sfatc-s; no power can provide the means by
inland communication but that which pos-
snsses the eminent domain. The States not
only possess it, but they are nearer to the peo-
ple : the condition of the country, its conven-
iences and necessities, can alone be known
by the State governments, with which the
people have a closer, more direct, and intimate
connection than they have with the national
Government, which was more distinctly de-
signed to operate upon our external and for-
eign relations.
The clause in the Constitution which forbids
private property to be taken for public use
without compensation relates only to cases of
emergency urthe urgent necessities of the Gov-
ernment ; such as forage for horses and food
fur soldiers in time of war, when they could
not otherwise be procured; the seizing of a
house for attack or defense, or for destruc-
tion when near an enemy; the throwing up of
breast-works or fortifications when an attack
is expected or projected; but ill time of peace
no such power is claimed, because the necessity
does not exist; but sale and purchase prevail,
there being no eminent domain in the United
States Government.
As well might it be said that under the
power to lay and collect taxes to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare Congress may build houses, pur-
chase machinery, and engage in a system of
manufactures to.create fabrics for taxation.
The clause in the Constitution reads:
"To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
mnong tlio several States and with tho ludiau
tribes."
It is but one sentence ; the subject is single,
and as the word '* regulate" is used in relation
to foreign commerce, it has the same meaning
in reference to the States. How is it ordered
with foreign nations? Is it not by prescrib-
ing the rules by which it is governed and the
regulations in respect to its manner and oper-
ations? N ot by building ships and engaging in
trade ; not by creating commerce, but by gov-
erning it. The same idea pervades the trade or
commerce with the Indians. ' The rules and
{irudeutial regulations and precautions neces-
sary to their protection are proper subjects of
legislation, but not the creation of-railroads
and canals to originate and create commerce.
The same construction must be given to the
subject when applied to the States; they are
embraced in the same sentence, and the verb
"to regulate" applies in the same sense and
with the same force, to them. The rule may
be varied to suit the different subjects: foreign,
States, Indian tribes; but the power and the
nature of it cannot be enlarged or changed ;
that remains. It cannot rise higher, when
applied to the States, than when applied to
either of the other subjects of commerce. It
still remains to regulate and prescribe the
rules and terms by which commerce may be
prosecuted.
The people are to conduct trade and inter-
course with each other, and provide the ob-
jects and channels of communication; the
Government is to prescribe the rules for their
exercise. Commerce grows out of the neces-
sities of the people; they are mutually bound
to assist each other and contribute to the hap-
piness of their race. This is done by buying
and selling; by mutual supplies of different
articles and productions; by sales and ex-
changes. It is only the manner in which it
may be prosecuted that devolves a duty upon
the Government; the thing itself is with the
people, where it always has been. On the
ground of expediency, if the power existed in
the Constitution, it should not be exercised,
because it is not necessary, nor does the con-
venience of the public call for it. The pres-
ent road from Washington to Baltimore has
capacity to do twenty times the work now re-
quired of it. There is a double track to Philadel-
phia, the cars are comfortable and have every
accommodation that the comfort of passengers
may demand. It is the shortest road that
can be made between the said termini, unless
the Chesapeake bay and the Delaware river
were bridged, which would obstruct navigation.
The run is now made in a fraction of time ever
seven hours; comfort and dispatch characterize
the transportation of passengers. There is no
pretext of necessity or convenience that another
road should be built. Maryland subscribed
§500,000 to the main stem of the Baltimore
and Ohio road and more than that amount to
the Washington branch, and holds nearly two
millions of bonds of the company. We are
indebted to the enterprise of the Baltimore
aud Ohio Railroad Company and to the lib-
erality and public spirit of my State for the
facilities of travel now enjoyed to and from
this city. When the Baltimore and Washing-
ton road was made it was a hazardous experi-
ment: railroads were novelties almost untried
ill this country; the expenses of construction
were enormous, and capitalists hesitated to in-
vest funds in such new and perilous projects.
The road did not at first pay. Maryland also
took §7,000,000 of stock in the Chesapeake
and Ohio Canal Company, and there is now
due to my State in principal and interest
$20,000,000 of unproductive and non-interest
paving debt.
But according to the opinion of the Supreme
Court in 11 Peters's Reports, 104, in the cass
of New York es. Miller—
"Persons are not the subjects of commerce, and
not being: imported goods, they do not i&U within
the reasoning founded upon the construction of a
power ffiven to Congress to rejiuiate commerce, and
the prohibition of the Sutos from imposing a duty
on imported goods."
If Congress had the power under the Con-
stitution, which it clearly has list, it would bo
inexpedient to exercise it, as the trade between
Washington aud New York is inconsiderable,
having abundant facilities and means of trans-
portation, and the travel of passengers not
being comprehended in the regulation of com-
merce.
If Congress possessed the power to ma><e
railroads and canals in the States withouttheir
consent, the latter would never have con-
tributed their means; nor would the people,
under their sanction and authority, by a union
and combination of resources, have constructed
works of internal improvement. If, after a
work is completed, another power should step
in aud incorporate a company to construct a
similar work, and thus ruin by competition the
first enterprise, no prudent man would enter
upon such a perilous adventure. The power
of the General Government to make roads is
one to defeat and destroy all enterprise and
public spirit on the part of the people. Such
a power in its exercise would degrade and
enervate the States, and tend to centraliza-
tion and consolidation of power in the Federal
Government which would make the States
subservient, soon obliterate State lines, and
absorb all their functions ; a despotism would
be established upon their ruin and downfall;
and with the fall of the States civil liberty
would become extinct.
A power so vast, aggressive, and destructive
of State rights, sovereignty, and enterprise
never would have' been left to inference and
conjecture by the framers of the Constitution.
They were the guardians of State rights arid
independence, and undertook to enumerate
and specify the powers of the Federal Gov-
ernment so that nothing might be left to im-
plication and presumption. They solemnly
rejected a proposed grant to make canals,
wnich are instruments of commerce,  nd if
railroads had been known at the time and pro-
posed they would, as similar instruments have
been, as signally repudiated. The comment-
ators of the Constitution, its framers, the
courts—inferior and supreme—and the ablest
jurists aud statesmen have united in declaring
that no such power exists. The requisition
of the Constitution that grounds for forts,
arsenals, dock-yards, and light-houses shall
be purchased of the people of the States, and
that their jurisdiction shall extend over all
such purchased territory until voluntarily sur-
rendered; the right of eminent domain in the
States and its absence from the Federal Gov-
ernment; the limited authority of the latter,
and the reserved and unspecified powers of the
former ; the peculiar adaptation of such works
to State authority and power, and its want of
adaptation to the few objects of national juris-
diction, all serve to carry conviction to the
unbiased mind and judgment of the thought-
ful, the grave, the patriotic, and leave nothing
upon which a statesman can hang a doubt of
the exclusive power of the States over rail-
roads, turnpikes, and canals.
Mr. POMKtlOY. .1 find, on conversing with
Senators, that there are several gentlemen
who still desire to address the Senate on this
question. I believe we had better proceed to
the order of business for this day. By post-
poning for the day that for which the day was
assigned we disarrange all other assignments.
I find that for almost all this week and a part
of next week each day is particularly assigned
to some committee. Now, if we spend a day
on this bill, then the Committee on Claims
have 110 day at all, and the next day is occu-
pied, and so on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) What motion does the Senator
from Kansas submit?
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator that he allow us to vote on this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been trying to see
if we could not vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think we can in a
very short time.
Mr. POMEROY. I have become convinced
tbei e is no vote to be taken at present.
Mr. SUMNER. Why so ?
Mr. POMEROY. Because I find that sev-
eral Senators desire to address the Senate.
Why have we not voted since one o'clock?
Mr. SUMNER. I supposed there was no
Senator on the floor ^except my friend from
Maiyland who desired to speak.
.Mr. POMEROY. There are several pre-
pared to speak on this question.
