194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
Bat there is another reason why members
of Congress should not be appointed upon it.
I take it for granted that it members of Con-
gress, in-pursuance of this intimation, were
appointed upon, this commission some mem-
ber of the Senate would be appointed upon it,
or perhaps it may be intended to take them all
from the Senate. Now, sir, the country knows
that every member of the Senate has already
adjudged this question, and adjudged it upon
his oath. The country, moreover, knows that
there is adecided difference of opinion between
the Executive and the Senate upon this ques-
tion. It is to be presumed that there is just as
large a difference of opinion in the country
among our constituents as there is in the Sen-
ate. Therefore, if this commission is to be
appointed at all it ought to be appointed from
anfong men who have not adjudged the ques-
tion; or if it is to be appointed at ali it ought
to have upon it a representation of all the
phases of opinion upon the question; and if
the appointment is to be made in the manner
now provided by this resolution we have, at
least in the present, no assurance that that will
be the case. The remark dropped by the Sen-
ator from Indiana in regard to the probable
composition of this commission induces me
to vote for a reference of the resolution to a
committee, apart from all the other important !
considerations that might be urged in favor j
of it. j
Mr. President, it is a wide departure that we j
are asked to take from the original policy of I
' the Government. It was at one time made a j
question, and a very serious one, whether Con-
gress had the right to acquire territory at all.
We all know that Air. Jefferson, when it was
proposed to acquire Louisiana, if not in his
public messages in his private letters, said that
there was no power vested in Congress to ac-
quire it, even although it was a great com-
mercial necessity, and he advised his friends
to violate the letter of the Constitution and
depend upon the people for an amendment
afterward to justify it. But now we are asked
not simply to annex territory within the con-
tinent, out to go outside and commence the
policy of insular acquisition. That policy is
well worth inquiring into before we send a
commission to investigate the physical and
mental and moral condition of the people who
inhabit the island which we are asked to annex.
But I do not go into that question; I do not
go into the character of the people, a3 some
of us have had it represented to us in com-
munications that we cannot lay before the pub-
lic ; but I do ask that if we are to have a com-
mission it shall not be of those who have not
only adjudged, but perhaps prejudged the ques-
tion ; and for this reason 1 shall vote to refer
the resolution to the committee.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, I cer-
tainly have no disposition to make any factious
opposition to this resolution. I think, how-
ever, that it should be referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, that the committee
may at least decide as to the question of the
time which this commission shall occupy in the
investigation of these questions.
What are the facts? We have had a treaty
brought before the Senate for the annexation
of Dominica. All the facts upon which the
President acted in negotiating that treaty are
before the President of the United States, and
it is in his power to communicate ail those facts
to the Senate of the United States on the call
of the Senator from Massachusetts. If those
facts were sufficient to justify the President of
the United States in negotiating the treaty for
the annexation of that island, they are suffi-
cient for the action of the Senate when the
subject is brought before the Senate. If they
are not sufficient for the Senate of the United
States, then, sir, they were not sufficient for
the President of the United States in negotiat-
ing the treaty, and 110 treaty ever should have
been negotiated without a fuller knowledge of
the facts.
It seems to me that this is a point which we
have overlooked in this discussion. The Pres-
ident has all the facts on which the original
treaty was negotiated, and he can communicate
them to the Senate upon the call of the Senator
from Massachusetts. If they were sufficient
for him in his action they should be sufficient
for the Senate of the United Statesinits action.
If sufficient facts are not accessible to us here
in Washington, then the facts were not suffi-
cient to justify the Administration in negotiat-
ing the treaty which was placed before us for
our action.
Now, sir, some of the facts called for in this
resolution, I apprehend, cannot be obtained in
the island, even if the commission should go
there. I think the commislion should have a
wider range, and it should be allowed to inquire
into the facts wherever accessible, whether in
the island, in Washington, in New York, orin
any other place where the facts are accessible.
I would not have it confined to the island of
Dominica. Give them a full range, and give
them time enough to develop all the facts to
the country aud to the Senate, so thatwe may
act intelligently when we are called upon to act.
This resolution directs the commissioners to
inquire as to "the terms and conditions on
: which the Dominican Government may desire
j to be annexed to and become part of the Uni-
' ted States, as one of the Territories thereof; "
not '"one of the States thereof," but "one of
the Territories thereof." Do we not know
already the terms and conditions 011 which the
Dominican Government desire to be annexed
to and become part of the United States?
We were told so. The treaty itself, which was
! before us was sufficient evidence—-at any rate
it ought to have been—of the terms and con-
ditions on which the people of that island are
willing to become partand parcel of the United
States.
Mr. MORTON. Possibly they may have
changed.
Mr. PATTERSON. If they are liable to
change in three months they are hardly fit for
annexation at any time or in any condition.
Thej'need more discipline and education.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If the Senator will allow
me, I will ask him if the chief objection made
to the treaty negotiated between the United
States and San Domingo was not that we did
not possess the necessary information to en-
able us to act in favor of that treaty ?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire ought to answer
that question.
| Mr. SHERMAN. It i3 not proper to dis-
I cuss in open session anything that may have
i been said or done in-executive session. The
j fact that such a treaty was before the Senate
] maybe alluded to, inasmuch as it was referred
| to in the President's annual message.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought of putting the
same question to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire; but an answer to it would bring out
that which he has no right to say anything
about here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order made by the Senators
from Ohio and Kansas.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it that every Sena-
tor has a right to state what he eaid himself
in executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
! cot so rule in regard to what occurred in execu-
I tive session. That would be too broad a ruling.
II As to what Senators may say outside of the
!j Chamber the Chair is not the judge; but cer-
>! tainly in legislative session it is not proper to
11 disclose what has been stated in executive ses-
jl sion unless the injunction of secrecy has been
|j removed. In this case the President himself
! has disclosed the fact, and made it public, that
there had been a treaty pending before the
Senate. The Chair thinks, therefore, it is not
out of order, as it had become public by the
action of the Executive, to allude to such a
treaty.
Mr. PATTERSON. I had stated about all
that I cared to state. I said when I began
that I did not care to make any factious oppo-
sition to this resolutionbut if the resolution
is to pass, 1 desire sufficient power given to the
commission to ascertain all the facts which
they are required to ascertain, whether they
are to be found in the island, in New York, in
Washington, or elsewhere, and I wish to give
them ali the time necessary. Some amend-
ments to the resolution may be necessary, and
therefore I think it proper that it should go to
a committee.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
from New Hampshire and to other Senators
that if it will make this resolution more accept-
able to require these commissioners to be con-
firmed by the Senate, I have no sort of objec-
tion to it, and will accept that amendment at
once.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word to say
on this sabject. This motion to refer to the
Committee on Foreign Relations takes me by
surprise. It is rather unusual to refer a reso-
lution seeking for information to a committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me remind the Senator
that this is a joint resolution creating a com-
mission.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; Iunderstand
that; but it is a resolution seeking for inform-
ation not existing within the limits of the Uni-
ted States. The resolution of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts calls for inform-
ation within our Department of State, and I
shall vote for it with great pleasure; but here
is a resolution calling for information outside
of the bounds of the United States. It is not
a question upon which a committee can give
us any information. Every member of this
body is as able to judge of a question of that
kind as the most distinguished committee of
the body. It is rather unusual to refer a reso-
lution calling for information to a committee.
Every day resolutions are introduced and
passed, involving questions of far more im-
portance even than the annexation of San
Domingo.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator thinks not;
but 1 have never been able to magnify this lit-
tle island into the great importance that other
Senators have. We have passed resolutions
calling for information involving every ques-
tion of national and international and consti-
tutional law from all Departments of our Gov-
ernment, and have passed them wiihout any
suggestion of a reference to a committee. It
seems to me that the information called for
by this resolution, without regard to the merits
of the proposition of annexation, we ought to
have before we are called upon to vote on that
question.
We arenot at liberty to state whatinfluenced
our action in executive session, but 1 am at
liberty to say that 1 did not vote for the treaty ;
I did not vote upon it at all; and I am pre-
pared to say that I so acted because the in-
formation was not given on either side. I
found Senators here who had very definite
opinions pro and con. They have a light,
perhaps, to disclose the fact that they them-
selves have taken position 011 the subject,
but not the ground of their opinion. But there
were Senators here who believed that there
was not sufficient information in this country,
and the circumstances under which the treaty
was negotiated, and the peculiar terms of the
treaty, created doubt and hesitation in the
absence of fuller information.
Now, it does seem to me that we ought not
to consume too much time in this collateral
question. The question is not whether we will
annex Dominica to theUnited States of Amer-
ica, either as a State or as   Territory, but the
question is whether we will obtain such facts
and information in regard to the political con-
dition of that country as will enable the Sen-
ate or Congress, and the President himself, to
judge fairly whether it is wise or not to annex
