1870.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19o
her. But, I repeat, there is no resolution of
inquiry, either in this country or abroad, that
I would not vote for with great pleasure. I
shall vote for this resolution, but at the same
time I desire to express my assent to the prop-
osition made by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scott.] I would not allow the
President of the United States to designate,
anjr one from among us to seek information
upon which we are to act. It seems to me
there is a question of delicacy involved in that
proposition. Therefore I do not think this
commission ought to be appointed from mem-
bers of Congress, or from officers of the Army,
who are dependent, more or less, upon the
will of the President.
I should like to see three commissioners
selected from the most distinguished men in
this country outside of political life, and such
compensation given to them as will justify them,
without personal sacrifice, in going to Domin-
ica to obtain this information. Let them report
it to us. It need not be a long process. It need
not lake six years nor six months to know all
about Dominica. My honorable friend from
Missouri [Mr. Schurz] knew all about it in
two or three months, or obtained information
sufficient at least to enable him to form a very
positive and very decided opinion on the ques-
tion ; and my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
SumnerJ formed an opinion on this subject in
aboutthree weeks, which, I have no doubt, will
answer him for all his life. But the material
facts in regard to the history, character, and
condition of this island might be readily ascer-
tained by a commission of such intelligent men.
For instance, I might suggest the name of Mr.
Agassiz as eminent in science, although, per-
haps, he is a person who would not be selected
for this position ; but I would take men 
Mr. SUMNER. Like General Sherman. I
should like to have General Sherman on the
commission.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps my honorable
friend knows that General Sherman has a very
decided opinion on the subject, and when he
has formed an opinion he is almost as decided
as the Senator from Massachusetts; so that that
would not be exactly fair. No, sir; Ihopethat
no officer of the Army will be selected, but that
three eminent men will be taken, that they may
go there and givfe us, not in elaborate detail,
but in general, the information that is sought
for by this resolution, and with that each Sen-
ator or each member, as the case may be, should
the question go before the other House, may
decide upon his conscience and upon tiie in-
formation that is thus furnished him. This is
the view that I take of it; and with this view I
shall vote for this resolution, and probably for
any other that will throw light upon the subject.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, this
is unlike an ordinary resolution of inquiry. It
proposes the appointment of commissioners
to perform certain duties, and the question is
suggested here whether it is right and proper
that those commissioners shall be appointed
from this body or from the other House of
Congress. That is a question which, it seems
to me, should go to acommittee, that they may
determine and report their views upon it.
Another thing is suggested. This resolution
proposes that the commissioners shall perform
their duties without compensation. There ap-
pears to be objection to that measure by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, and very properly.
That is a question which should go to a com-
mittee to determine it, so far as they are able
to determine it, and present their views upon
that as well as upon the other point to this
body. I therefore hope that the resolution will
be referred.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, wa seem to
have a Government of development in relation
to its powers. As was suggested by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, when the subject of
acquiring foreign territory was first named in
the administration of the Government Mr.
Jefferson took the ground that the Government
itself by the treaty-making power had no right
to acquire foreign territory ; but he was so fully
impressed with the importance and necessity
of the acqaisition of Louisiana that he recom-
mended an amendment to the Constitution to
clothe the Government with that power. His
recommendation was not heeded; the treaty
was made and ratified; and th© vast territory
of Louisiana was annexed quietly and with the
general assent of the people of the United
States. It may therefore be received as a
settled principle of our Government that the
treaty-making power has the right to acquire
foreign territory.
The question so remained, and that was the
judgment of the Anmnofm people, until the
proposition to annex Texas was presented to
the consideration of Congress and the people
of the United States. There was a treaty
first negotiated by Mr. Calhoun for the acqui-
sition of Texas, and that treaty was laid by
President Tyler before the Senate for its ac-
tion, either of ratification or rejection. The
treaty was rejected by the action of the Sen-
ate. After that action a joint resolution was
introduced to annex Texas as a State of the
Union—not as a Territory, but as a State
of the Union; and the only power that was
relied upon to authorize Congress to admit
Texas was that single provision of the Con-
stitution which authorizes Congress to admit
States into this Union. It was my fortune at
that time to be a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives. I opposed that resolution and
made a speech against it. The resolution
passed, and Texas came into the Union as a
State; and from that time it may be received
as the settled principle of the Government of
the United States, by that precedent, that, for-
eign territory may be admitted into the Union,
not as territory, but as a State, and in no
other form or character.
The President of the United States so seems
to consider this subject in his annual message.
We know that he negotiated a treaty with what
is called the Government of Dominica, but
which it is a burlesque and an abuse of language
to call a Government at all. He sent a com-
missioner there to negotiate a treaty for the
acquisition of the territory of Dominica, and
the manner in which that treaty was negotiated,
and in which the pretended authorities of that
portion of the island of San Domingo were
induced to give their consent and approbation
to such a treaty, was more of a burlesque, more
of a shame and a reproach to our Government,
than the commissioning of an embassador to
negotiate such a treaty. That treaty was laid
before the Senate. It received the deliberate
and protracted consideration of the Senate.
Without violation of duty I may say that one
of the ablest debates I ever listened to in either
House of Congress was produced by the sub-
mission of that treaty to the Senate. After all
the light and instruction which that debate laid
before the members of the Senate the treaty
was rejected, and its rejection as a treaty was
in fact a finality by the vote of the Senate upon
the question of its ratification, and it is so con-
sidered by the President in his annual message.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator this question, if it is in order: whether
that treaty did not receive a majority of all the
votes in the Senate'/
The vice PRESIDENT, ihe Chair thinks
that question can scarcely be in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I think so myself. _ 1 heartily
concur with the Chair in that decision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The injunction
of secrecy has not been removed from the pro-
ceedings of the Senate, and the only disclosure
made was made in the President's message
that there was a treaty on the subject which was
rejected by the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, sir, this is a favorite
pet measure of the President of the United
States. He ought to have been satisfiedwith
the rejection of the treaty which he negotiated
for the annexation of Dominica. He ought
to have submitted himself to the judgment of
the Senate, and to the deliberate judgment of
the country which came to the Senate to sus-
tain its action in rejecting that treaty. But ha
did not do so. He comes to the charge delib-
erately, and after much consideration and anx-
iety, in his annual message, and he there pro-
poses, in substance if not in form, that Con-
gress by joint resolution shall provide for I ho
acquisition of Dominica as a part of the Uni-
ted States; not by the treaty-making power,
but by the action of the two Houses of Con-
gress. He does not propose, nor even con-
template in that message, that Dominica shall
be admitted as a State. He had not the hardi-
hood, the audacity, to submit to the Congress
of the United States that they should receive
Dominica as a State into the Union. He
would not so insult the understanding and the
dignity of Congress, the understanding and the
rights of the American people, as to make
any such monstrous proposition. Still there
is a general vague and covert proposition that
Dominica shall be received into the Union by
joint resolution of Congress, and as he in
effect repudiates and does not give any counte-
nance to the idea of its admission by joint reso-
lution as a State into the Union, what is the
effect and purpose of the'President's elaborate
consideration and dissertation upon that sub-
ject in his message? Simply that Congress
shall advance beyond the principle and the
provision of the Constitution, beyond all the
precedents, and admit Dominica, not as a
State into the Union, but as a Territory whose
inhabitants are incompetent to take upon them-
selves the duties and responsibilities of citi-
zens of the United States in the business of
self-government in adopting a constitution and
acting the part of a State in the Union. ^
That is the purpose of the President; that
is his recommendation ; that is his proposition.
It is in furtherance of that proposition, as 1
understand, that this joint resolution has been
introduced. It is simply to take up this furtive,
unconstitutional project of the President, to
be effected without authority of the Constitu-
tion, and perverting and usurping its powers
by Congress assuming the prerogative of the
treaty-making power in admitting into the
Union, as a Territory, territory that now t'orins
part of a foieign country, ft is to forward
and give impetus, strength, and power to rli;s
covert and monstrous proposition that this
resolution is introduced.
Are Senators ready to subordinate the power
of the Senate to such a purpose, to such a pro-
ject? Suppose the honorable Senator from
Indiana should introduce a joint resolution
to-morrow " that the country called Dominica,
a part of the island of San Domingo, be, am!
the same is hereby, annexed to the United
States of America as a part of the terntoiy
thereof," where is the Senator who would
stand up and avow his willingness to support
such a proposition? And yet it is to forward
this monstrous proposition, to give it strength
and a better chance for success, it is to minis-
ter to the pet project of the President, that 1
understand this resolution will operate. 1 do
not say that that is the motive with which it is
introduced; but I say that will be the effect,
and the only effect, of the passage of such a
resolution. Why should gentlemen who be-
lieve that the Constitution does not authorize
such a resolution as that, to acquire foreign
territory, not to admit it as a State into the
Union, but simply to acquire foreign territory-
why should gentlemen who maintain the posi
tion that Congress has no such power give this
resolution the least countenance, when its only
object is to effect such a monstrous and uncon-
stitutional project? '
The honorable Senator from Ohio says that
it is unusual to refer resolutions of mquiiy,
resolutions that seek information, to a com-
mittee. I admit that where the Departments
of the Government are possessed ot informa-
tion which is desirable to either House of Con-
