1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i02i
tho contractors have, not been paid the amounts
duo them either by the United States or the State
of Nebraska.
Mr. IIOWE. I ought to say that I myself
was opposed to that bill, but a majority of the
committee reported it. It has already been
considered, and I suppose the Senate is pre-
pared to vote on it one way or the other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Letthe report
be read.
Mr. HOWE. I guess there is no written
report. The bill is to pay for some materials
which were sold by these merchants in St.
Louis to build the capitol building of Nebraska
Territory. Congress appropriated $50,000 to
build public buildings there. The Territory
went on to expend that money in building a
capitol, and they bought these goods to put
into the capitol and did not pay for them. I
suppose the appropriation was exhausted before
the account was presented. It was the opinion
of the committee that Congress ought to pay
it. I thought Nebraska ought to pay it.
Mr. SCOTT. This bill was in charge of the
lute Senator from Missouri, Mr. Jewett, and
I am under the impression that it is now in
charge of the present Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Blair. J I am not sure of that, however.
1 examined the case. The chairman of the
committee has stated that there is no written
report. My impression is that there is a writ-
ten report accompanying the bill from the
House of Representatives. But from the ex-
amination which I gave to the claim it pre-
sents this case: $50,000 was appropriated by
Congress for the purpose of building a State-
house in Nebraska. A contract was made with
these parties, principally for iron castings, to
be delivered in St. Louis, and the only ques-
tion which, after examination, presented itself
to my mind was whether the evidence was suffi-
cient to show that the materiils had been deliv-
ered. For the purpose of meeting that question
an amendment was placed on the bill which
required evidence to satisfy the Secretary of
the Treasury that they were delivered and
were not paid for before this payment should
be made. My impression is that the bill in its
present form will secure justice to the par-
ties who made the contract and delivered the
materials, and sufficiently protect the interests
of the Government.
Mr. THDRMAN. I wish to make an in-
quiry. As I understand, the order now is to
take up bills reported by the Committee on
Claims, and I desire to know if they are to be
taken up in the order in which they stand on
the Calendar?
Mr. HOWE. No: I cannot very well call
them up in the order in which they stand on
the Calendar and do justice to the claimants.
I think the first bills acted upon should be
those which have passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, and after those are disposed of, if
there should be any time, tny desire is to con-
sider those Senate bills which will lead to the
least debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that lay the
usage of the Senate when a day is assigned to
a committee the chairman of that committee
designates, subject of course to a vote of the
Senate, the bills that he desires called up in
their order.
Mr. THHUMAN. So I understood ; and that
is my reason for making the inquiry of the
chairman, to know in what order be intended
to take up these bills.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, when Ne-
braska was a Territory this appropriation was
made for building a State-house. The mate-
ria! was purchased. The iron castings went
into the building at Omaha. I have seen the
eastings myself. They were not paid for.
This bill allows an investigation of the claim,
the payment not to exceed $8,000. I think
there is equity aud justice iti it to the men
who furnished the castings. We got them; I
they were not paid for by the agent of the
Government or by the agent of the Territory.
I hope the bill will pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is I
on the passage of the bill. i
The bill was
mary a. ripley.
Mr. HOWE. I move to proceed to the con-
sideration of House bill No. 2710.
Thg motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 2710) for the relief of Mary A. Ripley
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment of $720 to Mary
A. Ripley in full for all claims for services,
expenditures, and expenses while acting as
a nurse in the service of the United States
from September, 18Gl,to the close of the war
in 1865.
Mr. HOWE. That bill is reported adversely
by the Committee on Claims, and I move its
indefinite postponement.
The VICE PRESIBENT. If no division is
demanded the bill will be regarded as rejected.
It is rejected.
robert t. kirkpatrick.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 209.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 209)
authorizing the Secretary of War to audit and
pay the claim of Robert T. Kirkpatrick, a loyal
citizen of Tennessee. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of War to examine and pay the
claim of Robert T. Kirkpatrick, of Nashville,
Tennessee, for materials taken and used by
military order in building a fort for the defense
of the city; but the amount so allowed is not
to exceed the sum of §20,523, and is to be
final.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that one of the con-
troverted cases of war claims?
Mr. SCOn\ There is a written report
accompanying the bill from the House of
Representatives, and probably it had better
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Scott, from the Committee
on Claims, on the 20th of June, 1870:
The facts, as shown by the proof on file in this ease,
are briefly as follows:
On the 23d day of April, 1863. General J. D. Morgan
appointed a board of appraisers, consisting of Gen-
eral A. 0. Giilern, A. V. S. Lindsley, and Edward II.
East, loyal citizens, who were ordered to appraise
the house and grounds of Robert X. Kirkpatrick, a
true, loyal citizen of Nashville, Tennessee, and assess
the value of and damages that would result to the
same from the construction of military works upon
said property. The assessed value aud damages, as
per report of the above-mentioned appraisers, was
§20.523.
The proof further shows that on the 2Stli of April,
18t>3, Lieutenant George Burroughs, of the United
States engineers, gave the said Kirkpatrick notice
to leave the premises, so that the work on the pro-
posed fort mightbecommenced. Kirkpatrick states
under oath that he v.'as subject to an expense of some
$1,500, by reason of being compelled to leave his
premises and rent a house elsewhere.
James E. Willett, late major United States vet-
eran volunteers, engineer, states under oath that he
examined the premises before their demolition. and
estimated, the buildings as worth, at that time, $25,000.
He states he is acquainted with the value of build-
ings, beinsr an architect and civil engineer. Major
General George H. Thomas states Kirkpatrick is
entitled to indemnification for the use of his prop-
eity. as ho now is and always has been loyaJ to the
UnitedStates. The loyalty of this claimant is further
proved by Governor Brownlow and many others.
General Roaeerans assured the claimant that he would
he paid for the same.
The property of Itnssel Houston and Ambrose
Morrison was embraced within the limits of the same
fort as was the claimant's. Houston and Morrison
have long since heen paid for their property accord-
ing to appraisement
The claims commission organized by order of
Secretary Stanton examined and allowed the claim
of Kirkpatrick. General Grant, having been ap-
pointed Secretary of War ad interim, sent the award
to the Judge Advocate General of the Army, who,
after reciting the favorable action of the claims
commission in the ease, states that "in his •pinion
the War Department lias no legal authority for the
settlement of claims of this nature, whieh should, it i
is believed, be referred to the legislative branoh of i
the Government for such action as may be deemed
demanded."
The committee have no doubt of the justice of the
claim, and that it was a fair contract entered into
between the officers of the Government and the
. claimant. There is no doubt as to the loyalty of
i! Kirkpatrick during and since the close of the rebel-
I lion. The committee therefore report the aeeom-
i( panying resolution. *
>j The joint resolution was reported to the
jj Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
i reading, read the third time, and passed,
jj ii. LAWRENCE SCOTT.
f Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate now
j! proceed to the consideration of House bill
j No. 794.
J: The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
jj R. No. 794) for the relief of H. Lawrence
|l Scott, late agent for the sale of internal reve-
jj nue stamps in the thirteenth district of Penn-
jl sylvania, was considered as in Committee of
j, the Whole. It requires the proper accounting
|l officers of the Treasury to pay to H. Lawrence
t' Scott, late agent ior the sale of internal rev-
j| enue stamps in the thirteenth congressional
!! district of Pennsylvania, the sum of $1,229 81,
for that amount, of stamps stolen from him aud
since accounted for with the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
Mr. CORBETT. Is there a report in that
case?
Mr. HOWE. There is no written report*
Mr. CORBETT. What are the facts?
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Rhode
Island will state the facts.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It appears these stamps
were placed in a safe in a building which was
supposed to be the safest place that could be
found for the purpose. The building was
broken into, and the parties occupying the
building lost a large amount of property, in-
cluding these stamps, whieh had been depos-
ited there as the safest place in which to put
them. From the proof before them the com-
mittee could not do less than report in favor
of this appropriation. The stamps were placed
with these bankers, the safes were blown open,
and their own property taken, including these
stamps.
Mr. CORBETT. Were they deposited in a
banking-house?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir; and the bank
was broken into and a portion of the property
of the bank taken by the robbers, as well as
the property of this officer. The proof was
conclusive as to the facts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MUS. CAROLINE G. GARDNER.
Mr. IIOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1274.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (If.
Ii. No. 1274) for the relief Mrs. Caroline <i.
Gardner, widow of Brevet Brigadier General
John L. Gardner, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for paving
to Mrs. Caroline G. Gardner, widow of Brevet
Brigadier General John L. Gardner. Sl,5o4,
being two and a half percent, on $t>2,ltil 91
assessed and collected by him while exercising
a civil duty by order of Major General Scott
during the time the city of Mexico was in pos-
session of the troops of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third .reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ABRA3I Q, SNYDER.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 2U6.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. B. No. 266) for the relief
of Abram G. Snyder, of the Watervliet arsenal,
at West Troy, New York. The Secretary of
the Treasury is directed by the bill to pay to
A.bram Gv Snyder, of the Watervliet arsenal,
