1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
West Troy, New York* tbe sum of $10,000,
in fall for all claims, heretofore and hereafter,
against the Government for the invention and
the use of the Snyder bullet machine in the
United States arsenals.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment, to strii?e out " $10,000,"
in line seven, and insert "$5,000."
The amendment, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
PARDON VOItSLY.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 225.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (H. It. No. 225) for the relief of
Pardon Worsly was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is a direction to the
Secretary of the Treasury to return to Par-
don Worsly $7,864 37. the proceeds of certain
United States bonds and notes and local bank
notes produced as evidence by him on the trial
of Moses Weisenfeldt and others, before a mili-
tary court in 1864, and transferred by L. C.
Turner, judge advocate, to the Treasurer of
(he United States on the 24th of February,
1865, and sold and covered into the Treasury
of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. That jointresolutionisreported
adversely from the Committee on Claims, and
I move its indefinite postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
JOIIN WILSON.
Mr. IIOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2250.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 2250) for the relief of John Wilson
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the payment to John Wilson of
$3,000 for his services in superintending and
directing the preparation of maps of the land
States, for the use of the Committee on the
Public Lands of the House of Representa-
tives, under a resolution of May 4, 1848.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
william buck.
Air. If OWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 4G5.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint
resolution (II. 11. No. 465) for the relief of
William Buck, late surgeon of the sixth Maine
infantry volanteeis, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It require^ ihe Third
Auditor of the Treasury to open <iie claim of
William liiick, late surgeon of the sixth Maine
infantry volunteers, being horse claim No.
13973, and to audit and allow it upon the evi-
dence on file in the case ; and it also requires
the Secretary of War to pass the claim after
being audited, and to pay it out of any money
appropriated for expenditures in the War De-
partment not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HOWE. Thisjointresolution isreported
adversely from the Committee on Claims. I
move that it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
JANKS, i'OIVLER, KIRTLAND AND COMPANY.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
16(57.
The motion was agreed to; and the hill (II.
R. No. 1667) for the relief of Janes, Fowler,
Kirtland & Company was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provide.-s for the
payment to Janes, Fowler, Kirtland & Com-
pany, of New York, contractors for building
the Come of the Capitol at Washington, of
$60,000, in full satisfaction of all claim for
losses or damages arising from the action of
the Government in stopping, ordering, and
directing the construction of the work.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CITIZENS OF LOCDOUN COUNTY, VIRGINIA.
Mr. HOWE. That concludes the House
bills. I now move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 685.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the 'Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 685) for the
relief of loyal citizens of Loudoun county, Vir-
ginia, therein named.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say, in calling the
bill up, that I think it was read on a previous
occasion, and the character of it was ex-
plained by the Senator from West Virginia,
[Mr. Willey.] If it is^oing to lead to de-
bate I think we ought to pass it over, but I
shall not make that motion unless the Senator
from West Virginia consents to it.
Mr. WILLEY. I think a moment's explan-
ation will cause this bill so to receive the favor
of the Senate that thev will not either discuss
it or ask that it be postponed. I will state in
a few words what its general character is.
In 1864 General Sheridan issued an order
directing certain officers to seize all the live
stock in the county of Loudoun, lying along
the Potomac river, a county in Virginia never
within the enemy's lines, but which was a com-
mon ground for guerrillas and the foraging
parties of the enemy; a rich county, well
endowed with stock and supplies, whence our
enemies within the lines came out occasionally
and seized property for their supplies. In
obedience to that order the officer to whom it
was addressed went through the county of
Loudoun, inhabited mostly by Quakers, loyal,
industrious, provident men, and appointed
three appraisers before the property was taken
from the premises in every case, loyal men,
who appraised the property and who gave to
the parties a certificate after having proved
their loyalty to the satisfaction of the officer
in command. The Government, authorities
took this property to Harper's Ferry and to
Martinsburg. They selected the fat cattle and
fat sheep and sent them to the shambles to be
slaughtered for the use of the Army, and the
horses that were fit for service were turned over
to the Army. The residue of the live stock
they diove to York, in Pennsylvania, and sold,
and the net proceeds of the sale of that prop-
erty amounted to some $34,000, which from
that time to this has been in the Treasury
of the United States and used by the United
States.
That is the character of these claims. There
are about one hundred and eighty-one of them,
I think, altogether. The committee went
through each claim separately and distinctly,
and that there may be no misapprehension
about the character of the claims and how they
were authenticated, if Senators have not the
report of the committee before them, I will
read how each claim is authenticated.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask the
Senator whether this county was one of the
counties declared to be in insurrection at that
time ?
Mr. WILLEY. It was one of the counties
within the Slate of Virginia, I believe.
Mr. CONKLING. The whole State was
declared to be in insurrection.
Mr. WILLEY. Certain counties were not
included.
Mr. CARPENTER. Was this one of the
excepted counties?
Mr. WILLEY. I think not; but the fact
was' that this county was never within the
enemy's lines.
Mr. HOWARD. Was it not included in the
President's proclamation?
Mr. WILLEY. I might as well read the
order of General Sheridan.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to know from
the Senator, was not this county of Loudoun
included within the limits mentioned in Mr.
Lincoln's proclamation?
Mr. WILLEY. I am not certain whether it
was exempted or not. There were certain
counties exempted.
Mr. HOWARD. That is a very important
inquiry.
Mr.' WILLEY. Mr. President, it strikes
me the important inquiry 13 this : were these
men friendly to the Government? Were they
loyal citizens? Were they, if the Senator
pleases, within the enemy's lines, outside of the
control of the Federal Government? The facts
show that they were always loyal ; that they
were always subject to the Government of the
United States ; that the exercise of the author-
ity of the United States was never withdrawn
from them or hindered from being exercised
over them ; that in this condition of affairs,
in order to cripple the enemy by destroying
the source of their supplies, the fame -as if
this county had been in Pennsylvania or
Maryland, General Sheridan issued an order
directing his officers to burn all the barns,
all the mills, all the haystacks, and all the
grain of these loyal citizens. None of that
class of claims, however, are included in this
bill. It is only for live stock taken and driven
away and appraised under the direction of
General Devin, who himself selected three
loyal appraisers in each case. The loyalty of
each party was established ; the account was
stated, and the certificate of appraisement is
attached to each one. The loyalty of each
citizen whose claim is included in this bill is
proved beyond controversy. The bill is for
the amount thus appraised. The evidence
shows that the cattle were slaughtered and
issued in supplies to the Army, or they were
driven into Pennsylvania and sold and the
money handed over to the Treasury of the
United States.
That is the character of each of these claims,
and it strikes me they are such claims as we
cannot afford to deny. Wo have been so Ipu-
ient in the administration of the powers of this
Government that we have not confiscated nn;
cent of a single enemy's property since those
enemies laid down their arms ; and yet her'.' is
a practical confiscation of loyal men's prop-
erty; their stock driven from their farms,
slaughtered, and issued in supplies to the
Army, or, to the extent of $34,000, sold, and
the money in the Treasury of the United States
to-day. Can the United States Government
afford for one moment to deny justice to loval
citizens who have suffered in this way? I think
not.
These accounts have been carefully, rigidly
scrutinized. There is a certification 0*1 the
appraisers in every individual instance, ami
the accounts are proved beyond controversy,
both as to the loyalty of the claimants and as
to the amount specified in this bill. This is
not a bill to compensate them for the destina-
tion of the barns, or the mills, or the houses,
or anything of that kind. It is only for the
live stock driven away and issued, after being
slaughtered, to the Army, or sold, and the
proceeds now lying in tha Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WILLEY. Ceiuiinly.
Mr.. CARP ENTER. In itis opinion is there
any distinction between this claim for the live
stock driven away, and the claim for the prop-
erty that was destroyed on the^e farms? ff
this Government is liable in the one case, is
it not also liable in the other?
Mr. WILLEY.. That is my opinion, dis-
tinctly and unequivocally.
. Mr. CARPENTER. That there is 110 dis-
tinction ?
