1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
Mr. WILLF1Y. I think there is no distinc-
tion in principle; but the committee instructed
me to make two bills, and I did so, It was
thought there might be hesitation on the part
of Congress to pay for property that wus
destroyed and from which the United States
received no benefit, except in so far as the
destruction of that property crippled the oper-
ations of the enemy. But in this case it had
the double foree of not only crippling the
operations of the enemy by placing it beyond
their power to appropriate this property to
themselves, but the benefit of the property
taken has directly gone to the use of the Uni-
ted States : §34,000 of the money for which
it was sold has entered into the Treasury of
the United States and the cattle and sheep
were slaughtered and issued as supplies to the
Army of the Uniied States. Can we afford
in a case like that to hesitate a moment to
pay these loyal men ? I think not.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to bear the
bill read.
Mr. W1LLEY. It has been read once.
Mr. HOWE. It includes a long list of names.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let the bill be read,
omitting the names, so that we may see what
it proposes to do.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Be it enacted, &c„ That out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated the Secretary
ot tho Treasury do p.iy to the followinsr-named loyal
citizens of Loudoun county. Virginia, in cousidera-
tion of their live stock seized by t no military autOor-
ities of the United states, in conformity^ with an
order of .\bijor General Sneridan, dated November
27, iS64, and partly slaughtered and used by the
armies of the United States, and partly sold, and tbe
proceeds of sale paid into the'i'reasuryot tbelimted
States, the sum of Sol.SJl 13, as follows, to wit,
Mr. MOUHILL. of Vermont. I believe the
circumstances under which the claims of the
parties interested in this bill are brought before
Congress are peculiar to themselves. As I
understand the case, it is a bill for the relief
of certain citizens of Loudoun county, Vir-
ginia, who were Quakers, and therefore, most
assuredly, Union people. I have not investi-
gated the claim. It, is establishing an import-
ant principle : but I ft-el strongly inclined to
Mtplx.rt n. the principle is that we will pay
f.,i- property of loyal citizens taken by the
Army in the enemy's country : and that is all
there is of it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to appear
to be officious m this matter; I have "not ex-
amined this bill ; but I can see that Congress
is advancing step by step almost imperceptibly.
Every ca>-e tluit K brought up has something
peculiar about it; the claimants are Quakers,
or tho claimant is a. woman, or something ot
that kind is submitted as distinguishing the case
from the mass of such cases; so that step by
step Congress is establishing precedents which
will eventually involve this Government in the
payment of all the losses and injuries that
were sustained by Uie southern States in con-,
sequcnco of this war. That is what Congress
is coming to it is manifest. I have resisted
this proceeding as far as I could since i have
been here. I do not believe that it is possible
for Congress to make reparation for the wrongs
or injuries or losses that were sufiered by this
war to either the people of the northern States
or the people of the southern States; and, so
Car as the country is concerned, which was in
a state of rebellion against the Government,
and was so regarded, I do not believe that
the Congress of the United States can with any
ratetv assume ill" payment of these claims.
The Senator « ho has this bill in charge bus
already announced ihat, so tat* as he is eon
Cerned, bethinks there is no difference in pvin
eiple between property that va* tate w*d
property that was destroyed.
Mr. HOWE. Now, will my friend allow rae
to ask him a question right there ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. That is undoubtedly the opin-
ion of the Senator from West Virginia, and is
undoubtedly theopinion of several others; but
will he not agree that the Government can
better afford to pay for property that they have
eaten up, or sold and got tbe money for, than
they can for property that they got no value
at all from, that was burned up and destroyed?
Can we not better afford to pay for this prop-
erty than for property iu the predicament 1
have just mentioned?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Itis possible that we can
better afford to pay for this property: but here
were eleven States confederated together, with
an organized government, waging war upon the
Union, and it became necessary for this Gov-
ernment to send armies into those States for
the purpose of suppressing their rebellion.
And I hold that while the armies were engaged
in that work, if they found it necessary to seize
anything in the country for the purpose of
subsisting tbe Army, the Government is not
bound to pay for what they took* in that way.
In cases where property was purchased there
was a contract made, and the Government
should, of course, respect its contracts; but
where property was seized by force and de*
stroyed, or couverted to the use of the Army,
it seems to me that the principle we establish
in paying for that property is one that will
lead to dangerous results and will involve the
establishment of immense claims against the
Treasury.
I do not propose to argue the matter. Of'
course 1 do not expect to be here when these
questions come up hereafter, but I simply ex-
press my opinion about this case; and 1 ask to
have the yeas and nays taken on the passage
of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23. nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Borema.n. Brownlow. Casserly, Davi*. Flanagan,
Fowler, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Howe, John-
ston, Kellogg, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Ross, Scott,
Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Thunnan, Tipton. Vick-
ers, Warner, and Willey—2S.
NAYS—Messrs. Carpenter, Cole, Corhett, Howard,
Howell, Stearns, Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, and Wil-
liams— 10.
ABSENT—Messrs, Ames, Buckingham, Cameron,
Cattetl, Chandler, Conkhn?, Crasin.EimumK Fen-
ton, Ferry, Gilbert, Hamilton id Texas, Hamim,
ll-ulan. Harris, Lewis, MeOreery, McDonald. Mer-
rill of Maine, Mortal ot Vermont, Morton. Nye,
<>born, Patterson, Pomoroy. Pool, Ramsey. Revel-,
Saulsbury, Sawyer. Schur/. jvieiin-m, irumbull.
Wilson, and Yates—3-5.
So the bill was passed.
IRON-CLAD CONfllVCrOIt-—VETO S.G11.
A message was received from the Prasidimt
of the United States, by Mr. JIosace Pouter,
bis Secretary, returning, with his objections,
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 92/ for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho Chair asks
the indulgence of the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Horns] while he lays before the Senate
the messages from the President on his table.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly,
The VICE PRESIDENT. If any of these
messages should give rise to debate the Chair
will withdraw it. The veto message will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
I herewith return, without my approval, innate
resolution No. 9J, entitled "A re^ohitiou tor tho
relief of certain contractors for the construction of
vesscisof w&rand steam machinery," tor the tollow-
ins reasons: ,
The act of March 2. lSo<, (14 Unite I Mates £tat-
utes-at-Large, page 424.) directs the Secretary ot the
Navy " to investigate tbe claims of nil contractors
for building ve^ds oi war and steiun maenhtery
for the tame uudei v'out.act* uuido alter th."* 1st day
of May. ISol, and prior to tho 1-t day of Januarx.
Io04; ami said iuvwtisaiion to bo m.ido upon tho
following basis; he shall ascertain (ho additional
eo.«t which was nec-js^mly incurred by each con:
trnetor in tho completion of his work by ronton ot
any changes or alterations iu the plans ana speci-
fications required, and delays in the prosecution of
toe work oeea-ioned by me Government, which
were not provided for m tho orij?in:il contract? hut
no allowance for any advance in the price of labor
or material shali bo considered unless .such advanco
occurred during the prolonged time for completing
the work rendered necessary by the delay resulting
from the action ot the Government aforesaid, ami
then only when such advance could not have been
avoided by the exercise of ordinary prudence and
diligence on the part of the contractor," &c. The
present joint resolution transfers tueinvestigation
to the Courtof Claims, and repeals "so much of said
act,as provides against considering any allowance
in favor of any such parties for any advance in tho
priceof labor or material, unless such advance could
have been avoided by the exercise of ordinary dili-
gence and prudence on the part ot the contractor."
It seems to me that the provision thus repealed is
a very reasonable one. It prevents.the contractor
from receiving any allowance for an advance in the
price of labor and material, when he could have
avoided that advance by the exercise of ordinary
prudence and diligence. The'effect of the repeal
will be to relieve contractors from tbe conscquence3
of their own imprudence and negligence, i see no
good reason for thus relieving contractors who have
not exercised ordinary prudcnce and diligence in
their business transactions.
U. S. GRAST.
Executive Mansion, February 7,1871.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, the message
was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
REPUBLIC OF DOMINICA.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message of the President
of the United States ; which was read:
To the Senate of the United States :
In answer to that part of your resolution of tbe
4th of January last requesting copies of "instruc-
tions to the commander of our naval squadron in
the waters of the island [of Sao Domingo] since the
commencement of the late negotiations, with the
reports and correspondence of such commaudor,"
I herewith transmit a report, with accoinpanying
papers, received trorn the Secretary of the Navy.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion-, February 7,1871.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the message
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
MISSION TO GERMANY.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message of the President
of the United States; which was read;
To the Senate and I lout e of Representative*:
Tbe union of the States of Germany into a form
of government similar in many respects to that of
the American Union is an event that cannot fail to.
touch deeply the sympathies of the peoplo of the
United States.
'J.uiuoti h.i? been brought about by the long-
continued. persistent ciT>ris of the people, with the
deliberate approval cf the ^overnmenN a id p.; /j.lo
uf twenty-tour of tbe German States through rheu'
regularly con^riroted representatives.
In it the American people see an attempt to rc~
piodnce in Europe miido of rlie best fc ituies ot oar
own Constitution, with sit eh modifications as the
histoiy and condition of Gernuny seem to require.
Tuc local government of tho several members or'
the Union are pi eserved, while the powers conferred
upon the chief impart strength for tho purpose of
self-defence, without authority to enter upon wais
of conquest and ambition.
The caerisbed aspn ation for national unity, which
for ages has inspired the many millions of peoplo
speaking the same language, inhabiting a contigu-
ous and compact territory, but unnatural!} separ-
ated and divided by dynastic jealousies and rhe am-
bition of short-sighted rulers, has beeu attained;
and Germany now contains a. population of about
thirty-four millions, united, like our own, under one
Government for its relations with other Powers,
n but retaining in its several members the right and
!) power of control ox their local interests, habits, and
•: institutions,
!i The bringing of great ma?ses of thoughtful and
free people under a single Government must tend to
i; make Governments what alone they should be, the
i! representatives of tho vail and the organization of
! the power of the people.
'! The adoption in Europe of the American system
of union, under the control anil direction of a free
people, educated to self-restraint, cannot fail to ex-
tend popular institutions and to enlarge the peace-
ful influence of American Ideas.
Tbe relations of the United States with Germany
are intimate and cordial. Tho commercial inter-
course between the two countries is extensive, and
is increasing from year to year, and the large num-
ber ot citizens and residents in the United States
oi German extraction and the continued flow of
om'u^aiion theme to this countiy have produced
an intimacy of personal and political intercourse
approaching if not e<ju;d to thnt with the country
it om winch the founders of our Govern merit derived
their ork'in.
Tue extent ol these interests, and the greatness
of the German Union, seem to require that in the
