1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
a partisan commission as it must be, because
the President cannot fairly be expected to ap-
point a commission to go down there with a
majority that would be opposed to thisproject?
They must and would be, a majority of them,
in favor of it. It is foredoomed.
Is it to be expected that such a commis-
sion will report facts here upon which I shall
or can surrender my judgment, based on the
investigation which I have made on this sub-
ject through all the documents I could find
in the Library of Congress or the reach of the
Senate ? Does the Senator from Indiana sup-
pose that a commission, going down there and
staying but thirty or sixty days, can bring a
report here that will be as valuable as the
reports of men who have spent years there, or
that will invalidate all other public records?
It is impossible that it should be so. And there
are documents within our reach, accessible to
all, from men who have spent years there, and
have made reports upon all branches of this
subject. And now it is proposed to initiate a
step here that shall bind us to surrender and
abandon all of these documents, the fruit of
vast research for years, to an impromptu com-
mission that shall go down there without any
compensation, stay there no longer than they
may find it pleasurable to themselves to stay ;
and then we are to have the final action of both
Houses of Congress upon a joint resolution
for the annexation of San Domingo as a State,
which contains but one. hundred and twenty-
five thousand people at most to-day, and con-
fessedly illiterate and incompetent to take the
charge of any State government whatever. So
swiftly are we to have a State equal in power
to any one of the original thirteen of which
this Union was at first composed.
Regarding this measure as one unwise and
calculated to inflict vast injury upon my coun-
try, I shall oppose it at the threshold. I have
never yet seen any experienced legislator that
did not meet a question like this at the thresh-
old. If General Grant had been in possession
of Port Sumter in 1861, do you suppose that
he would have waited for the fortifications all
around about it to be constructed before he
would have opened fire upon them? Not at all.
He -would not have waited until the fort was
commanded, and then be forced to uncondi-
tional surrender. If he had had command there
Port Sumter would never have been taken.
Now, Mr. President, Ido not, for one, regard
it as any discourtesy, even to the Senator from
Indiana, to vote to have this question submit-
ted to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It seems to me eminently proper that it should
be referred to that committee. It is not a mere
call on the Slate Department, or on the Treas-
ury Department, or the War Department, for
such information as may be on file and which
we ought to have upon the mere call by any
single member for it"; but it is a question involv-
ing our judgmenton one of thegravest of ques-
tions as Senators, whether we want that inform-
ation for any purpose or not. We are not^ to
assume, at the outset, that if the information
shall be favorable we are for the annexation
of San Domingo.
Mr. President, I trust that this resolution
■will be allowed to go to the Committee on For-
eign Relations. The Senator from Indiana has
already intimated his willingness to accept ot
one amendment. I think that if the resolution
is to pass it ought to be very carefully matured
and further amended. Why this haste.' Is it
expected that this resolution will go to the
House of Representatives, to be passed to-mor-
row? I do not understand that that is the ex-
pectation of the Senator from Indiana. It is
not expected that this resolution will pass both
Houses before the recess shall take place.
Then why hurry it through at the present mo-
ment? Why not take a little time to consider
a matter so confessedly impoitant, and have it
properly matured, if we are to do anything of
this kind at this early day? I hope, therefore,
that the resolution will be referred, as proposed
by the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I very
rarely differ with my respected colleague on
questions in this body, for the reason that we
usually look at subjects from the same stand-
point and from the same home education; and I
certainly do not differ with him now in opinion
as to the propriety of the annexation of the
island of San Domingo. But he seems to act
under the impression that the information to be
obtained by the respectable persons who are to
be sent there to ascertain and report the con-
dition of that people, and the geographical and
other consideration which relate to the desira-
bility of acquiring that territory, will foreclose
the subject of annexation and will compel us
all to vote for it as desirable for the general
welfare of the country.
Now, agreeing with him upon my present
information that the annexation of that island
and of that people is entirely undesirable to
the people of the United States, 1 believe that
such an investigation as is proposed by the
Senator from Indiana will give us facts which
will demonstrate that it is not wise to incor-
porate that body of people and that island
into the political system of the United States
at this time. Because I believe that, having
these preconceived notions upon such inform-
ation as I possess about it—just the same'that
my colleague has—I am desirous that the
truth which honorable men (and I am sure
other than those the President of the United
States would not select, whatever their views
may be in the abstract) would under this res-
olution seek to obtain, and would obtain, shall
fortify me in the opinion that 1 now have,
although I think I, as well as all others who
wish to govern rightly a great country, am
perfectly willing to change if the proof satisfies
me that I ought to chauge.
I say, then, that the information which these
gentlemen are to report to us 1 believe will dem-
onstrate to me and my associates in this body
that the presefnt incorporation of that people
into the political system of the United States,
taking part in its government with us and
making laws for us, is not desirable. So, then,
as an opponent of the annexation of San
Domingo, I am veryglad indeed that the Sen-
ator from Indiana has proposed that a com-
mission appointed by the President of the
United States, the political friend certainly
of us all upon this side of the Chamber, and
the independent Chief Magistrate of the whole
people, without regard to politics, who would
not select for such a high mission as this any
persons in whose rectitude and fidelity and
intelligence entire trust could not be placed,
shall proceed to obtain this information.
Now, sir, it cannot be disguised, it ought
not to be disguised from the people of this
country- and from ourselves, that we cannot
fail to look with absorbing interest upon all
the peoples and tho islands of this great archi-
pelago of the tropics. We have for more than
haif'°a century held out to the world that we
should look with a jealous eye upon any inter-
ference with their affairs by foreign nations
further than the principles of public law and
the existing condition of things permitted it.
Certainly it there be any distinctive American
doctrine upon which the whole people are sup-
posed to be a unit it is that we shall not permit
European interference or aggression beyond
existing conditions, (which the faith of treaties
and public law do not permit us to interfere
with.) or the enlargement of the domain of
that species of interference in Governments in
this great tropical archipelago of which I have
spoken. Therefore, information in respect to
any of these islands, in respect to their capacity
to uphold and support a tree, industrious, and
self-governing population, is of interest to the
people of the United States. I say this with
reference to Cuba as well as Sail Domingo ;
Hayti, the other end of this island, as well as
Dominica; St. Thomas, or whatever the island
maybe; as to the people who inhabit all those
islands, there must be with us always a center-
ing and absorbing' interest, they, taken as a
whole, lying in that great Mediteraneau sea
of the western hemisphere connecting us with
the Isthmus of Panama and our great coast on
the Pacific.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. In illustrationofthe import-
ance of the point just made by the Senator from
Vermont, 1 have a public document prepared
by the Department of State which shows that
the commerce of the United States with tho
Dominion of Canada and all the British posses-
sions on this continent, and the British West
Indies, for the year ending July 1, 18G9, was
$72,214,041; that ourcommercewith Cuhaand
Porto Rico for the same time was $88,10'2,G72,
being $10,000,000 more than all our commerce
with the British possessions on this continent
and the British West India islands. The island
of San Domingo lies between those islands, and
is richer than either of them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, this is a sub-
ject of great interest. There may be causes
and reasons why the fact mentioned by the
Senator from Indiana should exist, and yet it
should not be desirable to incorporate that
country into our own; but all these facts are
matters of interest-
Mr. TIIURMAN. I ask the Senator from
Vermont if itwill be entirely agreeable to him
to let amotion to adjourn be made now. This
debate evidently cannot be concluded to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh no. I hope we shall
dispose of this question very soon. In a min-
ute or two I shall finish what 1 have to say,
as I have no extended remarks to make.
I have said, Mr. President, that independent
of my own opinions as to the desirability of
the acquisition of this particular island at this
time, which entirely agree with those of my
colleague, in all these islands and in this great
sea which lies in a semicircle almost, that is,
in the pathway"from the Atlantic to the Pacific
by the way of the Isthmus, the American peo-
ple must have an absorbing interest at all
times, and we must exclude from that sea any
aggressive movement of any people on the face
of the earth. We do not propose, in amity with
friendly nations, to disturb tho present occu-
pancy of anybody there ; but I propose for one,
as a representative of the American people, to
see to it that no other nation than ourselves
obtains a controlling interest under any form or
contrivance in that great inland sea, as it may
fairly be classed to be under modern navigation,
which lies between us and our noble and great
country on the Pacific coast. Therefore, while
according to my present information I think it
entirely undesirable that any of those people
should be incorporated into the political system
of this country, I think it entirely desirable that
we should fill our archives with information as
to their condition ; that we should enter into
treaties of alliancc and protection with every
one of those people who are competent to treat
for themselves, as these claim to be and have
in fact been for many years; so that if tho
condition of things that now exists shall be
attempted to be disturbed by any foreign Power
or potentate whatever, it will be not only our
right, but our duty, to interfere and to protect
our allies and friends in these tropical coun-
tries in their present independence until the
diffusion' of emigration, of intelligence, of edu-
t cation, shall make it fit that they may be ad-
1 milted, if the time shall ever come, into this
i great family of free States. _ I am sorry, there-
j fore, that any gentleman in this body, upon
' either side of the House, of any shade of polit-
ical opinion, should object to any sort ot in-
quiry which will tend to increase our knowl-
edge touching the condition of these islands
or of the people who inhabit them.
