1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
classification of the representatives of this Govern-
ment to foreign Powers there should no longer be
an apparent undervaluation of the Importance of
the German mission, suoh as is made in the differ-
ence beiween the compensation allowed by law to
the minister to Germahjrand those to Great Britain
aud France. There would seem to be a great pro-
priety in placing the representative of this Govern-
ment at Berlin on the same footing with that of its
representatives at London and Paris. The union
of the several States of Germany under one Govern-
ment, and the increasing commercial arid personal
intercourse between the two countries, will also add
to the labors and the responsibilities of the legation.
I therefore recommend that the salaries of the
minister and ef the secretary of legation at Berlin
be respectively increased to the same amounts as
ate allowed to those at London and at Paris.
U. S. GRANT.
WaSHInoton, February 7,1871.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the message
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
delations, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE JI0U8E.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2564) providing that ac-
counts or claims which have been adjusted by
the proper officers of the Treasury shall not be
reopened except by law, and limiting the time
for the presentation of claims and accounts,
and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2992) for the relief of ths
estate of Joseph Wheaton, deceased.
KNftOLLE© plLta SIGNED,
Themessage also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bill and joint resolutions ; and they were there-
upon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2287) to amend section
twenty-two of an act entitled "An act further
to prevent smuggling, andforother purposes,"
approved July 18, 1866 ;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 468) for the
protection and preservation of the food fishes
of the coast of the United States ;
A joint resolution (H. R, No. 417) author-
izing an American register to the British ship
Robert L. Lane;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 449) to exempt
certain boats from the payment of marine
hospital dues, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 479) repeal-
ing the joint resolution approved July 15,1870,
entitled "A joint resolution authorizing the
Postmaster General to adjust the accounts of
George Chorpenning."
KliLIEF FOR FRANCE AND GERMANY.
Mr. POMEROY. With the leave of the
Senator from Wisconsin, I desire the Senate
to act on a joint resolution that has been
returned from the House with an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the joint resolution (S. R. No.
308) authorizing the use of a naval vessel to
transport breadstulfs to Europe.
The amendment of the House was read,
being in line five, after the words "New York "
to insert the words "and the ports of Boston
and Philadelphia."
Mr. POMEROY. It is entirely discretion-
ary with the President. If he deems that the
public service will not be discommoded by this
use ot the public vessels he can order thesi. I
do not suppose myself there are vessels enough
for ail these places. I move that the amend-
ment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
T.ORliNZO THOMAS, JR., AND HENRY 0. TII05IAS.
Mr. IIOWE. I move to take up Senate
resolution No. 122.
The xnotion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 122) for the relief of
Lorenzo Thomas, jr., and Henry C. Thomas,
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
the reference to the Court of Claims of the
claim of Lorenzo Thomas, jr., and Henry
C. Thomas, against the United States for
a dwelling house, steam-engine, hoiler, and
machinery, building for supporting machin-
ery, engine-house, and smoke-stack, three
brick-kilns and fixtures thereunto belonging,
brick-sheds, stables, fences, brick burnt, brick
green, wheelbarrows, spades and shovels, sit-
uate on their brick-yard on thirteen acres of
land to them belonging, in the State of Vir-
ginia, near Arlington Heights, alleged by
them to have been seized and appropriated
in the year 1861 by the Army and soldiers of
the United States. The Court of Claims is to
ascertain and determine whether the United
States are justly and properly liable to make
compensation- for such property, or any part
thereof, so alleged to have been seized and
appropriated, and the amount of compensa-
tion which Lorenzo Thomas, jr., and Henry
C. Thomas are entitled to receive therefor.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the attention of the
Senate just three minutes. I have called up
this joint resolution because the committee
reported it and it ought to be acted upon.
My own individual opinion is against the meas-
ure. The point upon which I am against it is
that I do not think the United States had the
benefit of this property. My understanding
of the facts is that it was property situated on
the 'other side t)f the river here, which was
wasted by the soldiery. There was no delib-
erate taking of the property for the use of the
Government. For that reason I thought the
Government ought not to pay for it. The com-
mittee thought otherwise.
Mr. HOWARD. In what way was it wasted
by the soldiers ? Is there a report in the ease ?
If so, I should like to hear it.
Mr. HOWE. There is no written report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There ought to be.
Mr. HOWARD. The question with me is
whether this property was destroyed in actual
warlike operations ?
Mr. HOWE. There were some bricks there
in a brick-yard, and the soldiers, it is said, took
them to make floors for their tents and to make
ovens to bake in. There were some tools there.
Those are gone, and are supposed to have gone
through the intervention of the Army which
encamped there. As to what use they were
put to, I think the case does not show. The
Senator from Kentucky, I think, reported this
resolution, and perhaps can stats the particu-
lar facts.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that this joint
resolution be recommitted to the committee
with the respectful request of the Senate that
they shall present a written report on the sub-
ject, so that we may be informed what the facts
qf the case are. 1 do not wish to vote for this
claim blindly and without all the facts before
me; and as there is no written report,.as this
appears to be an important case making a pre-
cedent, I think the committee, for its own sake,
would prefer to present a written report. I
therefore move that the joint resolution be
recommitted to the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. There was not sufficient evi-
dence before the committee to enable it to
make a detailed and satisfactory report; but
there was enough to satisfy me and a majority
of the committee that the property of these
men to some extent had been destroyed by
the order of the military authorities. I think
a majority of the committee thought that it
was a good case to refer to the Court of Claims
that the court might lay down the precise
extent of the principle that would make the
United States Government liable for property
destroyed by the order of a military com-
mander. It was with a view to have that
principle tested by the judgment of the court,
more than on any other ground, that I myself
gave my consent that this case should be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims. It is about as
good a case to bring that question before the
court as any other; and as there seems to be
such a variety and discordance of opinion and
judgment upon the part of Senators in rela-
tion to the question of the liability of the Gov-
ernment for the value of property destroyed
by the command of a military officers, it seems
to me that this is a good case aud a good
time to have that principle adjudicated pre-
cisely and solemnly by a court of competent
jurisdiction. I therefore hope th?.t this joint
resolution will pass. It simply refers the case
to the.Gourt of Claims with a view to adju-
dicate important principles that will have
extensive application, and which principles
ought to be settled, I think, by the courts of the
country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
to recommit the pending joint resolution to
the Committee on Claims with a respectful
request that the committee present a written
report.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this motion will
be adopted. This may be, and probably is, an
important case ; it may stand as a sort of pre-
cedent in our legislation hereafter ; and if that
be the nature of the claim, and such the Sen-
ator from Kentucky describes it to be, that
is a very good reason why we should have a
written report on-the subject. I do not wish
to have this case, being a specimen case as it
seems, to go to the Court of Claims and be
subjected to the treatment of lawyers on the
one side or the other as they may see fit to treat
it. Let us have the facts spread before the
Senate here so far asour Committee on Claims
are able to ascertain them, and let us then
judge whether it is worth while to refer this
case to the Court of Claims. Congress is the
final tribunal, Mr. President, who are to settle
the liability of the United States for these
claims, and it becomes us, therefore, to be
cautious and circumspect in every move we
take on this important subject.
I foresee that if the loose principles upon
which a majority of the Committee on Claims
seem to have acted in the allowance of these
war claims are to prevail, ultimately the cost
of the late civil war will turn out to be nearly
double what we suppose it to have been. When
I say "loose principles" I intend no reflec-
tion on the members of the committee: but,
according to my own ideas of law, the princi-
ples upon which they have acted in the allow-
ance of many of these claims are entirely erro-
neous. But I will not go into that question at
this time. I ask the Senate merely to recom-
mit this case to the Committee on Claims, in
order that the Senate may have a full report
of the facts in the case. Keep nothing back ;
let us have light, let us see the steps that we
are taking from time to time, and let us see
who are responsible for the consequences of
the precedents which we are about to set.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think,myself
that tho Committee on Claims have sustained
no case whatever upon loose principles, but
upon principles well defined, and whose cor-
rectness cannot be shaken by any man's reason
or by any authority which can be adduced to
impugn them. I think the resistance that is
made in this Senate to the payment of claims
for which the committee report is made upon
a total disregard or abandonment of all princi-
ple and upon a flagitious trampling under foot
of the plainest principles of public law and
of constitutional law also. I hold that where
ever the property of a citizen, and especially
of a loyal citizen, is taken by the Government
or its authorities and applied to public use,
there is no plainer principle of justice, logic,
or law than that that citizen is entitled to a
just compensation for the property so taken.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. Why, in his opinion,
should that be confined to loyal citizens? It'
the property of a disloyal citizen were taken
by order of an officer and converted to the use
