198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I wish to speak
upon this question, and as I know the Senate
is restless and the usual hour of adjournment
has come, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska having taken the floor on this motion,
moves that the Senate adjourn, pending which
motion the Chair desires to lay before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States.
Mr. TIPTON. My motion is waived tem-
porarily to allow that to be done.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report of the
Secretary of the Treasury relative to consular
fees, made in compliance with section two of
the act approved July 11, 1870, making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 80, 1871, and for other purposes ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating a
copy of an opinion of the Attorney General
upon the claim of the Choctaw Indians to the
issue of United States bonds, as provided in
the act of March 2, 1861, and in accordance
with the treaty of April 28, 1866; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2523) making appropri-
ations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United Statesforthe year end-
ing June 30, 1872, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 434) extend-
ing the use of the Library of Congress to the
commissioners appointed to revise and con-
solidate the laws of the United States was read
twice by its title, andreferred to the Committee
on the Library.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled joint resolutions ;
and they were thereupon signed by the Vice
President:
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 191) granting
an American register to the British-built bark
Busy ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 428) relative
to the Centre Market in Washington.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. MORTON. Believing that the Senate
will to-morrow dispose of this joint resolution,
and as I know several Senators intend yet to
speak, I move that the Senate now proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The VICEPRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from N ebraska withdraw his motion to adjourn ?
Mr. TIPTON. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Nebraska has precedence.
Mr. CONKLING. I appeal to the Senator
from Nebraska to_ allow a motion to be made
to go into executive session, if only for a mo-
ment, to refer messages. Certainly it cannot
inconvenience anybody. I do not think any
Senator will object to that if it is the' wish of
any member of the body.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Nebraska insist on his motion toadiourn'
Mr. TIPTON. Yes, sir; I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Nebraska.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. ra.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 20, 1870.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butlek.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
this morning is the unfinished business of Thurs-
day last, being House bill No. 2523, for full
and general grace, amnesty, and oblivion of
all wrongful acts, doings, or omissions of all
persons engaged in the war of the late rebel-
lion, upon which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. ORTH. Will the gentleman from Ohio
yield to me for a moment ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
paraguayan affairs.
Mr. ORTH. It will be recollected, Mr.
Speaker, that I gave notice the other day that
I would this morning, on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, call up their report
on Paraguayan affairs. Not wishing to inter-
fere with pending business, I now desire to
move that all special orders be laid aside on
Thursday, the 5th day of January next, and
that the House then proceed, immediately after
the morning hour, to the consideration of the
report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs on
Paraguay.
Mr. DAWES. Is that report a special assign-
ment for to-day, or only postponed till to-day?
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to post-
pone it.
Mr. DAWES. I must object to all special
assignments after the holidays of any matter
until after the appropriation bills have been
sent to the other branch of Congress.
The SPEAKER. It is already a special
order.
Mr. DAWE3. The object of my inquiry was
to ascertain that fact. I asked the Speaker if
it is now a special order.
The SPEAKER. It is now a special order.
Mr. DAWES. If it is a special order, then
I cannot interfere.
The SPEAKER. It is a special order for
to-day, and the Chair understands the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Orth] to give notice
of the day when he proposes to call it up.
Mr. DAWES. Would it otherwise come up
to-day?
The SPEAKER. It would, except for the
amnesty bill, which comes over from Thursday
last as unfinished business.
Mr. DAWES. It is a special assignment,
except for the unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. It is, and would take pre-
cedence of anything but unfinished business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the proposition
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Orth]
will not be objected to.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
order or business.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] to yield to me to move
that the rules be suspended and the House
now resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to submit a
few remarks of a personal nature.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. For how long a time ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. About two minutes.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
personal explanation.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, not long
since the editor of the New York Evening Post
took occasion to make an 'attack upon me
through the columns of his paper. If this were
the first attack upon me by that paper perhaps
I should not notice it. Nor should I have
occasion to notice it if William Cullen Bryant
were personally acquainted with me, for in that
case 1 feel certain that he would not have made
it. He does not know me personally, nor do
I know him. Neither should 1 notice these
attacks could I not give the reason why they
are made, and which will rob them of their
intended effect. I do not know thatthese per-
sonal attacks in newspapers injure anybody,
nor do I know that they do anybody any good.
But I feel it due to myself and to those who
perhaps may have read these attacks in that
paper, and who may read what I have to say
about the matter, to throw some light on the
subject.
William Cullen Bryant may be a very good
man, but if he is he would not make any wan-
ton attack upon me. These attacks upon me
were inspired by his brother, John H. Bryant,
who resides at Princeton, in my district. He
is my personal and bitter enemy, and has been
for several years. In 1865 I procured his re-
moval from the office of collector of internal
revenue for my district. I presume it has been
the experience of many, if not all the mem-
bers, as well as my own, that in nine cases out
of ten the removal of any mail from office makes
him your personal, bitter enemy. In 1865 I
had John H. Bryant removed for cause. He
is a bad man, and is now officially reported in
default to the Government iu a sum exceeding
four hundred and thirty thousand dollars. '1 he
facts in the career of John II. Bryant justify
my course toward him in 1865. In 1866, under
Mr. Johnson's administration, and after he had
parted company with the Republican party,
John H. Bryant was restored to the office of
collector for the purpose of inflicting a personal
injury upon myself. Not long after this I pro-
cured the removal of John H. Bryant a second
time. These contests with John H. Bryant
have engendered a great deal of bitterness upon
his part, and he has carried his bitterness, his
venom, and his malice into his brother's paper
in New York, and thus endeavors to injure me,
which might be the case if no explanation of
the motive or animus were made by me.
Having said this much in explanation, I have
nothing to add except to thank the House for
its courtesy.
Mr. DAWES. May I be permitted to say a
word? I know nothing about the personal
difficulty between the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ixgersoll] and Mr. John II. Bryant. I
never before heard of it, and have nothing to
say about it. The gentleman, however, has
seen fit to say that Mr. John H. Bryant is a
"bad man." Mr. Bryant and myself were
born in the same town, were reared together,
were school-boys together. He is my personal
friend; and it does not become me to sit here
and hear the gentleman from Illinois pronounce
Mr. Bryant a "bad man" without saying a
word in his favor; and I do it without reference
to any personal matters between him and the
gentleman from Illinois. Mr. John 11. Bryant
is now an old, gray-headed man. He lived in
Massachusetts very many years, and has lived
longer in the State of Illinois. His reputation
wherever he is known has been as spotless and
as pure as that of any other man living; he
enjoys in the highest degree the confidence
of those who know him best; and I am con-
fident there must be some mistake about this
matter, although I do not even say that the
gentleman from Illinois does not speak upon
what he thinks good authority. 1 venture to
say that if John H. Bryant is a defaulter to the
Government, I have lost all faith in human
nature.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I simply
desire to say to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that from what he has said he has con-
vinced me that he knows nothing about Johu
