1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
of the Government, should not the Govern-
ment pay for that?
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the honorable
Senator, yes. I have proclaimed in the com-
mittee-room, in the Senate, and everywhere,
that the Constitution and the principle make
no distinction between the property of a loyal
and of a disloyal citizen. But I was accom-
modating myself to the judgment of the Sen-
ate. The majority of the Senate has taken a
different view and occupied a different ground
in relation to the subject, and because I can-
not secure pay lor property to the extent to
which 1 believe that citizens are entitled to it
I am not disposed to give up payment to the
extent to which the Senate is disposed to con-
cede it; and therefore I took the distinction
in conformity to the judgment of the Senate,
deliberately and often expressed.
Now, 1 make this appeal to the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, who is an able law-
yer: is or is not a man who has committed
treason against the United States a citizen of
the United States'?
Mr. CARPENTER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. DAVIS. Is he or not entitled to a fair
trial when he is indicted for that crime of trea-
son ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I will state to the Sen-
ator my understanding of the case to be that
he is a citizen of the United States and some-
thing more : he is a rebel, amenable to its laws
if indicted civilly, or, if found in arms, amen-
able to another remedy, applied then by the
Army, by force.
Mr. DAVIS. I concede all that. Still, I
put this question'to the honorable Senator:
although he may be charged .with being a
traitor, and there be an indictment against him
for treason, is he or not entitled to every light
and every privilege which the law allows to
any other citizen?
Mr. CARPENTER. Ou trial in a court of
justice undoubtedly. On trial in the battle-
field he is entitled to no rights whatever.
Mr. DAViS. 1 admit that on the battle-
field he is subject to be shot down; but this
is my position: that a citizen of the United
States unconvicted of crime is a citizen, and
is entitled to every right, privilege, and pro-
tection which the Government can give him,
save and except his trial for crime, to which
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin or my-
self is entitled. Then, what tribunal, what
legitimate power, has decided the disloyalty
and the crime of men who are said to have
lived within the rebel lines? They are citi-
zens; they are as much citizens of the United
States as the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin ; and many of them have as much virtue
and merit and fidelity to the Government as
he or I or anybody else has. And to say that
men occupying that position, whose property-
is taken for public use, are not, in conformity
to the principles of the Constitution, entitled
to have just compensation for that property,
is a rejection of ail principle, all logic, all
constitutional law. There is neither reason
nor justice nor sense in it.
Mr. HOWE. Will my honorable friend from
Kentucky allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I would not interfere with
the course of his remarks, but he knows how
little time we have and how anxious I am to
get along with the business. We will admit
that the principles which he and my colleague
have been discussing are not involved in this
bill at all.
Mr. DAVIS. So I have stated; they are
not involved in this bill at all. Mr. President,
the applicants here were loyal men ; both of
them were in the military service of the Gov-
ernment during the war to pot down the rebel-
lion. Their property never was within the
dswmy's lines; the property which they owned,
«u>d which was destroyed by the order of the
military officers of the United States, was
never within the enemy's lines. It was just
41si Cqhg, 3d Sess.—No. 65.
at the end of the Long Bridge on the Virginia
shore of the Potomac. No man can doubt,
no man does doubt at least, that this is a fair
case for the decision by the courts of the
country of the principle and the extent of the
principle, how far the property of a loyal citi-
zen, taken within the military lines of the
United.States by the order of an officer of the
Government, shall be paid for by that Govern-
ment. That is simply the case now under
consideration. .Mr. President, it is a fair case
for the settlement of that great principle.
This case does not extend to the extreme to
which the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Carpenter] is disposed to extend such
classes of cases. It is the ease of a loyal citi-
zen in the actual service of the Government
,of the United States whose property was taken
by the order of the military officer and de-
stroyed, that property being situated within
the lines of the Union Army, and never hav-
ing been outside our own lines. Upon this
general aspect and these general facts of the
ease I thought, and a majority of the commit-
tee thought, that it was a fair ease to have the
principle settled by judicial authority how far
the Government was responsible for property
destroyed under such a state of fact.
Now, sir, that is the great principle. The
extent of that principle at the present time
in the United States is vast 
Mr.'CARPENTER. Vast to the Treasury,
too.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator and
the gentlemen who take his position and who
object to the payment of these claims exag-
gerate by a wild and a distempered imagina-
tion the amount of claims that would come
against the Government under such a prin-
ciple.
Mr. CARPENTER. I beg pardon for in-
terrupting the Senator. I merely wished to
fortify and support him on the only proposition
in his speech in which I concur.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very much obliged to
yon, sir, [laughter;] and if you will just take
a little sounder and a more accurate view of
the case I would feel more obliged to you.
[Laughter.]
But, Mr. President, here is the whole pur-
pose of the committer in referring this claim
to the Court of Claims: it is that the courts
may pass upon the question how far a loyal
citizen within the lines of our Army who has
had his property taken and destroyed by the
order of the commandant of the military force t
shall be indemnified by the Government. I j
think this is as good a case as we ever shall (
have to have that principle decided by the
courts, and I think now is as good a time.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to say that I hope we
shall not waste any more time with discussion
of these general principles. The proposition
now is to recommit the joint resolution to the
committee, and I hope we shall take a vote
on it. 1 shall vote for that motion; but I
want to say to* the Senator from Michigan
before I sit down that I do not like his style
of debating the question.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very sorry for that.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I want to say to the Senate
that there is no disposition on the part of
the committee to keep anything in the dark.
The fact that there was not a written report
here is a mere omission, a mere neglect. What
I understood to be involved in the bill I stated,
and theSenator from Kentucky has also stated;
and when the Senator from Michigan refers to
the " loose'' action of the Committee on
Claims I think he ventures upon grounds
that, if we had time to discuss, he would find
great difficulty in maintaining. I will say,
however, without raising that question at all,
that 1 think the Senator ought to be content
with cuffing our reports when they are be-
fore the Senate, and after they have been con-
cluded and gone" from the consideration of the
Senate I think he ought not to seize every
occasion to slap the committee. We take his
blows with the utmost good nature when we
are right before them; but when the occasion
is gone by, then we want peace.
Mr. HOWARD. It was the farthest from
my intention to pass any reflection upon the
committee, on their personal character, or
even on their professional character. I used
the words "loose principles," and applied
them to the action of that committee in recom-
mending the allowance of a certain descrip-
tion of claims that had come before them. I
see no occasion to modify the style in which
i spoke. I think the principles which they
have adopted from time to time in the allow-
ance of claims were loose, in the ordinary
professional sense of that term; loose and
unsafe. That is all I meant. I know very
well that lawyers may disagree, and sometimes
may be mistaken, on both sides of a case.
That is by no means uncommon; and when
my honorable friend from Wisconsin charges
me with industriously and habitually slapping
the Committee on Claims in the face by attack-
ing their reports, he is entirely mistaken. I
never have made any reference whatever in
debate here to the action of the committee
further than the legal principles which they
asserted were concerned. Is the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin afraid to have his
legal principles criticised and examined?
Sir, so long as I sit in this Chamber I shall
not waive that right in reference to his com-
mittee or any other committee; not setting my
own opinion up as by any means infallible, but
having the vanity to "believe at the same time
that I may possibly be right in the opinions
which I entertain.
Now, lam anxious for the recommitment of
this case to the committee and a formal report,
in order that the whole country may see ex-
actly what the facts are involved in this speci-
men-case; for, sir, the time is not distant, m
my judgment, when these claims will multiply
very greatly and amount to a vast sum of
money, and when they will occupy a large por-
tion of the attention of members of this body
and of the House of Representatives.
I wish to see, as I said before, the facts in
their proper light; I wish to see the whole case
presented before the Senate of the United
States; and I am by no means anxious to go
before the Court of Claims or before any other
court of justice to settle questions of public
law upon which you and I and the rest of as
her'e are bound upon our consciences to aot
and decide as cases shall arise. We are the
responsible parties in the end; responsible to
the country, responsible to ourselves, and
responsible to justice. We are the ultimate
authority to pass upon these cases and upon
the principles of public law which relate to
them. Hence, it is that I feel no anxiety to
refer cases of this kind, involving principles
of public law, to the Court of Claims. I hope,
sir, the bill will be recommitted to the com-
mittee. Let us have a fair start.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make a single remark.
The Court of Claims will ascertain the facts of
the case. They will do it with more care and
with a better conformity to the modes of obtain-
ing proofs in suits than the Senate would. I
would much rather rely upon a court col-
lecting the evidence in this, as in ail other
cases of claims than I would upon the Senate,
or the House of Representatives either, doing
it. The court will carefully, and according to
the rules of evidence, ascertain the facts of
the case, and upon the facts thus ascertained
the court will pronounce its judgment, and
this Senate and Congress and the people of
the country will have the facts as well as the
law of the ease before them, if this joint res-
olution should pass and the Court of Claims
should hear the case and enter a judgment
in it.
Mr. CORBETT. One of the main objec-
tions that I have to this bill, as well as to the
previous one, is that there is no written report
