1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
H. Bryant since he left Massachusetts. He
may have been an excellent citizen in that
State; I know nothing about that. But what
I do know is that he is officially reported to be
in default over four hundred and thirty thou-
sand dollars, which the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts does not seem to have known before.
Not only that, but his reputation is not spotless
by any means, but very spotted in the town
where he lives. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I should like to say
a word.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois for that purpose.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I only desire to say,
Mr. Speaker, that I regret my colleague, in mak-
ing his personal explanation, has seen proper
to pursue the course he has in regard to John
H. Bryant. It seems to me that he has gone
too far. I know nothing of the political differ-
ences between my colleague and Mr. Bryant;
but Mr. Bryant is an old acquaintance of mine.
He was an abolitionist at an early day in Illi-
nois, a member of the State Legislature; and
so far as I know the reputation of Mr. Bryant,
it has always been good. I do not believe he
is a defaulter, although on account of some
informality his name may be borne upon the
books as a defaulter.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, one word.
[Laughter.] Perhaps I should make no reply
to my colleague, from the fact that he is not
well acquainted with John H. Bryant, as his
statements show. He said that he was an old-
line abolitionist. Previous to 1854 he was a
Democrat, and not an abolitionist. If John
II. Bryant's reputation can be particularly bol-
stered up or benefited by what my colleague
may say, well and good; I will not take issue
with him on that point.
Mr. Speaker, I have simply this to say in
regard to Bryant: that in my conduct toward
him I have always treated him in a spirit of
justice and candor. I happen to know bet-
ter than any of these gentlemen the peculiar-
ities and idiosyncrasies of John H. Bryant. I
know that he isan unscrupulous man, a libeler,
a slanderer, and a falsifier. In regard to his
record in the Departments, I have notinquired
as to the cause of his deficit; but I do know
that in the letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in response to aresolution of this House,
John H. Bryant appears in default to the
amount of over four hundred and thirty thou-
sand dollars. I did not say that he was a de-
faulter to that amount. I speak as the record
speaks. And as to what I have said in regard
to his personal character, I am ready to main-
tain it here or anywhere.
Mr. J HDD. If I may be allowed, I should
like to make a few remarks.
A Member. Let us have the regular order.
Mr. JDDD. I desire to say a word.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
There was no objection.
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, if I had been
charged myself upon this floor with being a
defaulter in the sum of $430,000 I should not
have been more surprised than to hear the
charge my colleague makes against John H.
Bryant. I cannot believe that my colleague
[Mr. Ixgersoll] has thoroughly examined Mr.
Bryant's accounts with the Treasury at the
present time. I desire simply to say that it
is more than twenty years since my first ac-
quaintance with Mr. Bryant. I have served
with him in the Legislature of the State of
Illinois and in the committee of the liepub-
lican party in that State. He has been my per-
sonal and political friend, and I had supposed
that I knew his character ; and this is the first
time and the first occasion i have ever heard
his integrity questioned. I feel it due to the
relations which existed yeara ago between Mr.
Bryant and myself to say this much and to say
that I should not have been more surprised at
a charge against any gentleman upon the floor
of this House. I do hope and believe that my
colleague will ascertain, when he fully investi-
gates this matter of default, that he has been
misled in the matter.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have not said that
John II. Bryant is a defaulter, but I state that,
according to the acconnts as they now stand,
he is reported as in default in a sum exceeding
•four hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
Mr. JUDD. Then I do not understand my
colleague to wish the House to believe that
Mr. Bryant is a defaulter to-day. I have not
made these remarks solely from my own per-
sonal feelings, Mr. Speaker, but at the special
request of two or three of my colleagues from
the State of Illinois, who, in common with
myself, know the gentleman who has been
assailed. It was thought to be due from us
individually, as his acquaintances and friends,
to express a doubt as against the charges which
my colleague LMr. Isgehsoll] has presented
on this floor.
Mr. KELSEY. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Judd] will allow me, I wish to say
that if members will turn to the report of the
Fifth Auditor of the Treasury, I think they will
see how the apparent balances against collect-
ors place them in default. The outgoing col-
lector is charged with the list, which he passes
over to his successor, and that stands as a charge
against him on the books of the Treasury until
hissuccessorsettlesupand squareshis accounts.
The Fifth Auditor has requested Congress to
correct the manner of keeping the accounts,
so that the outgoing collector shall be cred
ited with the list which he passes to his suc-
cessor. It is on account of this system of not
crediting the outgoing collector with the lists
passed to hissuccessor that many ex-collectors
appear on the books of the Department as
defaulters who do not owe the Government one
cent.
Mr. JUDD. I merely desire to express to
this House my belief and opinion as to the
character of Mr. Bryant. I know that there
have been political differences between my
colleague and Mr. Bryant; I know that there
has been a bitter quarrel; but 1 cannot believe
that with a life such as has been described
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] and which I can corroborate, to the
extent of my knowledge, since the gentleman
has been a resident of Illinois, he should be
guilty of what has been imputed to him.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mycolleague will allow
me a word here. His character may look a lit-
tle like rainbow tints in the distance; but
when these gentlemen speak of the purity of
the character of this man they ought to know
something about it. ] ask my colleague how
many children this man has in the town of
Princeton who do not sleep under his roof?
Purity, thy name is not Bryant!
Mr. JUDD. I do not desire to continue this
discussion or make any issues with mycolleague,
[Mr. Ingersoli.,] and will conclude by repeat-
ing that this statement is made not solely on
my own motion, but by the request of at least
two of my colleagues, who think with me that,
under the circumstances, it was due to an absent
friend that our opinions of his character should
be addressed to the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Palmer.]
l'se of congressional library.
• Mr. PALME R, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a jointresoiution (H. B. No. 434) extend-
ing the use of the Library of Congress to the
commissioners appointed to revise and consol-
idate the laws of the United States; whi<?h was
read a first and second time.
Mr. PALMER. I desire to have the joint
resolution put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read. It author-
izes the joint Committee on the Library to grant
the use of the books in the Library of Congress
to the three commissioners appointed for the
revision and consolidation of the statutes of
the United States on the same terms and with
the same restrictions as regulate the use of the
Library by Senators and Representatives.
Mr. PALMER. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be read a third time; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid on the table.
i'lie latter motion was agreed to.
WISCONSIN IUR1S0RS.
Mr. ELD1UDGE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. li. No. 258G) making
appropriations for the improvement of the
harbors of Sheboygan and Port Washington,
in the State of Wisconsin ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to th'e Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
It. AYKES AND U. IVOLFLIN AND COMPANY.
Mr. NIBLA0K, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. II. No. 2587) for relieving
H. Ayres and G. Wolilin & Co., of Indiana;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
public boildikgs at nashville.
Mr. PROSSEIl, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 2588) to provide
for building a custom-house, post office, &c., at
Nashville, Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
CLERKS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ARNELL, by unanimous coum-iiI, sub-
mitted the following resolution, on which he
demanded the previous question :
He solved. That the following committees be author-
ized to employ a clerk each at thosalary of $1 80 per
day during the third session of the jb'orty-First Con-
gress: Bunking and Currency; Commerce; Nniui
Affairs; Post Office and Post Roads; Railways ami
Canals; Indian Affairs; Foreign Aiiairf; Priming,
Territories; Eduoation and Labor; Iievii-ion ot the
Laws of the United States: Reeonsti nation ; Mann
iiielures; Invalid Pensions; Ninth Census; selec;
Committee on the Causes or thelteductiou ot Amer-
ican Tonnage. And that the iollowmg eoimnitloe^
bo authorized to employ clerks jointly at the same
compensation and tor ihe same time; Uistiiei of
Columbia, and Retrenchment; Pacific Railroad, and
Mines and Mining; Patents, and Private Land
Claims.
Mr. DAWES. Does this come from the
Committee on Accounts?
Mr. ARNELL. It doe.,.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ARNELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
YVATER-fiAUUliS ON' T1IE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. HOOTS. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table, for con-
sideration at this time, SenaCe joint resolution
No. 179, authorizing water-gauges to be estab-
lished and observations to be made upon the
Mississippi river and its principal tributaries,
with a view of obtaining information required
for the protection of the alluvial lands against
overflow, and for the improvement of naviga-
tion. The Committee on Commerce are in favor
of this joint resolution.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I object,
TTLGit, TEXAS,
Mr. WHITMORE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. B. No. 2580) to provide
for a building for the use of the post office,
United States circuit and district courts, and
internal revenue offices at Tyler, Texas; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
