THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will permit me to move
to go into Committee of the Whole on the legis-
lative appropriation bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot <lo that. Let us
first dispose of the pending business.
thursday's session.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask by unanimous con-
sent that the session on Thursday next shall
be as in Committee of the Whole, for the pur-
pose of general debate, no business whatever
to be transacted.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
amnesty.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the unfinished business of Thursday last,
being House bill No. 2523, for fall and gen-
eral grace, amnesty, and oblivion of all wrong-
ful acts, doings, or omissions of all persons
engaged in the war of the late rebellion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] is entitled to the floor for one
hour.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to permit me to make a motion in regard
to this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Ohio
has moved a substitute for the first section of
this bill. I move further to amend the bill by '
striking out all but the first section. • j
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be j
regarded as pending. j
Mr. COX. Is any further amendment now !
in order? 1
The SPEAKER. No farther amendment is j
now in order. j
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield ten minutes '
of my time to the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. !
Degexer.] ;
Mr.DEGENER. Mr. Speaker, it will hardly
be denied that the question of reconstruction !
is of greater interest to the southern States ■
than to the northern. Nor will it be denied ;
that southern Representatives have to face a
greater responsibility than northern Represent- ;
atives when called upon to give their verdict j
on a general amnesty bill, which is essentially
the crowning key-stone of reconstruction. I
may perhaps add, and I do so with all mod-
esty, that persons living in the rebel States 1
have had a better opportunity of observing the j
workings of the reconstruction acts than "gen- ■
tlemen who lived a thousand miles off. I can-
not, therefore, very well conceive why so many
difficulties are thrown in the way of southern I
Representatives when they try to get the Door, '
and why we are forced to sublimate, as it
were, five years' experienceintoafive minutes' !
speech, and for these five minutes be indebted
to the charity of our friends. I hope, there- 1
fore, that it I should run three orfour minutes !
beyond the ten minutes allowed me by my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] I shall have
the unanimous consent of the House that that
time shall not be counted against my friend, ]
by whose courtesy I have now the privilege of ■
addressing yon. :
I would also further suggest that the previous :
question be not called before three o'clock to- i
dajr, and that after the gentleman from Ohio '
[Mr. Bixghaji] shall have concluded his re- 1
marks further debate upon this bill shall be '
limited to fifteen-minute speeches.
Mr. Speaker, I fully acknowledge the util-
ity, though I have always doubted the propri- >
ety, of grafting a measure of only temporary I
value upon our Constitution. The conseouences !
of thus going, as I believe, beyond what the !
amendments to our fundamental law ought to ■'
contain are now before us, in their effort to ;
get rid of that barrier by a two-thirds vote of !
both Houses of Congress. f
But this is not all. Outside the third sec- I
tion of the fourteenth amendment, which only
embraces the passive franchise, (the right of
eligibility,) we have disabilities and disquali-
fications for active franchise (the privilege of
voting) which crept into several State consti-
tutions during the continuance of the recon-
struction acts. No one who has the slightest
pretense to logic has ever claimed that these-
measures were republican in their character.
They were dictated by the necessities of war;
nothing more and nothing less than an expe-
dient for the time being. The reconstruction
acts provide for their own end. The consti-
tutional disqualifications are made subject to
the discretion of a two-thirds majority of both
Houses of Congress, and it seems, certainly,
very doubtful whether the signature of the
President is necessary for the ratification of
such a two-thirds majority act to make it valid
law. As a farther evidence that the Repub-
licans never claimed the" disqualification acts
as a principle, but as a measure the continu-
ance of which is a question of time only, I quote
from the Chicago platform :
"Wc favor the removal of disqualifications and
restrictions imposed upon the late rebels in the same
measure as the spirit of disloyalty may die out, and
as may be consistent with the safety of the loyal
people."
If this means anything it means that the
Republican party pledges itself to abolish dis-
qualifications as soon as two things happen:
the dying out of disloyalty, and that events
may so shape circumstances that the safety of
the loj'al people may permit a general political •
amnesty. * I
This brings the question home. Has the time j
arrived for universal amnesty? As far as the !
privilege of voting goes the States have already [
decided the question. With the exception of i
Arkansas, there is not a State in the Union ;
where suffrage is uenied to any. adult American j
male citizen on political grounds. The States j
have availed themselves of the right granted to i
them by the second section of the fourteenth i
amendment. They are fully in harmony with
the fifteenth amendment, ay, almost in har- j
mony with those golden words in the first sec- ;
tion of the fourteenth amendment: :
"No State shall make or enforce any law which '
shall abridge the privileges and immunities of citi- I
zens of the United States." '
Honor to the statesman who grafted this :
sterling republican principle on our Consti- I
tution. i
Thus only the right of eligibility remains j
to be settled, and this is the exclusive depart- j
ment ot Congress. 1 need not travel over the J
ground so fully "prospected" by the gentle- !
man from California, [Mr. Sargext,] but I !
will add this much to his argument: 'that the 1
•'cat's quarrel" he anticipated in the Demo- I
cratic camp, by giving them so vast an addi- !
tion to their office aspirants, is entirely over- ;
estimated. I place myself on statistical ground, j
The rebellion commenced early in 1861. It is :
a rare occurrence that a citizen becomes an !
office-holder before he reaches his twenty-fifth >
year. It can, therefore, be safely assumed that ,
when Uieuextgeneral election takes place—that lj
Is,1872—nobody under thirty-five years of age j
will be suffering under political disabilities. j
Taking the census of 1860 as the basis of an :
estimate, and allowing twenty-five per cent, j
increase up to 1872, the entire white male popu- I
lation above thirty-five years in the late rebel |
States will not amount to more than four hun- j
dred thousand. The usual proportion of the i1
non-office-holding citizens to the office- holders,
from.the President down to the county con-
stable, is about thirty to one os'iieer. Taking
all the probabilities into consideration, as well
as the fact that ever so many thousands are
already pardoned or on the point of being par-
doned, no estimate can establish a higher figure
than ten thousand persons laboring under dis-
ability in the southern States. Adding Ken-
tucky and Missouri, and ail northern States
which may contain disfranchised rebels, I feel
satisfied there are not more than fifteen thou-
sand disfranchised persons in the United States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. DBGENER. I appeal to the House for
more time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will be allowed to finish his remarks with-
out its coming out of the time of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Ohio yield the floor to me a
moment simply to make an arrangement?
Mr. BINGHAM. I will yield if it is not
taken out of my time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will
not be.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let my suggestion
be adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am try-
ing to make an arrangement. It is evident
many gentlemen desire to have a short debate
on this matter. I propose, therefore, that after
the hour of the gentleman from Ohio we have
ten-minutes speeches up to three o'clock, at
which ti me I shall call for the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is agreed to all round.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection?
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. Whoever has the floor at
three o'clock, the Chair will feel it to be his duty
to give the floor to the gentleman having charge
of the bill to call for the previous question.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the gentleman
from Texas have ten minutes longer, not to be
taken out of the time of the gentleman from
Ohio.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. DEGENER. Mr. Speaker, I stated that
there cannot be more than ten thousand, or all
over the United States not more than fifteen
thousand persons laboring under disability. It
will be conceded that this trifling number, com-
pared with the half million or so who hold office,
is perfectly unworthy of our consideration.
I contend, therefore, that the direct influence
of the third section of the fourteenth amend-
ment deserves no consideration. But it has
been stated that names are power, and if
we pass a general enfranchising act we shall
then have the pleasure of seeing the most bit-
ter rebels here in Congress. I do not believe
in such an eventuality. But suppose it came to
pass; what then? So far as 1 am personally
concerned I prefer a good, genuine, honest,
experienced ^ rebel for my colleague to the
"cat's-paws" they are now forced to send, who
have to do their bidding, and who, because of
their failure, of having suffered, fought, and
bled for the "lost cause," will accommodate
us with an extra dose of bitterness, spite, and
malice.
Mr. MAYNARD. We would not get a
great many of those men, but they would
come from the rebel congress of Richmond
and from that class of men who manipulated
the rebel armies, without incurring themselves
the dangers of the war.
Mr. DEGENER. If the gentleman from
Tennessee will listen to the end of my remarks
he will perhaps find an answer to his inquiry.
I said, Mr. Speaker, the direct influence of
the disability clause is numerically insignifi-
cantthe indirect influence, however, of the
disability law is highly important. Every per-
son has of course his circle of friends and
relatives—they may be ten, twenty, or thirty-
all of whom are exasperated that their friend
is deprived of a privilege to which his late slave
is admitted. Will not the friends of the dis-
franchised become our enemies? Will thev
not form a phalanx of Hundreds of thousands
against any Republican who may appear in
the field? It would be against human nature
to suppose^ that anything else'but heart-burn-
ings and bitterness could arise from a humili-
ation, be the humiliation realoronly imaginary.
