1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
The legitimate consequences, however, of
such bitterness are Kuklux Klans and White
Camelia associations. It was suggested the
other day by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] that this was no argument;
that it was a policy of fear. Fear, indeed!
We Union men and original abolitionists who
all through the war lived in the South, who,
to speak figuratively, have worn a tight cravat
through all those gloomy years, are not so
nervous as to entertain personal apprehensions.
There is, however, fear in the matter, but of
another kind—fear and deep anxiety that still
inore of that poor class whom your victories
have elevated from slaves to men may fall vic-
tims to the assassin's knife, still more than
were already sacrificed, and that we then should
stand convicted by our own conscience that it
was our fault. And why our fault? Because
we had not the moral courage to confess that
a law which was a necessity of war, an imper-
ative necessity for the reconstruction of the
Union, had become inoperative, then detri-
mental, ay, to such an extent that soon it will
be condemned by the majority of the Ameri-
can people as an outrage on republican prin-
ciples.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I wish to say that he has misappre-
hended me, and I do not care to go on the record
as he understood me. I said, and I say again,
that this would be interpreted by those who
desire the benefit of it as fear ; it would not be
accepted as a concession, but as a claim which
had been extorted, for the reason that every-
thing we have done so far has received that
construction, and this eminently would receive
that construction, that you had given it because
you dared not withdraw it and were afraid.
Mr. DEGENER. Mr. Speaker, in advo-
cating an amnesty bill I never intended that it
should be taken as a favor. I never expected to
earn any gratitude for giving such a boon to
the rebels.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Manxixg] ten
minutes.
Mr. DEGENER. Am I precluded from
finishing my remarks?
Mr. ALLISON. I hope the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Degexeh] will have his time
extended by unanimous consent.
Mr. DEGENER. I ask but five minutes
more. If it had not been for those interrup-
tions I would have been through now.
There was no objection.
Mr. DEGENER. I will simply ask a ques-
tion. Does the gentleman suppose he can carry
any presidential election, or that any party can
carry a presidential election that does not write
"amnesty" onitsfiag? I contend such a party
cannot win a victory. Such is my opinion, and
if now it is not shared by the majority ol the
Republican party, the gentleman from Tennes-
see will live to see the day when general am-
nesty is carried unanimously by the Republican
presidential convention.
This brings the question home, has the tinjo
arrived? and this is the point of difference in
our own ranks. We say the time has arrived,
and other gentlemen say, " Oh, let us wait, for
God's sake, only eighteen short months, and
then we will all agree." It is precisely an
analogous case hereon this floor to that in the
late Missouri election, where it was claimed
that the party should go ahead and make
amnesty a party measure, and others claimed
that everybody should vote as individually he
might feel inclined. I wish to know whether
the action which we propose to take now,
instead of eighteen months hence, smacks of
Democracy, or, what is still worse, whether it
is a bid lor Democratic votes? I am sure no
Democrat will vote for me. I never claimed
such a vote. If my name is not worthy to fig-
ure on the Republican ticket I.prefer to retire
from public life. Do gentlemen recollect, or
has it escaped their notice, that the Mississippi
Representatives and those from Alabama are
pledged by their platform to universal amnesty?
Do they not know that the Louisiana members
are all pledged to it ? Does this look like fawn-
ing to the Democracy? The Texans are under
no pledge nor bound by any platform.
The interests of their State, the interests of
the Union, which are identical with the integ-
rity of the national Republican party, are the
landmarks by which they go, and this has led
them to adopt the policy which I have now
advocated. We are fully aware that rigid logic
would demand universal, unqualified amnesty ;
but we know as well that the last chances of
universal amnesty were effectively buried a few
days ago. The Arlington bill was the ceme-
tery in which the funeral took place, and a
Democratic Senator was the undertaker.
My Texas colleagues and myself were hith-
erto of opinion that the best polioy would have
been to pardon everyone who had the man-
hood to ask for pardon over his own signature.
In this policy we were not sustained by the
action of Congress. We have a bill now on
the Speaker's table, which was passed by the
Senate in July last, relieving near four thou-
sand persons of their, political disabilities.
The bill is still hanging fire. We are of opin-
ion that pardon so reluctantly granted cannot
win friends to the Republican party, not even
among those who participate in the benefits of
the relief bill, but that it will prevent others
from applying for pardon. We have therefore
come to the conclusion that the interest of
the national Republican party imperatively
demands that we go a step further, and my
colleagues have authorized me to declare that
they intend to vote for the Bingham amend-
ment ; or if that should fail, that they will vote
for the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] If the Republican
party in a body will join us, we avoid the repe-
tition of a family quarrel which was magnified
into an earthquake, by which it was appre-
hended the national party would be destroyed.
The party, however, still livesand isas healthy
as ever. If the party, as such, will join us ic will
be a Republican victory. We then avoid the
repetition of a spectacle where a Republican
majority was beaten by a Republican minority
with the aid of the Democrats. United we
may claim the honor of having completed the
work of reconstruction. But whatever the
result of the vote may be, you cannot get rid
of us, we shall stand as true as ever for Repub-
lican principles, by your side.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now yield to the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Manning] for
ten minutes of my time.
Mr. MANNING. Mr. Speaker, although
one of the youngest members of this House,
and confessing to a feeling of great embarrass-
ment, I ask you to hear me a few words in
behalf of the people I have the honor to rep-
resent in part on this floor. It is now nearly
six years since a confederate soldier fired a
gun in defense of the "lost cause" and against
the Federal Union. Amnesty by this bill is
proclaimed to the great mass of the southern
people; and yet, to serve some purpose or
other, the leading men throughout the South
are not permitted to enter these Halls. If this
proscription is intended as a punishment to
them it does not amount to much, for the peo-
ple among whom they live, as they are singled
out from among them for punishment on ac-
count of then-prominence in the late rebellion,
a prominence to which they had been elevated
by their votes, wear them in their hearts, and
enshrine them higher and higher in their affec-
tions. By this course you but increase their
influence and heighten their importance. In a
party point of view the majority in this House
gainnothing, forwhiiewemay thusbeprevented
from sending our ablest and our best men to
help you in raising this stupendous edifice of
constitutional liberty, resting it firmly upon
the broad foundation of equal rights and just
laws, the South can and will send aien who
upon party questions will be just as sure to give
party votes and will know just as well how to
pronounce the party shibboleth.
I will not suppose that the maj-ority of this
House fear the influence of the silver-tongued
ox'ators, wise statesmen, and patriotic hearts
of the South. Does that majority entertain the
opinion that these men cherish in their hearts
a hatred for the Government of the United
States, a contempt for its laws, and a purpose
to set themselves f'actiously in opposition to
the reconstruction acts of Congress? If this
opinion is honestly entertained, as it doubtless
is by some, let me assure them that they are
mistaken. We are not fools, nor are we knaves ;
we stand pledged before the American people
to accept and to carry out in good faith the
reconstruction policy of Congress, and the
Legislature of North Carolina, but recently
elected, Democratic by a two-thirds majority,
has by act and deed made good this pledge,
notwithstanding what has been said by the
gentleman from Ohio, by electing a colored
man to office. Is this proscription intended
to make treason odious ? Why, it makes it
respectable, and makes heroes frequently out
of mer, who but for this would be undistin-
guished and overlooked. 1 see no possible
good that this prescriptive policy can do the
country at large or the Republican party, but,
in my humble judgment, it does the whole
country much harm, and is ruinous to the
southern States. A wise policy and a pru-
dent forethought for the future welfare of this
great people would indicate that " our bruised
arms should be hung up for monuments ; our
stern alarums changed to merry meetings;"
and the wise, the good, and the great should
be encouraged to assemble here; and under
this broad Dome, peopled with so many thou-
sands of cherished memories, renew our solemn
vows to the goddess of liberty, and strain every
nerve of brain and of body to promote the
prosperity, happiness, and union of this great
people; and to that end I pledge the Dem-
ocratic party of North Carolina.
In North Carolina we are poor, abused,
overwhelmed with debt, and oppressed. We
fret and chafe, not so much at Federal legis-
lation, though that has been most injurious to
us in many instances, but over our own State
legislation and government. We fret because
a Legislature, in two sessions, in a time of
great adversity, ran our public debt up from
$17,000,000to §39,000,000. We chafe because
our State bonds have been poured by millions
into the laps of irresponsible railroad presi-
dents, without any security or guarantee what-
ever that their proceeds would be applied to
the building of our railroads, and that all this
treasure should go into the pockets of bad men.
and our railroads hardly begun. We complain
because our offices are filled by incompetent
men; we mourn that the public peace is not
preserved; we are indignant at the arrest of our
citizens without warrant or authority of law,
and that after weeks of confinement in dun-
geons with felons and murderers it should be
admitted in open court that there is no evidence
against them, and, our State judges failing,
these men are discharged by a United Stales
Republican judge ; we are outraged by the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus and the
proclamation of military law ; and because we
complain and speak warmly and excitedly about
these things we are told that we are disloyal to
the Government of the United States, and that
the men upon whom we rely to retrieve our
State credit, to relieve our people, to protect
our lives and the little of property left us are
unfit to occupy their fathers' seats, and find the
doors of their fathers' mansions closed in their
faces; denounced as prodigals, but no way left
open for their return.
This bill does not propose to remove polit-
ical disabilities, but it proclaims amnesty for
crimes committed without law or under any
authority purporting to be law. This Congress
has removed the political disabilities of many
