February 7,
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Ahies,'Anthony, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Cattell. Gola, Conk!in£, Cragin,'
Edmunds, Fen ton, Ferry, H^miltonof Texas, Ham-
lin, Harris. Howe, Johnston. Lewis. MeCreery,
Morrill of Maine. Mortoii. ONye', Patterson, Pool,
Barnsey, Revels, Haniabury, Sawyer, Schurz, Spen-
cer, Sprague. Stearns, Stockton, Thayer, Tipton,
'Trumbull, Warper, and Yates—38. - • ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Iher<5 is net A
quorum; voti,ng. .
Mr. HARLAN.' I renew the motion, that
the Senate adjourn. . ; , .
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and forty minutes p. m,) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 7,1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bdtler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
trade with the provinces.
Mr. HOLMES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and, under the law, referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
report on thetrade between tb eStates and the prov-
inces ho printed; two thousand for the House, one
thousand for theSenato, and two thousand for distri-
bution in the provinces.
order 0? business.
Mr. CESSNA. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to make a personal explanation,
which may take twenty minutes, perhaps not
so long.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted.
Mr. STILES. I ask my colleague to yield
to me to offer a resolution for information.
Mr. PAINE, of Wisconsin. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield to me.
Mr. CESSNA. I will first yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Stales.]
sales of munitions op war.
Mr. STILES. I ask unanimous consent to
submit a resolution for consideration at this
time.
The SPEAKER. It will be read; after which
it will be in order to object to it.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War and the Sec-
retary of theNavy be requested to inform this House
what sales of arms, munitions, ordnance, and ord-
nance stores belonging to the United States have
been made by the War or Navy Departments, or
any bureaus or officers thereof, since the adjourn-
ment of Congress on the 15th day of July, 1870; and
whether such sales were made at public auction or
by receiving competitive bids for the articles sold,
or privately and without advertisement or competi-
tion ; the names of the purchasers of such articles,
and the disposition made thereof by them, if known
vo the Department, and whether the moneys derived
from such sales have been paid into the Treasury;
and if so, the dates and amounts.
Mr. ARNELL. I object, and call for the
regular order.
Mr. STILES. Will that call for the general
order cut off my colleague, [Mr. Cessna?]
The SPEAKER. It will not; for the House
has granted him unanimous consent to make
a personal explanation.
george chorpenning.
Mr. CESSNA. Before proceeding with what
I desire to say upon this occasion, I wish to
remark that, so far as I know, I propose to state
everything in my knowledge upon the subject
to which I expect to speak now; and I desire
•not to be interrupted.
Mr. Speaker, the Sunday Herald and Weekly
National Intelligencer of February 5, 1871,
in discussing the Chorpenning case, uses the
following language:
" So much for the Department. When we return
to Congress we find that Hon. John Cessna, of Penn-
sylvania, engineered the case through the House, and
as yet has not uttered a word in his own defense."
The gentleman froiii Massachusetts, chair-
man of the Committee of Appropriations in
this House, reported the rescinding resolution
in the Chorpenning case on Monday, January
30,-1871, and accompanied the resolution #ith
a speech i'H explanation of the case. I did not
know until a few minutes before the meeting
of the House at that time that action was
aboiit to be, proposed in regard to the case. I
made no reply at the time, for various reasons.
In the first place, I had no desire even to
attempt to prevent a full examination of the
whole question or to enforce #hat was eharged
to be an improper advantage, secured in part
by my instrumentality. In the second place,
I bad not a single paper in ray possession or
within my T'ffich from which I eonld obtain the
facts which I might have desired to present to
the House. And in the third place, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] in
his explanation, made no charges against me
of a personal character which seemed to re-
quire a denial at the time. On the contrary,
he used the following language:
"Nevertheless, a member of this House, interested
in behalf of one of his constituents, as many of us
are, and solicitous in his behalf, believing in good
faith, I have no doubt, that it was a justclalm; that
member interested himself in the manner I have
indicated, and got that resolution through on the
last day of the session."
And again: •
"I have not come here to toakedny charge) against
any officer or against any mornber of Congress."
Since the action of Congress on this subject
many comments and criticisms have aj^eared
in the press of the country. To these 1 am by
no means insensible. I have always endeav-
ored to accord to the press the utmost freedom
of discussion, and recognize in this one of the
most wholesome correctives of public opinion
and public action; yet, when this freedom of
the press is perverted and used to defame and
blacken character by charges of fraud, corrup-
tion, conspiracy, and other wrongs, without a
full knowledge of all the facts whereof they
speak, I beg to retnind those who indulge in
them that they often unjustly, although per-
haps unintentionally, destroy the character
and reputation for integrity of many a person
who values them above all price and seeks to
leave them unsullied to his children.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I beg the indulgence of
the House for a short time, while I proceed to
give the knowledge which I had of this case
and how I came to be connected with it. In
the first place, Major Chorpenning was and
is a citizen of my district—one of my constit-
uents. He and his family and friends reside
there. In the next place, one of his attorneys
in this case, Hon. Jeremiah S. Black, was pres-
ident judge of my native district when I was
admitted'to the bar and for several years there-
after. He then went upon the supreme bench
of our State, where he remained, after having
become chief justice, until he became a mem-
ber of the national Cabinet of the country.
I take pleasure here in saying that I have
always had a high regard and admiration for
the great learning and legal ability of Judge
Black, and the utmost confidence in his hon-
esty and integrity. I also had full confidence
in the learning and integrity of Mr. Earle,
another attorney of this claimant, and who,. I
think, came into the case in April or May, 1870.
In the third place, several of the witnesses
in the case were residents of my district, and,
although not citizens of my own county, were
indorsed by the leading citizens of both parties
of the county in which they lived, as men of
the highest character for integrity and vera-
city. And in the fourth place, from the facts
presented to me I did believe, and still do
believe, that there was and is money due to
Major Chorpenning. At the time I offered
the resolution, in July last, I did not know
that the claim was so large as the award of
the Postmaster General "makes it. I do not
doubt that he awarded what he believed to be
honestly and justly due. I have not yet had
time to examine carefully his report or the
mass of testimony which brought him to th.e
conclusion indicated by his award.
Early in February, 1870, Major Chorpen-
iring sent to me his petition, prepared, as I
supposed, by himself or his attorney. This
petition I presented to the House on the 10th
day of February, 1870, at which time it was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. I occasionally asked the
attention of the committee to the subject, and
did not intend nor expect to offer a resolution
on the subject myself until the 13th or 14th of
July, 1870.
Up to'that time I had supposed and believed
that the committee would be reached in regu-
lar order, and that a resolution would come
from the committee. But on one or the other
of these two days, when it was found the com-
mittee could not be reached again during the
session, the resolution was handed to me.; and
on the morning of the 14th of July I offered
it for consideratioirin the House. I did not
attemptnor desire to prevent discussion or con-
sideration of the resolution, but, on the con-
trary, when I made an effort to explain all
hearing was denied by a call for order or an
" objection to debate " coming from the oppo-
nents of the resolution.
The joint resolution was several times read,
and the vote was taken viva voce, then by a
division, and afterward by tellers. This was
on the 14th of July, and not on the last day
of the session, as has been charged. The
resolution was then sent to the Senate, and
there referred to the appropriate committee,
by which it was amended, reported to the Sen-
ate, passed, returned to the House, and the
amendment concurred in'.
I believe that a copy of the memorial or
petition of Chorpenning was presented to the
Senate and referred to the proper committee
some time during the session and before action
had been taken by the House. Th;s memorial
contained a brief statement of the complain-
ant's grievances, and was sent to the proper
committees, for the purpose of being exam-
ined and considered. The joint resolution was
handed to me by Mr. Earle, one of the coun-
sel, and by me delivered to the member of the
committee having the petition in charge, but
he never reported it. This occurred some
time, probably a week or ten days, before the
final adjournment. And, on the 14th day of
July, the resolution having been returned to
me, I offered it for consideration in the House.
I made no effort to conceal anything, and if
sufficient examination and consideration were
not given to the subject it was not by reason
of any desire or wish, and scarcely from any
lack of a contrary effort, on iny part.
The so-called report of the committee con-
tained, as I supposed, a brief and truthful
statement of the facts in the case. It was pre-
pared and handed to me by the petitioner's
counsel, Mr. Earle, and by me delivered to the
sub-committee. This report was never made
by the committee to nor consideied by the
House, and conseqaently never really became
a part of the proceedings of the House in
the case. It is alleged that it was presented
to the Postmaster General by claimant's attor-
neys in the hearing of the case. It seems that
the_ attorneys and the Postmaster General
believed the paper to be the report of the
committee, but in so doing I think they were,
unintentionally, in error.
I have already said I believed that some-
thing was honestly due Major Chorpenning.
His claims originate in contracts for carrving
the mails prior to 18o7, made with the Post
Office Department, and by virtue of an act
of ^Congress for his relief approved March 8,
1857. lhis act allowed to the contractor
$30,000 instead of $14,000 per annum, from
the 1st of July, 1853, to the 1st of July, 1858.
It also authorized and directed the Postmas-
ter General to adjust and settle the claims of
the contractor, allowing a pro rata increase
of compensation : first, for supplying the Car-
son's Valley office with mail from Sacramento
whenever the service over the direct route was
