1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
why go further back than that, the years 1860
and 1861, for exceptions to a general law if you
also except those who have since your act of
May last, in violation of the Constitution, held
office?
We have already here, sir, been engaged in
the unseemly work of retailing, as my learned
friend by my side suggested to me this morn-
ing, privileges under the Constitution. We
have been subjected to the charge, in the per-
formance of this work, of having retailed them
by favor in the interest of a party. I acquit
the great party of the people of any such pur-
pose; yet I would have the party on this day
and at this hour avoid all appearauce of such
a wrong as that. For myself, sir, in all the
cases where I have voted heretofore for the
removal of disabilities I never stopped to
inquire, and in no instance am I conscious did
I even know to which party the citizen relieved
belonged, whether he was a Republican or a
Democrat. I was satisfied by the report of the
committee that the bill ought to be passed, and
therefore I rec'orded my vote accordingly in
every instance. Consider what we have already
done, that we have removed the disabilities of
several thousands. Why not act in the same
spirit and relieve all from these disabilities by
a general law save the few excepted by the
pending amendment? You have the power to
pass such a law; there can be no question
about its validity.
Why not end the vexed question now as to
all the people save the few hundred excepted
by the proposed amendment? The chief dif-
ference, so far as the question of disabilities is
concerned, between tlie bill reported by the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] and the amendment proposed by me
is this: the bill leaves subject to the disabilities
of the Constitution men who held office at any
time as far back as forty or fifty years. To make
my meaning clear, the fact that fifty years ago
some person in North Carolina, or some other
State, held the office of county magistrate or
of justice of the peace, and a3 such took an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and afterward held certain offices under
the confederate States, is to be deemed cause
for denying him the benefit of amnesty. Mr.
Speaker, it seems to me gentlemen ought to
consider that something is due to men who
yield to theforceof circumstances. These men
who were excluded by the exceptions of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and by some
of the exceptions of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, many of them are aged men, who, sur-
rounded by the shadows of the grave, yielded
to circumstances which they could not control.
Ofthose subject todisabihtiesunderthe four-
teenth amendment thousands were old men
when the armed revolt against the Constitution
and laws burst upon us like a liorrid appari-
tion, and it may be that it is true that many of
them clung to the falling pillars of the Republic
until the last hope was gone; it may be that
they adhered to their ancient allegiance with a
fidelity never surpassed by any man who hon-
ors me with his attention this duy ; it may be
that they stood by your flag and lifted up their
withered hands to the God of nations for the
restoration of the Constitution and^ the main-
tenance of the Republic until the voice of their
country was lost in the roar of battle, and in
the great conflict its arm was shortened that it
could not save! God forbid, sir, that I should
ever by word or act consent to strike any such
man. Let all such men be restored, and_ in
restoring them let us hope that they will bring
with them all near to them in this life. t
There are clans in this country following the
fortunes of the men of whom I have spoken
equal to that clan of Scotland to which refer-
ence was made in this discussion the other
day Let us bring all these back to the sup-
port of the Constitution, of the Union, and the
supremacy of the laws.
Mr Speaker, I have said enough, and more
than enough, to vindicate and justify what I have
proposed. If it were my poor judgment only,
I would not venture in this audience to say
there is wisdom in the proposition which 1 have
offered. In my judgment, sir, the proposition
is but the echo of the people's voice. Can we,
sir, mistake the spirit and the temper in which
the people have undertaken the work of restor-
ing the broken fabric of the Union? Ponder
upon their own words, incorporated in their
Constitution ; ponder upon that immortal line
of the fourteenth amendment, which will live as
long as our language lives, in which that great
and triumphant people have declared—
"No State shall deny" * * * " "to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-
tion of the laws"—
Not of its laws, but of the laws, and above
all other laws, of the law of the Republic, the
Constitution itself, which is the supreme law
of the land—
"anything in the constitution or laws of any State
to the contrary notwithstanding."
What did this great people proclaim by the
adoption of that amendment, with one unbroken
voice, from Maine to California and to Oregon?
It was this: that neither the Carolinas, nor
Ohio, nor New York, nor Pennsylvania, nor
any other State in this Union, shall deny to
the chiefest offender hitherto against the rights
of this people the equal protection of the laws,
and especially of the Constitution and of all
laws made in pursuanceof it; equal protection
with the first man in the Republic. In other
words, it places Davis and Toombs and Sli-
dell and Benjamin, who were of the architects
of that atrocious revolt, under like protection
of the law with Grant and Sherman and Sher-
idan, wherever they might be in the Republic,
thereby proclaiming them citizens of the United
States, and as such by the people's decree,
which no man shall question, entitled to the
equal protection of the laws, and that no State
should deny to any of them the equal protection
of the laws. That is the decree of the Republic,
protected by which is every man who joined
in armed revolt against the life of the republic.
They are thereby assured in the general rights
of citizens of the United States, and enabled
in everyplace proudly and truthfully to exclaim,
" I, too, though thegreatest of offenders against
its laws, am a citizen of the Republic."
How vain to talk, in the presence of such a
record, of holding fast to the disability simply
to hold office imposed upon men who, it may
be, were constrained to participate in rebellion,
and upon whom a temporary disability for office
was imposed for the sole reason, as I said be-
fore^! facilitating the work of reconstruction !
It is useless for gentlemen to undertake to
assign any reason for continuing the disabili-
ties of such persons. Itis an old maxim of the
law, quite familiar to you, Mr. Speaker, that
the reason of the law is the life of the law,
and when the reason ceases the law ceases,
or ought to cease. The reason of this disability
then was simply to facilitate, to promote, and
to secure, without let or hinderance, the res-
toration of the Republic, the reconstruction of
the fabric of the Union in its entirety and in
its completeness. That has been done, and, I
trust, effectually done.
To show that I cannot be mistaken as to the
reason for the imposition of the disability, I
ask Representatives to consider, further, that
the people took care to incorporate, for the first
time in our history, in their fundamental law,
the extraordinary provision that this constitu-
tional disability to hold office, State or national,
civil or military, might be removed by an act
of Congress, two thirds of each House consent-
ing thereto. Do you suppose the people incor-
porated that provision in the Constitution with
the inient that the power given by it should
never be exercised? Is there any man here
who is ready to say that it is his conviction that
it was intended by the people who adopted the
fourteenth article of amendment that the dis-
ability which it imposes should be perpetual:
that this law of the people, like the laws of the
Medes and Persians, should be unchangeable
and irrevocable forever? The people have
answered that question in the words I have
cited: that the Congress of the United States,
two thirds of each House consenting thereto,
may remove the disability. That answer ex-
cludes all conclusions to the contrary.
Mr. Speaker, this Congress, as well as the
preceding Congress, as noticed, acting in the
spirit of the amendment, have already removed
the disabilities of several thousand men who
by reason of their participation in the rebel-
lion, and in violation of their previous oath to
support the Constitution of the United States,
were ineligible to any office whatever, State or
national.
The question now is, whether we shall not
take another step forward and remove the dis-
abilities of all persons to hold office, provided
the people choose to elect them to office, save
those who were the chiefs in organizing and
aiding the rebellion. That is the purpose of
my amendment. I am not unfamiliar, as the
members of this House are not unfamiliar,
with the names of the men who were prom-
inent in organizing and carrying forward the
rebellion. I have felt it to be my duty to
except from the operation of the amendment
which I have offered those who in'I860 and
1861 were under the obligation of an official
oath to support the Constitution, and who,
regardless of that obligation, did organize and
aid the rebellion; and also to except those
under disability who, in violation of the Con-
stitution and law, have since the 1st of June
last held office. I am not prepared to vote
their eligibility to seats in the House or in the
Senate. I leave them a3 they are, under the
general protection of the laws, enjoying nil
the privileges of citizens of the United States
save the privilege of holding the trust of office,
civil or military, State or national. But, sir,
it seems to me a duty which we owe to the
country, and which is enjoined by our oaths,
to remove the disabilities of all other persons
and classes.
As nearly as I can ascertain, there are about
twenty thousand men scattered throughout this
country who are under the disabilityof the four-
teenth amendment, the majority of "whom, I
undertake to say, all things considered, are as
guiltless of theircountry's blood as we ourselves
are. It is a very easy thing for a man to say
that it is a great shame, a great dishonor, a
great crime to violate an oath, contrary to its
spirit as well as its letter, in aid of an unjust,
an unnatural, and unrighteous rebellion. But
let gentlemen before they pronounce that judg-
ment be just and consider the circumstances
and the surroundings of these men, and apply
to the case the time'honored rule of the com-
mon law—which is the common sense and the
common judgment of mankind the world over—
that what a man does by coercion be is not
responsible for, and is not guilty in that behalf,
either before God or man. That is the condi-
tion, as I have before said, of the majority of
the persons who, anterior to the organization
of this revolt, in theeailier days of the Repub-
lic. held office, and in their old age yielded to
that cruel necessity which made them, in seem-
ing at least, agree and consent to the overthrow
of the Union and of the Constitution.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that, in view of the
short time allowed me for this discussion, I
have said all that it is needful for me to say
in explanation or support of the amendment
which I have offered. I desire to say further,
that if it be the pleasure of the House to vote
down the amendment which I have offered,
the adoption of which would, I believe, bring
healing to the nation, strength to the Consti-
tution and to the laws, then, acting upon the
principle with which I opened, I shall do the
next thing best to be done, in my judgment,
support the proposition of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] But, sir, under
no circumstances can I feel at liberty to sup-
port the bill reported by the honorable gentle-
