204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] The
gentleman asks me sotto voce what I would do
with the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth.] I say that as at
present advised I deem it my duty to vote
against it, and shall act accordingly.
I now come to give additional reasons why
in my judgment the bill reported by the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts ought
not to receive the sanction of this House. Let
me prcface what I have to say upon this sub-
ject by remarking that it gave me joy to hear
the catholic sentiments uttered by the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts in opening
this debate. Those sentiments did honor alike
to his head and to his heart. With all respect
to the honorable gentleman, I must say that
the bill is not in accord with the grand words
which he uttered in opening the debate, to
the effect that he was ready to forgive every-
body. If the people were prepared for it, if I
were quite certain it would bring no detriment
to the Republic, I would go with the gentle-
man in that and support the proposition of
the gentleman from Illinois, and in that way
have done with this question. I have, how-
ever, already given my reasons for not sup-
porting that measure, and I do not propose to
repeat them. But the bill of the gentleman
from Massachusetts is one thing and his speech
is another.
I have anticipated somewhat, perhaps, ob-
jections to the gentleman's bill which would
properly be noticeable at this point. One of
my objections to the bill is, briefly stated, that
it relieves those who, in my judgment, ought
not to be relieved, and .denies relief to those
who, in my judgment, ought not longer to be
bound. That is an insurmountable objection
to the bill. The gentleman (though it strikes
me this is an inadvertence upon his part) does
not in the bill fully except fioin its provisions
of amnesty those who have defiantly, and in
disregard and contempt of the Constitution,
since the 1st day of June last, held and exer-
cised the functions of jjublic office, asserting
by their acts, which speak louder than their
words, that they hold the fourteenth article of
amendments and the act for its enforcement
alike void and of no effect. That is a question
which I desire to see tried in the courts; and
no man can complain if we reserve that ques-
tion for decision in the tribunals of justice.
The question can come, as I understand, for
ultimate review in some form before the Su-
preme Court of the United States. Seventy
prosecutions or more are now pending against
persons for holding office since June last in
violation of the Constitution and the act of May
31, 1870. I regret that there was ever any
necessity for instituting -these prosecutions.
Th3y have all been instituted since the 1st
day of iast June. Let those cases be tried and
determined.
- Do gentlemen say that there may be sub-
jected to indictment under this law some man
who has unwittingly been guilty of this offense
against the Constitution and. the laws? I answer
by asking gentlemen to consider that in all such
cases the pardoning power is, by the Constitu-
tion, in the Executive: that it is not competent
for the Congress of the United States either to
enlarge it, or in any sense to restrict that power.
The President—and I am willing to trust bim —
may extend his pardoning power, and relieve
all such persons at once from prosecutions that
may be pending against them. I trust that this
will satisfy gentlemen ofthe South who may have
some feeling on this point.
Mr. Speaker, there are other and weightier
objections to the bill reported by the honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts. One other
objection, wbiuh I think ought to be fatal in the
judgment of every man, including the honor-
able gentleman himself, is that he undertakes
to extend amnesty by act of Congress to the
defenders of the Republic. Sir, the statute
of 20 George II, cited by the honorable gen-
tleman, will not avail him for this occasion.
Even the Parliament of England, claiming to
be omnipotent, and, as Coke expressed it, pos-
sessed of that transcendent power which can
attaint a man even after he is dead, never
claimed the power attempted to be asserted in
this bill—that the defenders of the law, those
who were so true to themselves that they could
not be false to any man, especially to their
country, might be made the subject of amnesty
by an act of the Legislature.
The defenders of the laws might well have
indemnity against those who seek to plague
and harass them ; but amnesty, sir, is forgive-
ness ; and where there is nothing to forgive,
not God himself, I speak it with all reverence,
can grant amnesty, much less the Congress of
the United States. What is there to be for-
given, sir, on the part of Grant and Sheridatl
and Thomas, who led their armies through the
fire and the thick darkness of battle to crush
this rebellion and save the nation's life? For-
giveness, indeed! They may be entitled to
indemnity against rebels in the courts, that we
have extended to them ; and the gentleman is
engaged in the supererogatory work of reenact-
ing what we have already done in that behalf.
I undertake to say, as a lawyer, there is not an
indemnity or protection secured or pretended
to be secured to the defenders of the laws by
the bill reported by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that is not already on your statute-
books. But, sir, I would count myself dis-
honored to sit in my place here, and, either
directly or indirectly, consent that amnesty was
applicable to the defenders of the Union and
the Constitution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. With the
gentleman's permission, I will interrupt him for
a moment. Amnesty means forgetfuiness and
not forgiveness.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman has an
astute intellect: but. sir, the authority which
he quoted, Bouvier's Law Dictionary, will not
sustain him in saying that amnesty is only
forgetfuiness. It may include forgetfuiness;
it may include oblivion ; but, sir, it includes
forgiveness. Forgetfuiness, indeed ! Who is
going to forget the grand army that bore your
banner of giory and beauty from the mountains
to the sea under the lead of Sherman? Can
this Congress declare forgetfuiness, by bill or
joint resolution, of the triumph of your flag?
It will not do, sir ; there can be no defense of
it! There is no excuse for it. If it were pos-
sible to do such a thing as enact forgetfuiness
of what was done and suffered for the laws, it
should not be done. •
Mr. Speaker, there is futher objection to this
bill. The bill asserts a power m this House
which, I undertake to say, no king of England,
at any time within the last two centuries, in
the exercise of his kingly prerogative, even
of that prerogative which dictated to his obse-
quious courtiers in Parliament the passage of
the amnesty act to which reference has been
made, has dared to assert; nor could it be
done to-day by the queen and Parliament of
England without imperiling the throne and
kingdom.
I refer, sir, to the provision of this bill which
undertakes to turs out of the courts all suitors
of the United States who have gone into the
tribunals of justice for the vindication of a
right or the redress of a wrong. Sir, theframers
of the Constitution, those grand and kingly men,
men, fit to bear the truncheon of empire and
to found here at the going down of the sun a
Government of the people and for the people,
have put in the forefront of the Constitution,
never to be forgotten, a protest against all such
legislation, by declaring that to establish jus-
lice this Constitution is ordained. What is
justice but to give'to every man his due? If
there is a citizen of the llepublic wronged in
his person or unlawfully injured in his prop-
erty, are you to say by lav/ the courts shall be
closed against hira for the vindication of his
violated rights of person, or for the redress
of wrongs suffered in his property? It, is no
answer for the gentleman to refer to indemnity.
There was no wrong and could be no wrong in
defending the Constitution, and it was the duty
of the Republic to protect by indemnity its own
defenders. If there is anything settled in law,
whether under a monarchy or a republic, it is
that those who take their lives in their hands
and turn away from the quiet of home to stand
in the front, it may be to lay down their lives a
sacrifice for the supremacy of the law, are enti-
tled to indemnity for all they do in the national
service and in defense of its authority and in
obedience to its laws.
I think it may be safely affirmed that what-
ever is necessary to the security of a Stale
is just, with this qualification, that what is
inherently unjust is never necessary.
It.is written in the Constitution that Con- .
gress shall have power to declare war, to pro-
vide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws ofthe Union, suppress insurrections,
and repel invasions, and to make all laws neces-
sary and proper for carrying these powers into
execution. What 'could be -more necessary
or proper for carrying the power to suppress
insurrection into execution than to indemnify
by law all who in obedience to the laws aided
in suppressing armed insurrection ? That is
indemnity: that is what Congress lias done:
but that is not amnesty, as proposed by this
bill, to the defenders of the laws; nor, above
all, is it amnesty, as proposed by this bill, for
all tr&'-ons and all acts done or omitted in
aid of or concerning the rebellion.
There is, sir, on this floor a Representative
of the people who has been incarcerated by
rebels for no crime but for fidelity to duty as
a citizen of the United States, who has lain
in dungeons for long and weary months, who
is now asking for redress of the great wrongs
he has suffered in the courts ; and we are
to pass a bill turning him out of court and
compelling him to pay the costs! Why, Mr.
Speaker, the American Congress that will pass
an act like this is not removed one single
degree—I say it with all respect—from those
conspirators who ten years ago organized delib-
erately that revolt which filled this land with
dead ! The bill ought to be rejected for that
reason. What is it but an attempt to close
the doors of justice against good and loyal
citizens ?
I regret that I am compelled to speak hastily
and incoherently by reason of the brief lime to
which I am limited. I would esteem it a priv-
ilege to speak with that gravity and that delib-
eration which become the subject.
Gentlemen need not answer me that those
who did acts of cruelty to person, who did acts
of violence to property, as this bill reads, "con-
cerning or in aid of the rebellion," are to be
indemnified by the Government of the United
States on the ground that they acted under the
instructions of a government de facto. I have
two answers to make to that suggestion. The
first is, that if there be any question of the sort
possible, it is a judicial question, and the courts
should decide it. My second answer, sir, is
that no government de facto, organized within
the territorial limits of this Republic, can jus-
tify any act of trespass against private persons
or private property; and the Government of
the United States has no power to pass any act
of indemnity or any act of amnesty or any act
of extenuation whatever touching such viola-
tions of the rights of persons or the rights of
property by organized conspirators within the
jurisdiction of the United States. In other
words, I submit that what is forbidden, abso-
lutely forbidden by the Constitution of the
country, and forbidden by the laws of the coun-
try passed in pursuance of that Constitution,
never can be justified by the action of any
de faclo government within the territorial
limits of this Republic; nor can any Congress
ofthe United States ever give to it the sanc-
tion of law.
Mr. Speaker, I believe I have now said all
that I have time or opportunity to say. Within
