1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
highest respeot. Besides, what they certify concern-
ing the character of Mr. A. J. Sohell is true, to my
knowledge. He is a man of high character for in-
tegrity-and moral uprightness.
J- S. BLACK.
March 24,1870. ■ __
We, the undersigned, members of the bar and citi-
zens of Somerset county, Pennsylvania, take pleas-
ure in stating that we are personally acquainted
with Irwin H. Pile, whose name is signed to the
foregoing affidavit, and that we believe him to be
an honest man, worthy of credit,'and one whose
testimony would be fully accepted in our courts of
justice.
CYRUS METERS,
F. J. KOOSER.
DENNIS MEYERS,
ED. SCULL,
H. L. BAElt,
D. J. HORNER.
VALENTINE HAY,
G. LINT,
J. W. PATTON,
W. R. SANNER,
I JAMES B. 6AITHER,
A. J. COLBORNE,
JOHN KNABLE,
A. T. ANKENY.
M. A. SANNER.
WILLIAM H. PICKING,
WILLIAM H. K00NXZ,
JOHN H. UHL.
We, the undersigned, citizens of Somerset county,
Pennsylvania, are personally acquainted with G. Le
Roy Benford, whose name is affixed to the forego-
ing affidavit, and believe him to be a man of truth-
fulness and veracity.
A. J. COLBORNE,
JOHN KNABLE.
A..J. ANKENY,
M. A. SANNER,
WILLIAM H. PICKING,
WILLIAM H. KOONTZ,
JOHN H. UHL.
CYRUS MEYERS.
F. J. KOOSER.
DENNIS MEYERS,
EDWARD SCULL,
H. L. BAER.
D. J. HORNER,
VALENTINE HAY,
G. LINT.
JAMES B. GAITHER,
J. W. PATTON,
W. R. SANNER.
I need hardly add, Mr. Speaker, that these
are among the most respectable citizens of ray
district; and, upon a hasty examination, I find
that many of the most important facts con-
sidered by the Postmaster General in making
his award are established by the testimony
of these "witnesses, whose characters for truth
and veracity are so strongly indorsed by their
fcllow-citizens.
I have made this explanation without the
slightest expectation or intention of changing
or attempting to change the action of this
House in the premises, but; with an earnest
desire to place upon the record the reasons
for my action'on the subject. If I have been
overzealous, or too confiding, or failed to
make more satisfactory explanations of the
case at the time—although this I was not per-
mitted to do—I am willing to accept and endure
my full share of any just criticisms that may
be fairly merited by any such errors. To such
of the editors and correspondents of those
newspapers who have seen fit to impugn my
motives and charge upon me a corrupt pur-
pose, and upon the rostmaster General and
others a great conspiracy, I beg leave to add
a few words. They assert that after the pas-
sage of the resolution of July 15, 1870, Mr.
Earle resigned his situation as Assistant Post-
master General in order to take charge of this
case. The petition was drawn and presented
in I?ebruary, 1870; and I do not remember to
have seen or heard of Mr. Earle in the case
for two or three months after that time; but
I do remember that on the first Monday of
December, 1869, when I came to Washington,
Mr. Marshal, the present First Assistant Post-
master General, was occupying that position.
It is charged that Mr. Creswell was. upon
the floor of the House in July last urging the
passage of the resolution. I unhesitatingly
assert and declare that I never saw Mr. Cres-
well upon the floor of the House or else-
where-in July, or at any other time, on any
such errand. - Of course I cannot speak as to
what occurred with others; but I do certainly
know that he never said anything' to me on
the subject. I do also most positively declare
that after the passage of the resolution of July
15,1870,1 never wrote to Mr. Creswell a single
line upon the subject; nor did I ever call upon
him in regard to the matter. In August, 1870,
when in the Post Office Department, on busi-
ness connected with a mail route in my dis-
trict, I asked Mr. Creswell if he had examined
the Chorpenning case, he replied, "I have
.not.'1 Not another word, either at that or
any other time, ever passed between us in
regard to the resolution of July 15, 1870, or
the case required to be settled thereby. "
This resolution was approved July 15, 1870.
Mr. Creswell made his ^ward December 23,
1870, and up to January 13, 1871, the claim
was not audited. Surely if this claim was a
wholesale fraud, and those who favored it were
only conspirators, the delay and stupidity of
the actors were never equaled by the doings of
any conspiracy which came under ray observa-
tion. I do also most solemnly declare, Mr.
Speaker, in your presence, in the presence of
my fellow-members, and before the whole
country, that I never did receive, nor agree
to receive, nor was I ever offered, either in this
case or in any other case, during the sessions
of this Congress, or in any other public posi-
tion of my past life, for any official act, a sin-
gle farthing except the salary prescribed by
law for the position I occupied. If there be
a single member of this House who has any
reason to believe otherwise, I beg him to insti-
tute an investigation and press it with vigor
and energy. I also most positively assert that
I have not and never had any knowledge of
or any interest in any "ring" or "job," and
never knew a member of any such "ring."
I have never in my life been interested directly
or indirectly in any Government contract what-
ever to the extent of a single dollar. I have
never sold anything to nor bought anything
from the Government..
If, among all the editors and correspond-
ents who are now criticising me so severely,
or if among all the citizens of the Republic,
even among my most bitter personal enemies
or political adversaries, there be a single one
who knows or can show that anything I have
here asserted is not true, I earnestly invite him
to come forward and establish his position. I
will waive all statutes of limitation and all
questions of jurisdiction, and allow him to
select his own tribunal for the investigation
and trial.
I have not much of this world's goods; have
been in public position, occasionally, for more
than twenty years, and have Endeavored so to
demean myself in such positions as to retain
the confidence of those who know me; and hope
to leave for my children and friends a reputa-
tion for honesty and integrity of which they
need not be ashamed.
I thank the House for the courtesy extended
me by granting leave to say this much.
[George Chorpenning.
(To accompany bill H. It. No. 541.)
August 5,1856.
Mr. Barclay, from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads made the following report:
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
to whom was referred the petition of George Chor-
penning, jr., submit the following report:
The claim of the petition grows out of losses in-
curred by Indian hostilities and extra services per-
formed in the transportation of the mails from Cali-
fornia to Salt Lake from the year 1851 down to the
present time.
On the- 1st of May, 1851, the petitioner, and one
Absalom Woodward, since deceased, took a contract
for carrying the mails on route No. 5066, from Sacra-
mento city, via Carson's Valley and Humboldt's or
St. Mary's river, to Salt Lake City. The compensa-
tion was $14,000 per annum, and the mails were to be
transported monthly each way.
This mail route had been then just established,
and the enterprise was entirely new, both to the
Government and the contractors. Little was known
as to the practicability of the service, because tile
emigration to California had notyet fully developed
the character of the country and made known the
obstacles existing to prevent the complete success
of the undertaking. The contractors, however, com-
menced the performance of their duties in the most
vigorous manner. They soon explored the country
lying between Salt Lake and Sacrnmento, and thor-
oughly tested the practicability of the route desig-
nated in their contract. It lay across the Sierra
Nevada and Goose Creek mountains, at points
where there was no depression or pass, and which,
in the season of snow, were impassable to mules and
horses, and could only be crossed on foot by the use
of snow-shoes. Some of the streams on the route
proved to be deep and rapid, with rugged banks,
and of course without bridges.
But in addition to these natural obstacles, a more
serious difficulty existed in the unexpected hostility
of the Indians. From the beginning to the end of
this contract, there was perpetual warfare between
the mail trains and the savages infesting the route.
The parties in charge of the mails could only protect
them and preserve their own lives by the exercise of
constant military vigilance, caution, and courage.
JSven these did not always suffice to save them.
Many lives were lost, and very large amounts of
property stolen and destroyed.
The contractors themselves conductcd their trains
and participated in all the labors and dangers of
their men. They were the true pioneers in this diffi-
cult and honorable service, and suffered their full
share of the melancholy disasters which attended it,
The committee do not deem it necessary to enter
into any detail of the labors, sufferings, and losses
of the contractors in their energetic and heroic
efforts to perform the service, their wounds in their
warfare with the Indians, their sufferings from pri-
vation and cold for long periods in the mountains,
the loss of their animals by the Indians and by tho
snow and cold, the necessity of livingupon the flesh
of their dead mules, and their painful and labori-
ous marches on foot, carrying the mails upon their
backs. These are sufficiently stated in their petition,
and are fully established by theproof. Butthecom-
mittee cannot omit to refer to the sad catastrophe
which befell the train that left Sacramento in No-
vember, 1851. This train consisted of four men, nine
mules, and one horse, under the charge of Absalom
Woodward, one of the contractors. It met the oppo-
site train from Salt Lake near Humboldt's river and
sent back information that it had encountered sev-
eral hundred Indians and driven them from the
road,and had traveled seventy-two miles on theday
succeeding the conflict. This was the last inform-
ation received for several months from this intrepid
baridof public servants. Intense anxiety prevailed
both at Sacramento and Salt Lake as to the fate of
the party.
The fact of its starting in November was known
at the latter place through travelers by thfe south-
ern route; but the melancholy particulars of the
loss of the whole party were not known until the
spring following. Edson Oady, in charge of the Feb-
ruary train from Sacramento, had lost his mules in
he mountains, and, leaving his arms, saddles, and
other property concealed, had been forced to pack
the mails in on the backs of his men. Returning
for the property left behind, they came upon the
remains of the unfoitunate Woodward. Soon after-
ward the Indian agent for Utah Territory went out
among the Indians and ascertained the particulars
of Woodward's death. The Indians stated thatthey
had attacked Woodward's party on Huuiboldt river
and killed two of his men; the pursuit was kept up
for some time, when the other two met the same
fate. Woodward was wounded, but, being mounted
on a good mule, he escaped, and the Indians did not
know of his death. The agent states in his affidavit
that he saw the spot where Woodward's clothes and
papers were found, and there, still tied to a bush,
was a piece of his lariat with which he seems to
have tied the mule when he dismounted to rest and
to die. There, in that lohfcly spot, wounded, faint,
and bleeding, without a drop of water, far from
friends, and surrounded by savage foes—perhaps in
his agony praying that his pursuers might overtake
and dispatch him—the heroic man gave up his spirit
to God and his body to the wild beasts of the desert.
Shortly afterward the Indian agent states that he
met the petitioner in charge of the train from Sacra-
mento city; and again, afterward, he met Mr. Chor-
penning alone, himself carrying the mails from Salt
Lake City to California. This rash and daring ad-
venture soems to have been a matter of necessity,
arising from the repeated and overwhelming losses
of men and mules, the destruction of the contractor's
means, and the necessity of leaving his two men to
transport the next month's mail. Through almost
incredible dangers and difficulties, not without suc-
cessful conflict with the Indians. Mr. Chorpenning
arrived safely with the mails at Sacramento city.
The disastrous experience of the first and part of
the second winterdemonstrated tho impracticability
of this route, and forced the contractor to apply to
the special agent in California for change of sched-
ule during the several months of the year, so that he
might transport the mail over the southern route
through the Cajon pass of the Sierra Nevada. This
change was authorized by the special agent and
approved by the Department. Accordingly, for ten
months the mails were, carried by river to San Fran-
cisco, by sea to San Pedro, and through the counties
of Los Angeles and San Bernardino to Salt Lake,
increasing the length of the route by at least five
hundred miles. This arrangement supplied the two
important counties aforesaid, which were otherwise
without mails, and also afforded facilities to tho
settlement of Parrovan, Cedar City. Fillmore, and
several others? equally flourishing. But a post office
