1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
the limits of the time allotted to me I have
endeavored to present this question to the con-
sideration of the House. If I were allowed to
indulge here in an argument in the interest
simply of a party I would proceed to show to
the members of this House how it would inure
to the benefit of a party—of the Republican
party, if you please, made up of the foremost
men of every former political party in this
country—to pass the amendment which I have
offered. But, sir, it is not proper that I should
indulge in remarks of that sort here or press
such considerations upon the House. I may be
permitted, however, to assure gentlemen that
I am as deeply interested in the success of that
organization, and in the final triumph of the
great principles of which it has stood the rep-
resentative from the day of its organization to
this hour, according to the measure of my
ability, as any man within the limit3 of the
Republic.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that this amnesty, as it
is called, as far as it is possible to extend it,
may be extended here and now, so that the
dominant party in this House may not here-
after be engaged in the pitiful business of
doling out privileges one by one to the citizens
of the Republic. I ask, sir, that it may be
extended to those who were but yesterday, by
compulsion, in arms against the Republic, to
the end that all the world may witness another
exhibition of the magnanimity and justice of
that great and triumphant people who carried
the fourteenth amendment into the Constitu-
tion and charged us with the duty of exercis-
ing the great power, of freeing from the dis-
ability which it temporarily imposed. I ask,
sir, that the amendment which I have proposed
may be adopted, to the end that the strifes and
divisions and animosities kept constantly alive
by the sense of personal degradation, and by
the sense of wrong to twenty thousand of our
countrymen, may be taken away.
I ask, Mr. Speaker, that it may be adopted,
to the end that the people of this land may again
become a united people, with one country, one
Constitution, and one destiny ; that our whole
heaven may be again filled with the serene
light of peace, resting, like the benediction of
God, upon every human heart and every human
hearth; that the world may have another assur-
ance that the Republic, the refuge of liberty,
the sanctuary of an inviolable justice, still lives
one and indivisible, now and forever.
message from the president.
A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, who further informed the House
that the President had approved and signed
bills of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 272) for the reliefof
Alfred E. Brooks, postmaster at llion, New
York : and
A bill (H. R. No. 880) for the relief of Law-
rence L. Merry, collector of internal revenue
for the twentieth district of New York.
amendment 01' 'j'awj' l.aws.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2590) to declare
the meaning and intention of the eighth sec-
tion'of the act to increase the duties on im-
Means, and, with an accompanying petition,
ordered to be printed.
amnesty.
The House resumed theconsulc-rauoii of the
amnesty bill.
Mr. FITCH. It may be, Mr. Speaker, that
the adoption of more vigorous and vengeful
measures toward the leaders of the rebellion
five years ago would have furnished greater
security against future treason than we now
possess ; but certainly it is too late at this day
to inaugurate a policy which might once have
struck terror where now it can only provoke
hatred.
If we had sent a corps of surveyors and a
multitude of settlers in the rear of our armies;
if we had followed conquest by confiscation of
the lands, and confiscation by immediate armed
occupation; if we had disqualified from hold-
ing oflice and disfranchised from voting every
man in or out of the confederate army who par-
ticipated in the rebellion, we would perhaps
have done no more than under the precedents
of history which have been cited here we had
a right to do. But at the close of the war the
nation deliberately inaugurated a wiser, a more
liberal, a less relentless policy. We gave to
our conquered foes their lives, their liberties,
and their lands ; we permitted th,eui to retain
the citizenship they had disdained and the pro-
tection they had despised ; we inflicted no pen-
alties upon them ; we condoned the offenses
they had committed, and we exacted from them
scarcely any greater guarantees for the future
than were given by loyal citizens.
We reserved only the right to exclude from
office that class of persons described in the
third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Federal Constitution, and this dis-
qualification we practically promised to remove
so soon as the public necessities would permit.
Now, sir, I am one of those \yho believe that
this policy of forgiveness has been, upon the
whole, a w'ise policy. I concede, as was stated
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nakd,] that there have been instances of out-
rage in the South. It is, alas, true that Robert
E. Lee went to his grave publicly honored by
reconstructed Virginia- It is true that Surratt
lectures on assassination to delighted Mary-
land audiences. It is true, unfortunately, that
Jefferson Davis lives.
But, sir, these are but isolated instances of
the embers of a great conflagration gleaming
sullenly here and there through the ashes of
desolation. Generally we have order restored ;
we have law triumphant; we have the country
reconstructed ; we have prosperity reviving ;
we have a flag respected; we have peace over
the land. Why should we now, in the midst of
peace and prosperity, abandon that course of
clemency which wo elected to pursue when the
clangor of battle was still sounding in our ears?
Why should we now inaugurate the fag-end of
the policy of retribution that we gave up while
the clamors of war were around us? We have
surrendered to our former foes every essential
power and privilege wo might have retained
from them ; why should we cling to the right to
impose a petty penalty when we can no longer
inflict a great punishment?
Suppose, sir, as has been stated here, that
the result of a removal of disabilities will be to
render some thousands of Democratic politi-
cians eligibleto office, whathave we to fear from
that ? -Between eligibility to occupy and ability
to procure public place there is, as we are con-
stantly reminded, a very wide gulf.
I will not insult the integrity or the intel-
ligence of southern Republicans by assuming
that it is ouly the ineligibility of the leaders
of the rebellion that prevents them from oeeu-
pyingtheir former places upon this floor. Why,
sir, suppose that the worst consequences pre-
dicted shouldfollow, suppose that the revolving
wheel of politics should here and there throw
a rebel leader into place, what shall we gain by
excluding the brains and the courage of the
rebellion, to welcome its social debris, to admit
those who were its sycophants and its sympa-
thizers, rather than its statesmen and its war-
riors? If the champions of the lost cause''
were here they would be powerless for evil; it
would be but barren and broken scepters they
could hold in their grasp. They would be
utterly impotent to change the irreversible
verdict of the war.
Better for the country, I say, that John C.
Breckinridge should advocate the abstractions
of secession in the United States Senate to
empty galleries and vacant chairs than that a
Senator, without either his brains, his culture,
or his taste, should insult the country with an
offer to exhume the bones of our heroes from
the heights of Arlington. Sir, if we could put
life again into the brave eyes that were closed
forever in the sulphurous smoke of battle, if
the earth could give back the gallant hearts
that throbbed out their livesin red libations to
liberty, if we could marshal once more the
nameless dead who battled above the clouds
of Lookout mountain, who unvexed the cur-
rent of the Mississippi, who anthemed their
battle-hymns before the gates of burning Rich-
mond, who carried our banner, flying, still
triumphant, over every inch of American soil,
they would say, as with one voice, that the spirit
of amnesty and forgiveness which could permit
their honorable insulter to represent a great
Commonwealth in the national Senate might
well afford their more truly honorable assail-
ants an opportunity to achieve a few county
clerkships.
Suppose that the consequences predicted by
my honorable friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynaed] should result; suppose that we
should have here ex-members of the ex-con-
federate congress ; suppose thatinconsequence
of a general removal of political disabilities,
treason would be enabled to place a dozen of
its unwise eulogists and obstinate adherents
upon this floor; could their feeble voices sum-
mon from the tomb of history and invest once
more with power those ghastly forms of oppres-
sion that have been trampled to ashes under
the iron heels of our legions? Could their
nerveless fingers rerivet the shackles which
our armies have broken in fragments so small
that but last week a member of the lately en-
slaved race was sworn as a member of this
body, without checking the current of its ordin-
ary confusion ? Could their feeble logic refute
or obliterate those sublime sentences of free-
dom that have been written with sword-points
upon American soil, and punctuated with vic-
tories all the way from the Potomac to the
Belize, from Atlanta to the sea ?
Sir, I believe that country prospers best whose
citizens are most united and harmonious. It
does not need the actual clash of steel to divert
industry from her labors. Such an unfortunate
condition of affairs may be induced quite as
surely by bad blood produced by bad man-
agement. So long as there is any number of
persons, however small, deprived of lights and
privileges enjoyed by the rest of the country,
there will be a class of people who will be
considered as persecuted martyrs rather than
selfish politicians; there will be an incitement
to disturbance, a nucleus for opposition, a
perpetual menace to the growth of peaceful
industry. Sir, in my opinion we can give' no
advantage to the country and gain' none for
the Republican party by perpetuating disabil-
ities which are no longer necessary, and there-.
fore uo longer wise, and to the removal of
which we are committed both by previous
action and by paity pledge. 1 do not desire to
compel our Democratic iriends to close their
eyes to the future and turn their back upon
the present in order to grope in the darkness
of the past for shattered idols before which
they have been accustomed to bow. I would
not encourage our Republican friends through-
out the country to cherish the delusive hope
that war memories alone will serve as a basis
for continued paity success. I wish we could
all realize that those only who have the wit to
comprehend living issues and the nerve and
judgment to espouse the right side of these
issues can hope to be honored with the con-
fidence and support of an appreciative and
intelligent people. And above all, sir, I hope
that we will not so mistake the instincts of
the popular judgment and the impulses of the
popular heart as to place in the hands of the
Democratic party of the country the exclusive
light to the powerful popular cry of universal
amnesty.
