1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10S1
had been established at Carson's Valleyfor the ben-
efit of the settlement which had grown up around
the post there established. It became necessary to
supply this office, and the petitioner did it by means
of runners on snow-shoes.
The committee are of opinion that by the laws and
regulations of the Post Office Department the peti-
tioner is entitled to a pro rata increase of pa'y for
the increase* service thus very properly authorized
to be performed in the two particulars aforesaid.
The petitioner further complains that on the 19th
of November. 1852, the Postmaster General, with-
out any previous notice, annulled his contract for
carrying the mail over this route, and without any
advertisement relet the same to other persons at
the compensation of $-30,000 per annum, being an
advance of 83(5.000 on the same service. The ground
of this act ot the Department was the alleged fail-
ures of the petitioner to fulfill his contract. Deeply
injured by this ex parte decision, bavins had no
opportunity to defend himself, though entirely sat-
isfied that he could do so effectually, he applied to
the Department and demanded indemnity for the
wrong. The Postmaster General finally adjudged
that the annulment of the contract was wholly un-
authorized, and offeied to continue the service by
tb e petitioner; but the latter insisted upon an allow-
ance of $'30,000 per annum for the balance of the .
term. The Postmaster General admitted that the j
contractor was entitled to indemnity, and without ]
making any specific agreement, on the 22d of April,
1853, ordered him to resume the service. The peti-
tioner shows by proof that at the time his contract
was annulled he was making preparation to build a
fortified station on Humboldt river for the protec-
tion of his trains. All the arrangements for this
valuable and important post were broken up, greatly j
to his injury both as mail contractor and in his pri- i
va*e business. When he received notice in April, 1
1353, that he would be reinstated in the mail service ;
he was in Washington city, and it was then too late
to give information and recommence the building
for that season. The contract was to end on the
30th of June of the next year, so that be could not
possibly derive any advantage from the work he had
commenced.
Upon this state of fact3 the committee are of the
opinion that the pctitioner is entitled to his full pay
during the suspension of his contract, and to reason-
able damages for the loss sustainedihereby. They
also think he was not bound to resume the service
at the old compensation, especially as it is plain,
under all the circumstances, that the contract price
was wholly inadequate. The Postmaster General
has estimated the service as worth §50,000. and the
committee deem the petitioner's demand of $30,000
as not more than fair and reasonable when the large
amount saved to the Government is taken into con-
sideration.
From thetimo of the renewal of service by the
petitioner ustil the 1st July, 1854, he continued to
carry the mails by the direct route in summer, and
by the southern route, as above stated, in winter.
Before the conclusion of this term of service upon
the new letting3 the Postmaster General became so
well satisfied of the necessity of adopting the south-
ern route that his advertisement required proposals
for carrying the mails from San Diego to Salt Lake.
The petitioner made a "star bid," and took the eon-
tract for four years from the 1st July, 1851, at $12,500
per annum. .
It appears that prior to this time, m addition to
the other advantages of this route, the Indians had
been tar more quiet and peaceable than those living
on the northern route. They had scarcely yet been
supplied with fire-arms, or learned the use of them.
The petitioner asserts, therefore, with great show of
truth and reason, that he anticipated no such diffi-
culties and losses as those he encounteredin theper-
formance of his first contract. But the Government
of the United States had wholly failed to take the
necessary steps to conciliate or to control the vast
body of Indians occupying the regions traversed by
this route. The spirit of hostility which, in the sum-
mer of 1851, broke out among the Indians east of the
Rocky mountains extended to the tribe in question.
The mail train of August, 1854, was attacked by a
strong party of Indians, men were wounded, mules
takon or killed, and mails lost. There was no mili-
tary post on the whole route; no preparation was
made for protecting either the mails or the emigra-
tion. The consequence was that the contractor has
been obliged atgreatexpense,and with much trouble
and loss, to provide for his own protection while
occupied in the public sen ice. It is not without
reason that he says in his petition " your petitioner
could not suppose, when ho entered into contract tor
carrying the mails of the United States, that he
was taking a contract to maintain and carry on an
Indian war." « . Av , ■
It appears by recent California papers that m the
county of San Bernardino, and in the lulare valley*
the Indians are in open hostility. A party engaged
in surveying the Iands  under the authority ot the
United States, has been cut off, and other parties
sent to pursue and punish the Indians have been
repelled. Similar difficulties have occurred at the
Salt Lake end of the route. The petitioner asks that
he may be paid for th#  increased expense caused by
these hostilities, and the committee think he is en-
titled to what ho asks. They propose to increase his
pay for the whole term of his contract to the annual
Bum of $30,000. ^ _ .   . . . ,
Auother complaint made by the petitionor is that
during some months of the year almost the entire
eastern mail from Salt Lako is sent by his trains to
California, imd thence to the Atlantic cities, Ihisis
fully established by the proof. The consequence of
this hns been tho necessity of using wagons, while, if
be bad been required to carry only the mail matter
properly belonging tohi3 route, from the nature of his
bid and contract he could have carried them upon
pack-animals. This would have given him greater
facility in avoiding and escaping the Indians, and
would have imposed much less expense. The com-
mittee think it was not a fair interpretation of his
contract to impose upon him the carriage of large
amounts of mail matter properly belonging to other
routes, and which were taken by other contractors
at thosame time that hetook his. He mightreason-
ably have expected the mails for the Atlantic States
to go by the routes running directly thereto. If the
condition of the plaio£ rendered it impracticable to
carry the eastern mails by the proper routes, this
fact did not make it his duty to carry them without
additional compensation. The great injustice of :
such an imposition is too apparent to require an :
argument. „ j
In accordance with the foregoing views, and in i
consideration of the long and valuable services and I
sacrifices of the petitioner, and also of his well-estab- ]
lished losses by. the Indians, amounting to no less j
than one hundred and twenty-one mules and horses, !
with wagons, saddles, and other property of great !
value, the committee report a bill, and recommend J
its passage.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask for a few min- I
utes upon this subject.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say a few words.
Mr. McGRE W. I object; we have bad both
sides of this question now, and let it go to
the country.
Mr. DAWES. If there has been any
arrangement between the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cessna] and the gentle-
man from West Virginia [Mr. McGrew] to
object to anything being said by others, it
might be well to have it understood.
Mr. HILL. I ask unanimous consent of the
House to say a few words. I was on the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
which reference has been made by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cessna.] and I
would ask leave to say a few words.
Mr. McGRE W. The country has heard both
sides of this question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no both
sides about it.
Mr. McGREW. I insist upon the regular
order.
Mr. HILL. 1 hope the gentleman will con-
sent to give way for one moment. I only wish
to state, as I stated here last Monday 
The SPEAKER. If the objection is still
iusisted upon 
Mr. McGREW. I insist upon the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. If the regular orderis
insisted on the morning hour must now begin.
Mr. McGREW, (subsequently.) I will with-
draw my objection to allowing the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Hill] to be heard.
Mr. ARNELL. I renew and insist upon the
objection.
ORDER Oi" BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the morning hour will now
begin at three minutes before one o'clock.
The first business in order during this morning
hour is the consideration of reports from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
C&AIMS Gff LOTA I# MISSlSSIPPrANS,
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 2993) for the estab-
lishment of the claims of loyal citizens of the
State of Mississippi for commissary and quar-
termaster's supplies taken during the war;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed. •
Mr. JBNCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ESTATK OF JOSEPH WHEATON.
Mr. McNEELY reported from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims a bill (H. R.
No. 2992) for the relief of the estate of Joseph
Wheaton, deceased; which was read a first and
second time. .
The bill was read, lfc directs the Ihird
Auditor of the Treasury to settle and adjust
the claim of the estate of Lieutenant Joseph
Wheaton, deceased, for half pay due him
under the act of Congress of the 3d and 21st
of October, 1780; and the amount which may
be found due him on the adjustment, deduct*
ing all moneys paid by commutation or other-
wise, is to be paid by the Secretary of the
Treasury to Susan D. Auderson, sole surviving
daughter and heir of Wheaton.
Mr. W1LLARD. I raise the point of order
that this is a private bill.
The SPEAKER. What objection has the
gentleman to the bill on that ground?
Mr. WILLARD. Is it in order to-day?
The SPEAKER. Private bills may be re-
ported when public bills are in order, but not
vice versa.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If there is a written
report in this case I ask that it be read.
j The Clerk read the report, as follows :
! Mr. McNbely, from the Committee on Revolu-
' tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
• Susan Dayton Anderson, asking relief as the daugh-
; ter and sole heir of Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton. a
i soldier of the war of the Revolution, submitted the
! following report:
1 Thatthe evidencebefore the committee shows that
j Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton served in the Rhode
Island, lioe from the commencement to the close
of the revolutionary*war; that his father and ten
brothers all held commissions as officers in the Brit-
ish service, and that he alone sacrificed his home
and domestic ties for the cause of liberty; that he
was disinherited by his father, Colonel Caleb Whea-
ton, who commanded a regiment of British pioneers,
who, to the day of his death, never forgavehis son
lor what he considered a disloyalty to the king of
Great Britain in joining '* the Yankee rebelsthat
on the 11th of May, 1775, and long before war was
declared, he joined a band of volunteers and took
an active part in capturing the Margaretta and two
other armed British schooners, which was of great
service to us in after times, and was the first advan-
tage gained over our enemies on the waters. In this
service he received a severe saber wound on the
head, which troubled his mind through life and
terminated in his dying in the insane asylum in Bal-
timore in the year 1828. . .
After the war was declared Joseph Wheaton joined
the Rhode Island line, in Colonel Israel, Angell's
regiment, and, sharing in all the battles in which
that part of the arms was engaged, which seem to
have been many, never left his regiment until the
end of the war. He was invested withacoinmission
as colonel in the war of 1812, through the whole of
which he served with distinguished ability. By the
acts of Congress of 3d and 21st of October, 1780. tho
Government of the United States promised to *' pay
to eaeh and all the officers, individually, who should
continue to serve until the end of the war, half pay
for life, and to pay the same to said officers, or their
legal representatives, in specie, or other current
money, at the end of each and every year for life."
This was a distinct offer and covenant, stipulated by
the most solemn act of the Government in 1780, after
four years and upward of hard service in field and
camp by Joseph Wheaton, among others, and was
offered as an inducement to cause him to continue
in the service until defeat or victory should mark
the close of the contest. If defeated, he, with his
compeers, had nothing to hope for but the rebel s
fate; if victorious, he would have the stipulated
compensation of the promised half pay to buy him
bread for the balance of his days. He accepted the
offer, fulfilled the contract, and served to the end of
the war, thus establishing his unqualified right to
said half pay. ^
It was decided by the Court of Claims m the case
of Thomas H, Baird. administrator of Br. Absalom
Baird, deceased, that the acts of Congress of 3d and
21st of October, 1780, created a legal liability against
the United States in favor of the officers therein,
referred to, which no subsequent legislation by Con-
gress could release without the assent of the^ other
party. Your committee find that thi3 decision of
the Court of Claims was sanctioned by Congress by
an act approved August 18,1856. .
Tbe Committee on Revolutionary Claims m the
Thirty-Sixth Congress made a favorable report m
this case, as also the same committee in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress. The committee has found, on
examination, that he, in common with the rest of
the revolutionary officers, has received a certificate
of commutation; but whether that certificate has
crer been paid will have to be ascertained by tho
officers of the Treasury Department upon the exam-
ination provided for by this bill. If payment has
been made of said certificates there cannot, ra tne
opinion of the committee, be anything aue said
heaton under tho acts of Congress aforesaid.
Sir. HOLM AN. I desire to reserve a point
of order on this Bill. I presume it is liable to
the point that it.mabes an appropriation, and
must receive its first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Wh.ole.
The SPEAKER. It is not subject, to that
point after the report has been read. The read •
ing of the report is in the nature of discussion.
The Chair (foes not know whether the point
would lie against the bill if it had been taken
in time; bat it is raised too late.
