1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
claims against the Government from all tbe
States to six years from and after its passage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Or rather six years after
the admission of the State to representation in
Congress.
Mr. KELSEY. I think the fair way would
be to make the limitation run from and after
the passage of the act.
Mr. COBURN. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kelsey] will frame the amend-
ment which be desires to have made on the
bill I will consent to its being voted on by the
House.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I would suggest that the people who
live in the States lately in rebellion are not, as
the law now is, in a condition to present these
claims; they,cannot get a hearing; they have
not a standing.
Mr. COBURN. I understand that, and was
about to remark that in all the-States except
the loyal States and Tennessee, that is, in all
the States lately iu rebellion, these claims can-
not be adjusted. They can be filed, and 110
doubt the moot of them have been. There is
no law preventing their being filed, but they
cannot be finally settled. !
M.r. MAYNARD. They cannot be settled
at all.
Mr. COBURN. I repeat, that there is noth-
ing to prevent their being filed, but they can-
not be finally settled; and the object of the pro-
viso which the committee recommends should
come in at the end of this bill is simply to say
that claims of that kind shall riot be excluded
from final adjustment, whether they have been
filed or not filed. Now, it strikes me that the
amendment, which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kei.sey] desires to idd to the bill
ivill allow the filing of these claims, which I
submit is not appropriate to a bill of this kind.
We do not contemplate that in a statute of
limitations we shall make provision_ for the
filing of claims, that we shall confer jurisdic-
tion, or anything of that kind. * It is not that
branch of the law which should confer juris-
diction; At some time, by means of some
kind, through the power of Congress, provis-
ion will be made in reference to these claims,
and proper jurisdiction will be located either
in a commission, or in a court, or in Con-
gress, or in the Departments, but until that is
done the provision which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] desires, and about
which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Mayxard] has spoken, it strikes me should
not be made, and, if made, is utterly nugatory.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I understand the gen-
tleman, he means this: claims have been filed
from these States, and they have been rejected,
owiug to the state of the law, and not upon
the merits of the claims. The gentleman, as
I understand, does not intend that this bill
shall operate upon that class of cases?
Mr. COBURN. No, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. He intends that the bill
shall only apply where the cases have been
tried on the merits and determined on the
merits.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would ask the gentle-
man from Tennessee by virtue of what law
claims originating in the rebel States are ex-
eluded and prevented from being filed any-
where, except in the Court of Claims.
Mr. MAYNARD. There was an act passed
during the war that has involved the rejection
of au immense number of claims; and then,
subsequent to the war, we passed an act, on
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, who is
now representing us abroad, Mr. Washburne,
which has been construed at the Treasury
Department as excluding the consideration of
all that class of claims.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Was not that law gen-
eral, and docs it not apply to all the States.
Sir. MAYNARD. It applies to the rebel
States inilv. That is my recollection of it.
Mr. COBURN. This bill reetiacts almo*t iu
the very language in its first section, without
the proviso reported by the committee, a law
passed iii 1845, and which was repealed in
1846 by a mere reference to the number of the
section. I have no doubt that that repeal was
brought about without proper consideration ;
indeed, the history of the passage of the
repeal of that section of the law is that it was
got through at the instance of a claim agent,
and without any discussion or investigation in
Congress.
Mr. ARCHER. I would ask the gentleman j
what would be the effect of the bill in a case <
of this kind? Suppose a loyal man iu the [
South has filed his claim and it has been re- j
jeeted because of the existing law, would not j
this bill prevent him from having it reopened? I
Mr. COBURN. I think not; I think the j
language of this bill is broad enough to cover j
exactly such cases.
Mr. KELSEY. With the permission of the
gentleman, I desire to move to amend the first
amendment reported by the committee by add-
ing thereto the following:
Provided,further. That all claims shall be pre-
sented within six years from the passage of this act.
That meets my idea.
Mr. COBURN. I cannot agree to that
amendment; but I will consent that it shall
be before the House to be voted on.
The second section of this act provides— ;
That 110 person who ha3 been an officer, clerk, or '
employe in the public service shall act as agent or 1
attorney in the prosecution of claims before theDe- ;
partment, or any branch thereof in which he served;
nor shall any such persongive information or impart !
any knowledge acquired by him officially m aid of ]
the presentation or establishment of claims against 1
the United States, except as a witness required to j
testify; and any person offending against the provis- |
ions of this act shall be liable to indictment as for a f
misdemeanor in any court of the United States hav-
ing jurisdiction thereof, and on conviction shall pay
a fine not exceeding $1,000, and be imprisoned not
exceeding one year.
Now I need not aiiude to the instances which
must be within the recollection of all the
members here, in which the Government, has
suffered by reason of the practices of attorneys
and claim agents appearing against the Gov-
ernment in the very Departments in which
they have acted as officers. I think that a
statute of this kind ought to be adopted, so
as to remove tbe temptation from employes,
clerks, and officers in the Departments of the
Government who might be disposed to prevent
tbe allowance of a claim in order that they
might afterward get employment as attorneys
at lucrative prices, and then go out of office
and get their claims through. I have within
my recollection a case from my own State in
which a man got a large fee here in the city
of Washington for acting as a claim agent to
get through a war claim of Indiana, who had
at his very desk, while he was a clerk in the
Department, the charge of that very claim.
Whether it was kept back year after year for
the purpose of getting a fee I do not know,
and I do not care; but there is the fact, that
the very man having charge of that claim iu the
Department was the man who was employed
as the attorney to get it through the Treasury
Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me I would ask to have the act ot Feb-
ruary 21, 1867, read.
Mr. COBURN. I will do so presently; I
am now talking about another matter.
These officers have the secrets of the Gov-
ernment. They are by their official connec-
tion put in possession of knowledge that they
otherwise could not acquire; and when they
go out of office they cau suggest to claimants
who may have claims means by which they
can carry through those clai'ns successfully. 1
will now yield for a moment to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Fixkelxbitrg.]
Mr. FINKBLNBURG. I move to amend
the second section by inserting after the word
"shall,'' in line three, the words ''within
three years thereafter' so that it will read:
- it further mactcd, Xhat    perswi
whSjift# bee* officer, clerk, or e*ip)oy£ is the
public service shall within throe ye.s.r? thereafter act
as agent or attorney in the prosecution of claims
before the Department, See.
Mr. COBURN. I will allow that amend-
ment to be offered. I am not, of course,
authorized to accept it.
Mr. DONLEY. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "three" and in-
serting "five."
Mr. COBURN. I have no objection to the
amendment bein^ before the House.
The SPEAKER. Amendments are now
pending by unanimous consent. There are
more now pending than could be offered under
the rule3.
Mr. COBURN. I will yield two minutes to
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Rabry.]
Mr. BARRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kelsey] because, first, I am
opposed to repudiation. I look upon this
amendment as of that character, and as I belong
to a party which is alike opposed to repudia-
tion I am opposed to this amendment. My
second reason is that a portion of the southern
country has been represented upon this floor
for over three years and yet no action has
been taken on the part of this House looking
to an adjustment of these claims. If that
course be persisted in for six years longer, as
proposed bv the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Kelsey,] it will operate
to outlaw all these claims. Sir, I cannot see
any justice in that sort of legislation. I can-
not believe that tbe Representatives of the
Republican party upon this floor intend to
pursue any such course toward the loyal peo-
ple of the South. If there be any class of
citizens in our country that needs the fostering
protection of this Government for what they
have suffered and endured for loyalty's sake
i it is that class of the loyal citizens of our
country. If the gentleman will so modify his
amendment as to make it commence from and
after the passage of a law placing all the loyal
citizens of the country upon the same footing
before the Court of Claims and other courts.
I will have no objection to it. But if no law is
passed placing us before the Court of Claims
and the Departments upon the same footing
with other loyal citizens of the whole country
I must oppose the amendment, and I should
hope that the Republican members of this
House will do likewise.
Mr. COBURN. I will yield three minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kei.sey.]
Mr. KELSEY. The object of the amend-
ment I have offered is to place the citizens of
all the States upon the same footing as to their
rights to have their claims adjusted before the
Departments. I propose by my amendment
-that all claims shall be presented within six
years from the passage of this act. _ That will
give everybody six years from this time within
which to present their claims. The first sec-
tion of this bill limits the presentation of
claims to six years. But an amendment pro-
posed by-the committee excepts from that gen-
eral rule the claims of that portion of our citi-
zens residing in the rebel States who were
loyal, and proposes that this rule shall not
apply to them. Now, I wish to place a limit-
ation upon the time within which even such"
citizens can present their claims, thus placing
the citizens of the whole country upon the
same level. That is the object and effect of
my amendment.
"Mr. BARRY". Then, why not place all the
citizens of the country upon the same footing
before the courts ? The gentleman must know
that if thoy have six years in which to present
their claims, and cannot have them acted upon
and adjusted, it will have the effect to outlaw
those claims..
Mr. KELSEY. I suppose the citizens of the
whole country now have the same right before
the courts. I am uot aware that there is any
ejcceptiau. • *
- "Mr. AftCH&B. They havo not 6M|e
