1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
Speaker, ask why is it that one so humble as
myself should mow occupy the seat once filled
by a Rives, a Gilmer, and John Randolph of
Roanoke? Is it not because your party, Tar-
quin-like, have beheaded the tall poppies and
have permitted only the humbler to stand? By
your legislation you have deprived the country
of the services of those whose long familiarity
with political questions and whose large expe-
rience iii public life, tempered as it has been
by the rough school of adversity, eminently
fiited them for service in the councils of the
nation. You have compelled our State to in-
trust her concerns either to those who are alien
to her interests and her feelings, or to those
who are inexperienced iu the conduct of public
affairs.
I would ask, why not extend amnesty to all;
why single out those whom you call the lead-
ers? They are not more responsible for the
war than the rest of us. If the poweiful party
which rules this country thinks we of the Sout h
have not been punibhed sufficiently, then they
will punish and we must submit. But do not
rob us of our manhood; do not compel us to
skulk behind our "leaders;" do not ask us to
exclaim, like the cowering thane of Cawdor :
"Thou canst not say I did it: never shake
Thy gory looks at me."
T tell you, sir, the men who are called the
"leaders," and whom it is sought to punish
b,y disfranchisement, did not lead the people,
but the people led them. I think if we will
examine into this matter we will find that no
one left these Halls until his State had seceded
or had determined to secede. Whatever may
be our faults, you cannot deny to us some
degree of courage, and, as brave men, we do
not ask that the "sins" of the many shall be
expiated by the vicarious punishment of the
few, those few, too, not more guilty than the
rest of us.
It is said that these leaders had taken an
oath to support the Consiilution ; but we must
also remember that they had ever held to the
doctrine of Slate sovereignty. The great body
of the southern people believed in that doc-
trine. If we once admit the doctrine of State
sovereignty, the doctrine that the States were
lhe ci eators and the United States the creature,
then we must, also admit that the first allegiance
was due to the sovereign, to. the creator; and
when the question of divided allegiance arose
it was not unnatural that those who believed
in that doctrine should range themselves on
the side of that power which they deemed sov-
ereign. Do not misunderstand me, sir. Do
not suppose that I came here to revive the
doctrine of State rights. That, sir, is dead.
Both parties appealed to the stern arbitrament
of war, and in that, the highest court of appeal
for nations and for peoples, the verdict has
been against us. We have in good faith sub-
mitted to the decision and accepted the situa-
tion. I have merely referred to this matter to
show that, from our standpoint, the "lead-
eis" were 110 more culpable than "we," the
p'-ople, and that there is 110 sufficient reason
why they should be punished more than the
rest of us.
But. say some gentlemen, we wish to make
tieason odious. Sir, I challenge those gen-
tlemen who think thus to point me to that page
o[ histoid' wheie the treason of the people has
been made odious by the punishment of their
leaders. Sir, lhe gentleman from Massachu-
setts who reported this bill tells us that he
h,.s fiamed it upon the act of 20 George 11, c.
,j2. That gentleman is 100 well read iu his-
tOiy not to know that for a hundred years no
name was so execrated in the Highlands of
Scotland as that of William, Duke of Curaber-
l.i"d, " the butcher of Culloden." He knows
that even to this hour somewhat of sympathy
ami somewhat of pity swells the heart of every
true Highlandman at the mention of the name
Charles Edward the Pretender. That gentle-
man also knows that death upon the scaffold
gave a dignity which he never before possessed
to that stolid soldier of fortune, Balmerino,
and shed luster around the dying hours of the
profligate, avaricious, treacherous, and cruel
Lord Lovat.
No, sir; you cannot make treason odious by
punishing the leaders; all history proves the
contrary. I will venture to say how treason
may be made odious to those who have com-
mitted it. It is by teaching them that they are
the erring children of the government. Asa
kind father pities his children, and punishes
them in sorrow and not in anger, so a paternal
Government should punish its rebellious chil-
dren in sorrow, and not through hate. Teach
them that failure was, even to them, a blessing
in disguise and that success would have been
a calamity. Let them not know and feel the
Government only through the tax-gatherer,
the spy, and the informer; but let them know
it by its benignant influences. Let us feel in
our hearts, rather than mutter with our lips,
that this Government is our Government, that
this Constitution is our Constitution, and that
these laws are our laws. Do not, I pray you,
reserve all the stars in that flag which is unfurled
before you for yourselves and give all the
stripes to us; let us feel and know that that
flag is our flag, that its stars shine for 11s as
well as for you, and that its stripes are but to
remind us that, a kind Providence has humbled
the pride and chastened the hearts of all of us
by the calamities of a great war.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot conclude without re-
turning, both for myself and for those whom I
have the honor to represent, our warmest thanks
to the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] for the noble manner in which he
has ever stood forth in our defense. It is meet
that a gallant son of Kentucky, the first-born
of-Virginia's fair daughters, should stand forth
in defense of the old mother whose voice has
been so long hushed in these Hall3. We owe
him a debt of gratitude which we never can re-
pay ; and as he has stood here, with brave heart
and eloquent tongue, battling for our rights, a
gallant Scot, he could but remind us ofariother
gallant Scot whose noble bearing and dauntless
courage are beautifully depicted by Scotland's
greatest poet. You remember, sir, that when
Roderick Dhu, in disguise, was conducting
James Fitz James from the island, Fitz James
desired to see the bold outlaw; when Roderick
exclaimed. " Then have thy wish," and, sound-
ing his whistle, " garrisoned the glen at once
with full five hundred meu." The poet thus
describeshis hero:
"Fitz-James was brave:—Though to his heart
The life-blood thrilt'd with sudden start,
He wann'd himself with dauntless air,
lleturn'd the chief his haughty stare ;
Hi* hack against a rock he bore.
And firmly placed his foot before:—
' Come one, come all! this rock shallfiy
Fioin its firm base as soon as I.' "
Thus, ourgallant Scot, planting himself upon
the rock of the Constitution, has ever chal-
lenged to the combat.
I much thank, too, the soldier from Illinois
[Mr. Farxsworth] and the statesma'n from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham]—Illinois and Ohio, two
more of the fair daughters of Virginia! They
have risen to the height of this great argument.
They feel that they have a " country to serve as
well as a party to obey." Permit me also to
extend my thanks to the gentlemen of the Gulf
States, and to say to them that while we may
differ upon questions of mere party polity, we
can stand side by side upon the broad platform
of universal emancipation and universal am-
nesty. * I trust lhe Republican members from
my Slate will plant themselves upon this broad
platform. If they do not, they will violate the
express pledges given to t he people in their party
platform and in their public declarations.
The third section of the Republican platform
in Virginia reads thus:
"The fifteenth amendment having become a part
of the Constitution of the United States, by which
universal suffrage is secut ed to ttie masses of our peo-
ple, we declare in favor ot' universal amnesty, feub-
! ject, of course, to the legislation of Congress."
And I observe from the public prints tliat
their executive committee has lately decided;
with one dissenting voice, in favor of universal
amnesty. I cannot speak for other districts;
but in my own 1 should be perfectly content to
leave this question to the Republicans alone,
for the great body of the party is in favor of
general amnesty, and it is only a few "carpet-
j baggers" and "scallawags" who are opposed
to it.
And now, sir, will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Lawrence] pardon me if I venture to
say somewhat to him—J have not the honor of
his acquaintance; but sir, I am satisfied that
he is willing to hear something said upon this
question from a southern stand point? And
first, I was pleased to hear him take theground
that this bill violated the Constitution. We
of the South had begun to think that the broad
shield of the Constitution afforded no protec-
tion to us ; that wherever "rebels" were con-
cerned, it was as easily broken and brushed
aside as the gossamer thread which the spider
weaves. We are glad to learn that we were
mistaken, and that we can at last claim its pro-
tection. I will also say to that gentleman that
we of the South ask for no protection, no act of
oblivion for the thief, the robber, the plun-
derer, the house breaker, the ravisher, or the
assassin ; we desire that all such should be
punished. But, sir, I will venture to say that
the brave soldiers of neither army were guilty
of these excesses. It was the skulker, the
deserter, the base camp-follower, who followed
the armies- as the jackal follows the lion, to
prey upon the slain. Let all of these be pun-
ished to the full extent of the law, for they
were a disgrace to the uniform which they wore,
whether it were the blue or the gray.
But, sir, I was pained to hear some portions
of the speech of that gentleman ; I was pained
to think that now, five years after the war had
closed, he could breathe forth " ihreatenings
and slaughter." Sir, he reminded me of Saul
of Tarsus as he journeyed to Damascus breath-
ing forth threatening!) and slaughter against
rebels; yes, sir, rebels—rebels who had dared
to set aside the old Jewish law ; who had set
up a new faith ; who had dared to say that this
Saul, who was a Pharisee of the straitest sect,
and who from his earliest youth had kept all
the law and commandments, was a vile sinner
and could only be saved by the divine interpo-
sition of an impostor called Christ. Burning
with these thoughts and with fiery zeal Saul
went forth toward Damascus to punish these
impious rebels. But as he journeyed a great
light shone upon him, and a voice cried out,
"Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?" He
fell as one dead and was struck blind, but after
three days the scales fell from his eyes. I hope
the eloquence of my friend from New York
[Mr. Cox] will cause the scales to fall from
the eyes of the gentleman from Ohio, and that
he. like Paul, may go forth proclaiming •' good
tidings of great joy," "on earth peace" and
"good will" to rebels. Sir, we are all rebels—
rebels against the divine law. May it not be
possible that in your zeal to punish rebels
against these earthly laws you may violate that
i higher lav/ of charity and mercy?
Permit me now to say one word to the gen-
tlemen on tkeoppositeside of this House. You
are the representative men of a great party ; of
a party which for ten years has ruled this coun-
try with powers almost unlimited You look
forward to a continuance of that power iu the
future. Why, then, chain yourselves to the
dead past? If the living be linked to the
dead, decay and death must come to the living.
If you do not speedily cut. yourselves loose
from the dead past, mark my word for it. ere
many years you will exclaim, " Oh, who shall
deliver us from the body of this death?"
Were my motives merely those of a partisan
I should not desire this Congress to pass a law
relieving disabilities, for a refusal to pass such
a law would increase the weight which you wili
carry in the next race. At least it will be so
