208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
iiv the southern States, which are now linked
-with the Union for all future time. It would
not become me to speak as to the North ; but
if I can draw any conclusion from what I see
in the public prints, they are prepared for
"universal amnesty," now that they have
secured "universal emancipation."
The gentleman from Massachusetts is ap-
prehensive that the graves of the soldiers may
be desecrated. Sir, we would not disturb the
ashes of the dead. Let us honor the memory
of all the gallant dead. In each revolving
year, when the genial showers and soft breath
of spring shall wake to new life the sleeping
flowers, and when the birds shall fill the groves
with their melody, then let our youths and fair
maidens go forth and strew with roses and with
immortelles the graves of all those heroes who
fell struggling for that which they believed to
be the right; and let all of us, burying in their
graves the bitter hates and rankling animos-
ities of a "cruel war/' renew again our vows
of love, and with strong arms and stout hearts
resolve with one accord to keep and preserve
this noble heritage of ours great, glorious, uni-
ted, and free. Do not seek to crush the spirit
of a brave people. The time may come, and
that speedily, when yoa may need that spirit.
The Persian poet beautifully says:
"I passed by the burying-place of the dead, and
asked, 'Where are they'?' And echo answered,
' Where are they ?'"
See to it well, ye men of the North, that
when in some foreign war yon ask, "Where
is the spirit of the people of the South?" an
emoty echo may not answer, " Where?''
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, pardon me if I
have passed beyond the limits <rf legitimate
debate. My excuse must be that 1 am all
unused to these scenes. I come as a suppli-
ant for my noble Statp—suppliant did I say?
I recall that word. For that State, which gave
the sword of a Washington, the tongue of a
Henry, and the pen of a Jefferson to the cause
of American independence, can never, never
stand as a suppliant at the bar of this House.
All I ask is justice; such justice as she has ever
been willing to accord to her sister States. If
I have spoken warmly it is because i love my I
native State. I love her beautiful hills and !
mountains ; I love her once fair and smiling |
valleys, and above all I love her brave and i
generous people. I was proud of her when
she stood in the front rank of these States, her
sons leading in council and in war. I am
proud of her still; and 1 love her with a love
surpassing the love of woman, as she stands
with her garments all torn and stained by the
rude hands of war, a Niobe silently mourning
her lost children.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Speaker, I do not
seek the floor for the purpose of presenting an
argument against this biii, for public opinion
both North and South, however egregiously I
conscientiously believe it to be in error in this
instance, seems to demand something like a
general amnesty for those whom the fourteenth
amendment disqualifies for participation in the
rebellion; and for the farther reason that if the
terrible and bloody facts, half told, which have
been daily heralded all over the land, since
the close of the war, of the appalling condi-
tion of affairs in the South in consequence of
the virulent and relentless persecution of the
friends and officers, and the hatred, opposi-
tion, and abhorrence of the Republican party,
the party of the Government, and of the Gov-
ernment itself and its policy of reconstruction,
by the merciless and unrepentant participants
in the rebellion to whom you now propose to
extend greater latitude and power; it' these
facts are not sufficient to induce a correct
judgment upon the vital proposition before us,
no effort or argument of mine could avail, and
1 am thus constrained to forbear. It is suffi-
cient for me, Mr. Speaker, that my judgment,
rny vote, is based upon and is the logical result
of an observation and an experience of ten
years in the South; and I rise, therefore, sir,
to record my solemn and uncompromising pro-
test against the passage of a measure and the
adoption of a policy fraught with so much dan-
ger, as I conceive this to be, to the loyal peo-
ple, my constituents, to republican institutions,
and to your still unsuccessful reconstructed
governments in the southern States.
But, sir, in the face of all this, I would suffer
this bill to pass without.my protest, since there
seems to be a growing disposition in the coun-
try—and with the country rests the responsi-
bility—to regard the longer disfranchisement
of the rebels as an unnecessary, unjust, unmer-
ciful, and an unwarrantable proscription and
persecution of that rebellious, vindictive, im-
penitent, and blood-thirsty class of people
whom some are pleased to denominate their
"wayward brothers," did I not clearly appre-
hend the baneful effect of this misguided and
demoralizing public sentiment, both upon the
legislation of Congress toward the South and
upon the influence there of the governments
erected by your acts of reconstruction.
I would suffer this bill to pass without pro-
test did not the conviction force itself npon me
that the most serious and remediless conse-
quences will ensue to the nation, to the people,
friends ofthe Government in the South, to whom
the United States have not yet fully guarantied
a republican form of government, and to the
free institutions scarcely yet established in the
States just emerging from the vortex of a rebel-
lion whose latent spirit needs but the power you
now propose to place in its grasp to reassert
itself in all its hideous deformity.
I would s\ ffer this measure to pass without
entering my earnest though humble objection,
we.re I assured, even with the possibility of a
doubt, that the priceless harvest of the war
from whose terrible shock the country is still
reeling were surely and safely secured in the
garner of the nation.
But, sir, until such assurances come to dispel
my doubts, and calm my fear and trembling
for the safety and permanency of the new con-
stitutional order of things we have inaugurated
in the South ; until peace, order, and govern-
ment shall have .been firmly established there ;
until life, limb, liberty, and property shall
become as safe and secure there, and the flag
of our country as honored and sustained as
elsewhere under the segis of its folds, no word
or act of mine shall put them in greater jeop-
ardy than they are there at this hour. But of
what avail now were it to characterize this
"public opinion," this feeling on the part of
those who cry aloud, to the tingling of patriotic
ears, for the immediate and indiscriminate re-
moval of the political disabilities of the rebels
as a sickly political sentimentality, a squeam-
ish national generosity, and a craven public
and individual magnanimity. What is it that
gentlemen so earnestly desire? Will you turn
loose, at once and indiscriminately, upon the
ardent though almost defenseless supporters
of your reconstruction polity these thousands
of Kuklux assassins who have sworn, and daily
vow never to submit to liepublican rule in the
vSouth ; who, having failed by the election of
Seymour and Blair to carry out the rebel-Dem-
ocratie programme of "trampling in the dust
the reconstructed State governments in the
South," have long since resorted toauniversal
system of outrage and intimidation, of noon-
day murder and midnight assassination, to
execute that fell, deliberate purpose?
Shall we break down the gates of the four-
teenth amendment, which guard the Union and
protect the patriot, and keep at bay the' hosts
of treason? Are we zealous to be magnan-
imous? Must we precipitate amnesty ? Shall
we be "oblivious" to the fact that while it
becomes a great and victorious nation to be
generous, it behooves it far more first to be
just? Dare we fail to know that generosity at
the expense of justice is criminality, and that
this dangerous experiment of mercy to these
implacable enemies ofthe Government, in the
balance as against protection to its loyal adher-
ents and defenders, is an abomination unto the
Almighty and an unrighteousness, for which
He will hold the nation accountable ? What
is the tendency of this cry for the removal of
the disabilities of the rebels ? Is not its pur-
pose to make treason respectable, and will hot
that be the sequence of amnesty?
Mr. Speaker, animated by whatever influ-
ence, impelled by whatever motive, and what-
ever others may do, I never will, so help me
God, bend my loyal body to wipe with my hair
the unwashed feet of the unrepentant enemies
of my country. And, sir, in evidence that I am
actuated by none of the spirit of personal viii-
dictiveness or political persecution, I add to
that solemn assertion the assurance that I will
allow no man to go before me in an honorable
effort to restore to full citizenship, with all its
rights, privileges, and immunities, any one of
the late rebels, who, accepting the situation,
over his own signature applies for this govern-
mental pardon, and pledges anewhis loyalty to
the Government of his fathers, his allegiance
to the country of his birth.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.TILLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I hardlypre-
sume that anything I may say will have any
effect to influence the votes of honorable mem-
bers of this body; yet, coming as I do from
one of the States lately in rebellion, and hav-
ing been born and raised there, and at all times,
before, during, and since the war, loyal, as I
conceived, to the Government of our fathers,
I feel that I should give and be heard in my
testimony in regard to the pending subject
before the House.
My observation and experience compel me
to differ from some of my colleagues from Ten-
nessee. My distinguished colleague from East
Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] has been heard in
one of the ablest speeches made against at
present taking any action for removal of dis-
abilities; and however I may regret having
to differ from one who has so long been one
of the leaders of the patriotic and Union sen-
timent of Tennessee, my honest convictions,
formed not from the political experience that
sustains the equally honest conviction of my
distinguished colleague, but by a lifetime resi-
dence and observation among and with a much
more rebellious constituency than that of my
colleague, are that-an opposite policy to the one
he maintains is the wiser and more politic.
My distinguished colleague, in the enforce-
ment of his views, refers to the legislative
action of our fathers after the revolutionary
war toward and affecting the loyalists to British
powerand government, called and styled Tories
by the Whigs of 1770. My colleague declines
to consider and copy the legislation of our
ancestors in Britain in 1745, which I think he
is right in doing, and says let us copy that of
a date nearer our day, time, and place, exer-
cised by the fathers and founders of our own
Government. I concur with my colleague that
this is a better guide for us, as there had been
much improvement in a general spirit of kind-
ness and fraternity among mankind from 1745
to 1785, and is an argument, in my opinion,
why we should adopt something move liberal
even than our fathers' example, and tbusprove
that their sons have continued to progress and
improve in that Christian spirit of forgiveness
and brotherly love. Especially should we do
so when we remember that our late civil war
grew out of a difference of opinion as to which
party or section was adhering most strictly and
constitutionally to the principles of our fathers.
We should remember that our divisiou and
civil strife did not grow out of a questioii
whether we should pray for and seek the
government of a foreign king, but whether a
section did not have the right to secede from
the General Government of our fathers and
establish a similar Government for themselves.
They did not seek to be governed by a foreign
prince, but carried the doctrine and principles
of our fathers, as I conceive, to an extreme
in asserting and insisting on the right of State
