1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 82, noes 43.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on the following
amendment of the committee:
Strike out of section two, in line two, the words
°bas been" and insert in lieu thereof "is now or
shall be hereafter."
Mr. BECK. I should like to have the sec-
tion read as it is proposed to be amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no person
who is now, or shall be hereafter, an officer, clerk, or
employ^ in the public service, shall act as agent or
attorney in the prosecution of claims before the
Department, or any branch thereof in which be
served ; nor shall any such person give information
or impart any knowledge acquired by him officially
in aid of the presentation or establishment of claims
against the United States except as a witness required
to testify; and any person offending against the pro-
visions of this act shall be liable to indictment as.
for a misdemeanor in any court of the United States'
having jurisdiction thereof, and on conviction shall
pay a fine not exceeding $1,000, and be imprisoned
not exceeding one year.
Mr. LAWRENCE. That will give a mo-
nopoly of the business to those who have just
gone out of office. That is terrible. It will
never do.
Mr. BECK. It ought not to be adopted.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
26, noes 35, no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Coburx and Mr.
Dawes.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. COBURN. I hope by unanimous con-
sent I shall be allowed to say a word. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] has
declared that this is all wrong. He says it is
awful. I do not think it is awful. In the bill
as originally offered the provision was—
That no person who has been an officer, clerk, or
employ® in the public service shall act as agent or
attorney, &c.
The effect of the bill, if it shall pass in that
way, would be to deprive a great many men
of the privilege of practicing in the Depart-
ments who have been doing so for years. I
can mention 'bow, for instance, a most ex-
cellent gentleman who was formerly Commis-
sioner of Pafents, Mr. Holloway; and another
gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Theaker. These
gentlemen and many others are practicing,
and it would be unfair to interfere with them.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. It would not have
that effect if my amendment were adopted.
Mr. COBURN. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Fixkelx-
buhg] were adopted it might relieve these
persons from the disqualihcation under which
they would be placed by this law. Bat it
strikes rae that it is not fair to say that a man
should not be allowed to practice in the
Departments simply because heretofore he
has held office there, and that he should be
deprived of that privilege without notice.
But by this hill, with the amendment offered
by the committee, we give notice to all those
who are in office and to all who may take office
hereafter that they do it with the express
understanding that they are not to practice as
agents or attorneys in those- Departments
hereafter.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion ?
Mr. COBURN. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I think there is some force
in what the gentleman says; but I believe the
requirements of the case might be met if the
interval should be made live years.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Thereis an amend-
ment now pending to make the time five years.
Mr. DAWES. I wish further to say that this
has come to be a great evil, especially within
a short tin\e back. Within a year there has
been more of it than there has been for a
number of years previously. If the ■bill is
passed in the form proposed by the committee,
those gentlemen will have a monopoly in this
"bosiness hereafter, There would, however,
be a mitigation of the evil if the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Donley,] making the interval five years,
should be adopted.
Mr. COBURN. I will say to the House that
if the majority do not concur with the com-
mittee in striking out the words " has been"
and inserting the words "now is or shall here-
after be," if they stand by the words "has
been," then, in order to carry out'the bill and
make it operate as tbey desire, they will have }
to put in the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Fixkeln'bbrg,]
or that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Donley. ] One would have to follow
upon tBe other. Bat this allows such persons
to practice in their Departments at a future
day. I think they should never be allowed
to do so; it is dangerous after years have
expired.
Mr, BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. HOAR. I object to any further debate.
The SPEAKER. If no farther count is
asked, the Chair considers that the amend-
ment offered by the committee is rejected.
No further count was asked for.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Donley to Mr. Fixkelxburg's amend-
ment.
Mr. Fixkelxburg's amendment was as
follows:
In line three, section two, add after the word
" shall" the words " withia three years thereafter."
Mr. Dos ley's amendment was to substitute
the word "five" for the word "three."
The question being taken on Mr. Donley's
amendment, it was rejected—ayes thirty-six,
noes not counted.
The question was next taken on Mr. Fixk-
elxburg's amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question was next on Mr. Burchard's
amendment, as follows:
In line eight, section two, after the word " testify,*'
insert "or required as a part of his official duty,'' so
that it will read: "nor shall any such person give
information or impart any knowledge acquired by
him officially, in aid of the presentation or establish-
ment of claims against the United .States, except as a
witness required to testify, or required as a part of
his official duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Poland.
Mr. POLAND. On farther examination I
i am satisfied that my amendment would hardly
be a proper one, and I withdraw it.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
' time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the.
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
I moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
; on the table. ,
| The latter motion was agreed to.
! The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Asper] rises to make a privileged report.
WEST POINT CADETS.
Mr. ASPER. The Committee on Military
Affairs, who were instructed to inquire into
the circumstances connected with the late ex-
pulsion of three cadets from West Point, are
ready to make their report, which, in com-
pliance with the instructions ofthe committee,
I now present. I propose to ask that the re-
port, with the testimony, shall be printed and
recommitted, and to give notice that I shall
call it up for action on Tuesday of next week,
after the morning hour.
Mr. HOLMAN. If there are any resolu-
tions accompanying the report I ask that they
be read.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope the
gentleman from Missouri will state the sub-
stance of the report, or else have it read. Is
the report long?
Mr. ASPER. The reading would occupy
about twenty minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, let us have it read.
Mr. ASPER. If there is a general desire
to have it read I have no objection.
Several Members. Let it be read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would not the read-
ing of the recommendation of the committee
be sufficient? [Cries of "No!" "No!"]
The SPEAKER. The report will be read.
Mr. HILL. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Aspek] to yield to me for a moment.
I will take but a minute.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
Mr. Aspeb, from the Committeeon Military Affairs,
made the following report, under the resolution of
the House authorizing an investigation into the
circumstances of the expulsion of Cadets Baird,
Flickinger, and Barnes, and their subsequent en-
forced resignation, with the recommendation of
the committee on the subject calling for action on
the part of the House:
The Committee on Military Affairs, instructed by
resolution passed on the 12th day of January, which
is as follows:
"Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
he empowered to send for persons and papers to in-
vestigate said matter of the expulsion and subsequent
enforced resignation of Cadets Baird, Flickinger, and
Barnes, and to report the facts to the House, with
such recommendation, by bill or otherwise, as the
facts in their opinion may warrant, and the commit-
tee shall have leave to report at any time;"
having taken the same into consideration,did delay
action on the same until the 23d day of January, by
request of the Secretary of War, on account of the
semi-annual examinations taking place in the Acad-
emy on the first days of the month; and on that day
the committee resolved to ask the House of Bepre-
sentatives to so modify the order as to authorize the
sending of a sub-committee to West Point to make
the investigation on the ground, and to take such
testimony as could be found there: and on the 24th
day of January such modification was asked for by
the chairman of the committee, which was granted,
and the committee was so authorized.
Whereupon Hon. Joel F. Asper, Hon. Jasper
Packard, and Hon. H. W. Slocum, of the Committee
on Military Affairs, were appointed the sub-com-
mittee, and fully charged with the burden ol said
investigation; and in pursuance of the said resolu-
tion, the amendment, and their appointment, did
proceed to West Point on the 27th day of January,
and there inquired into the circumstances of the ex-
pulsion of Cadets Baird, Flickinger, and Barnes, and
then proceeded to take the testimony of.the super-
intendent and commandant, together with that of
several officers and cadets of the Academy, which
together with the documentary evidence in the
ease-, having first been submitted to the Committee
on Military Affairs, is now reported to the House as
a part of the report of the committee required under
said resolution.
Your committee have found no great difficulty
in ascertaining the facts in the case, as the War
Department and the officers and cadets at the Acad-
emy have promptly placed at the disposal of the
committee every means and facility in their power
to enable them to make a thorough and ample
investigation. Your committee have found and
report the facts in the case to be as follows:
That the 2d day of January. 1871, was observed
as a holiday at West Point, and in the Academy as
New Year's day, and for that day discipline was
somewhat relaxed, nor was duty or study exacted of
the eadets. In the evening the first and second
classes had permission to have a "hop," so cal led; the
members of the third class were authorized to visit
in quarters, while the fourth class had no privileges
extended to them, and were required to observe their
usual evening study hoars, as the next day their
examinations were to commence.
This restriction did not seem to be fully under-
stood by all the members of said el ass; and this un-
certainty, together with the associations and festiv-
ities of the day, were but temptations to the young
cadets for taking some unusual lieense whieh under
other circumstances might never have been thought
of or attempted.
During the day Cadet Baird went to Highland Fill Is,
and while there obtained some spirituous liquor,
and, it appears, was more or less under the influence
of liquor. After "call to quarters." which is from
evening to half after nine o'clock, and is devoted to
study in the Academy, Cadet Baird left his quarters,
proceeded to the sink, where he changed bis uniform
suit for a citizen's dress, and again went" to High-
land Fails, without permission, in company with a
member of his class, and at the Falls these cadets met
two or throe other cade's of the second and third
classes. Previous to going Cadet Baird had some
conversation with his room-mate. Cadet Fhckinger,
about making his absence all right if he went away
in the evening; but ongoing out he said nothing
about making it "all right" with tho sentinel.
The sentinel made his usual rounds m the fore-
part of the evening, when Flickinger reported " all
right," which under the police regulations of the
commandant meant present, or if absent, that such
absence was for a necessary purpose, and not to
exceed ten mimitos; that on the seeond round the
