1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
same report was made. The seDtinel believed that
it was not all right, and asked the corporal <5f the
guard what his duty was in the premises, and he
.was instructed that if the cadet reported all right it
was his duty to so repoj-fc, and if the report was
untrue that the responsibility would then rest prop-
erly on the cadet who had made the report; that the
corporal and sergeant of the guard went to the room
of Band and Fliqkinger to investigate the matter,
and they were in the room talking with Flickinger
at the time the sentinel made his second round.
Baird wag absent until about half aftpr nine o'elock,
and returned to his quarters, and then was advised
"by some ope of his friends to make an explanation in
the morning, which he had resolved to do. Barnes
left his quarters the same evening, reported "all
right0 to the sentry as he passed out, went to the
rear of the room occupied by Baird and Flickinger,
crawled in at the window, and was found there dur-
ing the evening. It does not appear precisely at
wh.at time in the evening this occurred, b.ut it is clear
that he had nothing whatever to do with the cover-
ing up the absence of Cadet Baird. His offense was
the report he made to the sentinel, which became
false by his subsequently visiting clandestinely at
the room of Cadets Baird and Flickinger.
On the morning of the 3d day of January the offi-
cer of the day and the sergeant of the guard made
report of these facts to Lieutenant Colonel TJpton,
commandant of cadets at the Military Academy,
who immediately made inquiry in respect to the
same, and believing the offenses were of such a
serious nature as to require an investigation, ordered
Cadets Baird, Flickinger, and Barnes under arrest.
Cadet Baird had not carried out his conceived
intention of making explanation at the time of his
arrest, but afterward he sent a class-mate to the
first class to have one of their number come and
assist him in reference to making up his explana-
tion; and also to assist him in his defense on trial
before a court-martial, before which he already
know or believed that he would be ordered; but no
one came to his assistance.
On the same day the following dispatch was sent
to General Schriver at Washington, the inspector
of the Academy, namely:
, West Point, New York. January Z.
General E. Schriver, Inspector, Washington :
Want authority to bring Cadets Baird, Flickinger,
and Barnes before the general court-martial which
convenes to-morrow.
T. G. PITCHER, Superintendent.
Whether the authority was given as asked does
not appear to the committee, but it is presumed that
the same was granted. At parade, about a quarter
pastfouro'clockin the evening, thcfollowingspecjal
orders were read to the corps of cadets, namely:
[Special Orders, No. 1.]
Headquarters Corps Cadets.
West Point, New York, January's, 1871.
I. Cadet Baird is hereby placed in arrest and con-
fined to his quarters.
Charge: Absent from quarters without authority
during all inspections of sentinels from call to quar-
ters till tattoo in the evening of the 2d instant.
II. Cadets Barnes and Flickinger arc hereby
placed in arrest andcoaiined to their quarters.
Charge: Conduct unbecoming an officer and a
gentleman; making false report to sentinel on the
2d instant.
By order of Lieutenant Colonel E. Upton:
EDGAR G. STEEVER, jr..
Cadet Lieutenant and Adjutant.
This was the condition of affairs as to Cadets
Baird, Flickinger, and Barnes up to' tattoo, and
after, on the evening of the 3d of January.
After tattoo the sentinels are relieved, and no
guard is kept on the watch from tattoo to revpille.
fho officer of the day goes off duty for the night about
half pabt ten o'clock. The officer in charge, who is
an Army officer and one of the instructors in tactics,
visits quarters irregularly after the officer of the day
retires, to make inspection. These visits .are made
about once a week, but not on regular nights. No
such visit was made on this night.
The alleged offenses of these three cadets and
theirsubsequent arrest occasioned considerable com-
ment during the day; and some time in the day, but
befoie two o'clock in the afternoon, tjie first class
held a meeting at the room of Cadet Nave and con-
sulted about the matter. This meeting is alleged
by them to have been spontaneous, without call,
nor was an organization effected. Th? deliberations
of this meeting were cut short by t)ie arrival of the
recitation hour. In the evening, after parade and
alter the orders for arrest of the three cadets, with :
the charges against each, had been read, another
meeting of the first class was hold. This meeting ■
was organized by choosing a chairman, who was
Cadet Huag, and it was finally decided that the class
"should put them (tho three cadets) off that
*ight;" and to effect itthe whole class w^sdiyided
into three committees. Between eleven and twelve
o'clock at night they assembled, about thirty-seven
irall, and proceeded to the rooms of thpcadets. One
£(iuad went to the room of Cadets paird and Flick-
inger, another to the room of Cadet Barnes, while
another squad kept watch outside.
Tne party consisting of Cadet Davis, a cadet cap-
tain, in whoso company Flickinger and Baira were
enrolled. Cadet Grant, Cadet Roe, and others, went
into the room of these two cadets. CadctDavis him-
self arouged Cadet Baird, and Cadet Grant was seen
ija Wadet yiickingers alcove. They groused
and told to got up and dress in citizens' clothes, as
they had lied and must leave the Point. This charge
Baird denied; but his denial was met by the state-
ment, "No matter; you must leave." The dressing
was hurriedly done, Baird leaving his watch hang-
ing in his alcove and his effects scattered around.
Flickinger did not have citizens' clothes sufficient
to drpss him, and a coat and other articles were given
him. After being hurriedly dressed they were taken
down into the area, and then into Cadet Hoag's room,
where they were met by the party who had been sent
for Cadet Barnes, and then theyimmediatelystarted
in a hurried manner to the rear of the grounds. As
they passed the mess building another squad was
found, who reported " all right," and then all moved
on together.
The first class was alleged to have all been en-
gaged in this matter, with fouforfive exceptions.
No personal violence was used; but Cadets Brush
and others had hold of Cadet Baird. After leaving
the buildings there was much loud talking, and
threatening and menaces directed to these boys. On
arriving at cadet limits, near old Fort Putnam, a
halt was called; money was given them, inquiry was
made as to where their trunks were to be sent, and
they were told that they had lied; that the first class
was doing this, and that was the way that the first class
treated men who lied; that they should now go and
never return; that if they did return they would be
tarred and feathered. Other threats were used. The
cadets, when let go, ran away and continued at lull
speed until beyond the reach of missiles. Nothing
was thrown after them, nor does it appear that any
of the cadets had clubs or stones in their hands.
The first class then proceeded to their quarters
quietly, being absent therefrom about twenty to
twenty-five minutes. Nothing was observed unusual
by any officer or other person at the post, nor had
any officer either suspicion or anticipation of the
occurrence.
The three cadets, Baird, Barnes, and Flickinger
went to Highland Falls, where they obtained beds,
about one o'clock in the morning of the 4th day of
January. On this day (the 4th) they found them-
selves, illy clad for the inclement season, in a strange
place, without friends as they supposed, and Buffer-
ing from fear of violence. Baird was nineteen years
of age, a delicate looking boy, while Barnes and
Flickinger were only about seventeen years of age.
They first wrote a letter to the first class, asking
for their clothing, for Baird's watch, and other
things. This was sent bjr a boy. Some clothing was
returned, with Baird's watch, and with them a letter
signed " First Class," and again telling them to give
the address to which their trunks could i>e sent, and
reiterating the threat that they must never return.
After further deliberation Baird and Flickinger
concluded to go to Poughkeepsie, andBarnes to Jer-
sey City, where he has friends, and await events.
At Poughkeepsie Baird and Flickinger fell in with
a former classmate by the name of Andrews, who
took them to his father's house, when, on delibera-
tion, they concluded to and did write a statement of
the affair to the superintendent, which was signed
by both. The letter is a part of the evidence. Baird
wrote another letter to Commandant Upton, also in
evidence. These letters bear date the 5th day of
January, and seem to have been written under the
supposition that they would not be permitted to
return; that they wished to be cleared from any
charge of desertion, and be permitted to resign or be
dismissed. On the receipt of these letters at the post
the commandant telegraphed Baird:
"Remain at Poughkeepsie until you receive a
letter advising you what to d<?. JS. UPTON."
On the 6th Lieutenant Starring was sent for
Cadets Baird and Flickinger, to take them back to
the post. He readily found them, and returned with
them about four o'clock in the alternoon. They
were taken to their quarters, where they were ordered
to remain; were relieved from all duty, but to be
held in arrest, to go to their mess under the cadet
guards, and not to leave their rooms unless sent for.
Very soon Commandant Uptomsentfor them, talked
with ihein, and told them that lie could obtain strong
evidence against them; that they could take their
choice, stand trial or resign. He also advised them,
on their inquiry, that under the circumstances the
best thing they could do would be to resign, and he
would send up their resignations with the charges
against them. They were returned to their room,
and immediately sent for resignation blanks, signed
and sent them in; and on the same day they were
each forwarded, attached to the charges and speci-
fications preferred against each, with the following
indorsements:
Headquarters United States Corps Cadets,
West Point, New York, January 6,1871.
Respectfully forwarded approved. Charges have
been preferred against Cadet William Baird of such
a nature as to insure, beyond question, his dishonor-
able dismissal. I recommend the immediate accept-
ance of his resignation, which is freely tendered,
with a view to avoid publicity. The consent of
parents to the resignation of cadets should be waived
in this case, as to require it would occasion useless
mortification and delay.
E. UPTON,
Lieut. Col. First U. S. Artillery,
Commandant of Cadets.
United States Military Academy.
West Point, Januarys, 1871,
Respectfully forwarded. For the reasons stated
in the indorsement of the comm^^nt of cadets.
Would suggest that Cadet Baird's resignation be
accepted at once.
T. G. PITCHER,
Superintendent Military Academy.
* Th^ indorsements on Cadet Flickinger's resigna-
tion are the same with the change of name, only.
The following is an official copy of the. orders
accepting these resignations:
[Orders No. 1.]
War Department,
Office Inspector op Military Academy,
Washington, January 9,1871.
The resignations of Cadets William Baird and
Enoch H. FUekiDger, United States Military Acad-
emy: have been accepted by the Secretary of War.
#•. $«*##***
E. SCHRIVER,
Brevet Major General, Inspector.
Superintendent Military Academy.
A true copy: E. C. BOYNTON,
Brevet Major and Adjutant.
Cadet Barnes was returned to the Academy on the
10th of January. Exactly how this was done the
committee did not learn; but on the morning of
the 11th of January ho was taken up on the morning
report " rejoined from absence without leave." On
thatdayhe was examined before the academic board
and reported to the Secretary of War for dismissal
for deficiency; and on the 13th day of January,
1871, by special order No. 2, War Department. " on
the recommendation of the academic board. Cadet
McDowei Edgar Barnes, United States Military
Academy, declared deficient in studies at the recent
examination, is discharged the service of the United
States."
These cadets were dropped from the rolls of the
Academy, the two former by reason of resigna-
tion, and Cadet Barnes by reason of dismissal for
deficiency; and they left the Academy promptly on
being relieved by orders.
On the morning of the 4th of January Cadet Cap-
tain Davis reported with his cadet sergeant on his
official morning report that Cadets Baird and Flick-
inger were "absent without leave." This is certified
on honor; and as he had charge of these cadets in
a military sense, should have reported the facts, he
being the cadet who waked up Baird and assisted to
send him off. Officer of the day Mott. relieved this
inorning o.n guard-mounting, reported to the com-
mandant of cadets the absence of the three cadets
under arrest,, at roll-call, and he was immediately
dispatched to learn the reasons why. He returned
and reported their rooms empty, in confusion, but
could learn nothing respecting them. This caused
further inquiry and expressions of astonishment,
Thccommandant immcdiatelyreported to thesuper-
intendent in person and officially, and the superin-
tendent immediately forwarded the report to the
War Department. It is as follows:
Headquarters United States Cadet Corps,
West Point, New York, January 4,1871.
Sir: I have the honor to report that Cadets Barnes,
Baird, and Flickinger, placed in arrest yesterday,
weie absent from their quarters at reveille this morn-
ing, and still remain absent. As they have broken
their arrests I can only presume they have deserted.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
E.UPTON,
Lieutenant Colonel First Artillery,
Commandant of Cadets,
Captain E. C. Boynton,
Adjutant United States Military Academy.
Indorsed : Date, naine of officer, and substance,
and further as follows:
United States Military Acadf.my,
West Point, New York, January 4,1871.
Respectfully forwarded f< r the information of the
Inspector of the Military Academy.
T. Or. PITCHER,
Brevet Brigadier (jenerah
Superintendent Military Academy.
During the day of the 4th of January Cadet James
R. Wasson and Cadet Russel, of the first class, went
tothecommandantand told him what they had done
with the three cadets, and that they were not absent
voluntarily without leave; that the first class had
sent them away from the post; and then and theio
undertook to justify their conduct upon tho ground
that the honor of the corps was suffering; that theso
cadets had lied they were satisfied; and they had
taken the responsibility of doing the act.
. This was about eleven or twelve o'clock in the
day; but not early enough to prevent the foregoing
report charging tho cadets with desertion from going
on to the War Department.
The commandant immediately reported the facts
to the superintendent, but not in writing; but no
official report was made to the War Department by
the superintendent until the 11th of January.
On the 4th day of January, after the first report,
0 iptain Oi ark, acting as commandant, sent for Cadets
Wasson and Russell, and they were directed by him
to present a written statement of the transaction
and anything wo [they] wished to present in re-
gard to it." and. at the request of Cadets Wasson and
Russell, Cadet Davis was added to the committee,
■ ihese.cadets proceeded to discharge this duty, drew
! up a statement, and were getting signatures thereto,
j when the class became dissatisfied with tho matter,
i onlled a. meeting, and appointed Cadets Ulysses (i.
I White, \ luton A. Godi*rfi, and Crcorge F, Ciiasea
