210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
a bill for their relief to go to a committee,
there to sleep a sleep that know3 no awakening,
who knows how many would have complied
before now ?
I believe if an office in every county town
had been opened a year ago in the South for
such a purpose there would be but few now
who had not brought forth "fruits meet for
repentance," such as our strictest preachers
require, and justifying congressional relief
even in their estimation.
But instead of a simple, easy law of pardon
to be complied with, we have simp.ly said Con-
gress may, by a two-thirds vote of both Houses,
remove disabilities, without saying how the
poor and contrite soul should make known his
desire for relief. I think we should not con-
tinue our declamations against the stubborn-
ness of those sinners until we give them a
uniform rule by which they can make their
longings for pardon known.
In this connection, Mr. Speaker, I wish to
allude to my course here in behalf of some
few who have been relieved through me, as
I suppose. Some have said that no one's dis-
abilities should be removed unless he ask for
it. If this be right, I have sinned to a small
extent. Through me five persons in my district
have had their disabilities removed. Three of
them either wrote to me or spoke to me on the
subject. Two of them never did either, norany
one for them. If there was any rale of the
House or committee requiring that a petition
should be filed by them I was not aware of
it, and should not have attempted their relief
in violation of such rule.
I have always been opposed to the peddling
orretail process in this matter, but last session,
when a bill was pending here of that character,
I thought it would place me in a false position
to have a bill go through Congress relieving
mauy in Tennessee and not one in my district.
It would have looked like I was utterly opposed
to any one's being pardoned. So I introduced
bills for those five (also others) of which I have
spoken, and they were referred to the Recon-
struction Committee, with, perhaps, the letters
of some of them ; and the names of only five
were returned in the bill that passed Congress
about the 1st of March last.
Now, four out of five of those men were
aspirants for Congress in my district, and one
of the two who did not ask me to have his
disabilities removed received the Democratic
nomination, and will be my successor in the
Forty-Second Congress, or at least he will
apply to be seated. I suppose there will be a
good many members of the next Congress who
have had their disabilities removed asking at
least to be seated. There are four from my
State, and I venture the prediction that my
successor will prove no more unworthy of his
seat than any other, though he did not seek
relief. I mention this fact to justify myself,
and am honestly of the opinion I could pick
out for relief men as worthy as any found
petitioning for it.
Some of my party seem to think if they peti-
tion for it they will be more reliable. My ob-
servation is that when you forgive them they
remain Democrats, whether they had asked
pardon or not; and if there be nothing gained
to the country or party, why not forgive all and
be done with it? Oh! but we are told they
are as bitter and unrepentant as ever; that they
say so themselves ; and newspaper articles
and quotations from speeches made by them
are adduced in proof. In reply to this I have
lo say, if we wait until all the rebel or radical
fools either die before we promulgate a general
pardon we will probably wait until the crack
of doom, and the reading of those articles by
which the authors are gotten into the Globe no
doubt is vary flattering to their vanity and
encouraging to theiu to put forth new efforts
of a similar character.
That Governor Vance advised the people of
North Carolina to "fight the Yankees until
hell should freeze over, and then fight them on
the ice," has been referred to in connection with
his late election to the United States Senate,
and his declaration that he had not sought the
removal of his political disabilities as evidences
of a want of repentance. We do not know
that they prove it. It is certain that Governor
Vance n«w prefers to fight the Yankees on
the carpeted Halls of Congress to the ice of a
frozen hell, and has said, or is so reported, he
had no doubt but that the Yankees would let
him in. These facts imply a change of some
sort in the Governor, and I hope and believe
for the better.
The best evidence of a man's repentance is
not that he says he is sorry, but that he leaves
off his evil practices; and the rebels have
stopped their open, flagrant war, and I am
persuaded are leaving off the disgraceful night
raids upon Onion and colored people—a prac-
tice never meeting the approval of their best
men. Rebels may say they are not sorry for
their rebellion, but they have ceased it. They
may say they would do again as they have done
if they had the power, but this may be more a
foolish bravado than truth; at any rate, they
cannot if they would. I propose that while the
most vicious among them seem to busy them-
selves about the notoriety of having the last
bitter word about our late "unpleasantness,"
that we "revile not again," but occupy our-
selves with performing the last crowning act
of magnanimity and forgiveness—a universal
political amnesty.
When the rebellion collapsed we commenced
the work of reconstruction without hanging
the great leader of the rebellion, a captive in
our hands ; and not a life has been taken by
the Government in consequence of the war.
We have acted in a spirit of generosity and
brotherly love; " let us fight it out on that
line," with the author of the motto as our
leader, as well of that " let us have peace."
Mr. Speaker, the condition of the Repub-
lican party in my district now is one of pros-
tration, I may almost say of subjugation. The
members of the party have not rallied to an
election since 1867. The vote of General
Grant in 1868 was more than twenty thousand
less than for Governor Browxlow in 1867.
General Stokes, the Republican candidate for
Governor in 1869, received very nearly the vote
of General Grant, and our candidate for Gov-
ernor this year received at the election, 8th
of November last, about forty thousand, but
little more than half the vote of our party in
1867. I believe there areas many if not more
Republicans in the State to-day than there
were in 1867, but they have not and cannot be
rallied to the polls in the face of the spirit and
temper that pervade the Opposition party. It
has been said by some, and perhaps believed
by more, that the leaders of the party have
wilted, cowered before the unrepentant rebels,
and that they should denounce them to their
faces as rebels living and enjoying the benefits
of the grace and protection of the Government,
when, if simple justice was but meted out to
them for their treason, they would be dangling
at the ends of ropes and their property confis-
cated to pay loyal men for their thefts during
the war. Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not believe
such denunciations of our rebel brethren would
be justifiable and proper under any circum-
stances, and those who affect to believe it would
be a panacea for the South at the present time
would be much better qualified to judge after
making the experiment.
As bad as has been and is the spirit of many
in the South, it is not to be improved in that
way; neither would it be improving to the Re-
publican party. It should be borne in mind
that in the South there are good and well-dis-
posed people as well as bad; that they exist in
both parties, and that it should be the object,
as it is the mutual interest, of the good and well-
disposed of both parties to remove all pretexts
for disorders. Political proscription has been
the great pretext. Let it be taken away from
the bad, and enlist the good of the ex-rebel
party to aid us in the enforcement of the law
and the suppression of outrage. Let it re-
main, and a terror not only pervades the poor
blacks, but a fear prevails among the whites,
deterring from active measures to suppress
the swift and terrible vengeance of a disguised
mystic brotherhood.
In this connection I wish to call the atten-
tion of members who have a majority of lie-
publican white constituents to the fact that
in the South we have to rely largely upon a
colored constituency that has neither houses,
lands, nor homes. Honorable members can
see in a moment the advantage districts hav-
ing a large white Republican constituency,
with homes and lands of their own, possess
over those having neither, and unfortunately,
but no fault of theirs, with black skins. It
would be expected of East Tennessee Repub-
licans (and they would do it) that they would
resist intimidations and rally to the polls, in
defiance of threats and dangers, quicker and
more effectually tjian can be expected of dis-
armed, helpless, homeless, and landless col-
ored voters.
In this connection I will also say that it is a
delusion to suppose the mere presence of blue-
coats, scattered here and there, only to be used
to suppress violence when called on by the civil
authorities, and after the election to be sent
somewhere else, can or will have the effect to
inspire the colored voter with a courage to
forget the whippings and hangings of a well-
organized, permanently-located band, defying
detection or punishment of any sort, civil or
military. I have seen this experiment tried.
In 1808 Andrew Johnson, at the request of our
Legislature, sent Federal troops to Tennessee,,
and several companies were quartered ia my
district; yet General Grant did not get half
the Republican vote in that district. Whip-
pings, hangings, and shootings were carried
on within sight and sound of the soldiers' quar-
ters ; yet we had no civil authorities but what
were either afraid or did not want to call on
Federal soldiers to hunt down home Kuklux.
Mr. Speaker, I do not want to see any more
soldiers detailed for keeping down violence,
with no authority or right to do it unless asked
by the violators themselves. It is a mockery,
and I am satisfied I represent my constituents
on this point.
Mr. Speaker, having referred to what have
been the political workings in Tennessee since
the rebellion, and the present condition of the
Republican party, I now propose to allude to
what I believe will be the workings under a
general and complete removal of disabilities,
legal and political. The first and immediate
effect will be to disarm our adversaries of the
pretext that they are proscribed in any way ;
that they have all the taxes to pay, and yet
are debarred the privileges of " niggers;" that
the Radical scallawags and carpet-baggers have
set the negroes over them until they can pick
their,pockets, and much more of the same in-
flammatory character, palliating, if not justi-
fying in their estimation, the violence that has
pervaded the land. Second, it will call to the
front a large number of Democratic aspirants
for office, without at all increasing the number
of their voters or workers. The centripetal
force (hatred to Radicals) which has hereto-
fore made them a unit in their opposition will
be removed, and the centrifugal force (love for
office) will cause them to fly off at tangents
from each other, and in districts where they
have largo majorities they will have their
troubles as we have had ours. Then there being
no longer a common pretext for their haired,
the old Whigs and old Democrats will be left
to arrange themselves upon the revived issues
of tariff and currency, according to their will
and judgment.
The old Whigs, who never have avowed a
faith in the right of secession, but were pre-
