1870.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
cipitated into the rebellion, -will be at liberty to
object to a revival of that Democratic doctrine.
In a word, Mr. Speaker, there will be a restor-
ation of the old order of things, and I hope and
believe there would be a freedom of speech
and discussion in the South that never has
existed there before or since the war ; a free-
dom that would enable Republicans to main-
tain their doctrines in respectful and courteous
discussion with their opponents in all portions
of the South.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that the colored
people will be. immeasurably benefited ; that
not only Radicals will be their teachers in
politics, but even Nasby Democrats will con-
descend to show them that their true interest
is as of old to raise cotton for British facto-
ries and buy everything they may need with
the cotton proceeds. Of course I think the
" nigger" will be slow to see it, but it will be
elevating to have Nasbv his friend and in-
structor. In districts where the Republic-
ans have majorities they will elect their men,
unless they throw away their chances by divis-
ions; and in districts Democratic it will be the
reverse, and this will be as it should be. It
will not be as heretofore that any Democrat can
get all the Opposition vote against a Repub-
lican. The old Whig element will have to be
respected and consulted, and I believe the
Republicans will gain voters and lose office-
seekers.
But, Mr. Speaker, suppose I am mistaken
in my calculations as to the beneficial effects
of a geneial amnesty. Suppose the calcula-
tions of those who say it will only intensify the
opposition to the Government, give its enemies
respectability, influence, and power they have
not now ; suppose the proscription and per-
• secution of Union men are continued and fol-
lowed up, till it will be intolerable for them to
live where they were born and raised; had we
not better have these results developed as soon
as possible, the sooner the better? If these
things are to eome upon Union men of the
South when all real or imaginary oppression
is removed, had we not better know it, that
we may set our houses in order? If the ele-
ments of another war are to be gathered up
in the South, had we not better take all obsta-"
eles and hinderances out of the way at once,
Mid let the parties look each other squarely in
the face and prepare for the fight? I do not
believe such will be the result, but that it will
be impossible for this crowning act of mag-
nanimity to make matters worse; but if so, I
say again let us not delay the sequel.
Air. Speaker, I desire to say a few words j
more. My distinguished colleague from Bast j
Tennessee [Mr. Mayntaed] said, in his speech
011 this subject, that he was of the opinion that j
but few Republicans of the South desired the j
passage of an amnesty bill. He may have •
spoken aright for his district, but I understood j
him as referring to the South generally. Now, ;
Mr. Speaker, I desire to be understood as to j
what I have said or may say, as speaking for j
my district, but, as before stated, believe a i
similar state of feeling, spirit, and desires j
exists in all other districts composed of the !
same classes of people. I feel perfectly satis- i
lied that a majority of the Republicans of |
my district desire that a universal political
amnesty should be granted to all. As a mem- j
ber of the Republican party from the begin- i
ning, I said and held, in public and private. ;
that whenever the ex-rebel element gave assur- .
ances of respecting the equal civil and polit- i
ical rights of the freedman, then they should '
and would be enfranchised. I have said on
the stump and in print ever since the enfran-
chisement of the colored man became a ques- j
tion in Tennessee that the rebels ought not to
be excluded if they would assent to it heartily
and cordially, and that 110 party if it desired
could keep them disfranchised if they would.
I held and maintained ail the time that if
assurances were not given by the Democratic
party to respect those rights of the freedmen,
then it was the imperative duty of the Repub-
lican party to take guarantees in their behalf.
Unfortunately for the country, and to the dis-
credit of the Democratic party, they refused
to give any assurances that they would respect
those rights if they attained to power. So it
devolved upon the Republican party to legis-
late and reconstruct in such a manner as to
guard and protect them, which has required
time to accomplish, attended with much un-
pleasantness, all of which might have been
avoided by the Democratic party accepting the
results of the war at onee and in good faith,
and which it is presumed it now does. These
were not only my sentiments, but the sen-
timents of many leading Republicans in my
district at an early day after the rebellion. At
the convention nominating me as a candidate
for Congress in August, 18C8, a platform was
adopted favoring a removal of all disabil-
ities. I made the canvass, and maintained
throughout that I had no doubt the election
of General Grant would be followed by such a
measure; and I believe if we fail to pass it
now it will be done during this or the next
session.
My colleague in his speech read from the
late Democratic platform of Tennessee to show
that it was a Democratic doctrine. I protest
against this liberal, beneficent doctrine being
ascribed to Democracy. They favor it now as
they do everything else that they imagine will
help them in a party sense. But this plank
alluded to by my colleague in the Democratic
platform, for the purpose, I suppose, to warn
us against going astray, was the only plank I
believe in it about which there was no issue in
our late gubernatorial contest in Tennessee. I
had tbe pleasure of hearing the standard-bear-
ers once during the canvass—General John C.
Brown, of the late rebellion, for the Democracy,
and Hon. William H. Wisener for the Repub-
licans. They had no discussion about it.
These facts, Mr. Speaker, I think fully justify
me in saying that only a fewRcpublicans in my
district object to it, and that I am truly repre-
senting them, as well as myself, on this sub-
ject.
Now, in conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I wish to j
add this warning to the Republican party, which 1
is, if we do not settle this subject amicably 1
among ourselves before the next presidential
election it will sunder our party, and the lib- i
eral wing, united with the Democrats, will
carry the election, as they have in every such
split in States. The liberal wing with the
Democrats have carried North Carolina, West
Virginia, and Missouri. Whether it will result
in giving the national Government over to the
Democracy as it has of these States depends
upon the respective numbers of Republicans
and Democrats that may unite upon candidates ■
favoring the policy.
Thousands of all parties are tired of this dis-
cussion and agitation, and the party that plants '
itself squarely for universal manhood suffrage !
and universal political amnesty will triumph '
over any and all other parties opposing these
ideas. And such has been the theory of the
Republican party. Why not that party add
to its laurels by making them practical, living
facts?
I wish to also say that notwithstanding the
disorders that have prevailed in my State I
do not believe that now or at any time here-
tofore there has been a general hatred and
enmity between the races. The colored peo-
ple, as a general thing, have been respectful
toward the whites, and the whites, as a general 1
thing, have treated them in every respect,
except political, with a reasonable fairness
and justice, and many Conservatives and Dem-
ocrats are personally as kind and just to the
colored people as Republicans. The violence
has been for political effect, and by no means
have nil Democrats or Conservatives approved ,
of it even for that purpose, but could not or
would not unite in condemnation and sup-
pression of it, because in so doing they subjected
themselves to the suspicion of being sympa-
thizers with Radicals and apologists for dis-
franchisement and proscription. Let this cause
be removed, and then (if we could only have
the intemperate use of whisky abated) we
should have but little if any more violence
toward the colored people. They have no
doubt had, in some instances, bad'advice;
but I do know that, as a general thing, they
received good instruction how to conduct them-
selves in their business relations with the whites,
as well as how to vote.
I have heard colored speakers from the west-
ern States address them, and I never heard them
advise or counsel a spirit of hatred toward
the whites, their former masters. That this
is true is verified by the fact that while the
blacks could always be rallied for the Repub-
lican ticket in the absence of dread of personal
harm, they were seldom found the aggressors,
j but almost always the sufferers when violence
| did occur. I believe the colored voters have
i been so taught and influenced in my district
j that not one out of a hundred would object to
| the rebels' restoration to full and equal rights
j and privileges, if assured they would not go
back on them. And I_ believe a large major-
ity of them in my district are now satisfied on
that point and would to-day sign a petition to
Congress to relieve every rebel in the district
and let him hold office as well as vote, which
latter he already does. And if Congress thinks
it impolitic to relieve all in the South, I do
most earnestly desire it to be done for my dis-
trict. I proposed this at last session, and I
do not see why we may not relieve a whole
county or district whose loyal people desire it,
as well an individuals here and there not so
well sustained by the petitions of loyal men.
But, Mr. Speaker, it seemstoringin my ears
all the time, " Let them repent," ''Let them
ask forgiveness,'' " Cast notyour pearls before
swine, lest they trample them under their feet
and turn again and rend you." I have before
noticed these arguments or reasons for with-
holdingpardon, and Concede they are Scripture
quotations or deductions, and entitled to due
consideration. But we should remember that
perhaps nine tenths of all the religious jargon
of the world comes from putting too much,
stress on some scriptures to the neglect of
others, untimely quotations, or misapplications
to the proper persons or characters.
Let this great Government give the greatest
manifestation of its forgiving and loving spirit
ever shown by any human Government before
to its erring children, and then call on them to
repent, reform, and renew their allegiance, or
be dealt with according to laws made for all.
| Mr. Speaker, what 1 have said I believe to
1 be true. I have set down nothing in malice
! against my brethren, nor extenuated aught for
my friends, but have endeavored to give this
House as true a statement of the past, the
present, and what may be expected in the fu-
ture as I could do in the time I have occupied.
I may be misunderstood by some and misrep-
resented by others, but if I know my own
heart I have spoken the truth, and though it
may be unpalatable to some it. can never give
offense to the honest and well-meaning of my
countrymen. I have tried to do it as a friend
of my country and my party, and I hope ni\
advice will be seen to differ as widely from the
rancor of an enemy as the probe of thephv.M-
cian differs from the dagger of the assassin.
Mr. MAYHAM. Mr, Speaker, I had ob-
tained the permission of the chairman or' the
Committee on Recoiistiuction [Mr. Bi TLnii]
to offer an amendment striking out of section
two of this bill all after the word "dismissed,
in line twenty-four, down to and including the
word "same," inline twenty-eight of that, sec-
tion. The language proposed to be stricken
out is this:
And judgment entered for the defendant: and
if such action was brought by or in behalf of a pri-
vate party, an execution shall issue lor aU le^al
and taxable costs against the party prosecuting the
I same.
