1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1640
having spent ten hours at least in present-
ing their objections to this bill, would allow
us to vote upon it, and t.bat we could go on
to-morrow morning and pass the appropriation
bills. Probably the appropriation bills will
consume nearly all the time of th.e Senate until
the close of this session of Cqii^jfress. <Sst
The majority feel it to.iM their duta|Kpp!fss
this bill, and the mintxi^riiave hadM*?ir right
to make their oiyjeotrons to it.gJSltw, it seems
to me we oughfe?£(srto weatf^jj^elves further.
Many of our botly are inrsjiseble condition of
1 > n i\ 11 f  mAcif r\ r tl\o n y i? tvu
es^p?
Now, I kj®lal-terttrs minority, without going
into this c3?cussi<H>f--fc~ f>peal to the Senator
from California, not to ask us to consume
another day on litis bill. We would not pre-
sent this bill at this period of the session did
we not feel it to be a public duty to pass it.
We have refrained from debate or from mak-
ing any remark that would lead to debate;
and the minority having now had a full oppor-
tunity to present their objections to it, we
ought to vote upon it to-night, and at as early
an hour as possible, so that v/e may go home
and come back to-morrow and go on with the
appropriation bills.
That is the view I take of this matter ; and
I do appeal to the minority, unless some
of them desire still to present their views and
objections to the bill or propose amendments,
that without unnecessary delay wo proceed to
vote. 'They have performed their duty. We
can then adjourn at as early an hour as possible
to-night, and go home and have a little rest,
and come back here to morrow and go on with
the appropriation bilis in which all our con-
stituents are alike interested.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, there are
gentlemen who desire to speak on the side of
the minority upon this question ; three that I
know of, including myself, and probably one
more. Then there are several amendments
yet to be discussed.
Let me say to the Senator from Ohio, and,
to use his own language, in the kindest spirit,
that I do not think he has stated fairly the true
position of this matter. Sir, is it the fault of
the minority that the situation of business
in this body is what it is? Has any member
of the minority offered any obstruction to
the dispatch of business? I take the case
especially of the appropriation bills. They
are bills presenting in a peculiar degree a field
for discussion, and also a duty of discussion,
on the part of the minority ; yet any gentle-
man may take the debates in the Globe on
the two appropriation bills that have passed in
this body, and he will admit that, Senator for
Senator, four or five times as much debate
was made by the Senators of the majority here
as by those of the minority.
We acted in good faith and in a spirit of
proper duty toward the Government in our
course on the appropriation bills. Indeed I
might say with entire truth that the lastappro-
priation bill which went through this body at
a late hour last night ought not to have passed
at that time, but should have been further dis-
cussed ; and I am persuaded that there are
provisions in that bill which will yet rise up in
judgment against the Senators who voted for
them. And yet, sir, under the physical con-
straint that is imposed upon us here by the
majority in this body, without any warrant
whatever in the condition of the public busi-
ness, so far as I could see or as anybody was
able to tell, it was forced to a vote. But for
that pressure that bill could not then have
passed, and ought to have gone over until to-
day, and a further discussion been had upon it.
Now, the Senator from Ohio thinks that the
minority ought to yield. Yield what, sir? We
are peu'ectly powerless here. It is the Sen-
ator and his party associates who have kept us
her«5 and who are keeping themselves. Have
we not the right to debate such a bill as this?
41st Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 104.
Why did it come in here at so late a period of
the session? Why did not the overwhelming
two thirds of the other House bring this bill
forward at an early day? Why wa3 it not
brought forward here sooner?
Mr. THURMAN. Why was it brought for-
ward at all?
Mr. CASSERLY. My friend suggests why was
it brought forward at all. I shall speak of that
presently. Was the design to put it through
without proper debate? I do not say that it
was; but if it was, precisely the course that
would have been pursued has been pursued—
to bring it here ; to hold your caucus, as has
been said ; God knows when ; 1 do not know
whether it was held, nor where ; whether by
day or by night—night would seem to be a
proper time for such a proceeding—and under
the whip and spur of a caucus you proceed
to put it through; and a merit is made of
the most extraordinary exhibition that ever
was seen in a legislftive body. What is that
exhibition? That the majority, after having
forced this bill before the Senate last night
near midnight, have sat here all day without
saying a word or giving an explanation. 1 do
not consider that that is a very great merit in
the majority.
The Senator from Ohio says there.are Sena-
tors here who suffer during these long sessions.
Undoubtedly there are ; and I am sure nobody
proposes to inflict any suffering on any Senator
merely for the sake of punishing him. But we
have a great duty to perform. We are endeav-
oringto perform it to the best of our ability, and
if it occupies inconvenient hours of the night
that is not our fault. We have not desired a
night session. We were anxious to avoid
it. We preferred to discuss such a bill as
this in the open daylight, when it should be
discussed, and when, with proper time, with
our faculties fresh, both of body and mind, we
could give to it such a discussion as it deserves.
Senators of the majority keep us here prison-
ers, keep us here from eleven o'clock in the
forenoon until nearly midnight, and then they
appeal to us, as a matter of kindness, to stop
the debate, and let them go home.
Of course the Senator from Ohio will not
be surprised to hear that neither I nor the
gentlemen associated with me agree with him
as to the necessity of this bill. That is a very
natural difference; but it is a very wide one.
Nor is there any apparent reason why at this
session this bill should be brought forward.
I know of no reason unless the gentleman
who brought it forward and his associates are
afraid of the coming Congress. They, who
have so much to say of the voice of the peo-
ple, dread to meet it in that next Congress.
Hence this dispatch, hence tills pressure to
put this bill through. I know of no other
reason. If any gentleman can give any reason
I should be glad to hear it.
Mr. THUliMAN. This night session per-
haps inflicts no such inconvenience upon any
member of the Senate as it does upon me,
owing to my state of health ; but I have sat
here, as I did last night in almost equally bad
•health, to discharge what I believed to be my
duty.
I wish to say one word now in answer to a
suggestion of my colleague, which was made
in a very courteous way, and is entitled to a
yery courteous reply. He tells us that the
majority have resolved to pass this bill. Cer-
tainly we knew that; we knew it before the
debate began. But the fact that the majority
in a legislative body have resolved to pass a
bill, to listen to no argument that may be made
against it 
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are not able to hear
my friend from Ohio on this side of the Cham-
ber.
Mr. THURMAN. My throat is so sore that
it is with great pain I can speak at all. Per- !
haps if there were less conversation in the 1
Chamber I could be heard better.
I was saying that if the bare fact that the
majority of a legislative tody have resolved to
pass a measure were a reason why the minority
should refrain from debate the privilege of
debate would be worth nothing at all. It is
simply because we are in a minority that we
are the more entitled to be heard in the oppo-
sition we make to a measure; for Senators
know that in any country that has anything
like freedom the people are the ultimate tri-
bunal that decides everything; and every Sen-
ator knows full well that the speeches which
are made in this Chamber upon party meas-
ures, measures on which parties are arrayed
agaiust each other, are made for the people
rather than for the members of the Senate ;
and certainly it is so when a caucus of the
dominant party has resolved to pass a meas-
ure without allowing any amendment whatso-
ever.
Now, in respect to the time occupied in the
discussion, it is but a few months since the
first measure that was ever moved in the Uuited
States for taking control of elections in the
United States under congressional law was
brought into this body. Never before until
the last session of this Congress did the Con-
gress of the United States attempt to assert
any power to interfere in the elections of the
States. A more radical change iu our insti-
tutions, or our practice, a change that goes
deeper, a change more far-reaching, a change
pregnant with more serious consequences, can-
not be conceived by man; and yet when that
bill was brought in it was put through the
Senate at one single sitting. Instead of being
debated, as much inferior measures have been
debated in times past for day after day, nay,
for week after week, those who were opposed
to it were compelled to sit through the long
and weary watches of the night, and the bill
was passed after the sun had risen on the next
day after it was taken up, at the close of a
sitting of nearly eighteen hours.
Now, Mr. President, this supplementary bill
is brought in upon this same subject; a bill
which, as I stated, radically chauges all the
practice iu this country, and strikes at the
very foundation of our free institutions, and
it is to be put through, as its progenitor was
put through, at one single sitting; and we are
told that we ought to submit, because the ma-
jority have willed that it shall be so. I claim
that I have never, since I have had the honor
to hold a seat in this body, consumed time
merely in order to waste time; I have never,
merely for the purpose of delayiug action,
uttered one single word or made one single
motion ; but I do claim that it is but right on
a question like this, vital to American institu-
tions, that there should be all the debate that
any«Senator may desire.
This is all, perhaps, that I desire to say. I
should be extremely glad myself to say some-
thing on this bill; but in the condition of my
health I cannot do it. I must forego that. I
wish it could be agreed that we could take the
vote at the time suggested by the Senator from
California and now adjourn ; but if we cannot,
then, the least that we can ask and that the
majority of the Senate can accord to ns is,
that those who desire to speak upon it may be
heard, and respectfully heard.
Mr. BLAIR proceeded to address the Sen-
ate in opposition to the bill. [His speech will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I wish to
call the attention, not of the Senate, for that
would be useless, but of the country to one
or two other features in this singular bill.
Section sixteen provides—
That in any ease where suit or prosecntion. civil
or criminal, shall be commenced in a court of any
State against any officer of the United btates, or
other person, tor or on account of any act done
under the provisions of this act, or under color
thereof, or for or on account of any right, authority,
or title set up or claimed by such officer or other
person under any of said provisions, it shall be liin-
liil for the defendant in such suit or prosecution, at
any time before trial, upon a petition to the circuit
court of the United States in and for the district in
