1650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
•which the defendant shall have been served with
process, setting forth the nature of said suit or prose-
cution, and verifying the said petition by affidavit,
together with a certificate signed by an attorney or
eounselor-at-law of some court of record of the State
an which such suit shall have been commenced, or
of the United States, setting forth that as counsel
for the petition he has examined the proceedings
against him—
That word "petition" ought to be "peti-
tioner so as to read, ' 'counsel for the peti-
tioner;" but I suppose it is to go without any
amendment. It was evidently intended for
" petitioner"—
and has carefully inquired into all the matters sot
forth in the petition, and that he believes the same
to be true, which petition, affidavit, and certificate
shall ho presented to the said circuit court, if in ses-
sion, and, if not, to the clerk thereof at his office,
and shall be filed in said oftice, and the cause shall
thereupon bo entered on the docket of said court,
and shall be thereafter proceeded in as a cause origin-
ally commenced in that court.
I read that far to make a comment upon it.
The first thing to be noticed in regard to this
section is the change which is made in our law,
by which a cause may be transferred at any
time before trial, allowing your officer to go
on and experiment in the State court as much
as he pleases, and put the other party to as
much expense as he pleases, and then, at any
time before trial, after the jury are in the box
and before they are sworn, he may transfer
that case to the circuit court of the United
States, instead of being, as the law has stood
ever since 1789, that to make the transfer the
party must file his petition at the time he en-
ters his appearance, lie may experiment in
the State courts under this section just as long
as lie pleases and then lie may transfer the
cause to the Federal court.
There is one other thing I ought to say in
this connection. It is here provided that the
mere filing of the petition firith the clerk is a'
transfer of the cause without any judicial
action whatsoever; without any finding by
any court, witho ut one single judicial act, the
transfer is made by the mere ministerial act
of filing the petition with the clerk.
But the point, to which I rose to speak is
this: further on in the section it is provided :
And every person, whethor an attorney or officer
of any State court, or othenvise, who shall there-
after—
That is, after this petition is filed in the
circuit court—
tako any steps, or in any manner proceed in the
State court in any action so removed, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and liable to trial and pun-
ishment in the court to which tho action shall havo
been removed, and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by imprisonment for not less than six
months nor more than 011c year, or by fine not less
than $500 nor more than $1,000, or by both such fine
and imprisonment, and shall in addition thereto be
amenable to tho said court to which said action shall
have been removed as for a contcmpt.
Now, Mr. President, what do the lawye^of
the Senate say to that? Is there any country
in the world which has a constitution, is there
any country in the world which has an enlight-
ened system of jurisprudence, in which it is
not a maxim that a judge can only be pun-
ished, for any judicialaet or opinion of his, by
impeachment or removal from office? And
yet what does this act propose? If a man is
sued in a State court and he shall attempt to
remove the action into the circuit court of
the United States under this section, and shall
not effectually do it, in the judgment of the
State court, if it shall be the opinion of the
judge of the State court that he has not com-
plied with this act, and that therefore the
removal has not been effected, and the judge
thereupon proceeds to make any order what-
ever in the cause, that judge is liable under
this section to be indicted in the circuit court
of the United States, and if the circuit court
shall differ with him in opinion upon this sub-
ject, this judicial decision, for the error of
opinion of the State judge upon a judicial
question, pronounced in a judicial cause, he is
to be punished by imprisonment not less than
six months, and also, in the discretion of the
circuit court, by fine; and further than that,
he is liable to that unlimited punishment, that
punishment which has no restriction, punish-
ment for a contempt.
What have we come to? It is of the very
essence of judicial proceedings that the judge
shall be free to deliver his honest sentiments,
his honest judgment. We carry it further.
Our Constitution provides in regard to our-
selves that we shall not be questioned any-
where except in this Chamber for words spoken
in debate. We are free here from being ques-
tioned by anybody. And so your judges are
free from any punishment for the error of their
opinions. What man of character would hold
a judicial seat if he was to be liable to punish-
ment by indictment and imprisonment for an
error in his judicial opinions? And yetthat is
precisely what this section does. It subjects
every judge, from the highest to the lowest, in
the State courts of this Union, in every State
in which there is a city of twenty thousand
inhabitants and this law Is sought to be put
in force in that city, it subjects every one of
them, for an honest error of opinion in decid-
ing a cause, to be imprisoned not less than six
months, and, if the circuit judge sees fit, for
two years, and also to be fined and to be pro-
ceeded against for contempt. I move to strike
out of the bill on page 20, after the word
"void" in line forty, all that follows down
to and including the word "contempt," inline
fifty-one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The amendment will be
reported.
The Chief Cuirk. On page 20 of the bill,
section sixteen, it is proposed to strike out the
following words, commencing with line forty:
And any person, whether an attorney or officer
of any State court, or otherwise, who shall there-
lifter take any steps or in any manner proceed in
the Stato court in any action so removed, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and liable to trial and
punishment in the court to which the action shall
have been removed, and upon conviction thereof
shall bo punished by imprisonment for not less than
six months^ nor more than one year, or byline not
less than &50O n0r more than $1,000, or by both such
line and imprisonment, and shall in addition thereto
be amenable to tho said court to which said action
shall havo been removed as for a contempt.
Mr. THURMAN. Upon that amendment
I ask for the yeas and nays.
[Several Senators rose to second the call
for the yeas and nays, and while some were
rising they were told by others: "Sit down, or
you will be counted."]
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it in order for any
Senator in his seat to express himself in a
loud voice ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
strictly in order.
Mr. CASSERLY. After this call is over I
shall ask the Secretary to read the rule on
that matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it in order for any
gentleman to address the Chair on any other
question when the Senate is dividing than that
under consideration?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
a sufficient number rising to second the call,
and the yeas and nays are ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,-
resulted—yeas 10, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casscrly, Fowler,
Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, McCreery, Miller,
Thurmnn, and Vickers—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, IXarlan, Harris, Howard, Hoive, Howell.■
Morrill of Vermont, Nyo, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Itamsey, Revels, Robertson, Koss, Sawyer. Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Stearns, Stewart, Warner,
Williams, and Wilson—37.
ABSENT—Messrs. Abbott, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cattell, l>_avis, Fenton, Ferry, Flanagan, Hill, Kel-
logg, Lewis, McDonald, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, ltice, Saulsbury, Schurz. Sprague,
Stockton, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, Trumbull, W il-
ley, and Yates—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to strike out the
whole of section sixteen of this bill. This sec-
tion provides that where any act shall have been
committed by one of the officers appointed
under this bill—and their name is legion ; mar-
shals,supervisors, general deputies, and special
deputies, without limitation in number; where
any of these men shall commit any outrage for
which he shall be liable in damages before
the courts of the,State where it was committed,
or of any other State where he may be found,
and where the aggrieved person shall seek to
bring that party before'a jury of the country,
he shall have the power, upon his own mere
petition filed, nothmg else being required, to
take his case.out of tile State jurisdiction, to
withdraw it fr^m-the natural and proper forum,
and the only one heretofore efver used for such
a purpose, and to submit it to a ji3% summoned
by himself!
Was ever a more monstrous thing proposed,
that any man who shall become one of the
thousand myrmidons of this most iniquitous
law—or I should rather say measure, for it is
not quite a law yet—may commit what wrong
he pleases, and however knowingly he com-
mits it, hawever wantonly and maliciously he
commits it, against one of his fellow-citizens,
taking pains previously to do it by color of this
act, then when he is called upon to respond to
the man for the outrage committed upon him,
can say, "I will take you out of the usual
forum where such things are met and you shall
try your case before a jury which I or one of
my coadjutors shall select!"
I do protest, Mr. President, that this is an
outrage upon a common human sentiment of
justice. In all cases where sheriffs are par-
ties they are not permitted to summon juries
for themselves. In those cases where they are
interested, as a matter of course they cannot
act; other machinery is provided to keep the
very name of public justice from being de-
graded and dishonored by such a proposition
as this. The bill has in it many features very
evil, perfectly unjustifiable, shocking and re-
pugnant to the common sense of human jus-
tice ; but it has none that is more violative of
everything like common decency than this.
Mr. President, I never in my life advised a
man to go against the law; I trust that I never
shall do so ; but it is very plain that unless
you wish to inculcate in your people a dis-
regard of law, you must make your laws in
some degree attuned to the sense of human
justice that finds itself naturally in every
human heart. This country has witnessed,
and other countries have witnessed the im-
possibility of executing an unjust, unfair law.
If you do not give men ordinary remedies for
the wrongs inflicted upon them, depend upon
it they wiil by their wild justice assert their
rights themselves.
Now, can it be that it is decent legislation
to pass a law which violates every principle
upon which laws ordinarily are administered
so plainly as does this section ? I will say
nothing here as to whether I expect this
amendment to be adopted or not; but I
choose to make this proposition that at least
this part of disgrace may be taken away from
your proposed act of legislation. I move that
the amendment be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware moves to strike out the
sixteenth section of the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I demand a count of the
other side, of those opposed to ordering the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is too
late.
Mr. BAYARD. Were not the yeas and
nays ordered?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A sufficient
number rose to second the call. Ten Senators
rose, one fifth of the Senators present.
Mr. FOWLER. I beg leave to say a word.
In the first place, I do not understand the ob-
ject of this bill at all at the present time, and
especially of this sixteenth section. I know,
