212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
It will be seen that this amendment would
strike out of this bill the provisions which
allow a defendant who has been prosecuted for
injuries against which this act is a defense to
recover costs of the person prosecuting such
action. I regret, sir, that by the situation of
this bill the amendment which I desired to
make is not now in order, and I shall content
myself with a brief exposition of this feature
of the bill.
Sir, after the full and exhaustive discussion
upon this bill, and the thorough exposition of
its objectionable features by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] the gentleman
from Illinois. [Mr. Farxsworth,] my colleagues
from New York, and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bixguam] and others, I would not occupy
the time of tins House by any remarks but for
the purpose of calling the attention of the House
and the country to the provisions of the bill
which I desired to strike out by this amend-
ment, and to which the attention of these gen-
tlemen seems not to have been directed. The
bill provides that—■
In eas e any suit shall be or shall have beeu com-
menced, or is nuw ]>ciiding, m any court of the Uni-
tod Srai.es for or lr.vause of any act hercitibcforc in
the^ first section of this act mentioned, it shall be a
sufficient dei:eii>e thereto to show at any time to the
court tin-.: rue -"lu-ve of action in any way or form
aro*u ont of nr w.t • the cau^y of any net mentioned
and set forth in said first, section ot this act and not
hereinnitCi excepted, and upon it being shown to the
sau>iaeticn 01 s.u'I couit that, said cause of action
or ot CMnid.r.nt did -<> arise, the paid notion or pro-
ceeding. whether at law or in equity, or by inform-
ation or iiid'ctjnei: shall be forthwith dismissed, and
judgment entered i<.>r tLe defendant; and if sueh
action was brought by or on behalf of a private party,
an execution shall is^ue for ail legal and taxable
cocti againr t the party prosecuting the same.
Sir, I am prepared to go as far as any one
upon this floor to restore kind and fraternal
feeling between ail clashes and citizens of this
Government, and if it be necessary that private
rights be sacrificed to the great and paramount
public good I would do that to any extent
compatible v.'it'i the constitutional powers of
Oongivss: a:vl while I entertain grave doubts
as to the authority of this House to take from
an individual r. vestu J right of action which he
may have against another for the wrongful
conversion of his property, or damages done
. either to his perpon or property, I am not pre-
pared to say that I would not vote even for
that if necessary to quiet controversy and allay
the ani:i>os:ties engendered by this war. But,
sir, in doing so I would make this a statute of
repose, complete and absolute. I would not
make it an instrument of quiet as to one and
of aggression as to another, as proposed in
the provision which I desire to have stricken
out.
What dees this bill propose on this subject ?
It proposes to take from every individual who
has been injured, either in Ms person or. his
property, all right of seeking redress in law for
such injury. Jt I, by reason in any way of this
war, wrongfully took, converted, or appropri-
ated to my own use the property of another, or
arrested or inflicted any personal injury upon
him, this bill takes away the right which lie
now has to prosecute and recover from me any
restitution or redress for the injury thus inflicted
upon his personal or property rights. But it
does not stop there. It provides that the per-
son who has been thus wronged and injured
shall not only be without redress, but that he
shall pay me the cosU of defending an action
which he has brought against me for the inju-
ries winch I have done him. It is not enough
that I may have appropriated to my use his
propsi ty. hi", horses, his mules, his cotton, his
plate, or peilmp-; the wardrobe of his wife : it
is not ci.ouah th.it 1 have illegally incarcerated
hit:! in : r.f.Oii. lor which all redress is taken
«'«'} : bol J h.:.y uiiler this bill pursue him
iurii.: r, a't-i with marshals and sheriffs enforce
an f X'X'inh.n cgaintt him for my costs incuried
iu the dt of an action by him for the
recovery ufhis legal rights, and which but for
the provis'ons of this act would be wholly
indefensible.
Was there ever before such flagrant injustice
and oppression? Is this, sir, the statute of
repose which is so universally demanded by
the country? Will it tend to promote that fra-
ternal feeling so ardently desired by all lovers
of peace and good-will among men? Will it
be, astheeuphoneous title of this bill indicates,
grace, amnesty, and oblivion of all wrongs,
doings, and omissions? Will he who has thus
been the victim of the rapacity of his fellow
feel, when his redress is all taken away by this
act and he compelled to pay a bounty to the
wrong-doer in the way of costs, that this is an
act of grace toward him? Will he not rather
feel that by this act immunity is given to wrong,
and a reward is placed upon wickedness and
outrage?
Sir, I would make this law what its title indi-
cates. I would make it what the people demand
it shall be; I would give it no aggressive pro-
visions with which in the future to stir up the
bitterand bloody memoriesof thepast. I would
make it, so to speak, a scape-goat upon which
to bear away into the laudof forgetfulnessand
bury forever out of sight the wrongs, the
injuries, the oppressions, which were the out-
growth of the evil passions of men engendered
in the excitement of war. I would, in the lan-
guage of my distinguished colleague from New
York, which is a transcript of the teachings of
Him who spoke as never man spake, forgive as
I hoped to be forgiven. In doing this I shall
vote, first, for the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois. [Mr. Farxswortii ;] then, inthe
order in which the vote shall be called, the
amendmentof Mr. Beck; then the amendment
of Mr. Bingham; but without these amend-
ments, or one of them, I shall be compelled
to vote against this bill.
Mr. PHOSSER. Mr. Speaker, I regret very
much that I cannot vote at this time for a
measure of general amnesty. Personally noth-
ing would give me more pleasure, because the
exercise of magnanimity is always a source of
satisfaction. For many of the men now labor-
ing under disabilities I have a very high regard.
But, sir, my experience and observation lead
me to believe that many of those now laboring
under disabilities in the South are not willing
to accept the situation in good faith and abide
by the measures of reconstruction. Almost
every day we see evidences of the fact that ideas
of secession have not yet been "trampled in
the dust,'' as was said by my eloquent friend
from Nevada, but that they are only smoth-
ered and waiting for an opportunity for further
development. I might refer to the fact that
but yesterday, upon the floor of this House,
fourteen gentlemen declared by their votes that
the question of secession was still a debatable
one ; that it was not dead.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. Will the gentle-
man allow me a single remark?
Mr. PROSSEK. I have but littlo time.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. I wish to say
that the gentleman is mistaken. We did declare
that the question of secession was a debatable
one up to the beginning of the war. And I
again declare it emphatically, and can prove it.
Mr. PROSSEK. Very well. Mr. Speaker,
the question of secession is, I venture to say
without fear of successful contradiction, still a
debatable one in the minds of a large number
of the leaders and prominent men of the Dem-
ocratic party. I am unwilling to concede any-
thing to that party which will, under any cir-
cumstances, add to its skeugth or increase its
prospects of success. It is stil! a lawless, revo-
lutionary, and turbulent organization. 1" might
refer you to an address iaSiK'd but a few dajs
ago by Robert Toombs and Linton Stephens
to the people of the State of Georgia, in which
they make use of the following violent and
incendiary language:
"YTe remark, in this connection that neither tlin
fco-enliedlifteontli amendment to the Constitution of
tho United States, or the act of Congress to enforce
it, confers tho right of voting upon any one whatso-
ever."
This language is a direct insult to the
Government, the people, and the laws of the
United States. Farther on they say ;
"Freemen of Georgia! The wrong intended to
bo perpetiated upon you is enormous. The pretexts
which are used to veil it are flimsy, absurd, and in-
famous/'
The following revolutionary advice is given,
and the people of Georgia are exhorted to en-
gage again in nullification and rebellion:
"The remedy is obvious and effective. It the
managers refuse to use it, it is still largely in your
own hands. "We exhort you to use it with manhood
and unflinching firmness. In doing so you will not
be violating law, but only enforcing it and saving it
from violation by others."
Such is the language thes.e conspirators
make use of in reference to the laws of Geor-
gia; and yet we are asked to remove the dis-
abilities resting upon these men, with their
coworkers and followers, and admit them to
full participation in the management of the
Government they once tried to destroy and are
still laboring to overthrow ! *
Sir, I think that the loyal peopleofthecoun-
try have some rights in this matter worthy of
consideration. The fruits of the war are not
yet secured. A large number of those whose
disabilities we are asked to remove are not in
favor of the enjoyment of equal rights by all
classes of citizens. They are opposed to the
enjoyment by our colored fellow-citizens of
their newly-acquired rights, They do not
accept, in good faith, of the situation. In my
own district there are many whose disabilities
I should be glad to see removed, but there are
many even in that district who are engaged in
the commission of unnumbered acts of the
most cruel outrage upon helpless citizens, for
no other reason than the expression of their
political opinions. The letters I hold in my
hand are some of the many evidences in my
possession of the hostility that exists in my own
district to the free enjoyment of political rights.
I will read some of them:
Nashville, Texnessee,
JJecember 13, 1870.
Dear Colostel: Your letter of the 11th instant is
at hand. .Evidences of the most alarming andrevolt-
ing character reach me daily ot the outrage' perpe-
trated upon Union men, white and colored. You say
the enforcement act covers these cases. In nearly
all the cases referred to I must say that the act
does not reach. Would to God it did! I will cite
instances which illustrate the great majority of the
outrages committed since the election of the 8th of
November. In the fourteenth civil district of Cheat-
ham couuty, near Kingston Springs, there were
polled for you 23 votes by colored men. Lee S.
Ayres, storekeeper at a distillery there, states ns a
tact that since the election, and up to the present
time, nearly or quite all of these colored voters v, ho
voted for you have been taken out in the night by
masked men and most unmercifully whipped and
beaten. Noclue can be hadot who theperpetratois
were. None of tho.se who did not vote have been pun-
ished. In most instances no excuse or reason is given
lor the punishment,and when a reason has been given,
a? a pretext, it was for some act of which the victims
have-been and are entirely innocent.
Very many of these outrages have oceurredwithin
the past ten daysin the counties of Sumner and Trous-
dale, bordering on Wilson county, such as the beat-
ing. almost unto death, of Abraham Saunders, Lucius
Dai ton, James Anderson, whipped and beaten ; two
others shot within the past week near Hartsville, in
Trousdale county. Another man (white) called to
his door last night, December 12, by the name of
Thanway, in the fifteenth district of'Davidson county,
on ihe line of Wilson, and shot down dead. These
ease®, and manymore which I could cite, are merely
to illustrate the method adopted by the villains to
evade thesixth section of the enforcement act. Again,
we find the parties upon whom these outruseou-. dcia
have been committed, but who dnrenot erne im< infla-
tion of them, and when they do it is to some intimate
friend from whom they endeavor to secure a pledge
ot secrecy, in fear of their lives should it be known
that they had to any one divulged the facts of the
outrage committed. Lndor these circuuiM anees, it
is diUioult to oeeure affidavits or even information
in probably half of the^c outrages. *  *
A very intelligent man of the civil district of
Davidson eoamy ailirms that there sno on* hundred
and ninety-three colored voters iu hK di-iii'-;; that
those voters were so much intimidated that only throe
colored votes were polled for you, though had they
not have beeounder this state of four they would
alMiavo voted !or yoa. A great' r ru jn of ten or now
exists in tho count v of "Wilson than ever before.
How loij'r, 0 Lord, hou long av« wu to suffer thus ?
At ay tho Almighty and a Republican Congress suon
send relief iu some form. May God give me strength,
morally and physically, to endure to the end!
v ery respectfully, &e., —.—   .
Hon. W, F. Prosper, M, 0.
