i038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. SHANKS. Does not that require unan-
imous consent?
The SPEAKER. Not to report the bill.
The bill was read. It repeals sections nine,
ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen,
and sixteen of the act entitled "An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14,1870.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask that
the bill be specially assigned for consideration
on Tuesday next, after the morning hour.
Mr. SHANKS. I object to its being made
a special order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Is it in
order to put the bill upon its passage?
The SPEAKER. It would not be except
by unanimous consent. It can be considered
in the Honse only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts; Well, I
ask unanimous consent.
Mr. HALE and others objected.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. RANDALL. I would ask if it is ever
likely to be reached by such a reference as
that?
The SPEAKER. A majority of the House
can reach it, and the gentleman can calculate
the time as well as the Chair can.
Mr. RANDALL. When will the Chair allow
a motion to be made to go into committee to
take it up ?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged motion,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts can
make it this morning. As the Chair explained
a day or two since, if this bill goes to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, of course, being the last assignment, it
will be at the foot of the Calendar; but the
House can go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and by a majority
vote lay aside all the other bills that precede it.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope we shall go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union tiow.
Mr. O'NEILL. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I wish to know whether, if
the gentleman from Massachusetts sees fit to
take np the bill now, it can be taken up by a
majority vote.
The SPEAKER. It cannot. The House
can go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union at this time, and a majority
could lay aside the preceding bills in succes-
sion, excepting those which have been made
special orders.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope not.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope the House will,
unless we intend to bring up the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again
briefly explain the rule in relation to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stateof theUnion.
The appropriation bills which are in Committee
ofthe Whole are special orders after the morn-
ing hour by direction of the House. If the
House goes into Committee of the Whole after
the morning hour they have no discretion ex-
cept to follow the direction of the House and
take up the special orders; but if the House
resolves itself into Committee of the Whole
before the morning hour, then it is competent
for the majority of the committee to lay aside
any bill or all the bills successively.
Mr. McNEELY. A question. Will it be
in order when this bill shall have been reached
in Committee of the Whole to move to strike
out all the provisions of this bill in relation to
the income tax and to insert other provisions,
putting salt, tea, and coffee on the free list?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to
move and to entertain any amendment re-
lating to anything included in the act of July
14, 1870, which act included all things relating
to internal reyenue and to tariff duties.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say one word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it in the power of the
House to now take such order as will put the
House in Committee of the Whole in a posi-
tion to consider this bill to repeal the income
tax, and by one motion to lay aside in Com-
mittee of the Whole all bills that precede it
on the Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It is in the power of the
House to do that by a suspension of the rules,
and not otherwise. Bat the gentleman him-
self may remember an instance when, by a
majority vote, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] now chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, succeeded in
having laid aside some forty or fifty bills, in
order to reach the bill making an appropriation
for the French Exposition in 1867.
Mr. RANDALL. How many bills are there
on the general Calendar?
The SPEAKER. The Calendar shows some
seventeen or eighteen bills now on the general
Calendar.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
there is now in Committee of the Whole a
bill to reduce the duties on coal and salt. I
hope the House will go into Committee of the
Whole, and lay aside all bifls until we reach
that one, and then act upon that. It is a bill
for the benefit of the poor man, while this is
for the benefit of the rich man.
The SPEAKER. That bill, if considered
by the Committee of the Whole, might be
amended by adding to it the provisions of
this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
mak£ a parliamentary inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Suppose a
motion should be made and carried before the
morning hour of any day this week to go into
Committee of the Whole on the general Cal-
endar; would not one motion then be suffi-
cient to lay aside all bills that preceded this
one on the Cs#endar?
The SPEAKER. The difference between
going into Committee of the Whole before the-
morning hour and after the morning hour is
simply this : after the morning hour the Com-
mittee of the Whole must consider such meas-
ures ae have been made special orders in Com-
mittee of the Whole after the morning hour.
Should theHouse now resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
it would be beyond the power of the commit-
tee to consider anything else than the naval
appropriation bill, until the same shall have
been disposed of, because the House has
ordered that that bill shall be the special order
in Committee of the Whole after the morning
hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Suppose we
go into Committee of the Whole before the
morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. It would then be within
the competency of the majority of the Com-
mittee of' the Whole to lay aside all bills seri-
atim on the Calendar by a viva voce vote; and
such a motion is not debatable, nor is it neces-
sary to do anything more than read each bill
by its title, as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] remembers in his own
decisions and practice.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not the first business
in general Committee of the Whole the un-
finished bill providing for modifying the tariff?
And would not the first business in order in
Committee of the Whole be the consideration
of that unfinished bill?
The SPEAKER. The first bill is one intro-
duced by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Niblack,] House bill No. 646, to suspend the
provisions of an act to strengthen the public
credit, approved March 18, 1869, until the
United States resume payment in coin of all
the obligations of the Government. Without
delaying the House by stating the other bills
on the general Calendar, the Chair will state
that gentlemen can obtain from the Doorkeeper
copies of the Calendar, from which they can
ascertain what is on it,
Mr. MAYNARD. I think that the bill to
which I have referred was left in an unfinished
condition.
The SPEAKER. There are now seventeen
bills upon the Calendar in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. This bill for
the repeal of the income tax, objection having
been made to its consideration in the House at
this time, is the eighteenth bill on the Calendar
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to give notice that on Thursday next, imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal, I will
move to go into Committee of the Whole for
the purpose of considering this bill.
Mr. McNEELY. Will amendments to the
bill be then in order?
The SPEAKER. They will.
Mr. RANDALL. And will the bill then be
under the control of the majority?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
order of business.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I am anx-
ious to go on with the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill, now a special order
in Committee of the Whole. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] desires to go
on with his education bill, I understand. If
he will go on with the consideration of that bill
I will not move to go into Committee of the
Whole on the special order, but I must insist
upon the regular.
national education.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the House will now proceed to
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1326)
to establish a system of national education, of
which bill the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] has charge.
Mr. McNEELY. Before this debate begins
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts to
havean understanding by consent of the House
as to the time within which it shall be con-
fined. I should like to speak for an hour.
If possible we should come to some arrange-
ment at this time.
Mr. HOAR. I am disposed, if the House
is willing, to allow one hour and a half to each
side for debate on this question, making three
hours in all. If the House is willing to agree
to that,, I will at the expiration of that time
demand the previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Let us have more time
than that. I wish to speak on the bill.
Mr. HOAR. I should be glad to take more
time, but the House is not willing to allow
more than four hours, one hour being allowed
for the close of the debate. I make the sug-
gestion to the other side.
Mr. McNEELY. That is satisfactory to me.
The SPEAKER. Is debate to proceed under
the hour rule?
Mr. HOAR. That can be arranged as we
go along.
Mr. McNEELY. My understanding is that
after three hours' debate the gentleman from
Massachusetts will demand the previous ques-
tion. If it be not sustained, the bill will then
still remain open for discussion.
The SPEAKER. This arrangement does
not bind anybody. The gentleman who has
charge of the bill can test the sense of the
House on it at any time by demanding the
previous question. Whatever arrangement is
made is between the gentlemen themselves.
Mr. HOAR. I move an amendment to the
bill. To section five add the following :
If the petitioner or the United States shall be
aggrieved by such estimate, either party may, within
twenty days after the acceptance thereof by the
court, apply for a jury to determine the matter of
