1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103§
said complaint. The court shall thereupon cause a
jury to bo iuipanneled to hear and determine tho
same, and may prescribe rules for the conduct of
the trial. If the petitioner shall not finally recover
a sum larger than the estimate of his damages made
by the commissioners be shall pay to the Uni'ted
States all costs from and after his application for a
jury, except when, on the application of the United
States for a jury, the damages shall neither be in-
creased nor diminished; otherwise he shall recover
his co.-ts.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, at the outset of tbis
debate, to reiterate my most emphatic con-
viction that it would be both inexpedient
and impracticable to take from the States
the functions of providing for public educa-
tion where they are now administered. The
best education is that which an individual
derives from himself. Next to that comes the
education in the family. Next comes that
administered and controlled by the districts or
the towns. Not until these fail arise the
necessity and importance of interfering with
this question by the States. The State can-
not permit the town, the town cannot permit
the family, the family cannot permit the child
to refuse to discharge this duty, a duty not
only owed to the children but essential to the
welfare of citizen, family, town, and State. So,
while we claim and avow that it is our pur-
pose not to interfere with any State which will
discharge this great function, we also avow
and acknowledge that it is our purpose not to
permit any State not to do it.
I desire iu the few minutes I shall occupy
to present to this House the overwhelming
present necessity of an instant interference by
the national power with the subject of educa-
tion in a large portion of our States and the
constitutional power and the constitutional
duty that Congress shall undertake this inter-
ference.
The Superintendent of the Census just now
completed thinks the whole population of this
country will not fall much short of 38,800,000
persons. According to the census of 1860,
one half of the population was over twenty
years of age. Assuming tbe same ratio for
the present census, we may say that there are
19,400,000 adultsin ourcouiitry to day. Every
year adds about 800,000 persons to the adult !
population of the country. In I860 there
were 2,872,111 adult persons unable to read
or write, or twenty in every one hundred of
the adult population. If the percentage had
remained the same—and the Superintendent
of the Census thinks it has largely increased—
there are now 3;080,000 adult persons in this
country unable to read and write. In the year
1842 Horace llann demonstrated that at least
thirty per cent, should be added to this esti-
mate of illiteracy in the census from the ten-
dency of people to overestimate the number
able to read and write and from that portion
of the population who read and write so im-
perfectly as to be practically illiterate. This,
out of the total population of 38,800,000,
would make4,784,000of what Mr. Mann would
call practically illiterate, now unable to read
and write.
In round numbers, therefore, there are to-
day, out of twenty million of the adult popu-
lation of this country, five million persons in a
state of utter ignorance, unable to read the
Constitution under which they live, unable to
read a newspaper, and unable to derive any
knowledge of history, of politics, of science, or
of the social condition of their own or other
countries by the avenue of education or in-
struction. Now, sir, where are these persons
found? In what States of the Union ore they ?
In the sixteen southern States, counting West
Virginia and Virginia separately, there were,
according to the census of I860, 1,387,948
persons of school age returned as attending
school against 3,238,586 receiving no kind of
instruction whatever. Now, it is the opinion
of all the best authorities to which I am able
to apply that this proportion of illiteracy has
been largely increased in th© southern States
in consequence of the events of the war. I
have obtained from the Census Office a table
making comparisons, in this respect, of the
census of 1860 and that of 1870 in seven of
the States, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mis-
sissippi, North Carolina, Virginia, and West
Virgiuia. That table is as follows:
173.257
191,378
369.635
I Total pupils in publie schools 
J Total pupils in private schools 
i Total pupils  382.604
By that table it appears that- the total num-
ber of pupils in all the schools in these seven
States in 1860 was 382,604 between the ages
I of six and sixteen years,_ against 369,635 in
I 1870; so that, supposing this proportion to hold
| good in the other southern States, there has
I been a loss of about live per cent, as compared
i with the educational statistics of 1860. Many
1 of those returned as attending school receive
but a very slight and imperfect teaching. These
statistics'include evening and Sunday schools.
It is not too much, therefore, to say that in
sixteen States of this Union which will be re-
quired to elect during the next decade_ thirty-
two Senators and ninety Representatives, or
thereabouts, only one fourth of the persons
who are growing up to assume the functions
of citizens will be able to read or write.
Mr. DEGENER. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a statistical correction which
makes his argument still stronger, and will
occupy but a moment?
Mr. HOAR. If it takes but a moment I
yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DEGENER. The gentleman has said
that the adult population of the United States
isabouttwenty millions. I wish to correcthim
on that point. It is generally considered that
about two fifths of the whole population form
the adult population of any country. Assum-
ing that the new census gives a population of
forty millions, that reduces the adult population
of the United States to sixteen millions. Five
millions being illiterate, this makes the per-
centage of those who cannot read or write about
thirty-two per cent., instead of twenty-five per
cent, as the gentleman has stated in his argu-
ment.
Mr. HOAR. I took the estimate of the
Census Office; and if that of the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Degener] be correct, it
shows that I have been very careful not to
overstate the case. Now, I ask tbe statesmen
of- the American Republic to look this thing
in the face. I desire to make no partisan or
political imputations. There are two States
in this Union, one of them under the control
of the party to which I belong, one of them
not under the control of that party, in both
of which the popular elections are determined
largely not by the votes of the- citizens, but
by corruption and fraud. Now, is it not true
that you have to deal with this fact in the im-
mediate future, and look it in the face, that
this country is to be ruled in the next years,
in the next generation, by its ignorance and
its corruption ?
The Senators of sixteen States and ninety
Representatives are to be sent here by the
choice, if choice it can be called, of men who
are unable to comprehend the Constitution
under which they live, unable to read news-
papers, unable to read an argument, unable to
receive into their minds any of the enlightened
knowledge which comes from the capacity to
read.
Now, sir, I have obtained from the Bureau
of Education a statement of what the States to
which I have alluded are undertaking to do
to remedy this evil, and I propose to ask the
House to believe with me that instead of any
prospect of improvement in this matter these
States hold out the promise to do worse. This
is the condition of public education at the
South:
Public Education in the South.
"X. Delaware: So State supervision, no State
normal school, no adequate public school law, no
provision for the education of the colored ehii-
" II. Maryland: No public schools for colored
children except in Baltimore. Only nominal State
supervision.
"III. Virginia: Free-school law recently passed,
but its workings impeded by want of funds, school-
houses, and qualified teachers; only about one hun-
dred schools in operation at date; no money yet
collected, and school tax not available for months.
"IV. West Virginia: Contemplating destruction
of the already successful school system.
"V. Kentucky: Kecent attempt made by Legis-
lature to cripple system already in operation by
reducing the salary of the superintendent, paying
no attention to his judicious recommendations; at
present law is substantially the same as before the
emancipation, and no eolorcd public schools estab-
lished. Even the school tax collected fiom the col-
ored people is used for the support of colored pau-
pert1.
"VI. Tennessee: Successfully established school
system overthrown, and provisions ot tbe old ' pau-
per f-ehooi' law ree'stablisned. Ko normal school.
"VII. North Carolina : School system struggling
under hostility of sentiment, inadequacy of means,
so that permanence thereof is doubtful.
"VIII. Booth Carolina.: School system moder-
ately sueces3iul; bitter hostility manifested; suc-
cess pos&ible only through continued adherence ot
the colored population.
" IX. Georgia: School laws till recently same as
before the war; new act recently passed and fetate
superintendent appointed; successful progress ham-
pered on account of want of iunds.
"X. Alabama: School system imperfect in many
respects, yet had secured an# enrollment ot lou,UuU
scholars: future existence of it doubttul.
"XI. Piorida: System partly organized; success
heretofore limited by inadequate means.
