1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
or in whatever box it may have been placed
or be found."
Now, sir, observe that under this law the
supervisors, not content with scrutinizing and
supervising and counting and canvassing the
ballots cast for Iiepresentatives to Congress,
are authorized to go through the same process
and exercise the same authority over every
ballot which they may find in every other bal-
lot-box at that poll; and though those ballots
may bear upon their backs an indorsement
that they are for State officers, or for county
officers, or for city officers, the law still makes
it the right and the duty of these supervisors
to count and canvass those ballots. What
more, sir? They are required to make lists,
and to forward to the chief supervisor of the
judicial district of the city or town certifi-
cates and returns of all those ballots " as the
said officer may direct and require, and to
attach to the registry list, and any and all
copies thereof, and to any certificate, state-
ment, or return, whether the same, or any part
or portion thereof, be required by any law of
the United States, or of any State, territorial,
or municipal law, any statement touching
the truth or accuracy of the registry, or the
truth or fairness of the election and canvass,
which the said supervisors of election, or
either of them, may desire to make or attach."
In other words, they are given the complete
power, so far as a most unconstitutional pro-
vision can give it to them, to interfere with the
State elections in every branch. Now, sir, is
there any possible pretense on the part of the
most reckless defender of this bill that there
is any warrant for such a grant of power in
the Constitution? Why, sir, it is the very case
which Mr. Hamilton, in the Federalist, put as
an impossibility, as a thing too insufferable to
be submitted to. His words have once been
read. They are few, however, and will bear to
be repeated. Mark you, Mr. President, they
occur in the course of the argument made in
the Federalist in favor of the very provision
of the Constitution of the United States under
which alone Congress can claim any power to
institute any regulations for elections of mem-
bers of Congress. He says:
'* What would be said of a clause introduced into
the national Constitution to regulate the State elec-
tions of the members of the State Legislatures? It
would be deemed a moat unreasonable transfer of
power, indicating a premeditated design to destroy
the State governments."
What Mr. Hamilton then spoke of is in this
bill beyond ail question, and it is not less mon-
strous now than it was when he suggested it as
a thing impossible to be supposed. He spoke
by way of illustrating the extreme absurdity of
the argument* of those who opposed the grant
of power to Congress in the Constitution.
How is it possible, sir, to enforce such a
law? How is it possible to maintain this'free
system of ours if the Federal Government is
fo intrude itself in this manner into every
branch of State elections? The American
people would be unworthy of their name, un-
worthy of their inheritance, unworthy of their
freedom, if such a law a1! this could stand, if
such a law could ever be enforced. What
becomes of the State elections under such a
System? With these persons intruding them-
selves into them at every turn, backed upas
they are by swarms of armed special deputies
of the marshals in all these cities and towns,
and they in turn supported and sustained by
the military and naval power of the country,
the State elections become a mere farce. They
are a mere empty show ; everything is swal-
lowed up in the absorbing centralizing powers
of the Government at Washington. Why, sir,
there is nothing left of liberty when popular
elections are gons ; and popular elections in
any sense in whicli we have ever understood
them are gone, and they are gone deservedly,
whenever they have passed thus into the hands
of the central Government.
I did suppose that a provision of this bill on
which I commented a while ago was the most
monstrous I had yet seen ; but here is some-
thing far worse, far worse in its shameless
grasp of power never granted by the Consti-
tution, -which nobody ever contended or
dreamed was granted; a power which, beyond
all others, was supposed to be distinctly with-
held by the Constitution itself from the Fed-
eral Government; a power which includes all
powers, which nullifies all separate State
existence, all independent action on the part
of the States, all self-government of any kind
whatever. In a page of that bill, that power
is created, if indeed it can be created by any
effort of this or any other Congress. It seems
to me that any party which is prepared for
such a usurpation of power as this must be
prepared to sustain it by farther measures ;
and further measures will be needed to sus-
tain it.
This provision is one of those limited to
towns of moro than twenty thousand people.
I have here what [ Suppose to be the official
return of a list of towns of more than twenty
thousand people. There are sixty-nine of
them, beginning with the city of New York and
ending with the.city of St. Paul, in Minnesota.
Ten of these are in the State of New York,
the State which sent the Senator here who has
given us this bill. Of those ten cities, one is
the first city in the Union in point of popula-
tion, and another is the third city in point of
population. In each one of those ten ciries
the Senator from New York, by this bill of his,
proposes to destroy the popular elections, to
take away from the people of those cities any
right to even the semblance of a free election
for their local officers, for county or city or
State officers. He proposes deliberately to
subject those people and their elections, in the
respects I have named, to the scrutiny, to the
supervision, to the power to regulate, of these
supervisors of his.
Sir, I speak with deliberation, I speak with-
out temper, when I say that such a bill as this
is^ one of two things: it is either the death-
warrant of the freedom of the American peo-
ple, and of course of their form of government
in its substance if not in its outlines; or it is
the death-warrant of the party that has dared
to present it to the country and dared to sup-
port it. One or the other : either the Repub-
lic and its liberty must die or this party mis-
called " Republican " must die, and die soon.
It is accumulating mischief enough to employ
the best talent of the country years to repair;
and now, in its death-struggle, like some ven-
omous thing, it is ready to destroy itself if in
that it may destroy the liberties of the people.
Sir, it will not do. This attempt will fail..
It may succeed as far as to assume the form
of law; but it never will be enforced, it never
can be enforced. When the inmates of broth-
els and the graduates of the penitentiaries, of
whom I have read in the columns of one of
the leading journals of the country illustra-
tions day after day, commence to thrust their
polluted hands between the free people of the
great cities of this country and their ballots
and their elections, I think we shall see some-
thing that perhaps was not counted on when
this bill was brought forward here with the
ostentatious announcement that it was to be
put through at one sitting. The spirit mani-
fested in all that, as I have before had occa-
sion to observe, is not the spirit that should
become the Senate of the United States; not
the spirit, in which a gentleman who from his
position- is supposed to have peculiar influence
here and elsewhere ought to address himself
to the Senate on the subject of a bill like this.
If there could be anything worse than the bill
it is the manner in which it has been brought
here and the manner in which we understand
it is to be forced through by mere,physical
exhaustion and the coercion of superior num-
bers. I move to strike out from line eighteen
of section five, beginning with the word "and,"
duwn to the end of the section.
Mr. THURM&N'. I believe that the more
important features of this bill have been de-
veloped by the discussion and by the amend-
ments which have been offered; and I hope
now that if there are any more amendments
to be offered they will be offered and voted
on, and that we may vote on the bill and go
home.
Mr. CASSERLY. I propose to have this
amendment voted on. Let it be reported.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. 1 desire
to submit a remark upon this section of the
bill. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will first be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is moved to strike
out all after the word "registry lists" in line
eighteen of section five, on page 7, to the
close of the section, as follows:
And tallies or cheek-books, whether the same are
required by any law of the United States,or any Slate,
territorial, or municipal law, aro kept; and to the
end that each candidate for the office of Represent-
ative or Delegate in Congress shall obtain the ben-
efit of every vote for him cast, the said supervisors
of election are, and each of them is, hereby required,
in their orhis respective election'districts or voting
precincts, to personally scrutinize, count, and can-
vass each and every ballot in their or his election
district or voting precinct cast, whatever may be the
indorsement on said ballot, or in whatever box it
may have been placed or be found, to make and
forward to tho officer who, in accordance with the
provisions of section thirteen of this act, shall have
been designated as the chief supervisor of the judi-
cial district in which tho city or town wherein they
or ho shall serve shall be, such certificates and
returns of all such ballots as said officer may direct
and require, and to attach to the registry list, and any
and all copies thereof, and to any certificate, state-
ment, or return, whether the same, or any part or
portion thereof, be required by any iawof the United
Stn,tes, or of any State, territorial, or municipal law,
any statement touching tho truth or accuracy of the
registry, or the truth or fairness of tne election and
canvass, which the said supervisors of election, or
either of them, may desire to moke or attach, or
which should properly and honestly bo made or
attached, in order that the tacts may become known,
any law of any State or Territory to the contrary
notwithstanding.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I presume
this bill will be in some respects like the bill
that passed last session, left incomplete, to be
supplemented by other legislation. It will not
bepassed before I present one consideration in
the hope that it may be weighed deliberately
by the majority here. It is important to call
the attpntion of gentlemen to this section of
the bill that they may in supplementary legis-
lation avoid the difficulties which will neces-
sarily result from it.
Take the case of the city of Baltimore, or any
other large city where there is a dense popu-
lation, and who are to possess the ballots first ?
What setof commissioners will it be? Will it
be the United States commissioners who are
to take possession of the boxes and ballots
first, or will it be those acting under the State
laws? Who are required to receive these votes?
Your United States supervisors of election
are there, and there are the boxes. Your
State judges of election are present; are they
to have the boxes or are the United States
supervisors? Under this section of the bili
the United States supervisors are required to
scrutinize and to count every ballot in what-
ever box found. In our State we have but one
box and but one ticket. In other States there
are four or five boxes.
With us the Representative in Congress and
all the officers of the State are voted for at
the same general election and on one ticket.
This section, I presume, must necessarily be
amended, or I mustsuppose that the gentlemen
on the other si'le of this Chamber who are
voting for this bill without any kind of qualifi-
cation or amendment seek to bring about a
collision. Such a purpose I cannot attribute
to them. I cannot but suppose that those
gentlemen, intelligent, learned men, of legal
minds, of experience and knowledge, can see
the imperfections of this section and the wrongs
and the outrages that, may be committed under
every provision of the bill; and I trust they
will undertake to secure the people of the
States in -their proper voting precincts some
