1040
SHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
"XII. Mississippi: School law tfeeently enacted,
and, notwithstanding bitter hostility, on the road to
success; county superintendents appointed, school
tas being collected, &c.: hostility to the system con-
fined to the white inhabitants; Colored people warm
supporters of the system.
"XIII. Arkansas: School system, in spite of white
hostility, more successful than in most of the south-
ern States.
"XIV. Louisiana: School systemafailureoutside
of New Orleans, owing to hostility of whites to the
provisions for mixed schools.
"£V. Texas: No school system; no school super-
vision ; no adequate legislation; no public schools;
bitted hostility in the eastern part of the State."
'Mr. Speaker, I might add to that statement
the fact, Which I think the gerttlemen from Ten-
nessee upon this floor will concur in, that there
are counties in that State to-day in which there
is not a single child receiving education of
any kind. In this connection I ask the atten-
tion of the House to the following letter from a
distinguished lawyer in Tennessee, giving an
account of the school system in that State:
Memphis, Tennessee, January 10,1871.
The masses of the children of our State are
utterly excluded from the blessings of books and
knowledge and enlightenment, exeeptin those com-
paratively few instances where their parents are
either wealthy or in a high degree intelligent and
self-sacrificing for the good of their offspring. In
other words, the law as it now stands ia our State
carefully and zealously provides for the barbarism
and debasement of posterity. Our public press is
generally hostile, often bitterly so, to any general
and efficient system of popular education. It prefers
that the massesshould grow up prejudiced andignor-
ant and bi utal.
Narrow-mimied and provincial itself, it anxiously
desires to have the community which suffers from
its depraved teachings still more illiterate, if pos-
sible, than itself. Its blighting influences would
soon come to an end if provision were once fully
made that the rising generation should be educated.
Like all other vicious despotisms,it.fears and dreads
the enlightenment of the people. The Appeal of to-
day, writing of a proposition recently madein the city
of Philadelphia to provide for the partial education,
in reading and writing atleast, of every child in that
city, says:
"Now, all this sounds well, but it is wild, vision-
ary, Utopian. The free schools in Philadelphia are
already full to overflowing, and since all who desire
to secure education cannot be accommodated, we
see no necessity for running down and foicing into
school-rooms the'mackerels'who will not receive
an education. It has been computed that there are
fifty thousand children in Philadelphia who do not
attend any school, public or private. Many of these
children, vicious and wicked vagabonds as they are,
support themselves and their poor parents, and many
amicted brothers, sisters, and relations, and if they
are to bo dragged into the school-room and bound
out, those whom they support must be provided for
at the same time. This would throw upon the State
half a million paupers and incur an expense of l'rom
twenty to fifty mil !ion dollars. You can lead a horse
to water, but you cannot force him to drink; and a
child torn from its angry parents and forced into a
school-room cannot be madc<to learn. He will play
truant every day, through the persuasions of parents,
who need and claim his service?. Education cannot
be crammed into children by sausage-stuffers."
As to the means ofarousins our people in this State
to the great importance and necessity of universal
education, I can onljr say that unless the General
Government will act in the premises I can see but
little prospect of anything being done in our State
during the present generation at least. If Congress
in its wisdom will insistthat the children of America
in every State and county and town shall be pro-
vided with generous means of mental culture, and
lhat moral enlightenment which should always ac-
company it, and will devise the ways and means
whereby it shall be secured, then in that.caselthink
that beyond a doubt the governing classes in our
State, in their jealousy of the Federal Government,
if prompted by no higher motive, would make haste
to provide to some extentthe meansfor thechildren
of the State to receive in a meager way the rudi-
ments of a common-school education. That would
be a great gain, and would in time open the way for
more. _ But in our day, at least, nothing but the fear
and distrust of our politicians (of all parties per-
haps)^ that the national Government in its wise
beneficence is about to confer the priceless blessings
of education upon all the children and youth within
our bounds will ever stir our State government to
make even an effort in behalf of general, universal
education. Of course X need not. say to you that
without education for the masses the future of our
State, with its different races, antagonisms, and
prejudices, will be gloomy indeed.
Respectfully, yours, truly,
BARBOUR LEWIS.
The census for 1870 includes all the schools
of the Freedmen's Bureau, now about closing.
The Fuperiutendent of public schools of the
Freed men's Bureau says in Ips semi-annual
report:
, " The masses of these freedmen are, after all, still
ignorant. Nearly a million and a half of their chil-
dren have never.fts yet been under any instruction.
Educational associations, unaided by Government,
will of necessity largely fall off. The States South,
a« a whole, awake but slowly to the elevation of
their lower classes. No one of them is fully prepared
with funds, buildings, teachers, and actual organi-
zations to sustain these schools; the colored people,
yet in poverty and unacquainted with school insti-
tutions even the most elementary; opposition, latent
indeed, but still existing. Who will lead on these
dependent multitudes? Who will guide this mighty
current of awakened thought and aspiration ? With
sorrow we anticipate, if the reports of superintend-
ents can be relied on, the closing of hundreds of our
school buildings, sending thousands of children, who
beg for continued instruction, to the streets, or what
is far worse,to squalid, degraded homes, to grow up,
not as props and pillars of society, but its pests."
Of Virginia he reports :
"Our general correspondence reveals some im-
portant facts on this subject, which at the present
time should be well considered. The freedmen, if
suddenly left to themselves, have neither the means
nor the capacity for carryingon efficiently their own
schools; and yet if they fall off there will be sad
disappointment. They say, 'The civil rights and
suffrage now given us will be comparatively worth-
less, unless we and ourchildrenhavesuCBcientintel-
ligence rightly to use these privileges.' It seems to
their limited views like abandonment by professed
friends at the moment when efforts to rise were
about to be crowned with success. They feel that
earnest endeavor and loyalty in the performance of
their new duties should claim continued favor.
"The superintendent, though full of hope, estimates
that without continued aid from Government, at
least 10,000 children, who have been the last year at
school, will now be left destitute, and that as many
more, who had expected to have entered, will be
utterly disheartened."
"General Armstrong writes from Hampton, that
'it is in vain to appeal' (and he speaks from much
•experience) 'to educational societies to do more
than they are now doing. In eastern Virginia/he
says, 'they do not maintain ten common schools in
a colored population of one hundred thousand; all
that has been done is but as a drop in the bucket.
The local patronage of influential white men, or
white and eolored united, amounts to nothing in this
section of the State.'
"Mr.Percy, of the Freedmen's Bank of Norfolk,
a former superintendent of the American Mission-
ary Association schools, writes, 'The children are
too far advanced to attend schools taught by''native
teachers," and should the northern teachers now re-
tire from the field the only result we can foresee is
a relapse into a condition of intelligence little better
than before the schools opened.'
"The appeal from all quarters is forsome national
system of efficient education."
Of Tennessee he reports :
" From Tennessee we are still obliged to report de-
creasing numbers of schools for ireedmen. The
course pursued by the State authorities, while with-
drawing public support trora these schools, discour-
ages local friends and hinders the operations of
benevolent societies.
" There has been since January last a loss pf 3,421
pupils, and since July, a year ago, a loss of 104
schools, 326 teachers, and 7,655 pupils. This shows
what may become true in any southern State where
a political element, prejudiced against the educa-
tion of the colored race, is in tho majority. The
general tone of all correspondence from Tennessee
is despondent, betraying much anxiety for the future
and imploring continued help trom the North and
the national Government. A very intelligent gen-
tleman, not connected with the bureau, writes to us
that he ' believes the greatest calamity which could
at the present time befall the colored people of the
State, would be the withdrawal from their schools
of Government aid.'"
Of Nortli Carolina:
"Unless, therefore, the national Government con-
tinues the great work instituted by the bureau,
much that has been gained will be lost, and the free-
school system of the State, which has existed only
by such aid, may remain inoperative for years."
Of South Carolina:
"Solicitude as to the future.—We have only made
acommenoement in the work of educating the freed
people. WhileT have confidence in the intentions
of the State superintendent to forward his work by
every possible means, I am fully aware of the futil-
ity of all exertion when measured against the ignor-
ance and stupidity of the county school officials
and the comparative indifference of our Legislature
to this cause. I therefore confess to anxious fore-
bodings,seeing no reliable promises for the future
but in the necessarily limited efforts of northern
charitable and religious associations. These I trust
will atleast continue to aid the Avery Institute and
Shaw School of Charleston, and the Claflin Univer-
sity at Orangeburg, and some few other higher
schools which, it seems to mc, must be sustained."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask the attention of
the House to a few pregnant sentences from
Horace Mann. He says, and it is still more
true to-day;
"The illustrious and noble band who'framed the
Constitution of the Union—Washington, Adams,
Franklin, Jefferson, Madison—who adjusted all the
principles which it contains, by the lino and tho
plummet, and weighed the words which describe
them in scales so nice as to tremble beneath the dust
ofthe balance, expended the energiesof their mighty
minds to perfect an instrument which, before half a
century should pass away, was doomed to be admin-
istered, controlled, expounded, by men unable to
read and write. The power of Congresr over all tho
great social and economical interests jf this vast
country; the orbits in which the State? nre to«move
around the central body in the systiru; the functions
of the Executive, who holds in his hands the Army
and the Navy, managesall diplomatic relations with
foreign Powers, and can involve the country at any
time in the horrors of war; and that grand poising
power, the supreme judiciary, appointed to be the
presiding intelligence over the system, to harmonize
its motions and to hold its attracting and divergent
tendenciesin equilibrium; all this splendid structure,
the vastest and the nicest ever devised by mortals,
is under the control of men who are incapable of
reading one word of the language which describes
its framework and defines its objects and its guards,
incapable'of reading one word of contemporaneous
exposition of antecedent history, or of subsequent
developments, and therefore ready to moke it in-
clude anything or exclude anything, as their bHnd
Sassions may dictate. Phaeton was less a fool when
e mounted the chariot to drive the horses of the
sun, than ourselves if we expect to reach the zenith
of prosperity and happiness under such guidance."
I think, Mr. Speaker, that it is unnecessary
for me to dwell longer on the consideration that
the case demands prompt, energetic, efficient
interference of the national power.
The question, however, presents itself here,
as everywhere, of the constitutional power of
Congress to deal with this subject; and I ask
the attention of the House for a few minutes,
while I state the views y?hich I entertain upon
that. I say that it can be demonstrated in the
light of recent history that to every object of
constitutional effort laid down in the Consti-
tution public education is the surest, cheapest,
and most desirable path. The Constitution
clothes Congress with authority to make all
laws which are necessary to carry into effect
the foregoing powers, and all others conferred
by that instrument. Now, can it be doubted
that that grant includes the power to be a Gov-
ernment, and to pass all laws which are neces-
sary to accomplish and secure that?
If Congress may build a post office because
the postal service cannot be conducted with-
out it, if it may build a court-house because
justice cannot be administered without it, can-
not it build a school-house and educate the citi-
zens who are to govern the country, because
the country cannot be governed by the citizens
without it? The Constitution not only estab-
lishes a national Government, but since the
two great amendments have been added to
that instrument it establishes a Government
which it declares shall be administered by the
intelligent voice of every citizen within its bor-
ders, with certain, and for the purposes of this
argument, unimportant exceptions. Now, is
not the implication clear and direct that if
the Government cannot be administered in a
constitutional way, to wit, by the intelligent
voice ofthe people, unless that people is edu-
cated, that there is in Congress the power of
providing for that education of the people
without which the Government itself cannot
be administered in a constitutional way? This
public education is indispensable to the exist-
ence of the Government. It is indispensable
also to the accomplishment ofthe great consti-
tutional scheme of its administration. There-
fore, of direct logical necessity it becomes the
constitutional duty of Congress to secure it.
But to each of the enumerated special objects
for which this Union was formed universal
public instruction is an indispensable and ne-
cessary means u to form a more perfect union."
The history of the last ten years shows that
wherever ignorance exists there the spirit of
disunion exists. Wherever light, and education
exist there attachment to the Union existed.
''To establish justice." How can justice
be established in a constitutional way, when
every legal and constitutional question involv-
ing human rights is to be determined in the
last resort by a jury drawn from the body of
the people, unless that jury is drawn from a
body of educated and instructed people?
