1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1041
"To provide for the common defense."
Mr. Speaker, the history of the last year, the
history of the last five years, is full of pregnant
illustrations of this truth: that army, navy,
cannon, and fortress are weak compared with
the strength which lies in the brain of an edu-
cated nation. The people of Switzerland, sur-
rounded on all their frontiers by the great mili-
tary powers of Europe, maintain the strongest
proportionate military power on earth at the
cheapest expense of any civilized nation.
And it is because, as the highest authorities
declare, they educate at the public charge
every child within their limits. This is not
the fancy of an enthusiast, or the hobby of a
dreamer; it is the acknowledged and pro-
nounced judgment of the greatest authorities
existing to day.
Mr. Lowe, the English chancellor of the
exchequer, pronounced last autumn that the
victory of Prussia over Prance was the victory
of Prussian education over French ignorance.
I hold in my hand a similar declaration from
Mr. Gladstone, tiv. prime minister of England,
in his able article, published in the Edinburgh
Review, upon France, Germany, and England.
Speaking of the preparations which Prussia
made for this war, he says: " She sought her
strength in high intelligence. She emanci-
pated her peasants; she established her system
of national education." And again he says :
" Undoubtedly the conduct of the campaign
on the German side has given a marked tri-
umph to the cause of systematic popular
education." "It was long a contest," says
Sallust, "among mortals, whether strength
of body or power of mind was of the most
advantage in the military art." But mind has
now gained the point in competition with its
material partner, its muddy vesture of decay.
I desire to call the attention of the House
to a very interesting article of one of the wisest
and most thoughtful of the French public men
of to-day. M. Emile de Laveleye. in the Fort-
nightly Review. on the causes of French pros-
tration and defeat, says:
''Whence comes it that Germany has so rapidly
and completely overcome France, which is eqnally
populous, more rich, and more warlike? Every
oue answers it is because Germany had compulsory
insiruction for ail. It was said before at Sadowa ia
18«6. it is not the needle-sun which has conquered,
it is the school-master. This is still more trae in
1870. as the chassepot wa« worth incomparably more
than the needle-gun. We cannot declare it too
loudly : it is ignorance that has lost France. It was
in vain that men like Jules Simon. Pelletan, Darin,
Jules F.tvre cricd out year after year. " There must
he millions for education or France is lost." The
Government was deaf. It denied nothing to pleasure,
to luxury, to ostentation. It denied eterytuiu^ to
ei'iueiition. The calamities which ignorance is caur--
iu^ to France during toe war are not to becompiired
to th: ;0 with which Mie i-* menaced in peace. The
former, cruel as they may bp, arc transitory; the lat-
ter are abiding.
" Uy univer.-al suffrage France ha? placed the
decision of her destinies in the hands of masses who
are completely incapable of discerning their true
interests and still less what is demanded for the
safety and prosperity of the country. Everywhere
and always, despotism has been the natural fruit of
ignorance. Let theexampleof Franco serve at least
tor a lesson to other nations. Nothing is more fatal
to the emancipation of the lower classes themselves
than to (rive them tiic vote before thoy have sufficient,
enlightenment to useit with discrimination. Would
yon establish despotism, either directly by the pres-
tige cf a great name orindireotly by passing throuah
a stage of anarchy, then give the suffrage to tho
ignorant masses."
I will not undertake to develop further the
argument that provision for public educa-
tion is properly within the scope of that power
which is charged with providing for the com-
mon defense.
Under the other provision, " to provide for
the general welfare," it has been repeatedly
adjudged by the highest judicial tribunals that
the power to raise money by taxing the people
wna almost, unlimited, it being left only to the
discretion of Congress.
Another great object of public care which
has also been held by all parties as properly
within the dominion of Congress, is tho pro-
motion of mauuUctures; and the experience
of the past few year* is equally pregnant in
41st CoxiJ. 3d Spas.— No. 66.
regard to the relation of public education to
manufactures. As I stated to the House the
other day, England found in that great compar-
ison of the manufactures and products of the
world, held at London, the world's fair of 1851,
that out of one hundred grand departments of
mechanical and manufacturing industry she
exceeded all the other nations of the world in
variety. In 1867, owing to the increase of pub
lie education in Belgium, Switzerland, and
especially in Prussia, England exceeded in
those same departments in but ten ; and just
before the adjournment of this House last
summer England, as a measure of necessary
relief to her depressed manufacturing indus-
tries, established her system of universal pub-
lic education.
So in agriculture. Agriculture has ceased
to be a mere toil of human muscle, and has
become a competition of science and intel-
ligence.
Then, again, Mr. Speaker, there is the great
power, unused and neglected so long, which
authorizes and requires Congress to guaranty ;
to every State a republican government. How '
can a republican gover, 'Dent, in the American
constitutional sense, exist unless there exists
also mental power and intelligence in the peo-
ple v/hose right to share in its administration
is secured by the Constitution? Therefore, I
say to those gentlemen on this floor who be-
lieve that the idea of a republican government
involves necessarily the intelligent choice as
well as the numerical count of the whole peo-
ple that it is incapable of denial that the
security of republican government in a State
involves, by logical necessity, the securing and
guarantying of the intelligent capacity to ad-
minister it. You may just as well permit the
dominant party in a State to put out the eyes
of the voter, so that he cannot, see his way to
deposit his ballot at the polls, as to permit them
to blind that intellectual light, more valuable i
and as indispensable to enable the voter to cast
his ballot intelligently.
Therefore, to sum up this constitulional argu-
ment, I declare that universal education is
essential to the national existence. It is essen-
tial to the administration of the Government
of this nation by those persons whose consti-
tutional privilege and duty it is to administer
it. It is also essential to the accomplishment
of the great objects which the Constitution is
intended to secure. It is the best cement of
'• perfect union." The "general welfare " is
best promoted by it. There can be no "gen-
eral welfare" without it. It is the best and
only guarantee to republican government, and
is the only security of the '• blessings of lib-
erty." It is strength in war; it is wealth in
peace. By it flourish art, agriculture, manu-
factures, commerce, all that constitute great-
ness. all that constitute glory. Surely, then,
that, law-making power which is charged with
the accomplishment of these great ends may
lawfully accomplish them by this the surest,
the most uatural means.
The gentlemen of this House and their im-
mediate Republican predecessors have under-
taken to secure and perfect the democratic
republicanism of this country by enacting two
great constitutional amendments, which declare
the right of every citizen to take part in the
administration of the Government. This exer-
cise of power imposes upon us the imperative
duty of completing this work by providing for
the1 education of these masses whom we have
enfranchised. The Republican who denies the
constitutional power of Congress to provide for
the education of the people is bound by logical |
necessity to deny the power of this people to
enact those two gieat constitutional amend-
ments, which cannot be carried into effect with-
out this education. The man who flinches from
this duty abandons the work which he has sol-
emnly pledged himself and the American people
to undertake. If this measure or some better
or kindred measure shall not be adopted the
members of the Republican party will go down
in history as feeble, timid, base, blind states-
men, who undertook the work of emancipation
which they were incompetent to carry on to
its final results; as incapable to understand
the needs and unfit to mold the destinies of a
great and free people.
If this is not true the slaveholder is right. If
this is not true let us send back the two intelli-
gent gentlemen of a downtrodden race whom
we have welcomed at this session to the floor
of this House. Unless they and their kindred
are to be educated, their place is beneath tho
lash. Either the tyrant, the slave-master, is
right, or the consistent Republican is bound
to secure, by competent education, the capacity
to take part in the administration of the Gov-
ernment to every man beneath the shadow of
its flag.
Mr. Speaker, the purpose of this bill is sim-
ply to establish by national authority acommon-
school system which shall instruct all children
of school age in the ordinary knowledge of
reading, writing, and arithmetic in those States
which fail or refuse to make such provision by
State authority. Jt does not propose to med-
dle with or disturb the existing condition of
things in any State where a competent com-
mon-school system now exists, or where, with-
in a reasonable time hereafter, such a school
system may be established by State authority.
Mr. WELKER. Will the gentleman explain
who is to be the judge whether a proper sys-
tem of common schools exists in any State?
Mr. HOAR. I will answer that question in
a moment in stating the general features of
the system contemplated by this bill.
The bill provides, as I suppose it constitu-
tionally must, for a system which, in the first
instance, apparently covers the entire Union.
It provides for the assessment of a direct tax,
amounting to fifty cents for each inhabitant
of the Union, which tax, by the Constitution,
must be apportioned among the States accord-
ing to population, though of course it is raised
in the State by taxing the property which it
affects, chiefly real estate, with a large home-
stead exemption of $1,000. It provides fur-
ther that whatever sum is raised, the propor-
tion of each State shall be expended within
the State upon which it is assessed. It fur-
ther provides that instead of raising the tax
by national instrumentalities, each State may,
if it elects, raise ia its own way the sum which
is assessed upon it, and pay it into the national
Treasury; thus following exactly the prece-
dents of all or nearly all the national direct
tax acts which have been passed, it is pro-
vided further that the act shall not take effect
until the 1st of J uly, 1872; and if in the mean
time any State shall engage to establish a
common-school system for itself, the opera-
tion of the act as to that State shall be sus-
pended for the further term of twelve months.
I now come to the question of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Welker.] If at the
expiration of twelve months the President of
the United States is satisfied that a school
system reasonably providing for the education
of all the children of the State in these three
ordinary branches is established and enforced,
then the act shall not go into operation in
regard to that State ata'il: or it would be more
correct to say, the nation accepts from the
State the establishment of a common-school
system in discharge of its proportion of the
tax, just as it might say to Louisiana, " In lieu
of $1,000,000, your share of the tax, you
may contract to build a custom-house at New
Orleans of that valufe."
Mr. WELKER. And if the President is of
opinion that there is not such a system ia the
State, then the law goes into operation 1
Mr. HOAR. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELKER. Then on the decision which
the President may make will depend the oper-
ation of this bill.
Mr. HOAR. He is to decide whether a fact
exists. On that fact depends the application
of tho bill to any particular State. He has
