216
ffiE COMRBSSIONAL OLOBE,
December 20,
The SPEAKER. The main question has
been ordered upon the amendments pending to
this bill, and the gentleman from Massachusetls
[Mr. Bctler] is entitled to the floor for one
hour to close the debate.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman fram
Massachusetts to yield to me for a motion to
adjourn, as the hour is now late.
Mr. MAYNARD. No : I hope not.
Mr. DAWES. Let us finish this up to-night.
Mr. ALLISON. We cannot finish it to-
night. It is absolutely impossible. But I will
not insist on a motion to adjourn if gentlemen
desire to go on with the debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
fifteen minutes of my time to the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. COBB, of North Carolina. I will not
have tinie, Mr. Speaker, iu the fifteen minutes
allowed me to look at the legal aspects of the
bill now before the House. But, differing as
1 do from so many of my Republican col-
leagues from the South upon this most vital
question of the removal of political disabili-
ties, 1 deem it due to myself to submit some
of the considerations which force me_ to object
to a measure of that kind at this time; and
more than that, I feel that I owe it not only to
myself, but to my constituency and to a_ large
number of Union men and Republicans in the
South, whose sentiments I believe I no\r ex-
press. I regret that I had not, like my worthy
colleagues from the fourth and sixth districts
of my State, [Mr. Massing and Mr. ShobEr,]
fortified myself by writing out my views upon
this question, so that I might have delivered
them with the precision and accuracy which
has characterized their remarks to-day.
I do not know that I shall occupy the atten-
tion of the House for even the time which my
distinguished friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has so kindly yielded me. But there
is a suggestion or two, of great importance
in my estimation, which I have not yet heard
advanced by any gentleman who is opposed to
universal amnesty, but which, above everything
else, convince me that such a measure ought
not to pass Congress just now.
And, first, I think gentlemen have not fully
considered the comprehensiveness of a meas-
ure of this character. I firmly believe that a
proposition passing this House and the Sen-
ate relieving from political disabilities all the
disabled classes in the southern States would
amount to an abject humiliation of Congress
and an abject humiliation of the Government
of the United States, in that it would be forcing
a pardon upon those who have not asked for it
and who will not ask for it.
There is no question, Mr. Speaker, that there
are men in the southern States—I say not that
all the men in the excepted classes are of that
character-—but there aie men in the southern
States who occupy this attitude toward the
Government of the United States : who defi-
antly say that they will not humble themselves
in the dust at the feet of the Government which
they sought by every means in their power for
so many years to destroy. And yet we are asked
to humble the Government in the dust at their
feet. We, forsooth, must thrust int© theirun-
willing arms full, free, and absolute amnesty.
And, further than that, there is a considera-
tion which, to my mind, is of the highest im-
portance. There are many men embraced in
the sweeping provisions of the proposition of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth]
who have said, and who now repeat, that they
have committed no offense requiring pardon.
This presents a question of serious importance.
Is the Congress quite prepared to take this
step? Are the gallant gentlemen upon the
other side of the House willing, by voting uni-
versal relief, to indorse the sentiments of such
a disloyal proposition? I think not. The
ground is dangerous, very dangerous.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a bill with exceptions,
with wholesome exceptions, is not in itself a
punitory measure. For example, the bill in-
troduced here by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] or the bill of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is a vast
and large grant of favor by us to the people of
the South. And gentlemen, to my mind, have
misapprehended the position of those of us
who have gone against a universal removal
of disabilities at this time. We do not propose
to lay any new burdens. We do not propose
to be more exacting or as exacting as we
have heretofore been. The bill of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Bctler] itself
relieves the great mass of the people of the
South, the men who ought to be relieved, from
their disabilities.
But there is another point, Mr. Speaker.
The people of the southern States—I mean the
people at the South who respect the laws of the
Government and who obey those laws—are
looking with very much concern to us, to the
issue of this question, and to our votes on it.
I fear its moral effect will be bad just at this
time, in making bad men more defiant, and
in discouraging those who look to the laws for
protection. For one, while I am ready to vote,
and while I am voting day after day to relieve
the disabilities of those who come here and
petition for relief, I would continue some of
these exceptions; and if for nothing else, let it
be done in perpetuam rei memoriam. Unfor-
tunately it is too true that there are those who
teach the doctrine I have referred to; that
rebettt0il-w6s-n0 Crime ; that the war to destroy
the Government was" tk just and righteous war.
We, if general amnesty be carried, become
their disciples. I truly -wish the leaders of
public sentiment were different- I wish that
regard for the laws and respect--for the Gov-
ernment were the leading political lessons
taught at the South. -
Sir, I was fascinated with the eloquence
of the distinguished scholar and orator, the
gentleman from New York, who spoke on last
Thursday, [Mr. Cox.] I felt then, as I listened
to his appeals for universal relief, if he could
infuse a portion of his kindlysentiments, Chris-
tian heart, and forgiving character into the
ranks of his party at the South, a new era of
good feeling would dawn there and universal
peace and universal good will and universal
amnesty prevail. I should be gratified to hear
his golden voice, ringing with the sublime
eloquence of true Christianity, urging on his
Democratic brethren of the South the true
interpretration of the prayer "forgive us even
as we forgive." I know that I should find him
persuading them that now, when nearly six
years have elapsed since the close of the war,
it is high time tor them to forget an d to forgive
their neighbors who happened to differ with
them during the war, and who now love the
Union and have regard for its laws. But,
alas! they have not such teachers as he and his
generous friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
The leaders there are rather inclined to scorn
and defy the Government and despise those
who revere it.
I undertake to say, and I believe I speak for
a large portion of the good men at the South,
that the best interests of the Government re-
quire that some restrictions be kept on. Let
the people South know that there is a law in
the land. Let them feel that the Congress is
not prepared to make all concessions and all
humiliations to enemies of the Government,
and you will encourage and strengthen those
who are willing and ready to maintain the
supremacy of the Union in every emergency.
These people, for whom I speak, do not wish
that the population of the South at large
should continue to be unrelieved. They desire
that the great body of the people should be
relieved. And, sir, when relief is made so easy
by petition to those who are excepted in the
pending bill, where can be the harshness which
gentlemen have pretended to discover? In
their own imaginations.
Mr. Speaker, I will not consume the time of
the House longer. I simply desired to state
generally, and have done so imperfectly, the
considerations which impel me, nay, irresistibly
force me to oppose a measure which, if I con-
sulted alone my own individual inclinations and
my own heart, I would be glad to favor, but
which as a matter of public policy I consider
unwise, injudicious, and unsafe at the present
time. Often the commands of duty are stern
and inexorable. When it is established that
amnesty is asked for in good faith and desired,
and the public policy requires, it shall have my
support.
With the consent of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler,] I give whatever
time I have remaining to the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Hoge.]
Mr. HOGE. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to
this bill and to the amendments which have
been offered. 1 do not propose at this moment
to occupy the attention and time of the House
in a very deliberate consideration of this ques-
tion ; but I wish to make a plain statement on
behaK' of the constituents I represent on this
floor, the people of the third congressional
district of South Carolina. There may he a
time when I, like my distinguished friend from
New York, [Mr. Cox,] can advocate this doc-
trine of peace and good will to all men, But
I do not propose to advocate that doctrine so
long as my constituents and my Republican
friends in South Carolina are shot down, mur-
dered, taken from their houses at night and
whipped and scourged, and driven from their
plantations, simply because they claim the
right as American citizens to vote and to adro
cate the doctrines of the Republican party.
In the county of Laurens, on the day after
the election in November, there were thirteen
leading citizens of that county—twelve of them
colored men, one a white man who had been
efeeted judge of probate—who were taken out
and murdered simply because they dared to
stand up in Laurens county and advocate the
principles t?f the Republican party. That act
of cruelty anc?-of wrong was encouraged by the
"best citizens"V-as my friends on the other
side call them—th&s"best citizens" of South
Carolina. My old friend, Volney Powell, who
was formerly a citizen Ohio but had adopted
South Carolina as his hoipe, was elected by a
majority of fifteen hundredsas judge of probate
in that county. He was toW by twenty armed
men, citizens of Laurens couhty, to kneel and
say his prayers, and while he hi the act
of praying they poured a volley n*to him ; and
I counted myself seven bullet-holes in his body.
I want to hear some voice raised this Hall
in behalf of the men who not only piS^led their
lives during this bloody rebellion, b\ut have
continued to do so up to the present Bour, by
standing up for the Union in the southern
States. I want to hear the voices of scfcne of
our friends raised here in defense of the tJnion
men in the southern States as well as on behalf
of those.men who have committed the gg'eat
crime of treason against our country. Ihe&vd,
and I was sorry to hear it coming from a mefci-
ber on this floor, a reflection upon those bra-«;e
men who wore the blue during the late war, b,
reflection upon the United States Army, that'
they were nothing but a banditti, entering the
stables of private citizens and stealing their
horses, and so forth. Ihavefailed, Mr. Speaker,
to get any sueh information against the officers
of the United States Army, and I hurl hack
the charge to-day in the presence of the gen-
tleman who uttered it. I deny that there is
any truth in any such statements, and 1 feel
bound to make that denial in behalf of the
Army and in behalf of the loyal men of the
South.
Mr. CONNER. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
, Mr. HOGE. I cannot yield: I have not
time.
Mr. CONNER. I only desire to say that I
have record evidence to prove all that I have
staled in regard to the taking of horses.
Mr. IIOGE. I am opposed to this thing of
